@_author: mrrgnome
@_date: 2016-08-02 12:19:47
So the issue there arises from the fact that upvotes are on an exponential vote volume curve as a higher rated post gains more and more traffic, feeding early voters and content creators returns - but downvotes don't increase a posts visibility or drive more downvotes the way upvotes do. There is no front page for downvotes and nobody would be interested in trying to find the already negative scoring articles to heap on additional downvotes thus paying the initial downvoters. That source of funds for the downvoters and prediction market for downvotes simply cannot work the same way that the upvotes do because upvotes drive traffic to desirable content where as downvotes don't. "Yours" is a prediction market for virality, and downvotes simply aren't a viral process. If you downvote you have no reason to believe someone will downvote after you, paying for a downvote on an article you are making sure no one will see is a bad investment when you could instead pay for an upvote and possibly find something pre-viral.
@_date: 2016-08-28 15:23:56
How do you know? Would you even notice any failures? Unless you are tracking transactions rejected by your client a failed double spend would look like business as usual for most providers.
@_date: 2016-08-01 21:31:01
Yes. Exactly. I'm trying to understand how 'Yours" will solve this problem when it seems like it will exacerbate it. Whoever solves the "power user"/"sponsored content" problem will do very well for themselves, I'm sure.
@_date: 2016-08-01 20:09:40
Every social news aggregate I have ever seen uses the tools you describe - friend and reputation systems - and every single one struggles because those exact systems are ripe for abuse. Are you familiar with the "super user" problem? It's effectively what you propose as a "solution", but in practice leads to corporate abuse.
Spammers do not have a hard time getting through these systems, you are mistaken. Companies pay power users and their networks of like minded promoters to for example upvote hillary articles on reddit and refute hillary criticism. The friend system and repution systems are the vehicle for this activity not the solution.
So adding a huge economic incentive where malicious promoters can actually profit or at least advertise for much cheaper than they do on traditional social networks due to kickbacks and "upvoting" themselves with their own money is going to greatly exacerbate this problem. 
Tagging, friend, and reputation systems are very frequently abused to the end of sponsored content, and every social network currently struggles with these issues.
@_date: 2016-08-25 16:53:21
It is starting to make me crazy how many serial entrepreneurs are pitching just awful ideas for blockchain projects with an almost religious zeal
@_date: 2016-08-06 00:18:39
Right so as a trader (which most of us are) its our responsibility to understand the risk to principle when using an exchange, and if the returns are not worth that risk we need to stop trading until interest rates and returns warrant the risk or the environmental risk of exchanges changes dramatically. No one wants to be told to stop trading, bitcoins price is built on speculation at the moment, but to those who can't protect themselves from risk stopping is exactly what they should have done. Bitcoin isn't yet built to facilitate these sophisticated financial instruments on chain and centralized solutions are ripe with fraud.
@_date: 2016-08-09 19:39:52
Most of bitcoins value is currently derived from speculation, the volume of which requires margin trading and lending.
@_date: 2016-08-22 18:16:13
An exchange is a market for buying/selling bitcoin. A wallet is for holding a currency. Exchanges tend to be companies, wallets are something you can control. A wallet can hold many types of currency, but just like a real life wallet can hold many currencies it cannot transfer value between them. 
Consider this: Where would you deposit your USD to make it go into your wallet? Someone (ie. a company, taking a fee for the service) has to setup a bank account for you to deposit USD to, create a marketplace to buy/sell bitcoin, and popularize it.
You want to engage in high frequency trading. You should find an exchange that exists primarily for that purpose, calculate your costs to fees and transfers carefully, and acknowledge the inherent risk of a business model that will see your capital sitting on an exchange like bitfinex for an extended period. It's gambling, and it can be very profitable or it can ruin you if you aren't careful.
@_date: 2016-08-01 14:26:17
100% this. If this platform becomes popular it will exacerbate unimaginably voting abuse. Malicious advertisers have every incentive to post their garbage with a clickbait title, then pay their own users to upvote with money they give them. Then thanks to the brilliance of "Yours" not only do these content creators get to buy front page links, but then the trailing users eating the sponsored content actually pay out the costs the company spent promoting their clickbait. "Yours" is a system where trailing votes subsidize early voters and content creators, so if the early votes ARE the content creators they effectively get free advertising for anything they can successfully bump to the front page. It pays for itself.
With the history users have rejecting readily abused social networks (digg?) I don't see how this is going to be something users want to use unless you spin them on the idea they are gambling in a prediction market. And even then, you're really just taking advantage of your most vulnerable users and using them to subsidize sponsored content.
@_date: 2016-08-22 03:45:09
I think we are going to see an increasing number of headlines which attempt to put a positive spin on attacks to bitcoins fungibility.
@_date: 2016-08-01 20:15:27
I don't. How can I effectively short a prediction market with a paid downvote unless someone is also buying that contract? Where does the money come from that pays out a downvote against a spammer?
@_date: 2016-08-05 21:04:43
No downvotes from me.
@_date: 2016-08-10 01:41:14
It is, but it doesn't represent the same volume as leveraged trading and ergo has a lesser impact on price. I'm not a big leveraged trader or anything, I use bitcoin as a savings account. It's just that leveraged trading is responsible for most of the speculative bitcoin volume and thus drives price, that's just the observable market reality.
@_date: 2016-08-05 20:23:50
It's been that time forever, and it has been obvious to the entire community not to keep anything on exchange since gox. What makes this event any different? People will choose convenience over security every time. This will keep happening until all the features of centralized exchanges are possible in a decentralized on-chain manner because there is an obvious demand for these services like leverage trading and loans.
@_date: 2016-08-09 14:27:15
As you can see from the rest of this subreddit there is no love for bfx here. What you are witnessing is the entire community having a laugh at your irrational behaviour and justifications. Address whoever you want, but you are in a public space and almost everyone here is enjoying watching you flail about with your silly justifications. Accept the truth that money not showing up on your UI is not the same as money not in a bfx account. You know how I know it's the truth? If the money wasn't in a bfx account they wouldn't have been able to give you a haircut your transaction would have gone through and nothing could have stopped it. The fact that you are in this situation in the first place is the evidence your money was still in a bfx account at the time of the hack. It would have been impossible for them to take your money otherwise.
Save your lawyers fees and move on with your life.
@_date: 2016-08-02 06:45:34
Thanks for giving us your thoughts on how this problem can be addressed. It's certainly not a problem specific to Yours network, and hopefully the introduction of currency to the social platform will create the possibility of a novel solution to this problem. I know being first mover in a new space must be a series of previously unsolved problems on your desk, but keep knocking down those walls. We all appreciate it - even the critics.
@_date: 2016-08-02 16:05:40
A couple points:
1) Apple pays 10k worth of upvotes to themselves, end up with several hours of front page content and it costs them a small fraction of that 10k as they received most if not all of it back in kickbacks. They may even profit before public sentiment turns against them, as people may want to gamble on quickly rising content and get kickbacks themselves for upvotes even on garbage if they think a corp is bumping it. The damage is done, they got their ad out and it cost them nothing, even if you somehow get it off the front page. This is a bad user experience.
2)  Suggesting that the solution is to rely on competing corporate interest is a very silly idea IMO. By doing so you're abandoning any pretense that Yours is anything but a sponsored content platform, and ceding the front page to whichever corporate interest has the largest bankroll.
In fact, I think if Yours does become successful there is a very solid business in creating a bot which identifies quickly rising content whether being artificially inflated or not and upvotes it to get the expected kickbacks. Unless mechanisms which haven't been discussed are put in place to address the issues I'm talking about such a bot would be very viable, and the front page would be purchasable by any sufficiently funded entity while bots like mine piggy back on corporate abuse skimming some profits while further enabling this artificial content promotion.
If you want an acknowledgement that these issues are real without current obvious solutions, deeper in this thread Ryan commented about his perspective on these problems. I get the impression Ryans view is that it will be easier to define a strategy to defend against this behavior once it's observably occurring. But without a solution to this problem as part of the application design, it's my opinion that ignoring this fundamental issue for now is just kicking the can down the road. If Yours is to ever be successful this is a barrier it must deal with eventually.
@_date: 2018-01-17 20:10:10
If selling is such a brilliant strategy why didn't you sell at 19k? If it's 17k tomorrow will you still be right? Did you sell everything you owned at 1k in 2013? What about at the MtGox bust in early 2014?
Pretending that calling the top or bottom of any run is as simple and foolproof as opening your mouth is irresponsible. You are more likely to lose your ass short term trading then you are holding. Trying to triple your money on a short term movement is pretty much the definition of short term trading and pretending it is riskless or even less risky than long term holding is absurd.
Holding is a much more viable long term trading strategy than thinking you know anything about where the price is going tomorrow. Asserting you have any knowledge or awareness of where the price will be in the short term is supremely stupid. Being an evangelical of such knowledge is even worse. Compared to the advice you're giving the advice to hold is outright conservative. You are urging people to sell into what is already a 50% market correction. For all you know this is the bottom, for all you knew two days ago 15k was the bottom. You could very plausibly be urging people to sell at the bottom of the trend just as people were urging people to buy at the top. You don't know shit.
@_date: 2018-01-29 07:36:17
I"m aware of the great work the NIST does, but people looking for an authority in an authority-less network are already failing on some fundamental level. Correcting the authority in a panic because they don't understand soft versus hard forks is, well, funny.
I was talking to a gentleman from the NIST at CES a few weeks ago. They were looking for consultation about blockchains in general. The information they are basing things like this report on is coming from outside consult. With how many people are calling themselves blockchain experts it's not really surprising that absurd descriptions like the one about BCH are entering their publications. I don't think that should be a call to action for us to correct them, but an illustration that they are playing catch up as opposed to setting their usual standard. They are still trying to wrap their heads around this just like most people. If people want to point to the NIST as the authority on blockchain let them, it really speaks more about those people and where the NIST is at on this subject matter than it does blockchain technologies.
Early days friend. Early days.
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:28:01
It's really funny that you keep evoking memories of 2014. Did you hold through 2014/2015? I did, kept buying in fact, and everyone else who did is pretty happy about it. If there is another 2 year bear market, good enough. The technology has nothing at all to do with the price.
Timing the market is how you lose your ass. If you are panicked about price being 5k tomorrow or 15k you are gambling with money you need and should stop. Be worried about what the price will be in a decade if you need something to worry about. It's an all or nothing value proposition, there is no 1k, 5k, 20k bitcoin in 10 years. It's either $0 or hundreds of thousands of dollars. Everything in between is a mad gamble.
Holding isn't idiotic, gambling like you're some kind of professional day trader with wealth you literally need is idiotic. To anyone who hasn't invested more than they can lose holding is a fantastic strategy, betting on a larger game than what the price will be tomorrow but what it will be in years time.
@_date: 2018-01-18 17:25:38
LOL so not only have you failed to read anything I've said in this thread, think I'm talking about you when I explicitly say I am not, and made false assumptions about my holdings - but you also think I should use the word "here" to refer to your consumption of information that I've told you? You think the sentence: " I don't know many people who **here** I've been holding since at least 2014" is coherent english?
Seriously? Actual illiteracy. 
@_date: 2018-01-05 17:37:19
There are a lot of bold women out there. Women who take risks. Women who manage multi bullion dollar industries and countries. I think if women and minorities had equal representation in technical fields and access to wealth in 2009 as did white men we'd have seen a very different demographic entering Bitcoin. IMO it's very unfortunate that so many cultural factors dissuade women from these fields, we could have made a big leap towards a more egalitarian future with bitcoin and instead we did the opposite.
@_date: 2018-01-05 18:40:00
I couldn't disagree more. Men are nurturing, many men favor care/love/beauty. There are many cultures, even tribal cultures which have no place even entering this conversation, which invert what you would consider typical gender roles or have more than 2 genders even. That you cannot accept that in the modern western world your idea of "tribal" gender roles is unapplicable, never mind that it wasn't ever applicable, is an absurd product of your own culture. 
Frankly your response is the worst kind of culturally ingrained sexism. Take an anthropology class. Learn about the great diversity of tribal gender roles. Then take a modern gender studies class. Learn about the great diversity of current gender roles. The only one trying to force a view of the world is you, the evidence that the world is not the way you think is abundant both now and throughout history.
@_date: 2018-01-12 21:15:23
Your channels are as available as you make them. I'm not sure how many wallets support concepts like limiting by IP or reserving percentages of channel space or increasing transaction fees as channels are consumed - but the mechanisms are certainly available.
@_date: 2018-01-24 04:43:42
I perfect the strike between commenting on your useless thoughts and making jokes, retard.
@_date: 2018-01-06 04:10:47
Who cares what any given girl or boy has to say? Culture is documented rigorously. It's objective, qualitative observation and evidence gathering. It may be limited in scope in many instances, but what we know about the various cultural constructs of gender is varied and diverse.
Anthropology has absolutely nothing to do with SJW propaganda.
@_date: 2018-01-06 14:36:20
Load the wallet file without syncing the blockchain. Dump your private keys (google how). Write them down carefully.
Load an SPV wallet like mycelium or electrum. Import your keys. Laugh all the way to the exchange.
@_date: 2018-01-06 16:12:07
The idea of trading signed smart contracts off chain like cash is brilliant. Glad to see this thread reposted, unfortunately I think the learning material will be too dense for many resulting in provably false claims about trusting third parties and such nonsense.
@_date: 2018-01-07 05:22:21
Decentralization is 4 factors applying to 2 bodies in bitcoin and bitcoin cash.
4 Factors:
* Number of bodies
* Geopolitical distribution of bodies
* Influential distribution of bodies (Not all owned or influenced by the same parties)
* The resource cost to influence the collective bodies
2 Bodies:
* Miners
* Nodes
Copying the code of Bitcoin and starting a new coin the way Bitcoin Cash did doesn't give the network decentralization. If a network has over half of its nodes and over half of its miners in one place and influenced by one party (which Bitcoin Cash does, the majority of nodes are on AWS instances and the majority of mining power is in China from one company) it is not decentralized.
Decentralization is an emergent network property. It is created by a series of Nash Equilibrium based incentives which encourage actors to behave responsibly. It's usually described in the cost to change or influence the factors I listed above. It's not a binary state of having it or not, it's a sliding measure.
There are other factors which may influence the factors I listed above. One of them is resource usage. The more resources it costs to participate in the network the fewer participants there will be. Bitcoin Cash advocates, also many other altcoin advocates like Ethereum, aren't terribly concerned with storing every single coffee purchase of every person for all time on every computer in the network. The reality is that principle just doesn't scale. The more you go down that path the more centralized you necessarily become, until eventually as a function of time all the nodes exist in large data centers in the hands of one or two companies in one or two legal jurisdictions. It reduces the cost to attack the network down to a fraction of its previous cost when nodes where across the globe acting as independent security agents for the network and makes the number of actual protocol participants shrink to near nothing. It may support a billion end users, but none of them will be actually using the trustless protocol, they will be trusting someone.
Bitcoin Cash exists because they view end users are more important than the integrity of the networks long term decentralization. Bitcoin doesn't want to take that scaling route until it is absolutely necessary and all other options have been exhausted - of which we have many.
So is Bitcoin Cash decentralized? No. It could maybe be someday but right now it's not. It is not good for Bitcoin Cash to have a small body of parties controlling all the factors of decentralization. I also don't agree with the code change for larger blocks. It may be better for users, but it's a terrible engineering decision and more than that sets a bad precedence regarding scaling decisions.
@_date: 2018-01-24 08:12:39
[This paper]( is probably one of the best resources.
@_date: 2018-01-07 16:33:34
I'm not worried about it. There is clearly a lot of demand for instant low fee transactions. Paying $5-$10 for near free and instant transactions for the year isn't too big a deal IMO.
@_date: 2018-01-20 14:42:58
You really are illiterate. Having some trouble doing math?
@_date: 2018-01-03 01:47:34
That was really good. I especially like that they didn't need to embellish any facts to make Bitcoin sound incoherent and insane for their audience.
@_date: 2018-01-18 21:25:22
Weird, I don't see an asterisk beside any of my posts. Another example of your inability to read?
I love how you have made such an ass of yourself in this conversation. I love that you clearly don't have significant crypto holdings because if you did you wouldn't be pretending like a million dollars is a big deal. I love that you can't read and think "here" means "hear". Your ignorance is glorious. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 16:18:50
It's not quite so easy. A lot of the power being used on mining isn't going anywhere else - the demand doesn't exist yet. Often many power plant operators in rural china are either mining themselves or have a direct relationship with the miners. The power bill is whatever the power company says it is, if they choose to get paid under the table by miners -  a practice I am sure already occurs in volume - there is no power bill to reference.
It's like saying they will catch marijuana growers based on their power bill. Works fine and dandy when these people are growing dope in the suburbs, but what happens when it's the power companies themselves growing dope? It doesn't work at all.
Couple this with the financial incentives for local enforcement to look the other way in the form of taxes and bribes,  I severely doubt the majority of miners are leaving China anytime soon. It would take a serious nationally driven crackdown where national entities with no financial stake in local mining somehow find these places and raid them with force to accomplish what China intends.
@_date: 2018-01-01 19:24:47
It's pretty well documented with the affect turning on and off as price or political events transpire. You can see it both on the blockchain as you look at these transactions with absurd numbers of inputs and in the mempool as huge spontaneous peaks and valleys. It's not bad at all. If any crypto is to succeed they need to be hardened to these kinds of attacks. If we can't deal with attacks we aren't decentralized, we aren't viable, and there is no point in us even being here. I think it's absolutely brilliant that we have created a system where instead of taking the network down DDoS style attacks literally pay for the networks security infrastructure. 
@_date: 2018-01-05 00:40:10
It also means immediate arbitrage opportunities for the BTC side of every orderbook. Traders should be losing their minds with anticipation.
@_date: 2018-01-25 21:59:55
It's a transparent ledger, monitor to your hearts content.
@_date: 2018-01-29 18:08:17
If someone is intent on torturing you is there anything you are going to do to stop them? You can call the bank and confirm you have the safety deposit boxes for one. It should pretty common sense to both criminals and users that keeping tens of thousands of dollars+ under your mattress is a little silly.
@_date: 2018-01-08 14:34:56
As the article notes, how will they even find these miners? With so much money entering local pockets from taxes and soon plausibly bribes, will the locals be willing to do the dirty work of the national government?
Bitcoin is so unbelievably resilient, this will have a larger affect on price than it will on the network. Some people weren't around for the first dozen Chinese Bitcoin ban attempts, this will probably have them shitting their britches. Hang on noobs it's going to be fun. Especially for Bcash, those poor bastards have the vast majority of their miners in China.
@_date: 2018-01-22 20:01:09
Seems viable if I can use it and it is the best option for me to use.
Taxes exist on everything, you don't complain the dollar is unusable because of GST.
Your definition of viable is arbitrary. Your estimates of what percentage of the population Bitcoin is useful for are pulled entirely out of your ass. Even just one use case, avoiding inflation, has a huge potential market.
Instead of guessing at what you think bitcoins viability is, you could just look at the emerging economy and acknowledge people are using it, and use defines viability.
@_date: 2018-01-08 19:57:54
Inflation is a useful term when talking about the purchasing power of money, and influencing inflation is a primary job of the Federal Reserve including minting new money supply and setting the interest rate.
You are telling me that when controlling your money it isn't useful to know how much of it will exist tomorrow?
Governments come and go all around the globe, you never will be able to guess what their fiscal policy or actions will be. That isn't transparency. Transparency is an entirely open source algorithm determining the properties of money. There is nothing about the original quote in the OP that is accurate about Bitcoin, traditional money supplies are immeasurably more opaque than an open source algorithm.
@_date: 2018-01-03 03:03:57
... Yeah, that's the part I explicitly said I liked. They didn't need to embellish and they still found ground for their comedy.
@_date: 2016-04-30 19:43:05
You don't need to be a business or even have a bitpay account to use bitpay payment processing. All you need to do is send the appropriate amount of bitcoin to the address bitpay displays through steam, with an appropriately high fee that the transaction is promptly sent.
When they say bitpay is for businesses who they are talking about are Valve/Steam and others, businesses to setup a payment gateway for their customers. The customers don't need bitpay accounts.
@_date: 2018-01-22 22:31:56


Does Bylls not work for everyone? I didn't realize it was a personal service just for me. Seems like an easy way to pay pretty much any bill. I also use Quadriga to e-transfer my rent, I use btctrip and expedia for my flights. I live off bitcoin. Saying that I am the only one who can do this or that it is somehow difficult is absurd, all of these services are as usable as any other payment partner.
You keep saying reporting it like that's the end of the world, like there isn't a public ledger and account histories with each service tracking all of the required information on your behalf.
I am willing to bet you have never tried to live off bitcoin and have no idea what you are talking about.
When I get paid some of it goes into BTC, when I need money it comes out of BTC. It's my savings account. I know this blows your mind because you're closed minded and think it's impossible, but live with it. It works fantastic for me and is a lifestyle I actively choose, and I'm sure there are others who easily do the same.
@_date: 2018-01-09 12:51:16


It absolutely is useful when they perform the same function.


I didn't ignore it I explicitly acknowledged it. All of that is true and it doesn't change the fact that necessarily, as a body,the Fed must be less transparent than Bitcoin simply because of the medium and mechanisms of its function. I'm sorry you have so much difficulty accepting that a governance process could be completely transparent and because it is run by people and shifting governments still be opaque relative to an auditable static algorithm. It's is simple, written in stone, transparent. You can argue Bitcoin isn't useful for any number of reasons but there is no valid argument to be made that the Federal Reserve is a more transparent body than Bitcoin. It simply cannot be, by inherent mechanism.
@_date: 2018-01-19 23:46:03
Do any of your firm mates know the difference between "here" and "hear"? Maybe you can ask them. 
I'm not sure why you would want to sit on a dozen altcoins garbage forks instead of selling them, let alone laugh at the idea. I can only assume you want to hold superbitcoin because you are a complete idiot. Personally I was happy to dump. sbtc, btcg, btcd, bitcore, byteball, btx, b2x, bch, I can't even list them all. I guess I shouldn't be surprised that you are happy to sit on free money and miss the opportunity to dump these trash coins. Judging by how incredibly dense you are you probably hold on an exchange and can't even cash out of the majority of these.
I earned hundreds of thousands of dollars without selling a single Bitcoin, AMA.
@_date: 2018-01-03 18:04:30
Wash trading only really works on no-fee exchanges, otherwise the fees eat you alive.
@_date: 2018-01-06 16:21:30
Consolidating inputs would happen when the channel is opened by the user who has the inputs. But because opening a lightning channel is a low priority transaction you can low ball the fees when setting it up if necessary.
@_date: 2018-01-18 15:35:58
You have literacy problems.
@_date: 2018-01-22 19:12:37
So transaction fees do not reinforce the security model? It isn't a dichotomy between allowing spam on-chain or not? Bitcoin can simultaneously be stable and still have the vast majority of the market to reach?
I don't hear a substantive rebuke. I hear blanket dismissal.
@_date: 2018-01-06 22:56:52
How much you lowball it and what time it takes is entirely up to you.
@_date: 2018-01-06 16:01:19
Do you have any appreciation for how difficult it is to make fun of or parody people like you? When you crank the absurd dial to maximum with your views it leaves no room for people who want to mock you via impersonation. There is no level of absurdity to reach for left which would let an audience know it's a joke.
@_date: 2018-01-29 20:14:07
The way I see it is a solid protocol will inevitably lead to a higher price as a function of time. There are enough use cases for a decentralized network that having only 21 million units to transfer across that network mandates a higher price than tens of thousands of dollars per unit if it works. If people want to avoid inflation, or local government mismanagement, or store off-shore wealth, or evade draconian capital controls, or engage in criminal activity Bitcoin must be worth more than it is now to facilitate that value transfer. We don't need any governments endorsement and we don't need the NIST. Appealing to either like we do need them for Bitcoin to have value is naive.
A lot of people think the USA banning Bitcoin would be it's death, I think it would be Bitcoins beginning. Once there is irrefutable proof Bitcoin cannot be shut down it validates the decentralized security model and the financial revolution finally begins in earnest.
Now that may never happen. If governments are smart it won't. Either way, I don't need the NIST to set any standards for me in this instance regardless of how excellent their work in the field typically is.
@_date: 2018-01-22 22:53:03
So if you put all your money in apple stock and lived off apple stock, sending it to people directly who then would sell it if they choose or to services that would accept it as middlemen that wouldn't be using apple stock as a savings account, store of value, and currency?
@_date: 2018-01-24 08:17:17
With China trying to give miners the boot and other countries enticing miners with power surpluses its possible we see a broader distribution of miners in the near future.
@_date: 2018-01-22 23:37:55
That's kind of covered in that first bullet point, it's an investment in a decentralized platform on which we can build a decentralized future. Borderless, authority-less, automated future. If I ever have a technical reason to believe we are not moving in that direction I would sell everything, but price is not a technical attribute it's a speculative one. It could crash to $200 tomorrow and I would still be using it for the same thing, buying more. However if tomorrow the price jumped $10k but network statistics made it clear it was no longer decentralized, that technical development was being abandoned, and JP Morgan had entire reorganizational control over bitcoins blockchain I would sell.
As I just edited into that first bullet point, there is no 10k, 20k, 1k bitcoin. It's either 100k or it's worth nothing. It's either secure or it isn't, it's either decentralized or it isn't. I have every reason to believe from a technical background that it is and will continue to be moving towards that 100k path as a function of decades and building that decentralized future.
When it does finally reach an appreciable marketshare it will gain values you personally attribute to currency like stability, like not being cashed out upon being received, like being traded directly p2p and in a manner that is efficient and cost effective without relying on appreciation to cover costs.
@_date: 2018-01-24 17:59:22
Their rating systems is a riot. Their grading mechanisms are based almost entirely on price fluctuations and things like "transaction speed". They claim to factor in technology based on white paper reviews but it doesn't look like they have a significant comprehension of whatever papers they are reading or Bitcoin would have necessarily scored higher by their own descriptions. It's pretty obvious no reading of lightning was considered as that would equate to instant transaction times which they claim to be looking for. It's clear no reading of drivechains or sidechains or any other layering mechanism was considered as that would equate to scalability and ease of adding new features which they also claim to be grading on. It's clear no examination of atomic swaps occurred or there would have been higher grades for blockchain interoperability. Bitcoin should have aced every one of these categories. Overall a totally misinformed joke.
@_date: 2018-01-07 19:38:42
I love the social media war other cryptocurrencies are engaged in you can see it in the twitter replies. Bitcoin don't care, devs keep working and the price keeps finding support at levels laughable only 6 months ago.
I hope the attacks continue. The more they come the more resilient bitcoin proves to be.
@_date: 2018-01-02 16:06:21
Why would you leave your coins on exchanges for years at a time? Are you trading your entire balance every week?
@_date: 2018-01-13 16:14:59
There are posts every day encouraging users to try lightning and announcing merchants who accept it.
The only coin teams with marketing are pump and dump coins. There is no marketing team for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-29 17:12:52
Posted this in the other thread but it's worth posting here too.
Just like you keep some money on your person and some money in the bank, don't keep the majority of your bitcoin savings on your person. Whether you split up private keys among safety deposit boxes like the winkilvoss twins do or you leave a multisig key with a family member across the country, making it inconvenient to access your savings will make sure the robbers only steal your on-person funds and not your retirement.
@_date: 2018-01-13 19:16:45
I've been playing around with [zap]( on mainnet and [eclair]( on testnet (it's available from most android stores)
@_date: 2018-01-06 19:41:38
Have a better decentralization or economic security model? No. Have better technologies? Absolutely. The cream of the crop end up moving to bitcoin however, just as we're seeing with RSK which is essentially a pegged version of ethereum with more discardable data and as a result better scaling.
The only thing substantially different about this space and traditional software is decentralization. It's the be all end all, the goose which lays the golden egg. Protocols which are able to benefit from Bitcoins decentralization will do amazing as they join to form a protocol web of functionality, protocols which want to live in isolation will suffer.
As sidechains, drivechains, and offchain protocols are built around bitcoin it is entirely possible that altcoins will conceptually become a thing of the past in favor of these new avenues to accomplish similar goals. Or maybe altcoins will become tied to bitcoin through atomic swaps giving them new life and assuring no governmental interference in future ICOs. I don't know. All I know is decentralization is what I need and Bitcoin has it. Everything else is a crapshoot, even amazing technologies.
Addressing your edit: 


This just isn't true. You have amazing technologies like ethereum but they *mandate* fast blocks, it's an absolute necessity. The faster the blocks the higher the orphan rate, the more blocks generally the more data being stored. Things that affect decentralization. it's a necessary trade off between decentralization and features. That's why pegging ethereum 1:1 with an underlying security layer like Bitcoin has so much potential - like RSK. We get to create a segregated playground within which to "move fast and break things", but at the same time lean on bitcoins decentralization instead of trying to rebuild the economic security model.
@_date: 2018-01-07 04:14:38
What do you want to know about it?
@_date: 2018-01-07 16:16:20
So you spend a high on chain fee one time to enter the lightning network then don't worry about any fees until you spend all your money. Paying a fee once a year versus every transaction is a very different cost model.
More than that if everyone is moving transactions to lightning on chain fees will quickly reduce. So there won't be high on chain fees.
@_date: 2018-01-22 23:24:01


Maybe the problem here is you are using your imagination instead of looking at the observable reality.


Absolutely, I do it because:
* I work in this field and I understand the unique properties a global decentralized trust platform offers, and the future it makes possible - and part of that possible future requires a significantly more valuable bitcoin than exists now. There is no 10k, 20k, 1k bitcoin. It's either 100k or it's worth nothing. It's either secure or it isn't, it's either decentralized or it isn't. I have every reason to believe from a technical background that it is and will continue to be moving towards that 100k path as a function of decades and building that decentralized future.
* It yields me tangible benefits as an investment and savings account in that the value of my retirement savings goes up on average every year.
I've endured multi year bear markets and multi year bull markets. When it is a bull market I use more bitcoin to buy things than I do in bear markets. When it's a bear market a larger percentage of my income goes into my savings. Just like the purchasing power of your savings account grows or shrinks depending on how the economy you are in is doing, so does mine and I act accordingly.
The answer couldn't be simpler. I do it because as a strategy it has done very well for me financially. It does me well despite moments of high fees, it does me well despite bear markets and bull markets. Not only has it been a financial boon but I take great pleasure in being my own bank.
I'm not a trader, I can't daytrade and predict what the market is going to do next - I only know that decentralization as a network property is so unbelievably unique and valuable and I will follow it with my long term savings wherever it leads.
@_date: 2018-01-06 18:00:43
What kind of risks or problems are you imagining? There is no counterparty risk. The biggest risk is probably keeping keys in a hot wallet.
@_date: 2018-01-15 16:43:08
5.182 sat/B isn't getting confirmed anytime soon.
@_date: 2018-01-07 01:12:54
Anonymity is a feature of many layers on top of bitcoin, including lightning (l2) and lumino (l3) - though I do hope we get either an atomic swap with monero/zcash or implement either of their technologies as layers as we are with eth.
@_date: 2018-01-25 02:40:22
Of course they want to know what holders think as they tepidly dip their toes into Bitcoin as an investment, it's just funny watching them try to wrap their heads around my objectives. Personally, this article does not reflect me as a long term holder - not at all. I'd dump tomorrow if I thought Bitcoin didn't have the most unique and promising developmental direction, the best engineered plan for scaling and future decentralization, or the highest cost of attack. The thing that is going to get me to sell is never going to be a dollar value.
@_date: 2018-01-29 01:31:09
I love it. Just goes to show how disengaged with the technical facts the NIST is. I say let them wallow in ignorance, makes for an enjoyable spectacle.
@_date: 2018-01-22 23:12:01
It is divisible, and even more divisible on additional layers and could be forked to be divisible even further on the main chain. Limited supply is a feature not a disadvantage, it means the market can't be flooded by new coins - only ones that already exist and are publicly accounted for, even their movement observed. Deflationary currency has use cases and is a unique and desirable property. Should it be the only currency, is inflation a dirty word? No. Inflation is an important tool to manage an economy. Having a global deflationary currency however means people can escape the mismanagement of their local economies and other important use cases.
@_date: 2018-01-24 01:38:01
You have sum zero useful thoughts.
@_date: 2018-01-05 17:40:50
GUYS WE FOUND THE TEA LEAF READER AND HE DOESN'T GET THAT THE JOKE IS ON HIM! WHAT A BUFFOON!
@_date: 2018-01-29 18:02:02
This is something people who worry about price care about but I'm  not one of those people. I care about the protocol, price is auxiliary.
@_date: 2018-01-24 18:54:49
I love how many people and institutions are trying to tell me what I think and what I'll do in the future. Good for a laugh.
@_date: 2018-01-19 19:18:35
Ahhh hahahaha, I can pretty much assure you that my portfolio is doing better than yours by holding than you are trading.
Edit: Consider for half a second, you are bragging about trading a 50% movement. I am bragging about holding a several thousand percent movement. You're  retarded
@_date: 2018-01-12 17:06:53
Right now! Try a lightning wallet.
@_date: 2018-01-23 00:10:13
Have you imagined a world where your house can airbnb itself without you participating at all? Pay its own mortgage? Where your car can pay its own lease and operate as its own uber, all with no company taking a cut or exerting its influence? What about a world where your last will and testament can be executed automatically without a lawyer or bank ever being involved? We're talking a world of p2p insurance, lending, and credit. Where instant borderless global transactions can occur, where people oppressed by their local governments have a means of financially escaping tyranny? Where a company can be autonomously organized and run, where an election can be cast with fully public audit-ability, where governments and organizations of all manner can be run trustlessly? Imagine your governments, companies, non profits entire fiscal control being revoked and an election via blockchain layer being triggered due to auditable financial abuse. The potential is amazing. It's what a lot of people think of when they think Ethereum, but building on the more decentralized blockchain in layers is the means of assuring this reality actually comes to fruition and doesn't become centralized. If it's centralized it can be controlled, influenced, and ultimately shut down as has every attempt to create such a mechanism in the last 40 years.
We've already got the most important part of that future, a trustless base platform enabling individual financial sovereignty. All that's left to do is build the rest in layers on top of it, resolving to this trustless state. We are building a new kind of financial trustless internet, a platform for a new kind of world.  Bitcoin is the base layer of that platform.
As for what makes me think it is decentralized: the network statistics in terms of nodes and miners, the cost to reorganize or attack the blockchain, the ability for anyone to participate. Global availability in the form of radio, internet, and satellite nodes and miners. Decentralization is not a binary state of yes or no, it's a cost at this point. Bitcoin by far has the largest cost to attack it. As we have seen in 2017 even when that cost is breached, with billions of dollars in miners colluding under the banner of a handful of companies nodes can still hold them to the fire and force the network to act in a decentralized manner. In short, the security mechanisms of the bitcoin protocol make it the most decentralized network on the planet. There is no Ethereum foundation to be hounded by the SEC, you can't build a botnet virus to attack it. The financial incentives will *always* align to reward those who secure the network as opposed to attack it. It's beautiful game theory and engineering and cryptography all rolled into one.
@_date: 2018-01-23 05:12:23
For the vast majority of bitcoin users trying to conceptualize bitcoin or decentralization is like trying to guess the impact of the internet in the 1980's. The frame of reference they use to consider bitcoin, like comparing it to traditional currencies and thinking about fees strictly from an end users perspective or thinking about adoption like its a business (looking at you roger) is understandable and forgivable. I mean, what percentage of people here know what a hash time locked contract is or think that trading them through hubs is centralization? How many people are even aware of what a drivechain or the lumino compression protocol or schnorr signature are or how they work?Bitcoin has thrust into the hands of laymen sophisticated concepts that force them to simplify to relatable existing things. And that's perfectly good and fine. We don't all need to be computer scientists, every day new and more simplified end user functionality gets closer to something they can digest. Decentralization is a valuable and unique concept, so long as people keep contributing into this fascinating technology stack we're going to accomplish amazing things. I don't get worked up over upvotes or price.
@_date: 2018-01-12 16:59:26


Hash Time Locked Contracts are traded off chain between two parties without a global broadcast mechanism. The only time the HTLCs might need to be broadcast is on the blockchain to prevent fraud. Otherwise HTLCs are unicast, reducing the number of transactions any node sees to just those moving through its channels.
@_date: 2018-01-06 23:36:29
I'm not sure you understood my response and I am not sure what about this conversation you feel is unproductive.
You can't do anything to stop the ddos of a given node, your node for example, any more than anyone can for any service. Lightning isn't a solution for ddos attacks. But if a node is taken out of th enetwork it doesn't affect the whole signficantly, transactions which may have preferred to go through a ddos'd channel can be routed around if another route to their destination exists - which there almost certainly would be. If the destination itself is ddos'd for days on end the service can simple move to a new IP for the fraction of a second necessary to perform any channel closing operations or on-chain activities and rely on traditional ddos mitigation strategies otherwise. If for some reason the ddos victom can't get on chain to perform an in-process transaction the HTLC's composing the funds time out and no money is spent in that instance, all returning to its owners.
This is the exact same situation you would be in if they ddosed your bitcoin node. Because a bitcoin node is how lightning interacts with the blockchain. It *is* your bitcoin node being ddos'd. Just like how a website which monitors the blockchain for payments, a business, can't monitor for payments when they are being ddos'd. Lightning doesn't solve that issue. That said, even though the business might get ddos'd the larger network is fine in either instance, and the business can simply change IP's or other ddos mitigating strategies.
@_date: 2018-01-22 17:21:22
Transaction fees being high pay for and reinforce our security model. The higher the fees the more incentive to mine, the more secure we are. Especially in the face of so-called "spam" transactions like BCH and BTC are seeing, if the options are spam pays for the security model versus spam gets publish en masse to the blockchain to live forever without significantly changing the miner reward and pushing the attack costs onto unpaid nodes for the entire duration of the blockchains life, I'd much rather reinforce the security model.
Volatility is an advantage because it creates use cases as much as it  limits them. Traders make up a huge percentage of the population, volatility is their bread and butter. Without volatility at this point in the life cycle it would mean we've hit our potential, we've met bitcoins value and potential marketshare. Obviously we haven't and lord knows we don't want to have with only 1% market penetration.
@_date: 2018-01-08 15:45:30
What the inflation of the supply will be 5 years from now. 10 years from now. 30 years from now.
Edit: Getting a fair share of downvotes from seers who can predict what future governments will do and what future economic conditions will be across the globe. Anyone with a downvote care to share what the inflation of 2017 currency will be in a given country in 30 years?
@_date: 2018-01-03 06:32:28
I need to just take a second and talk about how cool lightning is.
It's an ACH system built by smart contracts structured in such a way as to be completely free of counter party risk. Any number of parties join in creating a channel via smart contract on the bitcoin blockchain.
The details of the opening smart contract are essentially: Lock up X funds from N parties and disburse them when a valid closing state is published by any of the parties. This is analogous to a traditional ACH relationship with another ACH or party.
This is where I think things get brilliant. Once these funds are locked up in a channel the participants can essentially trade signed transactions as cash. These signed transactions which are exchanged as promissory notes are called Hash Time Locked Contracts. They are Bitcoin blockchain publishable signed transactions which testify that a payment was made.
So the channel participants trade around these signed promises for payment until someone decides to close the payment channel. They post to the Bitcoin blockchain the end state of the channel and a 3 day contention period begins. In those 3 days any channel participant can deny that the channel was closed properly and *prove* it by publishing a transaction they were holding as cash off-chain. These promissory notes, when published, revoke the bitcoin from any potential thief and distribute it to the remaining channel participants as well as the rest of the bitcoin locked in the channel as per its final provable closing state.
Each channel is thus trustless (as these promissory notes in the form of HTLC remove any trust, the only person who can sign them is the person who controls the bitcoins). Channels can be chained together as quickly as these HTLC's can be transferred over the internet and held by their owners to be redeemed in the event of fraud.  Each channel only ever knows about its common participants, making multi-channel transactions anonymous.
I love the world we're building on top of this network of trust. It's so much fun to learn about.
@_date: 2018-01-27 16:11:43
No that's deflation. More decimal places have already been added via lighting with millisats.
Deflation = more decimal places to equate to the same value as the past
Inflation = more trailing zeros to equate to the same value as the past
@_date: 2018-01-01 20:56:21
You realize LN is a layer 2 protocol, not THE layer 2 protocol right? It's not even the first, we've had counterparty for years. We already have both L2 and L3 services. Rootstock is L2, anything built on it is L3.
@_date: 2018-01-22 20:05:28
Lots of things are secure for their use case relative to their speed, and I don't find 10 minutes slow for a decentralized value transfer network at all.
@_date: 2018-01-06 16:04:37
You don't need to worry about the syncing. Let it start synching just dump the private keys while it goes then turn it off once you have the keys.
@_date: 2018-01-09 18:55:17
This is one of the great things Bitcoin will do for the world. Power distribution is a mess to the point sometimes the power rates go negative in a given locality if the wind gets strong. Power plants have a chicken and egg problem where you need people to have demand but you need a power plant before you can have people. Bitcoin will help effectively regulate power usage to avoid enormous surges in supply. Powerplants may be expensive to turn on and off but Bitcoin miners certainly aren't.
@_date: 2018-01-05 18:53:44
You don't seem to understand how culture works which is why I suggested the aforementioned classes. Reality isn't what you think it is and if anything you're misapplying statistics to justify your backwards world view.
@_date: 2018-01-25 23:56:13
You do you brother, BTC nor BCH will judge you. Technology doesn't get resentful.
@_date: 2018-01-19 20:06:09
I win a lot of things. Every two months I get to cash in whatever new coin forks there are. I get to enjoy the security of my bitcoin savings. I can read and know what the word "here" means. Every once in a  while some supremely stupid redditor makes my day by being unable to stop embarrassing himself. Sure does feel like winning.
I hope you both keep trading and never stop this conversation. As a function of time both actions just serve to make you look like a fool.
@_date: 2018-01-05 03:58:40
Sure. How technical a description would you like?
It basically comes down to the fact that lightning has no blockchain. It's like trading signed smart contracts which are bitcoin publishable as cash, and if someone starts lying on chain you just publish your cash and it proves what happened. This means transactions can occur as quickly as you can send these smart contracts as cash over IP. Near instant transactions = near instant arbitrage.
If Bitcoin is 20500 USD at one exchange and 20000 USD at another, and both exchanges have lightning wallets you can buy at the 20000 USD exchange and then immediately sell at the 20500 USD exchange netting yourself $500 profit per coin. This works for all BTC currency pairs.
@_date: 2018-01-20 21:04:14
What's wrong with Lapps? We could also just call them Dapps since that's what they are. Ethereum is not the king of decentralization, if anything Bitcoin is.
@_date: 2018-01-08 16:44:04


That's not what we're using it for. We're using the state machine as an anchor of trust to build an entirely trustless world on. You're not thinking in layers.
@_date: 2018-01-02 21:41:30
Any singular place of storage is a bad idea. I personally keep encrypted backups of partials of my private key all over the place. Clearly you believe in the technology or at least its future of being your own bank, you've held for years, it just struck me as odd that you would rather use a bank than be your own bank in that case. Enjoy your gains!
@_date: 2018-01-22 15:34:59
Exactly what disadvantages are you imagining? The things some people think are disadvantages like fees, blocksize, conservatism, volatility are IMO huge advantages.
@_date: 2018-01-22 19:37:24
You say they prevent it from being a viable currency yet here I am with countless others transacting in Bitcoin for goods and services daily. How is it possible that I just got back from a CES trip paid entirely with Bitcoin directly and indirectly if it is unusable as a currency?
As an investment, as a long term savings account I've used Bitcoin for years. Things like the volatility have enhanced those use cases for me, so I have no idea what you think you are talking about.
Actions are louder than words and the when everyone in the community is actively doing the things you say they can't I am inclined to believe you are wrong.
@_date: 2018-01-07 16:02:44
The price has "never swung like it has in the past 3 months"? Wrong, try again.
@_date: 2018-01-06 13:32:53
The best part is you aren't the only one to take this sweet TA 1 minute candle chomping alligator seriously. Apparently a good many people don't see the clear prophetic insight of this mighty swimming alligator. My favourite was still the [raging bull pattern]( from 2 days ago. Clearly both of these patterns are quality TA as any traders who followed them made good money.
@_date: 2018-01-22 20:42:05
I pay my rent and my bills with Bitcoin and I am in Canada.
Saying it is tedious does not make it tedious, I find it as simple as online banking. The fees are whatever you are willing to pay, I literally just paid off my mastercard for a $2.00 fee and was confirmed first block.
You say a lot of things but reality keeps disagreeing.
@_date: 2018-01-22 22:42:37
How does the fact that many of the people I send BTC to sell it matter to me when exchanging it for a good or service? How does the fact that for a split second I hold a balance in Quadriga before sending it mean that Bitcoin isn't acting as my viable savings account and has been for years? Do you claim that traditional savings accounts aren't viable when the money gets moved to the chequing account before being spent?
I'm using Bitcoin. It's viable. It has been both an excellent investment and store of value for me and others. Why does that make you so salty?
@_date: 2018-01-22 20:17:15
My definition of viable is valid and active use cases. Bitcoin clearly meets it. If people were doing with pokemon cards what they are doing with bitcoin then pokemon cards would clearly have viable and active use cases as well. You are the one imposing arbitrary requirements on what is and isn't viable.
Deflationary value store cannot be used to avoid inflation? You really are playing mind games now.
@_date: 2018-01-20 15:24:21
I think there is ample proof you are the one who needs some English lessons. Enjoy holding your Bitcoin diamond.
@_date: 2018-01-01 16:11:37
Fees are rapidly dropping as the current attack takes a breather, it's getting damn expensive for whoever is doing it. As of this moment 50-70 sat/B transactions are moving.
@_date: 2018-01-09 14:17:40
The things you think are issues we think are features. If you don't like it and can't see the world we will build anchored to Bitcoin that's your loss not ours.
1. Bitcoin is the great experiment in deflationary global economics. It allows users to save and avoid local inflation like no mechanism before. We see this as a wonderful and unique feature.
2. Bitcoin is necessarily either worth hundreds of thousands per coin or nothing. It is either decentralized trust or it is nothing. It is either secure or it is nothing. We can either build on top of it or it is nothing. Expect volatility between the realization of those goals and now.
3. Transaction times for several layers on top of Bitcoin are immediate, and Bitcoin settlement times stand at 10 minutes. That is faster than any settlement engine in the world.
4. Imagine if we just invented roads and everyone in the world had to share a single road. Bitcoin is a shared resource it is natural for there to be congestion at times. Further Bitcoin is under attack by users who are paying many times the amount being transfered to consolidate hundreds of inputs. This isn't bad. If people want to pay to spam Bitcoin the only thing that happens is miners make more money and it reinforces our security model. For microtransactions second layers resolving to Bitcoin are available.
Bonus Q: Bitcoin is the network of trust. It will be an anchor we use to build a world of trustless features. Digital gold is just one thing it does.
@_date: 2018-01-09 13:11:08
What an excellent read. Thank you.
@_date: 2018-01-19 02:10:54
Lightning uses bitcoin smart contracts as currency, and instead of publishing those bitcoin transactions to the chain they are transacted directly between peers. If you have a signed transaction that gives you bitcoin if published, it's as good as bitcoin. You only need to actually publish it if someone tries to defraud you. So you can make all these offchain transactions with full assurances of the bitcoin value.
@_date: 2018-01-01 19:14:25
I say "attack" because that's what it objectively is. No legitimate use cases results in transactions with hundreds of inputs of a single satoshi sent with transaction fees thousands of times the value of the sent value sent in mass volumes simultaneously. It's not a bad thing, the worst it does is raise fees and pay miners which reinforces the security model - but pretending the volume isn't artificial or malicious is just being blind.
@_date: 2018-01-22 19:53:18
If you think SHA256 is the beginning and end of the security model of Bitcoin you really have no idea how Bitcoin works. Miners and nodes secure the protocol, SHA256 is just one hashing algorithm used in the protocol 
@_date: 2018-01-01 15:48:01
No they don't, as a great many have repeatedly stated publicly.
Quit believing things just because you heard them and start reading the meeting notes.
@_date: 2018-01-07 00:44:41
I think you underestimate the volume of illegal market activity in the world.
@_date: 2018-01-01 16:32:38
Anything built on top of a L2 platform like rootstock is L3+.
@_date: 2018-01-09 05:24:25
What does any of that have to do with the unpredictable nature of politics? I'm not some anti Fed abolish happy moron, I'm a guy who wants to be able to save his money and not have it's purchasing power drop to nothing as punishment for taking it out of circulation.
Every mechanism of the Feds operation is well documented no one is arguing about that. What we are arguing about is whether or not documentation of a process counts as transparency. Certainly not every meeting the Fed chair is in is public knowledge. Certainly not every internal.memo is public knowledge. We aren't privy to sharing the thoughts of the Fed chairman on any day and we certainly cannot predict with any accuracy what the Fed is going to do in ten years time.
That makes the Fed as an institution less transparent than software. That is simply a fact. Anyone can know 100% of every detail regarding a public algorithm. You cannot possibly know every detail of the inner workings of the Fed at a given moment. If you did you wouldn't have to wait for them to announce interest rates. You wouldn't need them to announce QE. It wouldn't need to be reported on as news. There is no news about Bitcoin fiscal policy because it was written transparently in stone 9 years ago. Can you not appreciate that world of difference? There is no means available for the Fed to even approach the transparency of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-20 22:25:05
Because both chains experience the exact same thing, and if you want to get technical about it BTC has been experiencing it longer. That's the unfair part of it. More of these transactions stay in mempool and expire on BTC (causing the "attack" to result in higher fees) while on BCH they usually get published (causing the "attack" to result in negligible fee increases since there is comparably little BCH use but explode the size of the blockchain).
There are a million things you can be critical of BCH for, focusing on something that affects everyone is an unfair criticism. The appropriate criticism is that while Bitcoin handles attacks by forcing attackers to pay for the security model, Bcash pushes the cost of attacks for the rest of the blockchains life on unpaid node runners.
@_date: 2018-01-22 21:23:15
Yeah seems we were talking around each other and never quite communicating, glad it was just a miscommunication and I'm not going crazy.
@_date: 2018-01-03 18:31:55
Q: What is the delay time for the recipient of a transaction receiving confirmation?
A: Quote from 


Payments can be confirmed nearly as fast as HTLC packets can be pushed across the desired network route.
@_date: 2018-01-19 03:56:50
I love rereading this conversation. Do you love rereading this conversation? I don't know, I guess when stupid people irrefutably display their stupidity it makes me smile.
@_date: 2018-01-29 16:18:24
I don't agree that is a big deal. The day the government needs to approve of bitcoin for it to be functional is the day I sell. I hear where you're coming from and you're not even a little bit wrong, but looking to the government for laws to enable bitcoin or definitions about what is the true bitcoin is antithetical to bitcoins existence. We are not defined by them. Our success is not reliant on government or microsofts adoption. While they may very well adopt, or make mistakes in identifying the "true" bitcoin, the amount that should impact us collectively is zero.
@_date: 2018-01-06 18:54:06
Pretty much all of those risks are identical to running other node based protocols like bitcoin or tor. Routing not being solved is essentially like saying "what if no one adopts lightning" much as tors routing problem would exist if no one adopted tor, if someone you want to make a payment to accepts it then you can open a channel with them. Centralization risk is fairly identical to tor or bitcoin centralization risk with the caveat that lightnings nodes must be decentralized and bitcoin must also be decentralized in both nodes and PoW. Legal is going to be jurisdiction by jurisdiction but again, very similar in principle to these other services. It's possible lightning will come under legal threat just as bitcoin and tor sometimes do, as it's possible for criminals to use all of these services. Nothing about lightning is special in regards to ddos attacks, just like bitcoin nodes can be ddos attacked. I guess one provision against ddos attacks being effective is you can simply route around them, all routes would need to be ddos'd to be effective.
All in all nothing really that different from running a bitcoin node or any other node protocol participant. The biggest difference is the need for a hot wallet which is a security risk.
@_date: 2018-01-01 21:17:50
You're right, god damn dangling modifiers.
@_date: 2018-01-22 20:46:08
What real world examples have you given? I just told you i pay my bills and rent with bitcoin, I go on trips with bitcoin - how are those not real tangible actual events that refute your narrative saying they are not "viable"?
UI is pretty much identical to online banking, so yeah I think it's a fair comparison. Requires similar numbers of clicks and has similar complexity.
Consider your narrative refuted.
@_date: 2018-01-05 19:58:48
So by studying and acknowledging the history of gender among different cultures I am mentally ill? This compared to others who would pretend culture begin and ends with their personal experiences. And I'm the one ill. For not ignoring data which might demonstrate a given view narrow minded. Okay.
How dare I not ignore relevant cultural examples when discussing the cultural role of gender. How dare I.
@_date: 2018-01-25 14:38:40
IMO presenting the downsides as equals isn't very fair. The security implications of storing keys in a hot wallet for the network to function are far more significant than either the requirement to be monitoring the blockchain or the change in implications of a 51% attack which is already a debilitating attack on the underlying blockchain. IMO having to use a hot wallet is the real security disadvantage here.
@_date: 2018-01-05 00:25:33


This is not true. There is substantial value for everyone in atomic swaps. Bitcoin gets to surge on the growth of fast paced break-things mentality end user functionalities while retaining its valuable decentralization and conservatism, altcoins get an emergency escape route and to rely on bitcoins decentralization in the face of government pressure, and everyone gets to interact with off chain protocols and resources.
You are so so so very wrong when you think about cryptocurrency as an us or them mentality. We are going to end up with a rich protocol web where sophisticated end user functionality is achieved by routing tasks through this web and its various layers. We are making a new kind of decentralized financially driven internet. The only reason I am only invested in BTC is because decentralization is the only for-sure winner in this space, what ends up being in use throughout the rest of this protocol web is a crapshoot. Will it be opcode capable altcoins which become popular? Will it be off chain resources? I don't know. We'll see.
@_date: 2019-07-02 01:47:05
Your rejection of the term "socialist" is a cultural product of a national propaganda abusing the word for decades. You cannot accept being anything near socialist because socialism is a demonized enemy of freedom. The propaganda has become so ingrained in your culture you can't even get healthcare that the state pays for like every other first world country - another cold war born term.
Remove yourself from your culture and maybe you'll see that Norway and Canada aren't counter examples of socialism working. Such a comparison implies Venezuela is socialist, which is why you have framed those thoughts as counter examples because they fit your predefined semantics. In reality those countries are illustrations you are using the term socialism wrong, not comparative examples at the range of success and failure of socialism.
@_date: 2018-01-18 04:18:52
And apparently neither can the guy who I started this conversation with, telling everyone to sell the bottom of a local dip.
Since you are an oracle I'm sure you know exactly what the price is going to be unlike him, which is why you told everyone to buy the dip today right?
"Timing an exit" i.e. taking profit is easy, you do it when you are in the green. Good way to reach the point of your exit is to hold until you are green. Pretty big difference between that and asserting what the price is about to be while encouraging people to trade on that information.
@_date: 2018-01-19 05:55:24
No. Latency is entirely determined by traditional factors. A route being available for a given amount is the limiting factor. Speed of transactions will be as fast as HTLC's can be sent over tcp/ip.
@_date: 2019-07-11 21:56:42
It's so much more than a speculative store of value but that's certainly a popular use case. While definitions derived from usage are coherent I prefer definitions derived from function and the truth is Bitcoin does a lot more than store value and have volatility. Those are the bootstraps with which all the rest of the things Bitcoin makes possible will come to be adopted in larger numbers.
@_date: 2018-01-05 05:01:56
Because bots are run by traders, and it will benefit everyone not just bots. It will tighten the margins between exchanges, it will do so through traders. Traders are the beneficiaries.
@_date: 2018-01-03 15:04:57


All HTLCs are single use, time sensitive, and transaction specific for this exact reason. No one has a given proof of payment except you and the single individual you paid in that single instance. It can only prove the single transaction occured and is useless beyond shouting "fraud!" in the instance that someone is lying about that transaction in the closing state of the channel. Someone else having it or using it does nothing, it's only possible function is in proving that one transaction in the instance of fraud.


There is no trusting any of the other parties, that's part of the brilliance! Because each individual channel is trustless using the mechanisms I just described - that is you can report fraud in your own channel - it makes all the channels in a given chain trustless since all parties in the chain rely on the same prehash secret (the hash part of the hash time locked contract, these contracts are unlocked by either time or a prehash). If one part of the multi channel HTLC chain is exposed it necessarily uses the prehash to unlock the contract, this unlocks everyone else in the chains HTLCs as well since they are using the same prehash and the entire transaction chain can thus be proven completed. Trust never enters the equation, these HTLCs give each channel user the tools to protect their offchain resources by proving they were paid offchain in the event anyone lies on chain. It's a system where valid on chain transactions only need to be published if someone starts trying to break the rules, thus you gain the trustless properties of blockchains and smart contracts without the need to publish every single one.
I think if you go ahead and read some of the resources on lightning you will find the attacks you are thinking about as well as the trust you think exists don't really exist at all. Seriously, it's very very interesting how the kinds of attacks you mention are thwarted, especially the common prehash multi channel hops.
@_date: 2018-01-19 19:44:28
Is that what we are calling early adopters who have held for over 5 years now? Bag holders who don't even have a measly million to their name? Someone better tell the Winklevoss they are not millionaires they are pumpkins.
@_date: 2018-01-29 02:25:26
nlocktime is a transaction property, a way to make a transaction stuck until a given block height. You could use it to, for example, keep your coins unavailable for every day but one of a month, upon which day you send them again with the same nlocktime. Think of nlocktime like a post dated cheque that locks up your funds.
I'm not sure which wallets support nlocktime, I'm only familiar with using bitcoind to use nlocktime.
@_date: 2018-01-05 01:14:54
Same way they have for the last 8 years when the same thing happens, except with immediate transfer opportunities and a bitcoin life raft. People who don't have stomach for risk won't stray into risky propositions.
@_date: 2018-01-22 21:01:17
Have you read your portion of this conversation? You claimed that fees aren't a part of the security model with a comparison to SHA256 being efficient. How is saying that fees paying miners is an important part of the security model not a specific? it doesn't get more specific. Fees pay miners, miners secure the decentralized state.
@_date: 2018-01-28 22:34:53
The solution here is to have a wallet you can spend from and a wallet you cannot except for under very inconvenient circumstances. People robbing you aren't going to collect keys from a bunch of safety deposit boxes, or wait for an absurdly long nlock time. They will take the couple thousand dollars at most you keep available and be gone. Any would be thiefs reading this and thinking of robbing me, doors open. I've got ~$1000 for ya, but I honestly couldn't give you my savings if I tried.
@_date: 2019-07-12 02:14:16
So again, if you read from the start of this comment chain, I reject the idea of a definition that is exclusive of all the active use cases simply because they are not the leading use case. Bitcoin has been used for transactions for a decade. It's a provable fact. What you are saying would be like saying the internet is strictly for consuming porn because it is the largest use case.
@_date: 2018-01-01 16:04:50
Terrible, terrible idea. Do not use this service if you want to keep your money or your paypal account.
@_date: 2019-07-28 01:47:23
If you don't want to ask the mods to try to glitch you back in I will. I miss ya.
@_date: 2019-07-12 14:48:18
So many companies take advantage of the great work done by the entire team of core contributors without ever contributing themselves. Some have even attempted to dictate the direction of the volunteer development without contributing any resources or time.
Between bitmex research and this grant it's nice to see a successful bitcoin company doing things the right way.  Bitmex is far from perfect but their actions are also significantly more pro-bitcoin than any other bitcoin exchange or derivatives platform I could name. Thanks Arthur and the rest of the bitmex team and thanks fanquake for your continued contributions to the space!
@_date: 2019-07-27 01:07:24
Honestly, I'd unban you if I could. The truth is there are several people now in your position where they were temporarily kicked and cannot rejoin chat. I remember doing it too, you were always an over the top character and one day like you say had a bad day and just let loose on a couple people with a handful of resulting reports. Nothing worth a permaban.
There is one trick that is rumored to work but I haven't seen it successful yet. If you want to message mod mail, link them to this comment, and ask someone to ban and urban you from the reddit you **may** get back in the chat when they urban you. I'm not actually sure if I have subreddit banning and unbanning powers yet, I'm taking it slow while I figure out what all these buttons do.
@_date: 2019-07-31 05:44:40
Finally got my watchtower up with this release though I had a lot of issues building using go and windows. Releases other than the last two were a lot smoother. For this one I ran into so many headaches I uninstalled/updated go and started from scratch.
@_date: 2019-07-16 08:13:15
What's "great for bitcoin" is fairly subjective. You are probably defining what's great for bitcoin as what is great for bitcoin's price or adoption in the short term. Another definition might be what results in positive outcomes for the protocol. A bitcoin ban would not be the death of bitcoin but would be a further exhibition and hardening of its censorship resistant properties. It would be the death of hostile actors like coinbase. It would elevate bitcoin to the world stage. There are many potential benefits to the US engaging in a vain war on bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-05 17:53:12
Maybe it's you and he who have a warped vision. In the here and now Bitcoin, Bitcoin Core, and the dozen other implementations are doing fine without either of your support so I can't say I'm too concerned. Engineers gunna engineer, CEOs and entrepreneurs gunna pontificate.
@_date: 2019-07-14 17:47:42
One of the best resources for new and intermediate users alike. Highly recommended.
@_date: 2019-07-16 02:34:52
I really wish the US would outright ban bitcoin if only so the front page could stop being irrelevant US political content after the initial event.
@_date: 2019-07-04 17:41:39
I saw you posting in chat yesterday cursing the price and wondering why anyone pays anything for bitcoin at all. At the time I thought you were just engaging in FUD, but I see now you were just on the wrong end of a really bad trade. I hope everything is okay and you don't risk more than you can afford to lose. Stay safe friend.
@_date: 2019-07-29 03:57:25
Yes. I get such genuine pleasure from learning about Bitcoin and walking through BIPs and projects. It has been an enormous boon in my professional life and deeply satisfying in my personal life. It has also given me the kind of financial control that has only ever previously belonged to nations and the banks they permit. I have a lot to be thankful to the many people who have contributed to this ecosystem for.
@_date: 2019-07-19 14:45:29
What caught my attention in her testimony was specifically talking about how corporate interests have attempted to direct bitcoin development for the benefit of their own business interests and been thwarted. She seems to understand the significance of that event and did a good job explaining it to lawmakers as an example of Bitcoin's battle tested decentralization.
@_date: 2018-01-28 16:51:10
There are a lot of ways. Private keys can be encrypted and scattered between safety deposit boxes and lawyers (Winkelvoss). You can require an entire companies board of directors to use a multisig key to make any transactions from an offline wallet (bitmex). Don't keep your keys on an internet connected device or in one place and you're generally pretty secure.
Also, sign all your transactions offline!
@_date: 2019-07-01 23:39:19
Most of the world is socialist. This is what dictatorship looks like. The American sphere of influence has attempted to redefine socialism to mean what you are describing, but it doesn't for the rest of us. Warning people not to vote for socialism is to ignore that social democracy is the global norm.
The horrors of dictatorship are certainly as horrible as you describe and social benefit is often the cover used by dictators, but don't confuse the two. Using an ideology for manipulative and dictatorial purposes is not the same as the ideology itself in either theory or practice.
@_date: 2019-07-07 17:13:47
Don't brigade other subs, it's not a good look.
@_date: 2019-07-11 16:53:23
The distinction between spending and selling is pretty minor. Do what makes the most financial sense for your situation. Often that means selling because it's a better rate than spending. Sometimes it means the opposite when merchants include bitcoin discounts. IMO people shouldn't engage in worse deals out of ideological purity.
@_date: 2019-07-14 04:59:47
Consensus is not a democracy. There is no voting and there is no equality of participation. Everyone is free to decide their own validation rules and what they mine but a Nash equilibrium keeps all parties working towards the networks best interests. Anyone with enough hash power can dictate the blockchain state for those that accept their blocks. Hash power costs money making it a self validating economic security model. Not a democracy.
@_date: 2019-07-10 14:27:29
It's a broken metric that is manipulated by every coin released. You are better off looking at a volume weighted dominance than marketcap.
@_date: 2019-07-27 01:25:05
Close. Alice would see Bob is offline and gamble he isn't using a watchtower. She would then send a stale closing state that favors her over Bob. Bob then has the resolution time of the channel to come back online and broadcast a justice transaction to claim Alice's funds and recover his own. If he doesn't Alice gets however much of his funds were hers in the old channel state.
The other scenario is Bob makes a mistake and broadcasts a stale channel state, then Alice sends a justice transaction and takes Bob's side of the channel entirely as punishment for the attempted fraud.
@_date: 2019-07-20 16:10:24
Honestly if some of those bad actors would do the 180 coinshares seems to have, producing useful and quality research that enhances our understanding of this space and being public advocates of the side of that debate they were not on, I would be a lot kinder to them as I am coinshares recently.
@_date: 2019-07-14 14:40:34
Self validation is not consensus since no one has to agree with you. It's an enormous difference. There is no tyranny of the majority, it is impossible for your self validation to mean anything outside what it means to you individually. Consensus is an emergent property of the Nash equilibrium.
@_date: 2019-07-13 00:35:38
There is already crypto mining happening in Iran if you believe some of the other stories and pictures posted to this sub.
@_date: 2019-07-18 01:20:00
I have really been enjoying Coinshares work lately and it seems that is because they employ an extremely competent team.
Edit: If you're like me and wanted to watch the entire testimony of Ms. Demirors this is a link to the end of her opening statement 
@_date: 2019-07-07 17:25:54
Ethereum is a great example of everything wrong with altcoins.
1. Centralized to the point that the Ethereum foundation can call off a fork hours before it is scheduled to occur, something impossible in a decentralized space.
2. Unscalable. The ethereum blockchain is so bloated their scaling strategy is to entirely abandon it. Not exactly what I would call immutable when you are discarding the entire chain.
3. Dangerous. When the people who invented the environment can screw up smart contracts so bad that they have to fork the entire chain to stop their own hacks what chance does everyone else have? Ethereum is just enough rope to hang yourself with and we see it constantly with smart contract "hacks".
People excited about ethereum tech don't understand it or that anything altcoins can do is better done in layers on bitcoin secured by bitcoins PoW.
@_date: 2018-01-20 21:55:53
That's not a very fair criticism. Both chains have had their blocks bloated by transactions with enormous numbers of tiny inputs - unlike these consolidating transactions which are actually moving value. We have routinely seen BTC and BCH blocks where the majority of blockspace is consumed by these transactions.
@_date: 2019-07-03 19:26:35
I know! I am so perpetually excited and enthralled by the rapid maturation this ecosystem is undergoing. Makes me truly dumbstruck when people claim things aren't moving fast enough, like they expect end user solutions to be dramatically improved weekly.
@_date: 2019-07-09 19:12:55
I really don't think this post belongs in this sub as much as I agree with the sentiment. There needs to be a buttcoincash sub or something.
@_date: 2019-07-12 16:38:15
This is the kind of content I'm in this community for. A great write up.
@_date: 2017-12-21 07:34:28
Yes, I tried to explain in as simple terms as I possibly could because you clearly have no understanding of the underlying technology. Unlike you I didn't do it to be rude, I did it because you don't understand on a technical level how the bittorrent protocol is implemented. Instead of even trying to digest those explanations you became offended.


If you don't need decentralization you should look for distributed systems. Decentralization is grossly inefficient, literally the most inefficient method of data storage and verification. Go make PayPal 2.0. I see the value of decentralization as a platform, who cares that you can't?
You should enjoy bcash, I honestly wish the best for you and it - but don't pretend you have any idea what you're talking about when it comes to software, protocols, or decentralization. Whether you feel it or not when you say very dumb things like torrents are decentralized you are just embarrassing yourself.
@_date: 2019-07-27 05:45:38
So long as the other party closed honestly the money should be recoverable by the seed.
Edit: see u/guggero_lightning 's post for a description of why this is wrong, but you might be able to use OP's tool to recover in that situation.
@_date: 2019-07-12 19:38:29
Check out the stickied post on payment channels. It's not so overly technical that it's inaccessible to non technical people and offers a wonderful retrospective on how we evolved to where we are now. If you need some incentive beyond the simple joy of learning about bitcoin, then know it also illustrates some of the ways bcash supporters are misinformed and that's always fun too.
@_date: 2019-07-27 18:15:19
Thanks for this correction!
@_date: 2019-07-02 02:04:56
Nope. Is there something I said you're having trouble digesting?
@_date: 2018-01-18 17:09:12
You think what you need to man. I don't know many people who hear I've been holding since at least 2014, advocating holding as an investment strategy, and believe I am poor as a result - so maybe you are illiterate?
@_date: 2019-07-02 18:33:38
Thanks as always for the fast talking and somehow even faster release cycle roasbeef.
@_date: 2019-07-27 18:20:50
People write updates for software, and software runners choose to run it or not. It's a manual process. Different repos have different governance structures to determine what does and doesn't get included main releases, but anyone can run their own version as well and no one is forced to use a given release of a given software.
@_date: 2019-07-13 17:52:38
You should expand on the OP's work in the same format in the comments here. I would personally love to read more.
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:15:51
What exchange you use matters a lot less than where you leave your coins sitting. Not your keys not your coins. Use whoever seems reputable at a given moment as an intermediary but no more.
@_date: 2017-12-06 03:35:35
Nothing like looking back and realizing you gambled and lost over 100k.
@_date: 2019-07-02 06:36:33
1. I wasn't reply or talking to you.
2. I describe the rejection of a term not an ideology.
Not everyone may be 14, but I'm willing to bet some 14 year olds are literate enough to tell the difference between a discussion of etymology and a discussion of ideology.
@_date: 2017-12-28 18:26:04
It's an interesting look into the mind of a crazy person, I'll give you that.
@_date: 2017-12-24 02:24:14
We have a responsibility to think of ten years from now not just tomorrow. If we want to preserve a decentralized future we must build in layers.
Bitcoin is not a business. We are not interested in short term profit at the expense of long term survivabiity. We are a protocol and as participants we are part of the worlds first and most decentralized network. We will preserve those attributes.
It's not that we have no sympathy for users, or don't want lower fees ourselves. But these attributes of decentralization which are so globally unique are under attack and we must protect them. There are a million ways to transact value for cheap. While we'd like to be one of them and intend to be again in the future, we don't find it acceptable to trade being the only one of something in the world for being one of a million. We don't share your panic about this issue and in fact have evidence that the panic is being manufactured through transaction spam.
@_date: 2019-07-23 17:32:15
Yes, these points echo coinshare's research claims that ~78% is renewables curtailment. I was very happy to see this part of the discussion and critical examinations of the doomsayers arguments. Overall a relatively objective article.
@_date: 2017-12-27 21:44:55
Which is why we are all running segwit2x right?
@_date: 2017-12-21 05:05:06
I know that from the laymen's perspective it might seem like torrents are decentralized but they require a "tracker" which acts as the sort of brains of the operation. They effectively tell clients where they can find peers and what parts are in the file. Trackers are centralized and a pivotal part of the bittorrent protocol. 
That's what is so very unique about Bitcoin. It requires no centralized entity. What Bcash and even ethereum are doing by creating blockchains that explode in resource cost and size  as a function of time is creating a future where they operate exactly like torrents, with a few major entities acting as the entire network backbone. It's a problem Bitcoin faces as well, we are just minimizing it's affect by keeping blocks smaller than our competitors. When was the last time you synced a full node? I had to last month, it took 4 days and a dedicated hard drive - with over 50% of the time spent downloading and verifying just the last year and a half. Can you even imagine what it will be like in 10 years at our current rate of growth?
There has never been a decentralized network before Bitcoin. There is no entity in the protocol which acts as the brains or does the work of an authority like there is in torrents.
@_date: 2017-12-01 18:09:59
@_date: 2019-07-24 20:27:02
As far as I am concerned KYC and the regulations mandating it are some of the most severe attack surfaces available today. They are so often an after thought and poorly managed.
Buddy of mine just got a mortgage with one of the largest providers in the US about 6 months ago. Last week he found his accounts drained, his credit cards maxed, and his sim swapped using the exact KYC information he provided for the mortgage. Still dealing with the fallout but his bitcoin is okay.
@_date: 2017-12-11 22:09:49
If that is truly an objective and unbiased assessment what is keeping you from shorting? As a function of time surely the asset will trend to its intrinsic value, even if that time span is years. With billions of dollars of liquidity, cash settled futures markets from established institutional exchanges, what is stopping you?
@_date: 2019-07-11 23:51:47
PoW is literally the most expensive form of immutability on the planet. You can leverage it to do any manner of thing whether that be financial sovereignty, instant p2p payments, or an anchor to establish state of an external system. The function of those systems can be as varied as is the entire altcoin space for example. Anything being imagined that altcoins are applied to is better implemented off chain in layers where it can both scale and be secure.
@_date: 2019-07-12 01:51:40
It can be and is used for transactions right now which is why I take issue with definitions that exclude any use but the most prominent.
@_date: 2017-12-30 17:55:38
Trying to explain to frustrated users who want lower fees that the short term doesn't matter, that panicking at fee attacks is exactly the wrong response to secure the network is like trying to convince someone to eat a salad instead of a pizza because it's better for them in the long term. Users aren't thinking long term.
Someone wants to attack bitcoin and it's costing them an arm and a leg in their attempt. The effectiveness of that attack is entirely up to you and your reactions.
Take a minute and just marvel at the wonder that is Bitcoin. We're part of a network which doesn't need to make DDoS type attacks illegal, just expensive, and when we do get the equivalent of DDoS attacked the people trying to attack the network end up paying for the network infrastructure and further securing it. *DDoS attacks end up further securing our network*, how amazing is that? Lets see Mastercard pull that trick off.
Is it frustrating that fees are high? Yes. Is there a plan for combating high fees and re-enabling low fee and quick confirming transactions in the face of an ongoing attack? Yes, we're building L2 solutions. While we wait for those solutions to come to fruition however lets just bask in the glory that is our economic security model and rejoice, lets make our attacker spend as much money as possible for as little return as can be imagined. No panic, just glee that millions of dollars can be spent attacking us and result in no denial of service at all.
Truly this is what decentralization and the economic security model is all about. We cannot be stopped, at worst we can be temporarily inconvenienced and the incentive for our miners further reinforced. I find that absolutely beautiful.
@_date: 2017-12-18 17:54:17
Lightning transactions will have very small fees - due both to the nature of the infrastructure and competition driving fees down. Those fees go to nodes which route transactions. We don't yet know how small those fees will be, I personally imagine coinjoin will always pay more to service providers but I'm not interested in helping people launder their money.
@_date: 2019-07-12 21:21:19
ADL is pretty messed up as it can lead to positions in profit being force closed. They didn't make their insurance funds public - maybe they do now. They used to be some of the most vocal critics of okexchange and 100x leverage until they adopted it themselves. They still replace references to okex with "the woodchipper", which it is, but it's the pot calling the kettle black at this point. Of course they also support a horde of shitcoins.
No ones perfect. They do things right. They do things wrong. On balance they do a better job than their peers if you ask me.
@_date: 2017-12-04 19:56:27
I can't wait for someone to try what you are proposing, they will get rekt. 33% flash crash just like the last dozen flash crashes followed by immediate bounce as shorters eat dirt and the other spot markets arb. Also finding $250 million in shorts on a market that has yet to even have a book implies at least $250 million in futures buyers. You think they are just going to watch this happen without making proportional moves themselves? You're nuts.
@_date: 2017-12-11 19:59:15
Is it even remotely possible your understanding of Bitcoin is incomplete and you are projecting what you value Bitcoin at instead of what the people here or the market value Bitcoin at?
I personally won't be selling my bitcoin at these prices. If I sell them how would I be my own bank?
@_date: 2017-12-14 18:42:13
Bitcoin already has a definition and value. If the only impetus to change this is the rising value, do you also propose changing the definition of bitcoin every factor of 100? Seems like a very short sighted and confusing idea.
@_date: 2017-12-14 16:23:04
Bitcoin transfers are not affected. P2P exchanges like  are not affected. Local P2P trades like localbitcoins an mycelium are not affected.
I see many avenues to spend bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-25 16:38:03
It relies on decentralized payment processors. Not decentralized with the same security model as Bitcoin, much like Bcash or Ethereum or Litecoin don't as network agents have the same security model. 
Ethereum has as much decentralization as it can currently afford. Any more would prohibit function much the way some functions are prohibited by Bitcoin such as instantaneous payments and turing complete smart contracts.
This is why people started making altcoins in the first place, they wanted to make something like Bitcoin but with a different balance of priorities.
With atomic swaps between on chain and off chain resources, what has been done is create layer segregated function. We can accomplish the same job we have been doing with altcoins - experiment with different feature sets and decentralization models - but while being completely interoperable with each other in a decentralized manner anchored to bitcoin. In this way we can preserve Bitcoins most unique function - decentralization - and use it as an anchor for all these new and existing protocols. Bitcoin becomes the "base" layer in a protocol stack enabling all manner of disparate concerns and end user enabling functionality.
Lighting is just a proposed layer in this protocol stack which enables anonymity, fungility, transaction speed, and cheaper transactions. BCash could be a layer in it, all they have to do is establish an atomic swap between Bitcoin and wait as decentralized marketplaces emerge, then end user function built increasingly reliant on features from both protocols. That's effectively what Litecoin is doing. Off chain resources like lightning don't use a blockchain other than the one they publish to to open and close channels. The truth is no one knows how decentralized the lightning network will be in a given moment. There are 4 factors which will measure lightnings decentralization.
1. The number of its nodes
2. The independence of its nodes
3. The geographic distribution of its nodes
4. The decentralization of Bitcoin
Because Lightning doesn't have a blockchain and relies entirely on Bitcoin for PoW it can scale! Solving the blockchain scaling problem is most brilliantly solved by not scaling a blockchain! Instead we can insert Bitcoin into a potentially decentralized protocols security model where PoW would otherwise be and instead Bitcoin can at as the security of its state.
So I understand why you are frustrated as an end user. You want a function and to you these seem like reasonable sacrifices. **Bitcoin is the money of the future**, it's even the money of right now to a degree. You might as well be telling an early computer scientist that getting computers to talk to each other is obtuse as imaginable and will never catch on. You aren't wrong, you just aren't seeing the bigger picture.
Edit: Now that you've really got me thinking about it you don't ever trust lightning nodes. The first 3 factors only affect the ability for information gathering or at bare minimum node numbers channel availability. With the total lack of ability to steal funds or impact the lower network under any circumstances the impact of decentralization is very different, mostly observational like TOR.
@_date: 2017-12-31 21:18:58
Wait, are you telling me that unless Core proposes an immediate block size increase that there must not be support for a blocksize increase among Core developers?
Many do support such an increase, many don't. Most don't believe it's life or death either way, but if you participated at all in the Core development process you would know they don't introduce consensus changes. They expect the community to introduce and evaluate such changes. More than that, Core runs on the same principles as does the IETF. They are a conservative body which doesn't push forward improvements or changes if there is any significant unaddressed dissent. These are things you'd know if you read those news letters. There is no increase planned because from a technical perspective they are fairly difficult to justify it he context of the current road map. Only when you start thinking about user experience and quality of life does the current congestion become immediately pressing - and the community had their chance with 2x to do something about it.
@_date: 2017-12-12 00:06:57
I like bitmex. You have to buy bitcoin first but they have the most liquidity and the highest margin (100x), No credit checks. Seriously though, I am legitimately scared for you. Please do not short with money you can't afford to lose. You are not the first or the last to believe BTC is overvalued and the rate of success in calling the top of the bull market has historically been low. Very very very low.
@_date: 2017-12-21 07:14:11
It's absolutely not binary, which is why I use the phrase "first and most decentralized". I understand you're embarrassed about not understanding that torrents are a distributed protocol not a decentralized one, but trying to condescend back at me isn't a productive method of making your point. Trackers get shut down all the time every year, that's a fact. When they do their torrents become unavailable. They only exist in safe havens that allow them and their purpose is as authority figures in the protocol. Bitcoin is trustless. There is no such authority figure or lynch pin that can take down entire segments or functionalities of the network. It's the difference between distributed and decentralized.
You sound like you've been drinking Roger Vers kool aid. It sounds really good if you have no idea what you're talking about but on any inspection it all falls apart - just like you have in this conversation.
@_date: 2019-07-27 00:47:07
You're largely correct. Assuming you had kept your seed words but lost your channel state and backups and weren't sharing the latest channel state with a watchtower you are reliant on the other party to honestly close the channel. If they don't you could possibly lose funds because you lack the resources required to create a justice transaction.
You could also lose funds by creating a closing transaction without the most recent state and being subject to your channel peers justice transaction.
@_date: 2017-12-18 19:08:36
That's not an outrageous concern. We've moved very far from our technically inclined user base roots in the last 5 years. I'm not sure how to best educate new users, or if r/bitcoin's frontpage should even be the place to do it. I think new communities, learning resource communities, should best address this dedicated concern. Doing it here makes a great resource for one population of people but alienates the rest of us. I view r/bitcoin as more of a community hub, where everyone participates and communicates without a singular purpose or goal.
@_date: 2017-12-31 18:26:20
If you want any serious criticisms of the poorly thought out ideas buried in this mountain of absurdity you'll have to seriously reevaluate your writing style. Has nothing to do with politeness, has everything to do with coherency. You're a raving lunatic man. If you read any of that would you offer anything substantive to rebuke with? No, it's an entire waste of time and effort. No productive conversation can exist with a person deluded enough to write that hot mess.
Bring it up to a fourth grade reading level please.
@_date: 2017-12-23 19:17:50
I work in software as do I'm sure a lot of early adopters. My experiences are biased towards technically inclined populations. While they may often start as dismissive or only curious about getting rich, with enough exposure a significant percent do end up seeing the technology not the investment.
@_date: 2017-12-11 20:01:27
I just assume when people say Bitcoin and centralized in the same sentence they are referring to the unique network property of decentralization which before 2009 didn't exist.
@_date: 2017-12-10 19:38:29
Not true. No other crpytocurrencies prioritize decentralization the way Bitcoin does, which is the singular principle which enables individual financial sovereignty. Every single one of them sacrifices degrees of decentralization for features and functionality. Someone is asking why bitcoin won't lose out to more feature rich coins? The answer is because those features are mutually exclusive with decentralization. This is why we intend to build in layers.
More over no other cryptocurrency has comparable market liquidity. Has comparable attack cost. More well tested reliability. It is by far the better of its competitors in this use case of being your own bank. 
It's this same reason why altcoins and private blockchains are going to eventually migrate in favor of L2+ protocols. None of the existing private blockchains or altcoins resolve to the most decentralized network on the planet. The credibility of their state, their interoperability with other members of the protocol stack, these will be the features which bring altcoins back home. Atomic swaps make me all kinds of hot and bothered.
We're going to end up with an interwoven protocol web, enabling functionality of all kinds imaginable. The entire cryptocurrency community is going to have benefited from their parallel development and solving of individual problems as we enable sophisticated end user functionality by building smart contracts to bridge these networks.
@_date: 2017-12-14 16:00:45


No. You and a few other people have a major issue. Bitcoin works perfectly for me.


Bitcoin has a 10 minute minimum delay for commerce and a natural minimum transaction value. I continue to use bitcoin for appropriate transactions i.e. not buying coffee.


This is the absolutely insane part of this argument. I've never paid a $10 fee in my life. YOU CHOOSE THE FEE. How entitled is it to proclaim "My use case is the most important and thus all my transactions must settle before anyone else - *but it has to be cheap because even though my transactions are way more important than other use cases I'm unwilling to pay for it*"


Cryptos already fill the voids Bitcoin leaves but they don't do the same job of decentralization. Trying to compete on a fee level with effectively centralized services is impossible ad would be self destructive to the one property they can't out compete us on. We are the most valuable blockchain in the world. Demand has consequences.
People who think about this problem the way you do are wrong to believe bitcoins use to buy coffee is an all or nothing value proposition. The vast majority of use cases do not require microtransactions or super low fees. We are building a framework to support additional use cases such as those you desire, but to pretend that those use cases are bitcoins primary function or value is absurd.
More than all of this the gall of the community to proclaim themselves as experts in this field, engineers able to evaluate and scale a first of its kind decentralized global network. Do you have any appreciation for how nuts this now THREE YEAR long conversation is? Why does every joe-blow think they are even qualified to comment on these proposals let alone insist on their passage? This is not how scaling conversations go on the mailing list and for very good reason.
@_date: 2019-07-01 21:09:44
Why? Coinbase is no easier than any other service. They are if anything active enemies of the protocol, supporting alts willing to subsidize their costs and being part of the spearhead attempting to take over Bitcoin itself.
The only reason people use coinbase is advertising and mindshare. Stop being part of that problem by encouraging people to use them.
@_date: 2017-12-31 22:18:37
Concerted by a few maybe. Many peoples primary objection to the NYA was the way it was proposed - birthed in a back room with a handful of large companies CEOs. It is antithetical to Bitcoin and certainly to its consensus. These companies did not devote any developer resources to the problem, they did not seek input from the reference implementation developers, they dictated to a group of passionate anti-establishment volunteers participating in a  decentralized network how they were going to build their network. That some number became passionately opposed is no real surprise. The other major objection was the timetable was created entirely without developer input. We saw the results when it launched. It wasn't a responsible agreement. It was a bad idea. We're still rolling out support for segwit and you want to add a testing schedule for a major hard fork on top of that? I can see why it failed.
@_date: 2017-12-24 23:29:07
Decentralization is a measure of the cost to disable an authority-less distributed network. Bitcoin is more decentralized because it has a large number of independent, distributed, politically aware nodes and miners. The cost to control or attack the majority of the nodes and miners is the measure of each Bitcoin and Litecoins decentralization. Bitcoins more expensive asic mining environment makes these costs to attack higher than the comparable cost of a virus or the requisite GPU farm.
@_date: 2019-07-27 15:17:15
There are no coins. It's a CFD. If you trade on robinhood you are not trading bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-04 20:24:13


No shit I just said that, twice. Are you illiterate?


People were arbing with millions in 2013. You do the math on what their holdings are now.
Yes people will make money shorting and causing small dips, they always have. It's not going to cause anything more than a dip and a bounce though, for the very reason you just mention - there are buyers on the other side of those 250 million contracts and 25k contracts is a pittance to the available volume.
Im sorry but you clearly have zero trading experience and have no idea what youre talking about.
@_date: 2018-09-06 02:01:11
If you think dns is the problem buy namecoin or install any number of existing solutions to a non-problem. I am only responding to things you say explicitly. If you find the response incoherent maybe the statement it is responding to was incoherent. You are the one that implied even the possibility of a disconnect between private and public keys.
I don't claim to know everything, I claim you know very little. Those are different things. The claim is based on your own words.
@_date: 2019-07-24 19:35:52
I think this 15 BTC channel is one of if not still the biggest.
@_date: 2017-12-31 16:58:28
You're entitled to your opinion. Many of us are looking very far beyond what the fees are in a given 2 month period. We see trustless network properties and the future we can build on them. We see decades of history and attempts to build solutions like this only to fail to centralization. You see transaction fees. We're just looking at entirely different worlds. You're trying to see how bitcoin fits into your world and I'm trying to envisage a new world all together.
@_date: 2017-12-23 17:22:22
As much as I dislike Coinbase I dislike the absurd way this community behaves more. With so many credible reasons to denounce Coinbase this is what you want to talk about? Lets talk about Trumps hands while we're at it.
@_date: 2018-09-14 21:04:41
I love anything that includes "Several annoying bugs fixed". Good job everyone involved.
@_date: 2017-12-18 20:08:47
Wow those are some really good points, specifically the second. I wonder if abnormal routing paths towards super high fee nodes would be notable through network observation. You're right, this could use more research.
I'm all for fungibility but I'm not looking to personally profit off enabling someones criminal activity.
@_date: 2018-09-07 07:04:02
Banks have never controlled bitcoin, Fud however moves the market in strange ways. We don't say china controls bitcoin because of all the instances chinese bans affected price.
@_date: 2018-09-08 16:57:41
There is no blockchain, only Bitcoin.
The best resource debunking the insane claims in this space continues to be Bitmex Research.
@_date: 2017-12-17 21:08:06








@_date: 2017-12-18 19:44:47
In this case a launderer would be sending a lightning transaction routed through my node among many others, with the end destination being himself. My understanding is that unlike a coinjoin with multiple inputs purposefully combined to obfuscate origin a lightning route can be plainly followed through each hop. Is that not the case?
@_date: 2018-09-12 18:09:07
No, what they propose is raising the blocksize when necessary - which all evidence makes clear it is not.
@_date: 2018-09-13 07:57:39
I love him, he is genuinely crazy. Someone get this man on a reality show!
@_date: 2017-12-12 02:38:53
Some of that content is absurd. Especially the comment about security. The guy can't distinguish between bitcoin and his personal computer in point  His understanding of the intrinsic value entirely ignores the unique network properties of bitcoin or its applications. He also ignores typical financial strategies for valuing networks. He focuses solely on mining. He further assumes he must be right because as he notes, no one is commenting on his articles or paying him any kind of attention at all.
This guy who has no understanding at all about the subject is the person you expect to value it properly?
@_date: 2018-09-22 23:40:57
Because you have posted links to this specific site 22 times in the last week alone across reddit.
@_date: 2017-12-23 02:32:22
While I think there are some basic principles everyone should follow like not investing money you can't afford to lose, we aren't playing the same game. You're trading an investment. I'm part of an open source community and network protocol that I happen to be invested in. You think of things like buying low and selling high, you think of market share and valuation - and I think about things like node distribution and schnorr signatures. You judge me and my peers by your standards but that doesn't impact us because we're playing an entirely different game than you are with different end goals and priorities.
You would sell at 1000's of percent gains in anything, any rational person making decisions based on their quality as an investment would. I would. The bitcoin investors who sold have. This is why you think the market is irrational. You have no other available way to shape your thoughts about bitcoin than as an investment. 
I'm a software engineer, I think about it as a technology not an investment. For me in the most immediate context that technology is being my own bank. I only sell what I need to, much as money only leaves your savings account when you spend it. I was happy with the price at $200, I'll be happy with the price wherever it is tomorrow. So long as I'm happy with the technology I'm not selling, I'm in an accumulating and saving phase of my life. Even right now Bitcoin allows me to act as my own financial agent with financial sovereignty. I have observed its value and functions grow over time. It's the first deflationary currency on a global stage. It's the first and most decentralized network - possibly the only one the planet will ever be able to afford to have. The end user functionality which could be built on this platform is near endless. You fantasize about disrupting an industry and getting in early? I fantasize about a technology like the internet, being able to disrupt almost every industry. Owning Bitcoin is like owning part of the network topology of the internet since it's the only way to utilize the network.
So yeah, you think my perspective is really funny - I think your perspective is really funny, and we both think we're experts in what we're talking about. But we're talking about two totally different things. Is there a lot you could teach us all about trading? I'm sure there is. But is that really relevant to what we're doing here? I don't need to be an expert trader to either make money from bitcoin as an investment or participate in it as a technology.  To me it looks like a bunch of financial professionals talking about things they don't really understand, and consequently can't possibly be expected to accurately value, while authoritatively giving advice in an inherently authority-less environment. Can you imagine why that looks so funny to us? It's almost as funny as the people who view Bitcoin as a get rich quick scheme or their opportunity to learn how to day trade and immediately lose their nut. This got long winded and off topic. I'm done raving now.
@_date: 2018-09-10 18:59:13
Well thank you, I am an asshole. I agree unrealized ideas aren't worth shit, that doesn't mean I want to give them away either if it's a project I want to pursue.
I'm aware of moneyonchain and makerdao, if you are satisfied that those examples are less trusting than this gemini solution thus fulfilling the need some here have for such a description then we have nothing to argue about, we agree on all the above. Especially the part where I am an asshole.
@_date: 2018-09-29 16:13:53
I think an enormous number of developers are privately sponsored, just as in Bitcoin. Again, this is how open source software works.
@_date: 2018-09-27 04:51:33
Only telling it how it is. You understanding isn't the difference between FUD and not, and your reactions continue to betray an insecurity that makes me genuinely sad for you. These are just the facts.
Put in a language you might understand:
"Haha, fucking dumbass. Cry more, though that won't help you understand what FUD is or how this bug works"
@_date: 2017-12-21 04:37:05


Name one.
@_date: 2018-09-27 04:34:49
You understanding isn't the deciding factor between something being FUD or not.
@_date: 2018-09-21 01:33:23
You mean let someone else hold Bitcoin.
Meaning buyers of this never interact with Bitcoin as a protocol or unit of account in any meaningful way. They aren't using Bitcoin at all.
I don't give a lot of consideration to gamblers (aka accredited investors) looking to get rich, which seems to be the only use case for such a vehicle.
@_date: 2017-12-21 04:30:46
Confirmations are happening in the same time frames they always have, 1 block on average every 10 minutes give and take a couple minutes depending on miner fluctuations - I don't know where you're getting slow confirmations from.
Fees are right now nuts, yep. Do I think it's good or bad for bitcoin? Bitcoin is a protocol. I don't think it impacts Bitcoin. It's probably bad for public adoption but I'm not an expert on that nor is that my immediate concern. Would I personally like to see them lower for my own use? Absolutely, and I see a path forward for lower fee transactions in layer 2 solutions. But I would rather pay near any fee than give up Bitcoins decentralization. Bitcoin could go years with "unaffordable" fees and still be the most decentralized network on the planet.


Bitcoin is designed to be a decentralized network. All other functions, be they as a cash transaction system, a settlement system, digital gold, triple entry accounting, traditional market hedge, being your own bank - or *anything* else that bitcoin exists as an end use to users flows directly from decentralization. We *cannot* throw away decentralization because the fees have become too high for many use cases. It's regrettable, but it's necessary. Just like every other protocol ever to adopt widespread success we intend to build in layers so that all these desirable functions can be met with separate and modular concern. It is entirely impractical that 10 years from now every user in the world records their coffee transactions and reddit tips in the worlds decentralized blockchain. That will necessarily centralize it and ruin everything we've worked towards.
@_date: 2018-09-15 17:29:13
Old old news by an author who doesn't understand the need for market makers.
@_date: 2018-09-26 07:39:13
I imagine you mean will hold Bitcoin on your behalf while you hold nothing at all.
@_date: 2018-09-15 16:51:27
Bitmex is great. Don't over leverage is the real advice. I won't go over 2x personally.
@_date: 2018-09-15 01:34:48
There are many uses for this protocol of trust. It need not only be cash. This is something Roger for example cannot grasp, but resolving trust to the blockchain is imo the real killer app - not payment. Payments too sure, but trust is the real innovation here. I want a low trust future.
@_date: 2018-09-07 00:16:45
They can't get what I won't sell. Holders not affected.
@_date: 2017-12-31 22:30:36
Inviting a developer and them not showing is not seeking input from the reference implementation developers. It's a token effort. Core is not a person, it is not one thing. it is not good or bad, it is not angels or devils. It is a bunch of unique people with individual goals participating in a protocol implementation.
@_date: 2018-09-15 16:45:04
They have been on mainnet since January.
@_date: 2017-12-22 22:54:14
we've seen so many dips like this in 2017 alone, what makes this one so special?
@_date: 2017-12-16 20:32:47
Holy shit in that video there was actually usable trading advice likely to net a profit for listeners. On CNBC. About bitcoin. What the fuck is going on here?
@_date: 2018-09-23 09:04:09
By transactions being routed in a direction that balances the channel.
@_date: 2018-09-05 04:39:48


That will never ever be the majority. The issue is people won't educate themselves if they are given options to avoid it.
Your idea that there is no demand for custodial services is as easy to disprove as is estimating coinbases market share.
@_date: 2018-09-08 19:49:15
In some places they already do.
@_date: 2018-09-25 00:53:56
There is a pretty wide disagreement over what "fundamentals" mean in this space. IMO fundamentals are things like node count and cost to attack, hashpower and development resources. I have seen many people call TA or adoption assumptions or SEC bullshit "fundamentals".
@_date: 2017-12-31 16:38:09
Blockspace is valuable and if cheap and available enough will have near unlimited demand from programmers throwing everything under the sun in it. If you make a bigger cheaper road in a world where semi trucks are free it is trivial to throw limitless traffic down it.
Ask yourself how expensive would it be to fill up Bcash blocks the way spam attacks are filling BTC blocks, knowing Bcash transactions are similar size and cost 1/100th the fee, and have 8x the throughput. It is more expensive to attack Bitcoin and has less impact on resource cost than a similar attack on BCH.
@_date: 2017-12-21 18:55:39
Thinking the ratio of "users" (I assume you mean SPV users, or exchange users) to nodes has anything to do with decentralization is just more stupidity. Everything you say betrays your misunderstanding of what decentralization is. There is no difference in decentralization between a network with 10 nodes and 1 million "users"  and a network with 10 nodes and 10 users. Again, this is *basic*, rudimentary. We can verify this because to disrupt the network requires the same work - i.e. disrupting 10 nodes. Since the work to disrupt both networks is identical then we can confidently say they are equally centralized.
As you would put it: "LOL fucking idiot". How are you not embarrassed by your absurd reaction to an educational conversation? Are you brain damaged to the point where you no longer feel shame?
@_date: 2018-09-14 16:41:06
Considering every ethereum smart contract runs on RSK, considering we're about to remove the federation and have an SPV proof, and considering the fact that over 60% of BTC miners are securing the RSK chain - what makes you think it won't overtake everyone?
Altcoin functionality in layers is where altcoins belong, with no tokens or ICO's. Just a BTC peg.
@_date: 2017-12-14 17:07:17
Sure, less accessible and more work. Also more risk, you're doing something which has been made illegal.
Those aren't deal breakers for me. That this is the limit of negative government impact is actually very encouraging to me.
@_date: 2017-12-11 21:38:39
And if that intrinsic value is higher than the current price is it still a bubble? This is classic price discovery of a unique asset - literally the emergence of an entirely new asset class. To dismiss its value as so much lower than your market price is both premature and very obviously wrong - as someone is buying and valuing it at a price which you do not.
@_date: 2017-12-30 03:27:32
Don't gamble with more than you are willing to lose, these are still early days and huge movements in either direction aren't uncommon for any cryptocurrency..
@_date: 2017-12-25 15:41:28
Because Ethereum as a network doesn't care about exploding resource costs, which inevitably lead to centralization. Their resource costs already eclipse Bitcoin despite being around a fraction of the time. It's not sustainable as a decentralized service, it will eventually exist in a handful of major datacenters and that will be the entire network backbone. All it will take to shut down ethereum at that point is to make it illegal or attack those handful of data centers. They won't be decentralized enough to resist attacks.
@_date: 2017-12-18 15:41:59
I expect nodes and channels to pop up very quickly. Not only is there pent up demand for lightning, but there are very few safe mechanisms to put your BTC to work while still entirely controlling it. I know I will be throwing up a lightning node with a few BTC just because it will earn something as opposed to sitting stagnant and I'd rather be earning via lightning than coinjoin, which is my only other realistic option currently.
@_date: 2018-09-16 04:19:26
No, you're supposed to encourage fair and equal wages, the closing of the wealth gap, and your female friends to learn more about Bitcoin.
The comments here are gross. I far too often am ashamed of some in this community.
@_date: 2018-09-19 01:21:17
There is no mtgox paying back FUD, I am not sure what strange game of telephone you are playing that resulted in that conclusion.
1) the large addresses being monitored and people are making posts about are not mtgox, simply mtgox era.
2) they have nothing to do with repayment
This post is itself an interesting example of how FUD spreads and transforms.
@_date: 2018-09-30 09:03:31
So is it that you deny that what you describe is centralization or that you don't think it matters?
There is still an association with success and profit, private companies don't fund open source projects that aren't making them any money.
A minute ago you were imply the way linux does it works, now you're saying it would cause people to be reassigned as if that's a bad thing. People do sometimes get pulled off open source projects, the projects live on.
@_date: 2017-12-21 03:26:37
They don't resonate with those of us who still view Bitcoin as a protocol and software development project. What is important to us is the function of the project - which is the world's first and most decentralized network. Things like price and adoption are nice, even important when they relate to the function of the project, but not a significant concern otherwise. Bitcoin functions at $1 per coin and at $20k per coin as a decentralized network and fungible token. That's what is important. From there we can build all these end user desires like cheap transactions and zero knowledge transactions on top. The last thing we want to do is sacrifice what makes Bitcoin unique among cryptocurrencies in a vain attempt to draw users or inflate the price. Then we are just PayPal. It may be in some people financial interests to build PayPal 2.0 but that's not what interests the Core development team or many in the userbase. We're all thinking about 10, 20 years from now not tomorrow.
@_date: 2017-12-22 19:43:59
A lot of us saying hold are doing so because:
* we see this technology as a protocol with a unique and optimistic future not a price tag
* we've experienced multi year bear markets and losses greater than this
* we have been warning everyone who enters the market to expect wild fluctuations up and down
If you can't handle this you shouldn't be in this game in the first place and probably should sell, you're gambling with money you can't afford to lose which is rule  even stickied to the top of this sub. I can't imagine what small percentage of the bitcoin population hasn't heard the disclaimers which have been the focus of every bit of mainstream reporting and word of mouth discussion about bitcoin for years now. I would expect the vast majority to know exactly what they signed up for, including the possibility that the price could again be what it was 3 weeks ago. They should hold. What was the point of even buying in if you're going to sell at the first major and inevitable dip? That's just a near guaranteed loss.
@_date: 2018-09-16 13:04:50
Then you REALLY don't want a blockchain. It's an economic security model! It can't be free by definition and that is its unique value.
@_date: 2018-09-17 06:53:44
SPV drivechain peg if bitcoin every adopts their BIP.
@_date: 2018-09-09 19:38:37
Same things any "analyst" would have said in 2015. Protip: avoid analysts.
@_date: 2018-09-17 16:13:43
Too much blockchain not enough Bitcoin. I'd much rather something Bitcoin anniversary specific.
@_date: 2018-09-22 01:59:40
You realize you have to touch it to store it right? It's impossible to not interact with Bitcoin and be holding Bitcoin. Literally impossible. By nature of controlling keys and having at minimum received a transaction you are using Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-09-15 03:25:02
@_date: 2018-09-15 01:49:06
How is it possible this many sysadmins do not patch their internet exposed devices with security patches for over a year? We are talking governments and hospitals and fortune 500 companies here.
Blows my mind, the height of incompetence.
@_date: 2018-09-11 19:13:14
Why is this here? What does it have to do with bitcoin other than a giveaway and self promotion?
You should also note many start ups spend up to $10 per user they register, you want to spend $10 per day for all users that register. Your incentives aren't very incentivizing.
@_date: 2018-09-15 04:04:13
Who cares if the community is divided when the incentives keep them aligned? That is the entire point.
It is amazing how everything you are saying invalidates your position. Troll is getting better, still not very good though.
@_date: 2018-09-27 04:39:52
No, you qualified that if you didn't have it explained it wasn't true. Since it has been thoroughly explained since the bug was announced the only one you can blame for not understanding is yourself.
@_date: 2017-12-11 02:51:40
Ask any of the many powerful people who have tried to influence it.
@_date: 2018-09-29 11:12:26
So you would support blockstream doing this? I absolutely would not, no matter how much respect I have for some of the devs. It is harmful to decentralization.
Working for free is how open source software works. If you want to be paid for contributing to open source software get privately funded.
@_date: 2018-09-15 03:32:29
Is that why Bitcoin has been 51% attacked repeatedly? Oh wait, no it hasn't, because it is much more profitable to be an honest actor than a bad one even when competing with others.
@_date: 2017-12-31 17:53:02
Why not instead of buying those new shoes when it comes up buy some btc? This entire thread and your responses in it are ridiculous. No one has stopped you from from getting back into bitcoin for the last 4 years except you. Now you see the price is up 1000's of percent and have no faith it will go higher so you *still* don't buy in. Bitcoins on sale. Buy yourself $50 worth before tomorrow comes and you regret some more.
@_date: 2017-12-11 01:20:40
You should short bitcoin. You sound really smart.
@_date: 2018-09-01 00:32:06
educate yourself.
@_date: 2017-12-27 22:46:31
I highly recommend everyone listen to the entire audio. Bitcoin is an all or nothing value proposition. It is either a decentralized store of value or its not. It's either worth hundreds of thousands of dollars in the future or nothing. Its security model is either viable or it is not. If you can understand what Matt is saying here you can start to appreciate how rare and poorly understood a property decentralization is. 
Edit: His "parting note for newcomers" at 1:11:49 is so perfect and evokes everything I love about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-19 04:07:14
*hot wallet*
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:01:03
This guy isn't wrong. A bunch of institutional investors are going to get margin called on their shorts and the btc price will rocket up uncontrollably if they aren't careful.
@_date: 2018-09-19 01:17:28
It's not that it never moves it is that it is sitting in addresses with no spent outputs. If you sent money to an address and have yet to spend from that address this includes you.
Many people discourage address reuse and this is nothing notable.
@_date: 2018-09-15 03:56:10
You very well may be right, I can't find the post I was looking for only the unadopted RSK BIP I linked above in my edit.
@_date: 2017-12-23 22:49:48
Okay, why don't you explain to me in what way theymos is an entity in the bitcoin protocol, let alone acts as an authority.
That Ver kool aid tastes good but it makes you look like an idiot with blue lips.
@_date: 2017-12-22 19:11:50
The majority of these comments are really funny to anyone who has held for more than a year.
@_date: 2017-12-23 21:07:29
Sounds like you don't understand how the protocol or open source development works if you think either of those parties are authorities. 
@_date: 2018-09-10 15:32:55
Most technical discussion happens on the mailing list or irc.
@_date: 2018-09-12 01:02:01
I was very much not a fan of his arguments in this debate. Didn't mention trust at all, didn't mention the economic security model or costs to attack, didn't cite ANY numbers. It was sloppy. The argument against BCH (and almost every other alt) is it isn't secure and that security can be quantified in hashpower and costs to attack, end of story.
@_date: 2017-12-18 19:46:29
Good luck and happy learning! I love learning about stuff like this, it's like whole worlds opening up at your fingertips.
@_date: 2018-09-14 20:01:03
[Rsk]( is currently centralized in part. The Bitcoin peg is accomplished via a federation of bitcoin companies. Once [BIP 118]( passes - sighash_noinput - it will enable a lot of upgrades to layered services. One of those upgrades is SPV proof sidechain pegs - meaning a proof of the peg can exist without anyone facilitating it. SPV's are what enable light clients like on your phone to work at the moment without being a full node. Another is [eltoo,]( the lighting upgrade which enables a simpler anti fraud model by invalidating previous states.
@_date: 2018-09-26 07:22:28
How is past sales of a fraction of the traded value of Bitcoin since March a current sell off? The entire report is explicitly claiming that past sales have been sufficient to secure creditors a suitable amount of money.
This is exactly my point. People read one thing and take an entirely different meaning, then they spread that incorrect meaning. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 21:57:42
Decentralization is value and leads to function, no matter how you slice it. If you stop evaluating Bitcoin like a company and start evaluating it like a protocol you will see it has enormous value.
@_date: 2018-09-08 17:00:13
In the whitepaper it isn't called a blockchain at all. That is a term that came later.
@_date: 2018-09-28 04:23:36
Bitcoin isn't a stock or a dollar value, it's the reinvention of trust via protocol and economics. The idea of diversifying in the space only exists if you insist on framing Bitcoin and the entire cryptocurrency space in old world investing terms.
Do you diversify in shovels to move dirt, or TV's to watch the news with? It's a tool with a task, you wouldn't diversify you would move to another tool if ever the one you are using isn't doing the job you need done.
@_date: 2018-09-10 21:54:36
I was very glad I prefaced every discussion about Bitcoin with my family and friends with "It could be $5000 USD tomorrow as likely as it could be $30k" and "Spend at least 6 months casually learning about it and how to secure your own keys". Being your own bank is no joke, it's a serious responsibility. I wish more new buyers would have the patience to educate themselves before going all in.
@_date: 2018-09-30 16:56:16
It would cause an ETC style schism if attempted. I and many others won't support a rollback to stop a given wallet implementation from being hacked.
@_date: 2018-09-27 16:15:34
Are we posting this once every 12 hours now?
Good comments from the last two threads:
[nullc says meh](
[dmar198 notes you can't sign messages from bech32 addresses](
@_date: 2018-09-01 03:00:21
I read the report, and it was actually very bearish on almost all offerings on the basis that their use cases didn't have a real market of significance. It suggested near every alt would be down or dead except BTC, XMR, and DCR. I don't agree with those last two. The report didn't give any thought to features or layers that haven't been meaningfully deployed yet on top of bitcoin.
The methodologies they used were three different and generally accepted means of establishing the value of a traditional network: 
* Top Down: using the quantity theory of money to deduce
the value of cryptoassets needed to support a forecasted
* Peer-Based: using multiples of network-specific metrics to
arrive at relative valuations
* Bottom-Up: using discounted cash flow models to
estimate value of networks that provide yield
They covered an enormous amount of the crypto space and shit on 99% of it. Cast your disagreements with it if you like - I have mine - but at least read the report.
@_date: 2018-09-28 17:53:21
I am asserting the US likes to pressure countries through trade deals to adopt US regulation, oversight, and law. An example is the way they shoehorned copyright into the TPP - which was removed after they dropped out. Another example the way they forced countries like Switzerland to report all their banking customers or be blackballed from international finance.
It's an obvious encroachment on other countries sovereignty. It's plain bullying.
Do I think that US copyright law is in any way reasonable? Not at all. The length of time things are copyright is insane and there aren't even the most simple of provisions allowing the violating of patents to for example support generic prescription drug markets, a pretty important thing for every other country in the world shouldering health care systems. Also kiss the free use of copyright material by the state owned media goodbye, like the BBC.
The US is a bully, and what works for you doesn't necessarily work for everyone else. Hell it doesn't work for you either. Your laws are written by money and strike no balance between corporate and consumer interests
@_date: 2018-09-10 15:33:57
Yes it would, the peg would still be centralized. I am not going to lay out all the details though they should be fairly obvious.  This is a project I desperately want to do myself if someone won't smarten up and do it first.
@_date: 2018-09-10 17:09:49
You can think that if you want, it is no skin off my nose. It's seriously not rocket science, anyone could do it with enough funding.
Think about it this way - if you as an individual wanted to make your own dollar peg from your btc - could you? How would you go about doing it?
@_date: 2017-12-10 16:18:08
Lots of us held through the 2 year bear market when every other news article decalred Bitcoin dead. We fundamentally believe this technology will change the world. It's not about being an investment. For me it's about being my own bank.
I hope some of you get rich quick types learn the value of Bitcoin beyond an investment.
@_date: 2018-09-19 04:19:17
Kind of hope they do. Custodial storage is not what Bitcoin was designed for.
@_date: 2017-12-23 18:51:18
I think you're wrong about what percentage of bitcoin is in the hands of people like us, or what percentage of the community is people like us. I also think neither of us is especially unique. If we're capable of seeing the future of trust then so can others, especially as that future matures and comes closer to end users. That's why I'm out here talking about what I see, much as I assume you are. I wouldn't be here talking if I thought it was all falling entirely on deaf ears. Many of us who are intimate with the details of the protocol implementation have an insight to share, be it with get rich quick schemers, altcoin advocates, or wallstreet pessimists. How many people do you imagine originally dismissed bitcoin only to turn around after multiple conversations and research? I view these conversations as important because while I disagree with your estimates, I agree there are a lot of people involved in bitcoin who don't see it as a technology.
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:29:53
If we wanted money and we know its volatile why haven't we all cashed out while we have lots of money? I've been in for 5 years and I'm not even considering selling for another 4 - post halving. I'm a software engineer. I see a technology not a price. A lot of us are tech enthusiasts its what brought us here. One of dozens of 35% plus dips doesn't impact the reasons we are invested at all, nor does 1000's of percent increase. I'll leave when I dislike the projects technical direction or don't see its possibilities to improve the future. It's the same reason the Bcash supporters left. They disliked the technical direction, they didn't care too much that it was fucking them in price. If they did they would have come back. Price is not a significant factor for us long term holders deciding to keep our coins. If it was we would have sold long ago. There is no rational person who is considering price in deciding to hold or not that doesn't sell at 1000's of percent gain. It's why everyone on the outside looking in thinks it's a cult, they only see the irrationality of the decisions being made around price. They have no understanding of the technology or what kind of future bitcoin holders see as being uniquely possible for the first time.
It's kind of rude to project your shallow view of something onto others and tell them their motivations.
@_date: 2017-12-04 20:46:01
I'm the one upset? Maybe you should reread this conversation.
Im sorry but you clearly have zero trading experience and have no idea what youre talking about.
@_date: 2018-09-14 00:26:47
This is the dumbest thing I have heard today. Roger isn't asking for evidence of anything, he is ignoring evidence.
There is further nothing at all wrong with asking for evidence of claims. Christ I hate the people who engage in this kind of dismissive bullshit.
@_date: 2018-09-11 19:47:31
I can't hear any of these major changes come out of shapeshift and not think regulators pushed them. I feel like it's been years since I had something nice to say about Erik. He's been on the wrong side of a lot of developments the past 4-5 years, not the least of which was the hardfork drama.
At least he values noncustodial solutions. That's something nice I suppose.
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:39:26


Who has EVER said it's a binary state? I have explicitly told you repeatedly in this conversation it isn't, you're arguing with a strawman. Since you can't read I'll quote one of the many times I've said as much.


More independent nodes and miners of a higher distribution increases the cost to attack the network. "Users" as you call them don't fit into the equation.
When you assert bcash and bitcoin are equally centralized do the exact same test I did in the hypothetical. How many nodes, are they of equal distribution, how many miners, are they of equal distribution and independence. You tell me - are those things equal across networks?
My explanation has been entirely consistent, you lack reading comprehension. More than that you expect an entire introductory class to networks and topology in a reddit comment. You are so lost down the rabbit hole of reacting to being lectured that you have no idea what you're even talking about anymore. The ironies of calling me the insulting one or having inconsistencies in this conversation are plentiful. You are truly a magnificent ignorant mouth piece and while it's been fun embarrassing you I have more than taught you enough. If it's failed to stick you should reread the conversation, since you very clearly are having some trouble digesting basic statements like "It's absolutely not binary".
@_date: 2017-12-18 18:39:43
For many of us regurgitating the same Andreas talks and the same "vital information" over and over serves no purpose. We are now a broad community of enthusiasts and professionals, I don't think it's abnormal for the content the community discusses and generates to be similarly broad. Some content is only relevant to new users, some talks about current tech, some talks about past tech, some talks about community drama, and a lot talks about price. Since price is the only thing that equally impacts all of our broad userbase it doesn't seem surprising that it acts as the lowest common denominator of community discussion.
@_date: 2017-12-30 19:16:48
Open source software development doesn't traditionally include a PR campaign. Not only is that not part of the job, it's an entirely different skill set. I don't expect top tier software engineers to be personable or well tempered. That's why it's up to people like you and I who are fluent enough with the technical details to talk about them and the future. We are in a small way contributing to consensus with conversations like these. It is becoming increasingly clear that a decentralized security model relies on the education and involvement of the userbase. We need an education campaign, and I don't think it's reasonable to ask the Core devs to be the ones doing it.
The open source software development process is absolutely not a black box. It is entirely transparent. I strongly suggest reading or participating in the IRC meetings and the github repo.
@_date: 2018-09-10 16:41:33
Not your keys not your coins.
@_date: 2018-09-23 22:40:31
Not at all. I asked you what promoting a website looks like if not 22 posts from the same site in a week. The point you fail to comment on is the single source volume. Many people consume solitary news sources, they don't post those news sources exclusively in high volume - that's more that promotion looks like than news consumption.
@_date: 2018-09-08 17:45:16
1. This has nothing to do with btc
2. If you looked at the link in your headline you see none of the double spends actually confirming.
Don't make us all look stupid or our arguments seem less valid by displaying the worst and most ignorant version of those arguments possible.
@_date: 2018-09-28 00:20:22
This the fourth "hail breadwallet" thread in the last 36 hours.
Why couldn't you simply comment in one of the other three threads?
Worth noting from the comments in the other threads:
* you can't sign messages from bech32
* it will segregate users between bech32 services and legacy services
* the lazy unupgraded services are red flags and may indicate failures in other areas of service like security
* breadwallet has a history of putting alts like bch before bitcoin and has been dragging their feet on full bech32 support for over a year
@_date: 2018-09-09 16:19:20
In your hypothetical you could use a swap provider to trustlessly swap from a lightning invoice to a BTC address. That manner of submarine swap isn't coded up yet, but the opposite direction already is BTC -&gt; lightning
@_date: 2017-12-31 19:24:52
I'm so jealous and excited for you.
@_date: 2017-12-31 17:12:42
The best television series still in production. Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
@_date: 2017-12-24 04:01:46
You're going to have to get comfortable with the idea that Bitcoin cannot be everything, especially not immediately. Every altcoin to date sacrifices our key feature - decentralization - in exchange for functionality. Some of those functionalities are amazing and well worth losing decentralization for if absolutely necessary, *especially if a more decentralized network already exists*. Ethereum is a great platform but relative to Bitcoin it is much more centralized. It has a direct leadership, they have abandoned their code is law mantra, its orphan and block rate are unbelievable, their node resource cost is exploding. It is necessarily more centralized or it can't perform its function. That's not a bad thing. Decentralization is not an absolute state and every possible degree of it is not needed for every job.
But if you could have decentralization or at least increase a given chain's without sacrificing function, wouldn't that be nice? That's why we need layers. Bitcoin does this one core, fundamental job of decentralization well, and if we then interface with the rest of the altcoin and sidechain protocol stack which can benefit from bitcoins features and bitcoin from theirs. Things like atomic swaps are the first hints of that coming. Swaps to on chain and off chain resources are going to enable every scripting language compatible altcoin feature that has been built in parallel to bitcoin *through* bitcoin.
You think of this as divide and conquer in a public market and mind share fight. Maybe it is, but that's not where the war for value is won or lost in this unique case. The reality is it's an entire open source space developing an amazing future in parallel, and someday many of the pieces of that future are going to come together like portions of a puzzle. It's good for Bitcoin, it'll be good for some altcoins, it'll be good for some sidechains. There will be winners and losers. Because I know decentralization will be the key functionality separating this entire crypto space from its centralized and more mature competitors - for they are otherwise identical - I know the most decentralized coin will be fundamental to this future space as it grows and intertwines.
@_date: 2017-12-31 19:38:49


If you read beyond that sentence you quoted to the next one...


Decentralization isn't a binary state, it is a gradient. We should always strive for as much as is possible. Any changes which will clearly result in a future where it is only viable to participate in the bitcoin network from a major datacenter at immense cost is centralization. I.E. Craig Wrights $20k node vision. When the decentralization gradient crosses from "potential future where bitcoin is illegal and still running" to "potential future where bitcoin is illegal and gets shut down in a day" you are no longer talking about a decentralized future. That is black and white. We want one and not the other.
@_date: 2018-09-18 23:12:54
The fees are taken on the total traded value or the notional value. I.e. a $10 leveraged to $100 (10x) market buy on XBTUSD Perpetual will havea 0.750% fee applied to $100, the notional value of the position (plus if you hold through a funding period whatever the funding fee is at the time which could be positive or negative - again applied to notional value)
@_date: 2018-09-17 15:13:14
Hypothetically  it could be something else someday - it's only the network with the highest cost to attack that has value. Right now it's Bitcoin or nothing.
@_date: 2018-09-01 01:37:31
You are nuts. No one made you do anything. You are an adult, take responsibility for your irresponsibility.
@_date: 2019-07-02 01:24:50
It's a purely semantic argument born from cold war propaganda. What the rest of the world calls socialism you call a mixed economy because that is what socialism is. What you call socialism we call dictatorship and authoritarianism. The use of the word socialism both by those dictatorships and their enemies is totally divorced from either practicing socialism or the etymology of the word.
@_date: 2018-09-04 03:00:58
You are the only one painting in broad strokes. I certainly do not see Andreas as a tragic figure, he is an educator not a mad revolutionary.  This view is entirely your projection.  As an educator he will continue to sell out conferences and be invited to educate business communities. He isn't selling an image he is selling a dose of reality.
@_date: 2018-09-18 22:39:29
I wouldn't say minimal. No one is accusing them of not making a profit. The taker fee is huge on XBTUSD perpetual and futures because there is such a disproportionate amount of takers on those products and there is obviously no such thing as settlement on a perpetual swap.
All the information you may need about a given product is in the very thorough docs available here: 
A fee guide for all products is available here: 
Platform and general instrument documentation is available here: 
@_date: 2018-09-13 19:05:55
I don't suppose your lecture covered: "How not to send Bitcoin: Physically delivering private keys"
@_date: 2018-09-16 22:43:56
Blockchain runs on money. You cannot separate the concepts. It is not possible.
Is this a philosophy forum or a technology forum? You are the kind of incompetent that's scary because you know just enough to hang yourself and others - i.e. developing and promoting shitty altcoins that will necessarily fail.
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:11:42


LOL are you sure you're not talking about yourself here?


There is nothing contradicting about those statements. The comment you quote is about the importance of nodes, not the ratio of what you call "users" to nodes. 10 of equal distribution nodes is 10 nodes, and "Nodes and node distribution are a huge part of decentralization in the Bitcoin and Bitcoin cash networks". Notice how it doesn't say SPV wallets?
@_date: 2018-09-15 03:37:31
sighash_noinput wasn't even proposed at the time, it describes the pegging mechanisms, limitations, and solutions such as new bitcoin opcodes.
@_date: 2018-09-01 00:15:25
Every single person who understands what a fork is knew that BTC holders would receive BCH. You not understanding the tech is no ones fault but your own. We all knew and understood for months. Some people thought the fork was going to result in lower prices, some thought higher - but you weren't even able to inform yourself enough to make a guess.
@_date: 2018-09-16 03:10:56
This just confuses me. Haters have been hating since $1 was the price. What exactly do you need it to get to before you think it will have shut them up? Professor Bitcorn, Jamie Dimon - there isn't major name against Bitcoin that hasn't been made to look a fool over the past couple years.
@_date: 2018-09-12 21:47:06
Note how prolific and unstoppable it is. If you want to be morally judgemental against bitcoin be my guest, it is as little impacting as anything else you could do.
Unless you would like to describe the mechanism of enforcement? I keep asking and you keep not answering.
@_date: 2018-09-16 22:23:30
Then you do not understand what a blockchain is or its valuable innovation, pure and simple. You do not understand the economic security model, which is pretty typical of altcoin devs.
@_date: 2018-09-30 02:52:13
What do you think privately funded means? It means a private company, like IBM, paying someone to make open source contributions. Do you not see the enormous difference between Blockstream paying developers and developers taking a dedicated fee off any monetization of the ecosystem? 
@_date: 2018-09-19 22:27:46
Spoken like someone who has never suffered identity theft. If you think it's as simple as that you should try it sometime. Getting the credit card companies to reverse charges is an enormous pain in the ass. Not even considering the other kinds of damage that result from identity theft.
@_date: 2018-09-01 01:40:15
This one is still one of my favorites.
@_date: 2017-12-18 18:59:59
You are so right. Being as I currently work with a financial services provider I can tell you 99% of these compromised services are compromised due entirely to negligence. Not doing maintenance, not keeping abreast of patches and vulnerabilities, not using proper access controls - it's absolutely terrifying. I asked a client of mine at one point who was disregarding weekly maintenance due to cost and the time spent offline what their plan was for the event of a  very likely data breach. They said "this is what we have the disclaimers and terms of service for, don't worry about it". I can't even continue typing about it without smashing keys on my keyboard.
Thankfully the attack surface of hosting solely a lightning node can be severely limited. I know I'll be managing my own hardware locally, blocking any and all traffic to every port that isn't lightning itself. With proper access control, routine maintenance, and a professional life which mandates a familiarity with emergent threats I feel pretty safe.
This is why I love bitcoin. I feel in control of my own destiny.
@_date: 2018-09-16 08:13:20
So not only are you super cool with the commentary in this thread, you're NOT cool with someone who has a problem with it calling it out,  so you call them out. You've effectively committed the exact act you are being critical of. I guess you are right we now know each others virtues.
@_date: 2018-09-19 04:42:38
But a hack itself is a redistribution of those coins on the market. No one steals anything not to profit off it.
@_date: 2018-09-15 04:35:20
Do you see any evidence you would like to cite of the incentives not working as designed? No matter how pissy everyone gets or how different their philosophy everyone keeps mining honestly because the alternative is losing money. just ask Bitmain as they bitterly keep mining BTC.
@_date: 2018-09-13 17:32:25
The fees and exchange rates on all the Bitcoin wage tools are too high, you get a better deal just taking your pay and investing it at the best rate possible.
@_date: 2018-09-28 18:02:23
What you are saying is that it is up to foreign companies to conform to SEC regulations. That's absurd. If the federated states of micronesia insisted everyone offering an online service accessible to its citizens register with their government or setup a geofence American companies would laugh. It is entirely unreasonable to expect foreign entities to follow your regulations. If you don't want people in your country accessing certain websites, block them yourself. The onus of responsibility should be on the country trying to enforce regulations internationally.
Just imagine for ten seconds everyone behaved the way the US is on the international stage. Would any company reasonably be able to follow all those conditions from foreign governments,  and as important should they have to?
You think people should be mad at the pissant countries being economically and politically bullied as opposed to the bully? That's some amazing ethnocentrism you have.
@_date: 2018-09-10 16:36:32
If you think it wouldn't work you haven't thought about the details. I'm sorry but if you cannot imagine a way to peg dollars to bitcoins without actually using the deposits to do the pegging you just aren't thinking hard enough.
Seriously think about it. How do you make more BTC when the price drops?
@_date: 2018-09-21 21:12:37
That node estimate only lists announcing nodes. This one from LukeJr is better:
There are ~79k nodes and ~3k 0.16.3 nodes.
@_date: 2018-09-07 22:33:56
Emailing keys? that sounds very wrong.
@_date: 2018-09-13 20:06:01
It's a lot easier to block people than it is address criticism isn't it?
@_date: 2018-09-10 23:06:01
Hopefully accidents like this teach people about doing their diligence before sending transactions. When you are your own bank you have to take responsibility for the mistakes you make in managing your money. Doesn't make people who aren't willing to help you correct your mistakes scammers.
@_date: 2018-09-12 16:43:26
Name a mechanism by which they could crush the hundred thousand node operators and billions of dollars in miners or otherwise subvert the protocol. Banning it affects nothing but price, and probably not in the way you expect. Bitcoin has yet to penetrate 98% of US held offshore holdings. As soon as you ban it and it keeps running it becomes a living proof that governments interference has little impact and validates many illegal use cases.
Governments can at worst push us into anonymity.
Works in China. Works in Venezuela. You can't stop bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-18 18:24:48
Absolutely. If you aren't prepared to secure a hot wallet and then broadcast to the world the target on your back then you shouldn't be hosting a lightning node. With over a decades experience in sysops I'm familiar with the steps required to secure such a hot wallet. You are 100% right to warn that running a hot wallet is an entirely different security risk set then signing transactions offline and not something to be taken lightly.
That all disclaimed I think a good number of us here are technically inclined. Securing a hot wallet requires constant diligence and care, but it's not rocket science. I'm willing to bet there are more than a few of us who are already securing hot wallets for various purposes ready to host LN nodes.
@_date: 2018-09-10 17:05:29
A company would provide the pegging service. The mechanism they use to do it is up to them.
I am seriously shocked at how many people can't think of a single way a company could choose to peg their users bitcoin to dollars. It frankly makes me want to keep these again obvious methods to myself so I can build such a service in the future.
@_date: 2017-12-30 21:42:47
If r/bitcoin as a community wants to take on the job of education I think that's a fairly important job and someone has to do it, but to present it in a top down manner like a sticky maybe isn't the right way to do it. I think it should be a more community driven initiative than theymos/bashco driven initiative.  I know we already have several recap and bestof weekly threads and larger community happenings, maybe we should start something similar with a weekly thread highlighting particularly insightful comments or resources submitted by the community, or maybe a weekly chapter read along and discussion of Andreas' Mastering Bitcoin. Then we would also be addressing the clear demand there is for more substantive discussions while we educate.
@_date: 2017-12-31 21:03:18
"announced such"? In your mind do the Core developers collectively have one will? BlueMatt is a mjaor contributor and he literally extolled on December 18th for 30 minutes how 2mb blocks wouldn't have been the death of the network. This has been so discussed to death that pretending "core" is an entity with a singular position is beyond disingenuous, so many people have talked about their opinions on the matter publicly.
Also as was clearly demonstrated recently miners are not the only network security agents. Nodes play a meaningful role. You can't claim 2x is an example of how miner centralization is bad when the reality is that near 100% of miners wanted to do something and the community of node runners intervened. 
@_date: 2018-09-04 03:24:11
If you think the reinvention of trust and finance isn't going to cause immense change you don't understand what Bitcoin accomplishes.
An ETF in no way makes him irrelevant, it increases Bitcoins popularity and accessibility and makes him in more demand.
An ETF objectively hurts Bitcoin by shoe-horning the reinvention of trust into the old trust model.
This has nothing to do with the imagined persona you have created of AA and your assertions that an ETF would be bad for him are insane. Demand for consultation on Bitcoin explodes as does its accessibility.
@_date: 2018-09-28 03:06:11
And what actions should the SEC be allowed to enforce on foreign companies not operating in US dollars with no US presence? Seems pretty ridiculous to me.
They also aren't trading US stocks but derivatives of US stocks. The only thing the SEC has to complain about seems to be that Americans can use the Internet, and if that is the problem then put up a great firewall like China and see how the electorate likes it.
@_date: 2018-09-04 14:42:58
You called him prophetic, so now you acknowledge he isn't.
In bitcoin an intermediary is a redundancy. You are arguing against yourself.
No one doubts many people will use the ETF including traditional investors. That is exactly the problem.
None of what you are saying equates to an ETF being bad for Andreas or supports any of the claims you have made in your previous comments, or refutes any claims I or AA have made about an ETFs ability to cause harm.
@_date: 2018-09-17 03:51:16
Bitcoin, not blockchain. If a blockchain isn't secured by Bitcoins decentralized security model it isn't worth spit.
@_date: 2018-09-11 19:41:32
Bitcoin doesn't need any of those things. We have huge p2p marketplaces like localbitcoins, we have decentralized exchanges like bisq. If people in China and Venezuela can use Bitcoin despite legal issues and mass crackdowns than so can you use bitcoin without regulation.
@_date: 2015-12-04 18:57:17
I understand that technically ANY 2fa solution can be localized, I'm simply suspecting that most amateur users don't realize this is the point of 2fa - to require an additional device. I may be wrong but it seems to me more likely that users may use the same device as a matter of convenience (without knowing any better) when using email 2fa or sms 2fa over other 2fa solutions. I really don't know. I'm not sure there is a metric you could track which would indicate people are using 2fa on the same device as they log in, but I am sure that it happens. My comments are purely speculative based on dumb user psychology.
@_date: 2017-12-23 14:37:20
How is adopting a technology and participating in a protocol a cult? Just because we see something you can't understand doesn't make it a cult. It's not irrational, it's not absolute. There are technology related reasons that would make me leave just as those involved in Bcash did. Just because your world revolves around price and mine doesn't isn't a reason to believe I'm in a cult. A cult is an irrational group think, not an individual estimation of the impact a technology could have based on decades of professional experience in a field and an active use of that technology in the here and now. You can't wrap your head around something, that doesn't make it irrational. Pretty much every time there is a major paradigm shift due to technological advancement people unfamiliar with the intricacies of the new technology have difficulty wrapping their head around it. Electricity adopters were not a cult. The internet is not a cult. Bitcoin is not a cult.
You are a rational person. People making decisions you cannot rationalize means they must either be irrational or know something you don't. We know something you don't. Keep telling yourself we are irrational if you want, but you are only denying yourself the opportunity to be involved in a new frontier of protocol consensus.
One last thing to ask yourself: what's the fundamental thing every cult has that Bitcoin, the internet, and electricity don't? Leadership. Every cult has someone or group pulling the strings.
@_date: 2018-09-15 21:30:41
No, that is a pretty stupid statement. A blockchain is the most inefficient data storage mechanism possible. The ONLY valid use for one is as part of a decentralized security model. Every other use case would be better off using traditional storage solutions. Since Bitcoin is the only decentralized security model with a significant cost to attack, the only use for a blockchain is Bitcoin.
Name for me ONE other use case that wouldn't be better off either a) using Bitcoin blockchain or b) using a traditional solution.
There are ABSOLUTELY ZERO ENTERPRISE USE CASES.
@_date: 2018-09-20 16:54:15
Is that a serious question? Have you been living under a rock the past year?
@_date: 2018-09-15 01:51:17
I love it when people don't realize the uniqueness of a protocol you can't hack, you can only buy.
The incentives keep mining centralization in check. The nash equilibrium works. The only terrible idea here was you deciding to open your mouth to talk about things you don't understand. 
@_date: 2018-09-27 04:42:21
Bravo, an amazing display of your inability to comprehend what is happening in bitcoin and the crippling insecurity that results.
@_date: 2018-09-10 17:22:53
I came here to say pegs that rely on old trust models are inherently broken, not feed your curiosity. 
@_date: 2018-09-12 16:05:29
1. It is backwards compatible.  No hard fork.
2. It segregates witness data which kills transaction malleability. 
3. It isn't necessary to store if not desired.
A generic block increase accomplishes none of these three things.
@_date: 2017-12-18 19:27:46
I mean, securing high value online resources is a career for some people. It can take many years and even some failures to gain a level of expertise.
If you are genuinely interested in learning how to administer and secure linux systems I'd say go straight to the horses mouth - this is literally the reason the linux foundation exists.
@_date: 2017-12-31 21:22:00
I may have edited my comment within the first minute that you didn't see.
It sounds like you see Cores job as defining the consensus rules. That's not the job they do and one they organizationally avoid whenever possible.
@_date: 2017-12-14 15:49:02
E-transfer fees are ridiculously high (2% + $5) but very reliable. I have yet to wait more then 24 hours for one.
@_date: 2017-12-14 17:54:43
... to use bitcoin and bitcoin exchange services? What exactly is savvy about meeting someone at a coffee shop and trading bitcoin for cash over the course of a 15 minute cup of joe?
@_date: 2017-12-31 17:45:02
No more unreasonable than wanting free money under any circumstance, but still pretty ridiculous. OP forgot the  rule of being your own bank, not your keys not your coins. I have absolutely no sympathy for him. He could have bought back in with any of his "new shoe money" anytime between now and 2014. Instead he's feeling jealous and sorry for himself.
@_date: 2018-09-28 02:27:04
I also have no idea what free association means for jurisdiction - but I do know the federated states of micronesia/marshall islands have their own constitution, federal government, congress, and judiciary. They call the introduction of the free association compact their "independence", and [legal guides]( note that US law may influence local law as many provisions are modeled explicitly upon US examples but  "the courts are not bound by foreign law".
Not that the US imposing its own laws internationally is anything new. They have successfully imposed their monetary regulations on all their trading partners and are attempting to do the same with copyright. It's a sick world.
@_date: 2018-09-10 20:39:54
Strong hands = people who have held so long 15% is nothing. Better to weather the storm than miss the sudden and unpredictable bullrun. Can we stop with this stupidity already?
@_date: 2018-09-19 02:37:46
The only people saying that are people like OP and the morons who report on gossip. It is as I said a game of telephone where the original news which had no relationship to mtgox at all was slowly transformed by word of mouth into the incoherent shit coming out of OP. The original FUD was that a billion dollars in BTC are moving and being dumped, which is equally untrue but at least only one step removed from facts - that BTC is moving and some small amounts have ended up on exchanges. The rest of this FUD if you want to call it that has been manufactured by the paranoid and illiterate.
@_date: 2018-09-28 03:13:09
As far as I know you can only buy US stocks with US dollars and they were not doing that, but trading their own derivatives. 
@_date: 2018-09-28 01:29:29
When US jurisdiction spans around the globe you know something has gone terribly wrong.
@_date: 2017-12-05 01:59:58
It's not a copy cat it's the literal post being referenced. So no, not exactly what you said.
@_date: 2017-12-04 20:12:36
You think there is going to be trading on one exchange without arb? You think you can sell 250 million in futures without someone also buying? Its you who has no trading experience here.
@_date: 2018-09-08 17:12:51
Or one millisatoshi
@_date: 2018-09-23 23:04:46
Believe it or not promotion on the internet has actually become more nuanced than simply "GO TO ABC.COM FOR NEWS". It effectively looks exactly like what you're doing, whether it is your motivations or not.
Keep doing it if you want but the mods have warned you so I wouldn't be surprised at a ban if you keep it up.
@_date: 2018-09-15 03:41:18
Did you bother to read it or did you ctrl+f sighash?
Edit: I may have misspoke, I was under the impression sighash_noinput would allow a work around to accomplish the same goals as  but I can't find reference to this anymore. This is the original and unadopted RSK BIP.
@_date: 2018-09-17 19:45:32
Also known as the Bitcoin Foundation Buffoon.
@_date: 2015-12-30 19:00:34
Pretty shallow view of the situation. There have been many people, myself included, arguing that we currently exist in a state of centralization due to Chinese miners which would be disrupted by a block size increase via poor Chinese connectivity. Maybe less total nodes, but more decentralization. It's not as plainly stated "Bigger Blocks == Less full-nodes == More centralization", that's an overly simplistic description of the situation.
If anything I'm inclined to believe that the central points of authority in the social sphere of bitcoin have been paid to influence the discussion. It would certainly be a lot more bang for the governments buck than trying to pay a legion of angry users, and a lot less risk that the subterfuge would come to light too.
@_date: 2018-09-14 19:50:17
I don't see where they are taking fees - unless you mean the federation blocks which will end with bip 118
@_date: 2018-09-29 16:24:56
They run the ASICs before they sell them in every instance I have ever heard.
@_date: 2017-12-11 03:25:40
What does the price have to do with centralization? Bitcoin is a protocol not a dollar value. The limit of miners influence was just tested with segwit2x. Centralized wallets? What are you even talking about? Valid public keys are not centralized. Nodes are not centralized.
@_date: 2018-09-06 00:33:37
I honestly don't even know how to continue.  That is insane. Bitcoin Core is the software which already serves the function of an ETF. The missing thing is knowledge and awareness of end users not functionality. Not only have you repeatedly contradicted yourself in this conversation about Andreas and an ETFs success, but your delusions about some mystical etf software that isn't built for lack of incentives are just too much.
Seriously, what the fuck.
@_date: 2018-09-10 19:43:26
I appreciate you took the time to understand me. I think if I stressed about whether people on the internet understood me though I'd go crazy.
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:32:02
You just described a centralized entity creating a distributed network. Congratulations. Is everyone doing the same work over and over or is everyone doing little bits and pieces of the work? This is computer science 101. I cannot possibly make the distinction any clearer. 
Nodes and node distribution are a huge part of decentralization in the Bitcoin and Bitcoin cash networks, by what justification do you dismiss their role as verification and storage agents on the network? It's actually crazy how confident you are despite repeatedly demonstrating you don't know what you are talking about.
Bitcoin core is the most diverse and populous dev team in this space. That is a statistical fact. Don't believe me? Check the repo stats. Compare with any other number of implementations. It is literally plain as day.
It's really really wierd how you are so passionate about things you clearly don't understand. Objective factual things like the difference between decentralization vs distributed, how the torrent protocol works, who participates in the development of a given client, whether nodes matter to these protocols or not. These aren't up for interpretation or debate yet somehow you have warped in your mind that they are. This social phenomenon is fascinating. You have turned a technology into a religion almost.
@_date: 2018-09-19 23:52:44
So when I pay more money than my losses are worth I will get better service - what a great system that doesn't at all advantage the wealthy at the expense of the poor and merchants.
@_date: 2018-09-12 06:00:12
you can get 100x leverage immediately and anonymously. If you have 1 btc you can trade 100 btc. You work out the math for me - is it more profitable to try a double spend 51% attack on an exchange with 10 BCH or short 100 btc and double spend 1 BCH?
There is absolutely incentive.
@_date: 2018-09-13 19:36:04
Giving the protocol the name of an implementation discredits everything. Purposefully confusing people about what is protocol and what is a given piece of software. You cannot buy Bitcoin Core, you cannot spend it, it has no token, it is not a protocol. It's a client.
@_date: 2018-09-13 18:26:04
The obvious test is replace BCH with any other BTC forked altcoin - is it an obvious scam to get people who want to buy Bitcoin to buy Bitcoin Super *Recommended *Intant transactions low fees?
Yes, it obviously is. Dump this scam.
@_date: 2018-09-10 15:17:33
I strongly disagree. Back peg deposits with btc and let us all audit the peg and have no fear that we could have our funds confiscated or be screwed if Gemini fails.
This is just more of shoehorning new trust models into old trust models. If it requires regulation and private audits it is bullshit.
@_date: 2018-09-29 10:34:38
"No referral links in submissions."
@_date: 2018-09-15 04:10:42
Won't happen because again, incentives. Keep trying though.
@_date: 2018-09-04 13:55:48
I just explained, as did AA, the mechanism of harm with existing examples. You make statements of opinion as fact while you ignore objective and demonstrated facts.
@_date: 2018-09-13 17:14:22
Most professional and informed examination of the space is BitMex Research no doubt.
@_date: 2018-09-29 10:17:08
Looks like a scammy referral link to "free" bullshit to me.
@_date: 2018-09-16 21:58:15
It is secured by money, the nash equilibrium works on financial incentives.
@_date: 2018-09-09 16:11:16
What's with the 3 way cross post? Very annoying. 
@_date: 2018-09-07 06:03:08
I wouldn't have said any of those things, and I have explained why a software solution is precluded. You not understanding is not me not explaining.
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:53:31
I think you're confusing the term centralized. It refers to control over the protocol residing in a singular or limited scope entity. The very poor distribution of bitcoins value doesn't have anything to do with centralization. Most of the issues you're talking about don't have anything to do with centralization. All the bitcoin in existence could associated to one pubkey and it wouldn't be centralized.
@_date: 2017-12-31 21:55:16
Something like that but not really? Engineering bodies like the IETF, which Core is decidedly *not* since near anyone can join and participate but after which Core models many of its processes, don't vote. There isn't some majority rules situation. Things that are controversial aren't generally adopted by the group, it goes against the goal of widespread consensus in the real world of the selected and to-be proposed standard. If there are valid and unaddressed technical grounds to a proposal is usually doesn't move forward. I can imagine nothing more contentious than this blocksize debate has been. I cannot accept that it is Cores responsibility to push through contentious consensus changes to this decentralized protocol.
@_date: 2018-09-10 17:03:33
I don't think you know what I am talking about. The level of thought given to things here is unbelievably shallow and effectively stops at "btc is volatile, it cannot back a peg"
@_date: 2018-09-30 17:00:50
What a buffoon this author is. Bitcoin users will be celebrating ecstatically regardless of price. Bitcoin isn't a dollar amount, it is a revolution in consensus, trust, and finance.
@_date: 2018-09-19 05:57:30
Sell bitcoin at exchange, withdraw to your bank account. Send USD to landlord.
Any service is just going to be doing this on your behalf and charging a huge fee for it and likely still need all the same personal information.
@_date: 2018-09-10 21:09:02
Oh my god, the first couple minutes of this debate are hilarious. Roger is such a narcissist he just can't help himself.
"Try posting a link to this video to r/bitcoin, I guarantee you it will be deleted" - Roger Ver
@_date: 2018-09-28 15:35:18
The concise explanation is that your node could propagate invalid blocks as well as mislead you and any SPV clients connecting to your node onto a forked inflationary chain.
@_date: 2018-09-08 04:28:16
If you are bored that's on you. Have you checked out some of the things that are becoming possible like scriptless scripts and submarine swaps? Just the other day I had a read through the very well commented lnd autopilot source code and learned a lot. Just because the majority of people want to talk memes and price doesn't mean you have to, be excited!
@_date: 2018-09-12 17:54:00
I really like the total misunderstanding of the debate this comic represents. People who think like this believe compromise is its own merit and don't think about technical merit at all. A minimum of two people need to be throw out that window and not at all sarcastically.
@_date: 2017-12-10 17:59:55
Bitcoin is being your own bank. As Obama once said, it's like having a swiss bank account in your pocket. Even if layers were never built on top of bitcoin to enable additional use cases like microtransactions being your own bank still has enormous value. It is not a collectors item, it is not a get rich quick scheme, and the fees really don't hinder 90% of potential use cases. Bitcoin is individual financial sovereignty. You tell me, what kind of value does that idea have? 
@_date: 2018-09-07 03:27:50
You just don't understand that automating backups of mnemonic seeds 1) already exists and 2) does nothing to increase security or usability. You do not comprehend that an automated room cleaning is not the same kind of personal responsibility as securing your life savings. Even a machine having access to your keys is a security issue. Is a machine cleaning your room a security issue that will ruin your life if executed incorrectly or accessed by other parties? Personal responsibility and human memory are the mechanisms at play here. You keep dreaming of a future where these problems are solved because to you it is all as magical and inexplicable as an automated room cleaning. The truth is there are hard limitations on what can and cannot be accomplished and you cannot remove personal responsibility from bitcoin without introducing security or custodial issues. You keep ignoring that obvious reality for some solution you cannot even describe because it is "hard". The reality is the solutions are cultural not software.
@_date: 2018-09-18 23:33:26
I have so much criticism of them, that doesn't mean they aren't doing a lot right.
How much do you know about ADL? The fact that a profitable position can be force closed to cover an unprofitable one is fucked up IMO. The fact that the risk of being ADLed can't be estimated because insurance funds for each contract are entirely hidden just makes it worse. There is also the obvious fact that only a gambling degenerate or oblivious noob would use 100x and those people are being taken advantage of by Bitmex offering leverage that high.
I criticize the things I like most in the hopes they are always becoming better, Bitmex and Bitcoin included. I REALLY WANT TO SEE TRANSPARENCY ON THOSE INSURANCE FUNDS MR HAYES!
@_date: 2018-09-10 23:03:11
The whole point of bitcoin is not requiring 3rd party trust. Not your keys not your coins.
@_date: 2018-09-14 23:10:07
They really aren't. Bitcoin is one of if not the most active software space in open source development.
Your perceptions and believing hype are why you think that. You can only appreciate broad features and user facing changes. Gives an enormous bias to perceive quick shitty development targeted at end users as quality.
@_date: 2018-09-12 19:41:07
It's as though you didn't read any of the comment above. Making it illegal accomplishes nothing. See China and Venezuela and the tonnage of market penetration in illegal markets yet to happen.
@_date: 2018-09-29 03:24:12
It is harmful to a decentralized ecosystem to have a company position itself as functionally necessary and skim 20% of all fees off the top of all transactions. PoW is an economic security model running on incentives, and RSK is by design reducing the incentives to security actors by 20%. It will necessarily have difficulty competing with any drivechain that is truly open and competitive.
@_date: 2018-09-11 15:15:51
They have bought and are continuing to buy, having not yet invested more than a couple hundred dollars.
@_date: 2018-09-11 19:19:54
It's very wrong. It's custodial, it's an old world trust model for what should be a new world trust asset. People excited about this are obsessed with price, not technology.
I've reached a point where I am actively cheering for the hacking of custodial services. I genuinely believe we need another mtgox to wake these users up.
Not your keys, not your coins.
@_date: 2015-12-10 17:19:22
This is what I meant by a reasonable discussion cannot occur with someone who has their head so far up their own ass. You didn't address anything I said, or have said, since this conversation started. I tried. It would have been as simple as replying originally with "Even though those people who are voting from bitcoinxt were part of this community, and may even still be, it's still brigading. Here is why they have no right to influence content in this community:"  You have a serious persecution complex my friend to feel that this place after its purging is not a circle jerk but any other community is.
Stop calling people who have every right to vote here brigaders just because you disagree with them.
@_date: 2018-09-19 04:20:25
There are a million uses for Bitcoin that don't include reusing addresses, including trading. Why would trading demand address reuse?
@_date: 2018-09-11 19:25:49
You could either a) get paid directly on chain without lightning or b) do a submarine swap on chain from a lightning invoice if you HAD to use lightning. I'm not sure if anyone has coded up such a service yet, it's not a very useful mechanism to go from lightning to onchain when you can just get paid directly onchain.
@_date: 2018-09-09 16:29:47
That's not Liquid, that's just another money hungry exchange.
Liquid is a very prominent sidechain project 
More people trying to make money off of brand identity. It never stops.
@_date: 2018-09-19 04:28:00
What? That makes no sense. If I send a deposit to an exchange, make a trade, then withdraw to a new address - no address reuse - it would appear as an address with no outputs.
If I even make a trade at an exchange, am given a deposit address that is solely for my use (like at bitmex) and trade for several months without losses my address may very likely appear with no outputs.
There are a million reasons for an address to have no outputs and it certainly doesn't imply a lack of use.
@_date: 2018-09-08 07:08:10
This changes as soon as BIP 118 passes and the peg becomes an SPV proof. The BIP also improves lightning with eltoo among many other possibilities. Even today RSK blocks earning BTC fees are being merge mined by the majority of BTC miners. I bet that is something bcash wishes they could say right now.
@_date: 2018-09-14 20:52:50
You folks are killing it. I am slowly going through parts of the lnd codebase and I can't tell you enough how much I appreciate how well it is commented and coded.
This is the part of this release I am most excited for:


Unadvertised channels seem like an enormous boon for lightning privacy. Very impressive all around.
@_date: 2019-07-02 01:20:30
The state controls every market. The distinctions are purely in practice of that control.
@_date: 2018-09-13 17:17:36
I explained that cops can't stop it in China, I explained cops can't stop it in Venezuela, and I explained cops can't stop other p2p activities such as prostitution inherently. There is clear observable evidence supporting the ineffectiveness of policing actions. It is unenforceable.
If you want to call yourself a realist start with an examination of reality not your own fairytale world. What exactly do you think is happening in countries where BTC is illegal?
This isn't an argument, this is someone who thinks the "cops" have some power to stop BTC that they don't and another person laying out clear examples of enforcement failure. There is nothing crazy about you being obviously wrong.
@_date: 2018-09-04 14:17:44
No you didn't  you keep stating opinions without supporting them. I asked how is he a prophet, he doesn't talk about anything prophetic. You ignored it. I explained the mechanisms by which an ETF harms the protocol with examples like coinbase already doing active harm. You ignored it. You provide no examples or described mechanisms yourself.
You are all opinions. Nothing you say you support, you just say it again.
There is everything valid about saying an ETF isn't a bitcoin use case at all. Users of the ETF or Coinbase or any custodial entity are not using Bitcoin. They interact with no protocol and the interact with no token. Coinbase user use coinbasebucks, etf users use etfbucks. Neither uses or interacts in any way with Bitcoin the p2p network or token until they withdraw into their own wallet.
You again don't make any attempt to support your own comments, you just make broad incorrect statements and insist they are true . See above to see what supporting an opinion looks like, try it sometime.
@_date: 2018-09-10 17:23:46
I've said enough about my idea - the point is much more that this trusting peg of geminis is no good. And yes, people who make blanket assertions of what is or isn't possible should be told they aren't thinking hard enough when they are wrong. Why should I divulge my specifications for a trustless peg in a random comment?
@_date: 2018-09-17 17:44:15
Minority algorithm coins are ridiculous insecure, that's true. They can be attacked at a whim by the existing majority.
Altcoins with the majority of the hashing power devoted to their algorithm however still have problems. While you can say for certainty that Bitcoin consumes the vast majority of all possible SHA256 hashing power in the world - even that not intended or being used for mining - you can't say the same for other algorithms especially those that are ASIC resistant. There is so much general purpose hardware that isn't mining litecoin or ethereum in the world right now. In the same way that BTC miners pose an existential threat to any other minority SHA256 coin because they could at will attack, the existence of so much general processing power not being used to mine any specific alt means there is the constant threat of unseen and unknown hashing capacity.  You will never see a botnet that is able to attack bitcoin from unsuspecting users computers because all the consumer hardware in the world is a negligible addition to the hashpower. That's just not a threat Bitcoin faces. You can't say the same for any ASIC resistant algorithm. There is an enormous quantity of unapplied hashing power existing in the world for those algorithms.
Even if the above wasn't the case we are talking about economic security models and the most inefficient data structure on the planet; we only really need one. Which one do you think we should use? I think we should use the one that's factors of 10 more expensive if we want economic security.
@_date: 2018-09-23 21:53:21
What do you think promoting the site would look like? I think it would look like someone with dozens of posts a week from the same site spammed across reddit and very little else.
@_date: 2015-12-09 17:40:38
I think supposing the motive for peoples actions being the comment's current score is a step too far. There is a lot of evidence that people passionately disagree with many of the views espoused here by the mods, it's not simply bandwagon behavior directed by vote count. There is no reason to think people are upvoting things primarily because they are at the top of the page, as evidence by the fact that the scores for heavily downvoted comments did not reverse once thread sorting was changed to controversial in any of these threads.
@_date: 2018-09-28 10:51:59
I actually thought so too. They do an amazing job of keeping that information unadvertised and now I feel like a jackass so I am sharing the info.




Both statements are directly from the horses mouth and the only mention I could find at all, hidden deep within blog posts on their website.
@_date: 2018-09-18 22:12:24
It's more notable than "BITMEX USES 100X LEVERAGE AND IT'S EXPLOITATIVE!"
The trade fees go to the makers minus the settlement fee if any on the product. Some products have an even higher maker fee than taker fee and no settlement fee to promote market making, while others have equal maker and taker fees. Those fees have been fluid for Bitmexs history and are different for each orderbook because each orderbooks demand and available limit orders are different. The different fee structures are used to attempt to balance the number of takers and makers on the market to create a healthy orderbook.
@_date: 2018-09-16 01:02:35
I have no idea why you keep talking about currencies or payments like that is Bitcoins job, especially as a tool to accomplish what altcoins are doing. No. Bitcoin is for trust. It is for gaining the properties of Bitcoins decentralized security model. That you keep talking about payments and inserting things like lightning and fiat is what makes me so sure you have no clue what you are talking about. None of those things are relevant to the solutions you should be pursuing.
Who is talking about private blockchains? No one, it's a total misnomer. Seriously we aren't even having the same conversation because you are so stuck in your head about how these problems can be solved. You have drank so much of the altcoin koolaid you can't even frame the problem without inserting your misconceptions.
None of the datasets you have described would be better on chain than as sidechains or offchain all together.
@_date: 2018-09-01 17:31:48
What you don't understand and we all do is that Bitcoin cannot be regulated. It is only manipulated in as much as large entities choose to sell or buy in large volume. You crying to regulators is just going to hurt bitcoin users since the only action regulators can take is trying to stop idiots like you from entering positions at all. You are so ignorant you hurt yourself, the people who this money you gambled was supposed to be spent on, and now are continuing to hurt educated investors because you can't be bothered to google your platforms rules or bitcoin fork information. You are the reason people hate trust fund kids.
Look at yourself and learn from this, get out of the mindset of blamin others and GROW.
@_date: 2015-12-05 01:40:38
He never went to New York. He never sold drugs to anyone, let alone in New York. He consulted for a website  which was illegal in the United States but serving citizens globally. Are we to accept that any persons associated with a website visible to the US are extraditable if the US disagrees with the web content? That's asinine, especially when appled to non US citizens. If America truly doesn't want Americans being served illegal content then put up a great firewall like China, you don't see China demanding the extradition of every American programmer building websites that the communist government disapproves of.
@_date: 2018-09-12 00:58:09
Because many of us are bitcoin maximalists and see altcoins as worse than useless, they are harmful and entirely miss the point of decentralization.
@_date: 2018-09-14 20:17:06
I don't see any transactions going to federation wallets with each block, so where is this fee coming from? Can you point it out on the block explorer for me? If this is the case it would sour my mood.
The only reference I can find at all to the text you quote or even "20%" is a pre development blog post outlining a proposed business model before they were privately funded. I am not sure this is still the business model.
Edit: found another reference from May this year


Mood soured. If they don't kill those fees I'd say fork them off their own chain as soon as spv proofs are out.
@_date: 2018-09-06 03:23:43




I can't even with you. More assertions on top of assertions, when are you going to learn how to support an assertion?
Now you are telling me hardware wallets aren't easier to use than any other wallet type. You already told me we should introduce mnemonic seeds as though we didn't years ago and I haven't already explicitly mentioned them (HD wallets). What insane assertion is next and can we even count the ones already made? There are just too many. 
Security will become more user friendly, but never will it not require competence and knowledge on the part of the user - unless it is custodial and thus undesirable.  Security is a way of thinking, a culture. It is again not at all a software problem and I continue to challenge you to propose a single suggestion of a feature to accomplish this impossible dream of yours. So far your suggestions have already all been implemented. 
@_date: 2015-12-09 23:15:18
It's not that you're wrong, it's that you cannot demonstrate it's happening where as there is a lot of reasons to think (the many posts complaining, the bannings and joining of other subreddits - brigading doesn't result in joining and forming new subreddits they go back to wherever they brigaded from) that the people here are the ones downvoting and arguing with you. You're ignoring direct evidence that those disagreeing with you aren't birgading, they are leaving to form new communities where they can't be censored. 
Name for me one other instance of brigading in which new communities was the result of bans against brigaders. That's the smoking gun proving that it's people passionate about bitcoin, maybe even misinformed, but not brigaders. I'm not arguing from ignorance, but you may very well be if you cannot articulate what you see that indicates it is brigaders causing you this distress but I can articulate the evidence that it is not brigaders.
There are certainly other instances of other communities moderation teams alienating their own user base and new communities forming and that's never been brigading. r/xkcd comes to mind.
@_date: 2018-09-21 21:36:57
You'll have to ask Luke for the details beyond that.
@_date: 2018-09-15 16:52:53
Blockchain has little to no value. This course is a waste of money.
@_date: 2018-09-01 02:47:06
I'm not trying to insult you, I'm hoping to shock you into reality by confronting you with it. What you did was irresponsible. It wasn't investing, it was speculating. By every definition. If this money was truly supposed to benefit humanity and you squandered it gambling - as is your description of events - you have been irresponsible.
@_date: 2018-09-28 17:22:35
I literally quote their exact words. I never implied they take 20% of transaction values. They take 20% of all gas spent as a fee for themselves.
@_date: 2018-09-15 03:40:07
What poor quality trolling. What happened to the subtlety of a good troll? Taking a seemingly valid premise then warping it ever so slightly to illicit confusion, then compounding with ignorance and arrogance to induce anger?
Sloppy. Just sloppy. You can't just skip to ignorance and arrogance.
@_date: 2018-09-07 05:17:54
There cannot be a software solution. You cannot describe any mechansim for such a solution. You simply have faith that at some point some magic will make one exist.
If you don't believe a culture of better security practices can grow and are instead relying on software to create a solution with as little required responsibility as an ETF - then you should sell. You are putting your faith in the impossible.
That you aren't willing to hear it is impossible doesn't make it any less true. No one disputes it would be wonderful if your dream was true, it just cannot be. Bitcoin is not a tool for the ignorant or irresponsible and never will be.
@_date: 2018-09-06 01:35:50
We already obfuscate keys via HD wallets. Of course the pubkey and priv key are connected, one derives the other. You know just enough to sound like you have no clue what you are talking about.
If it is a software engineering problem to make Bitcoin easier to secure, be my guest and solve it. As a software engineer of 15 years let me tell you that you are full of shit. The problem is one of culture and knowledge base not software. Will bitcoin and the layers become easier to use? Always. But they cannot change the underlying security principles of the network.
Bitcoin will ALWAYS be an exercise in personal responsibility.  No software will ever change that and if it does then it is custodial in some capacity 
@_date: 2018-09-09 16:23:00
You can play with the existing implementation at submarineswaps.org
@_date: 2018-09-17 05:42:41
You realize we actively moderate here too right? Different communities can and should have different guidelines. I want a world with highly curated and limited content as well as platforms for open speech. The result is more unique communities producing distinct content and conversations; I think that is valuable. Curated communities have a stronger signal to noise ratio while unmanaged communities enable more niche discussion, and both are good.
@_date: 2015-12-31 07:52:08
Hmmm. That might be true. Wouldn't you need to look at where most nodes are operating? If Chinese nodes outnumber non-Chinese nodes then maybe you're right and bigger blocks just result in more centralization as blocks mined from outside China are slower to propagate to the majority of nodes. If however the majority of nodes are outside of China and separated from the majority of the hashing power I would think that would give the non-Chinese minority hashing power a slight propagation advantage to the majority of nodes - which would make you wrong as it would increase decentralization. You've given me something to think about there.
@_date: 2018-09-11 03:00:58
The part where you assume my goal is to be personable. It's a technology forum.
I think I'm a blast at parties. Want to hang out sometime and we'll enjoy the lighter side of life? I'll even supply the party favors.
@_date: 2018-09-10 18:48:43


You are asking me that though, you just don't know it.


I posted at all because AGAIN - I am strictly here to condemn shitty trusting solutions for our trustless new world.
The only people who have a problem with me commenting that Geminis solution sucks are people like you who can't imagine a better solution. If that solution is incredibly simple, there is demand for it, and a company providing it could profit - why would I post it in some random comment? I would much rather do it myself when it is possible for me.


I can appreciate that. Like I said I am not looking to change your mind, I am simply stating the facts. 1) Geminis peg is trusting and 2) it doesn't need to be.
Why nitpick custodial solutions? Because they are the antithesis of the trustless new world we are building.
@_date: 2018-09-04 02:44:53
They don't harm him at all, he has his keys - and the network is harmed when the vast majority of users are trusting and custodial users as we see when companies like Coinbase attempt to throw their weight.
@_date: 2018-09-05 20:41:20
You have only described the mechanism of "conquering" as investors realizing an etf is "mostly useless" after using it en mass. Since the reason they want to use an etf is so that they don't have to think anything about security or tech how will it have become suddenly "mostly useless" to them? Please enlighten us all on the mechanism of this trojan horse beyond the conclusion you assume.
@_date: 2018-09-26 08:48:19
Patents are public and searchable. There is also the defensive patenting by many companies in the btc space.
Not that it would matter. The patent office in a given country can't enforce any action against the bitcoin network.
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:18:14
When the government gets to decide who is and isn't a terrorist it becomes very difficult to draw a clean line between the good guys and the bad guys. What's a terrorist but a rebel by a different name? Are the Kurds terrorists or rebels? What about Julian Assange - terrorist or rebel? What about Catalonia activist groups? Ukrainian independence seekers? Terrorism is very frequently a matter of perspective. Objectively speaking the United States has funded many terror groups when it suites their needs so its obviously not black and white. I don't believe in allowing the government to make moral decisions on my behalf under threat of life imprisonment or poverty. My own moral compass will inform me of who the bad guys and the good guys are, not the governments, and the fact the government would use threats of force to coerce my position doesn't make them look like the good guys they inherently paint themselves as.
I'm a big believer in the power of governments to do good, but I'm not oblivious to their power to inflict harm either.
@_date: 2017-12-24 16:11:14
Decentralization is the big get in this space. It is the *only* thing that separates these solutions from traditional more mature ones. If we have a decentralized platform to build the future of functionality on we can kill the business of middle men of trust. Sacrificing decentralization for features is trying to out compete traditional companies doing the same thing on their own turf. If we save decentralization now we can build more features on top of it later. Putting the features first before decentralization is nothing but greed and irresponsibility. People taking advantage of short term gains at the expense of the future of this entire space.
Bitcoin is the most secure, the most developed, the most decentralized blockchain in this space. I will follow those attributes and preserve them wherever they lead me.
We've also got first movers advantage, the fact that we're the base currency in the entire space and everything is traded against bitcoin, the brand, and an unbelievable amount of hype. We even have atomic swaps across on-chain and off-chain resources, meaning we can interface trustlessly with the entire crypto community. I couldn't be happier with the direction we're headed or our continued ability to weather attacks like this latest transaction spam.
@_date: 2018-09-12 00:35:21
I thought prism was a great idea, and am quite unhappy it won't be available for public use.
I'm shocked that this community still supports Erik though after the Bitcoin Foundation disaster with bruce fenton, after him supporting and enabling Ver and the bcash fork, and after his newfound love for KYC - but it's not really KYC it's new features! - It seems pretty clear to me that every instance there has been a major choice between ideology and business interests Erik always chooses business interests.
@_date: 2018-09-18 21:41:17
It is sad that you decided to write this article without a clue what you are talking about.
For one, you act like you just realized 100x margin is exploitive gambling. The real notable thing here should be how Hayes was damning against okcasino for the same leverage before adopting it himself.
For two, you misattribute the fees as going to Bitmex. They go to makers.
Why would you write such a long misinformed diatribe about a service you have never even used?
@_date: 2018-09-18 23:52:26
Auto deleveraging is when a position is force closed because the available margin is equal to or less than the fees and losses the position has incurred.
There is nothing crazy about that. It is a normal liquidation of a losing position. The problem is with markets as volatile as those listed on Bitmex there is often no liquidity at the force closed price because a rapid price movement is underway. A position is say force closed at $6000 as the price is rapidly falling to $5500 - those liquidated orders sit at $6000 with no one dumb enough to take them as the market has moved far past them. The only thing that can be done is force close the position at market even if the margin on the position won't cover those losses.
So what is BitMex to do? They don't want to be on the losing end of these degenerate gamblers they enable, so part of the fees they take go to an insurance fund. The uncovered losses come out of that fund for each product. But what happens when the fund is emptied?
That's when ADL happens. A profitable trader will be force closed out of their position at a potentially unfavorable price to buy up the losers contracts at $6000 so Bitmex doesn't have to experience any losses. This is the part people like me take exception to, because with the insurance funds shrouded in secrecy (so as not to be taken advantage of by same degenerate gamblers looking to subsidize their losses) you can never know your risk as a profitable trader of being ADLed. They grade each position in real time on its likelihood on being ADLed, but the resolution is very poor and one of only 5 states. If you are say hedging - where your position in one product is covering a position in another product an ADL on even a profitable position can result in devastating losses.
@_date: 2018-09-26 12:13:31
Breadwallet has been dragging their feet, don't heap false praise on them for moving now. Let's see results before praise
I'm also not sure we needed another "hail breadwallet" post 12 hours after the last one which is still on the front page.
@_date: 2018-09-21 20:03:04
People who hold their own keys, run their own nodes, are absolutely interacting with Bitcoin. By what metric are they not? 
@_date: 2018-09-14 23:46:58
Over three. What you aren't understanding is the massive amount of foundational protocol work that goes into that and the sheer number of man hours involved.
When someone is getting paid because you bought their token you can bet they will build any given shitty thing in a slapdash hurry, borrowing code from every corner of open source to do it, and then loudly exclaim how great it is so you buy more. That's what altcoins are. You think they are writing 99% of that code? Nope. It is all downstream reuse.
The same reason start up development times are a lot less than they were ten years ago. Better foundations to build on and already built code to use. That's what devs in this space build, and its what devs shilling alts use to trick you into thinking they can make a working coin. I have literally watched that exact scam happen too many times to count.
@_date: 2018-09-14 15:44:22
Those are not the same thing though. The whole point of this stupid meme is that someone is making you waste time supporting something you said. What Roger is doing is ignoring evidence and focusing on one use case at the cost of everything including decentralization. Very different things.
@_date: 2018-09-19 09:07:14
I'm pretty sure this is the opposite of how the meme is used.
@_date: 2018-09-21 01:26:28
We don't need an etf or bakkt. The people going nuts over this aren't even the prospective customers, they are people convinced it will be the end of the downtrend and dig them out of the hole.
Well buckle up buttercup. Any of these vehicles are as likely to send us downward as they are upward as they are to not move us at all. Moneybadger don't care what a regulator or individual market does.
@_date: 2018-09-12 02:56:20
The same way you value fiat, by purchasing power and application.
@_date: 2018-09-08 17:08:25
Not just that page either, lots of pages seem broken. Thanks github.
@_date: 2018-09-05 14:39:30
You keep arguing against yourself then. There is no way to think the etf will be successful without hurting Bitcoin or giving Andreas more paid engagements, even if some distant transition happens that there is no coherent reason to think will.
@_date: 2015-12-09 22:52:22
So everyone who disagrees with you is brigading? Am I brigading? On what basis do you estimate that a disproportionate number of the votes being cast in a given thread are not from r/bitcoin subscribers?
Seems like a defensive knee-jerk reaction to assume there must be some organized enemy coming to get you instead of just the people already here.
@_date: 2015-12-10 17:45:53
Since you're such a pro with the quote tool feel free to use it where you explain that censorship improves discussion.


I see you edited a comment in about r/science that I missed, but I see no reason to make the equivocation that banning laymen answering of question is equal to banning those who disagree about bitcoinxt being an altcoin. The situations are entirely dissimilar primarily because bitcoinxt is advocated by many who are not laymen. So no, I don't consider that an explanation of why censorship is a tool to foster discussion as used in r/bitcoin. Banning people trying to discuss things is not fostering discussion, literally.


You keep definitely and without merit disregarding all posts from these subreddits as low quality. Unless you're prepared to defend your definition of low quality and compare it to current front page bitcoin content this argument is toothless. In fact there have been a number of highly upvoted posts on those alternative subreddits applauding the post quality, so clearly quality is subjective. Why is your subjective definition of quality the only valid one?
So please, quote for me where you explain how the censorship of r/bitcoin has increased the quality of content.
@_date: 2018-09-10 16:23:51
It doesn't need to be anywhere near that complicated or even decentralized. There is room for companies to profit while offering low trust and trustless services backed by Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-09-17 03:50:32
Why don't you tell me how old you think the youngest boomers are? I think you'll find no boomers were involved here.
@_date: 2018-09-10 18:26:48
I'm not making my case, people are pushing me to state an alternative pegging method as though that is what would be necessary to validate the claim geminis peg is unnecessarily trusting.
Suffice to say there are several alternative pegging methods with significantly less trust than this, including pegging methods backed by BTC. I'm not here to describe specifications for businesses I want to be involved in, that's an unreasonable thing to ask of a random reddit comment. I'm here strictly to say it's possible and this gemini peg is the unnecessary shoehorning of new trust models into old ones.
Someone says you are wrong it's reasonable to say "prove it", and if my unwillingness to describe the specifications of a less trusting peg leaves you in doubt so be it. I'm not here to convince you in this instance, just state the facts.
@_date: 2018-09-27 05:05:38
I am enjoying your tantrum, no lie. Sweet dreams love.
@_date: 2015-12-10 16:55:31
I'm sorry about it too. I wish I could better understand the basis for your resentment towards this population of disenfranchised r/bitcoin users. You seem to view 100% of the bans/leaving as necessary and resent any participation from those members whom you now call brigaders. I resent that attitude as it has unduly segregated this community and stifled discussion. You are wrong about those subs never producing a quality discussion, it's remarkably similar to here in quality terms. Suggesting that censorship is a means to "fostering a community where discussion can occur" is an obvious contradiction - censorship literally is the ceasing of discussion.
So help me understand how censorship == discussion and long time users == brigaders in your world view.
@_date: 2018-09-06 18:40:12
No it isn't, it is what stupid prognostication looks like. You see the same headlines about whatever way it is trending for a given week. You discredit real evidence of manipulation when this is what you focus on.
@_date: 2018-09-04 03:42:35
What at all about his style makes him a prophet other than you saying so? He talks about technical properties, network properties, and potential application. He talks about attack vectors, power consumption, and geopolitics. He isn't a soothsayer.
This entire conversation every word you write is premised on this insane projection you have of AA.
If you understood that Bitcoin is a protocol first you would understand why AA has to warn against an ETF, even though an ETF would be great for his billing. Instead he speaks about the objective facts and consequences of increasingly centralized custodial services.
@_date: 2018-09-19 03:09:47
Heed this wise persons words. Bitcoin isn't money, it is freedom from censorship and that freedom comes not from blockchain but from network participants and the economic/decentralized security model.
@_date: 2018-09-22 02:23:00
My entire original point is that if you aren't holding the keys - eg like on an exchange - you aren't interacting with Bitcoin either as a protocol or token. You are engaging in bakkt bucks, or etf dollars, or coinbasecoin
@_date: 2015-12-10 19:58:23
If you already explained it you should be able to quote yourself with trivial effort, just as I did.


So help me understand how censorship == discussion and long time users == brigaders in your world view.
 Again, lets just go through the things you don't want to address: 


@_date: 2017-12-31 19:04:08
I say "attack" because it is quite obvious transaction volume follows both a political agenda (starting and stopping as political milestones like the NYA are reached) and a transaction structure (many hundreds of inputs, fees which are hundreds of times the value of the transaction) which could only be interpreted as malicious.


I couldn't disagree more. The much more serious affect is the affect on decentralization, not the temporary affect on fees for the duration of an attack. Viability &gt; temporary quality of life issues.


This is outright wrong. There is no limit on the number of transactions you can send, just the number of transactions you can pay for and it is objectively true that filling bcash blocks would be cheaper than filling bitcoin blocks. The objective of such an attack isn't to raise fees, it's to fill blocks. Fees pay miners and reinforce the security of the network.
Bitcoin cash doesn't protect users. The protection of users is a mirage. There is no balance between quality of life and decentralization, it is black and white. Decentralization is the viability of this network as decades of centralized predecessors have shown us as they have been shut down. Quality of life can be addressed through additional layers or other means, decentralization cannot. 
@_date: 2018-09-12 20:10:52
Describe the mechanism of them stopping people from using Bitcoin. I'm not deluded, I am quoting literal fact in action right now. Peoples homes are being raided by police, their miners being stolen and they are being thrown in Venezuelan jails or worse. Yet Bitcoin use grows in Venezuela as miners and users go underground en mass.
Banning bitcoin is like banning prostitution. Good fucking luck stopping people from executing math or using their genitals. 
Describe the mechanism of action of a ban that is effective. A ban is entirely unenforceable.
@_date: 2018-09-09 18:14:22
I guess it's unreasonable to expect linking to primary or even secondary sources as opposed to sources 6 times removed.
@_date: 2015-12-09 21:56:47
Right now your comment is the most controversial in that thread you link. I am saying that changing the sort order did not affect comment scores. You are asserting that changing the sort order did affect comment scores. So you are effectively saying that previous to now your comment was not controversial and not on top when sorted by controversial, and that the controversial sort order itself influenced the voting on your comment to change the comment ordering, placing you on top. Is that correct?
Since I don't have a time machine and didn't save the page a month ago I can't verify whether the controversial sort ordering is responsible for a change in the overall sentiment of your votes - but I do know that the most infamous example of this controversial sort reordering behavior was in [the thread]( in which theymos was heavily downvoted for his exchange with Brian Armstrong and it most certainly did not change voter sentiment. It provoked several new posts upset with theymos for changing the sort order. Voter sentiment is being expressed every day in this subreddit and in every way possible and it's universally negative. It takes some serious mental jumping through hoops to think that changing the sort order on comments is going to affect public sentiment in a positive way when you are surrounded by people doing everything they can to indicate to you that it does not. All it accomplishes is putting positions a minority agree with on top.
@_date: 2018-09-27 05:01:05


You've read your own comments in this thread right?
@_date: 2018-09-15 23:57:09
Constant appeals to your authority and no justifications for opinions. Why pray tell can you not keep the information you want in a layered protocol with very limited onchain activity?
The whole point of the solution I am pointing out to you is to deal with the limitations on chain. You simply have no idea what you are talking about. Having to pay for their daily expenses using fiat is entirely irrelevant to resolving trusting data onchain using checkpoints, SPVs, using pegs, or even using a drivechain style merge mining if you are that insistent your job needs a blockchain. The point is its Bitcoin or nothing. Paying people with whatever you want, Bitcoin is for trust.
Keep appealing to your authority, I have worked with plenty altcoin communities and built more than my fair share to know you are full of shit. Believe it or not, developing altcoins has no relationship with knowing how to use the right tool for the right job. In fact it is usually the opposite, since altcoins are using the wrong tool for the job.
ANYTHING YOU CAN BUILD AS AN ALTCOIN YOU CAN. BUILD AS LAYERS RESOLVING TO BITCOIN.
@_date: 2018-09-15 22:21:02
Every single one of those applications would be better resolving to Bitcoin as a sidechain or layered protocol. They do not need their own blockchains, most would be best offchain. I strongly suspect by your assumptions that using the Bitcoin blockchain means putting every bit of food or safety date directly onchain you do not understand what it means to build in layers.
I have been here longer than you, so let's not make assumptions.
@_date: 2015-12-10 02:24:49
I don't deny brigading happens, I deny that it's the reason people downvote posts by mods and those who support their unpopular policies. The new communities are a clear consequence of the non-brigading negativity that exists in this subreddit - the same negativity you wish to explain by brigading. This is probably because 100% of those links you call brigading are from "new communities" forced into existence by theymos insane mod policies. They are pro bitcoin and pro bitcoin discussion - passionate users. They are not some stop by visiting crowd of yahoos looking to manipulate the votes, they are disenfranchised core users. Brigading is not the reason r/bitcoin's mods experiences the negativity they do, all of the negativity is from subscribers and ex subscribers who I think are well within their prerogative to influence the content of this subreddit with votes.
So we disagree on that point - fine. It doesn't matter. Even if brigading had becoming so deleterious and unstoppable, by what means is changing sort order or hiding scores a protection mechanism? It doesn't effectively stop any visiting parties from voting on whatever presupposition they received in the brigading link. The only thing being effectively accomplished is the silencing of r/bitcoin 's own user base, which is exactly what created these new communities and supposed brigading in the first place. 100% of these observations are simply explained by theymos' megalomania, not brigading or outside influences.
@_date: 2015-12-10 14:40:48
If you believe censorship == fostering a community where discussion can occur then your head is truly planted too far up your ass to have a reasonable conversation about it.
@_date: 2018-09-18 23:19:17
I think they do everything in their power to educate users. The amount of documentation is thorough. They provide an entirely free practise platform to fake trade on and gain experience, and an excellent calculator tool to examine how fees and market conditions affect positions. As far as I am concerned all that information is already there.
The fucked up things about bitmex are ADL, the invisible insurance funds, and the hypocrisy of 100x and how it takes advantage of gambling addicts and idiots.
@_date: 2015-12-04 17:17:24
I am absolutely not saying that. I am saying you shouldn't offer 2fa through email or sms.
@_date: 2018-09-06 17:07:25
He could have shut down like lavabit. How is that not a choice? It is really easy to say it but it is also objectively true. His is not the first business nor the last to be pressured by lawmakers and all have the same choices. Comply, resist, or shut down.
@_date: 2018-09-17 18:25:56
If you aren't gambling with more than you can afford to lose you don't exit, you wait. If you are gambling with more than you can afford to lose you sell immediately because you dun goofed.
@_date: 2018-09-16 10:28:52
I never suggested I support equality of outcomes, and if you think I did clearly you didn't catch those virtues.
@_date: 2018-09-15 03:57:52
I think rebutting constant attack, motivating clearly bad actors to continue mining honestly is direct evidence you are full of shit. That drama and divide you cite is part of the strong evidence of the incentives at play. Despite all their huffing and puffing Bitmains every move against Bitcoin yielded self sabotage while the were forced to keep mining honestly to stay afloat.
@_date: 2018-09-28 09:23:40
Really speaks to their priorities - list as many shitcoins as is possible and facilitate as many trades as early in a shitcoins life as possible.
Just once I would like to hear about a Bitcoin company devoting resources to the core implementation to help secure the long term ecosystem instead of constantly trying to subvert it and profit off scams at the expense of their users.
@_date: 2018-09-12 16:23:37
After riding the lows for a few years even the ups will lose their luster, price just stops mattering. People will call you crazy for not selling the bottom, they will call you crazy for not selling the top.
All I want now is to excitedly yammer about the reinvention of trust as it is increasingly applied to the world.
@_date: 2018-09-19 22:59:54
I've had to deal with reversing credit card charges for a number of reasons with mixed success and enormous effort. The first time the process for me was several months long, required proofs in the form of written statements and receipts from other locations demonstrating I wasn't at the place I was charged at the time, and I didn't get all of the charges covered at the end of it all.  Another time I was disputing a charge for a service I wasn't provided  - purchased tickets to an event and wasn't admitted. Again after months and several phone calls and emails, no charge back.
Just because you have never once had an issue doesn't mean issues don't exist. Your anecdote is not everyones anecdote. I again encourage you to allow your identity to be stolen if you feel the recourse is so trivial.
@_date: 2015-12-05 00:22:08
Can someone help me understand how the FBI has jurisdiction over a Canadian citizen in Thailand? It really bothers me that this is judicially possible, how can American law be internationally applied like that?
@_date: 2018-08-04 23:16:13
I explained in as plain English as I could. They are not both Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-09-28 06:11:45
Anyone else having trouble loading chat?
@_date: 2018-09-27 04:54:19
You're telling me you don't take the opportunity to tease and mock children when it presents itself? You're missing out. Each poke intensifies the reaction until you reach a local maximum. I think of it the same way a big brother would help a little brother learn their behavior isn't acceptable - through general torment.
@_date: 2015-12-01 09:31:51
We do vote with our feet. We also vote with our words and our votes. Should we limit ourselves to one expression of our dissatisfaction? Your illustration of private property rights are way off base, the moderation team does not own the subreddit. Reddit owns the subreddit. I am not trying to make the case reddit should be a democracy, I am making the case that there is clear evidence that the self aggrandizing behaviour of theymos and his team is alienating users - as evidence by the votes and more, the subscription counts. Many users do not agree that the content marked controversial is of merit as do the moderators. That's just a fact. 
Absolutely no one is making the case theymos isn't welcome to run this place into the ground, we're actively disagreeing though that he should and until every dissenting voice is banned I presume we're free to continue telling the mod team they are doing a horrible job. Looking at the actual content that this moderator felt was so important I am bothered that they feel their judgement is superior to the publics. I see no reason why most people would be more interested in the comments marked controversial instead of the most upvoted, especially when the most upvoted comment thread in this instance has had significant repercussions for a major bitcoin company compared to the average reddit comment. Please, someone quote for me the gem of a comment which was burried and was worth drawing attention away from the theymos debacle.
@_date: 2017-12-31 20:02:32
An expensive PoW algorithm increases the cost to attack. It's important. You don't want a network where the cost to attack is buying out the latest stock in GPUs or renting a botnet.
Do you think it is possible to run the bitcoin network with smaller blocks and high min relay limits either right now or in the envisaged future? I don't. Where as I can see a potential future with 1mb base blocks, even 2mb blocks. I don't see a decentralized future that is possible with 8mb blocks this early in the lifecycle, or with a modus operandi of raising block sizes whenever there is network congestion.
You can't look beyond users to see the impact nodes have on decentralization.  Short sighted users like yourself may only care about fees, but many of the rest of us care primarily about decentralization. We care about the platform of trust which is already shaping the future.
@_date: 2015-12-08 19:10:47
This is not the case. The mods have been selectively changing the post order to controversial on threads in which the mods view clashes with the public. Just change sorting order to top or best from the default controversial in many of these threads and you can observe the difference in post quality for yourself. You can disable these changes in your preference page by disabling custom css and recommended sort, but it will affect your entire reddit experience.
@_date: 2018-09-13 17:41:03
Then block me. You don't police my comments.
@_date: 2018-09-07 05:39:08
It's the mechanics at play, as I have explained a dozen times - not your inability to think of one. There isn't one. To think of one precludes the premise of bitcoins operation - personal responsibility.
There isn't the ability to think of a solution because there is no software solution for the entire premise of bitcoins existence - it is itself the solution and it comes with certain limitations like personal responsibility.
Nothing I say is going to make you understand that, you're just going to keep rambling unsubstantiated opinions so I am going to leave this as the end my engagement in your string of incoherent assumptions.
@_date: 2018-08-03 11:44:05
I don't think you understand how a bank works, they don't go around asking for loans they provide them. More than that I very easily could secure a loan using BTC as collateral, as could anyone with me. There are even automated p2p lending platforms that automatically resolve the collateral via smart contract to the lender when a payment is missed.
Dream a little bigger than whatever box you've put yourself in.
@_date: 2018-09-26 07:10:14
There is no current mtgox sell off. I have no idea how these insane rumors propagate and transform every day.
@_date: 2015-12-04 17:13:39
I get that you also offer it, I specifically suggested that amateur users would not immediately realize they were not using 2fa correctly by casually using several of your 2fa methods that can be localized. Do you disagree? Why are you offering 2fa email in the first place since it can so easily be useless - most people have email on most devices right alongside their web browser, making it easy to use one device for 2fa and login.
@_date: 2018-09-28 09:17:43
I hope this leads to better alternatives to RSK. That 20% fee they take kills me.
@_date: 2018-09-22 23:44:48
Lightning is off chain, it has no realistic maximum transactions per second. Channels can even be rebalanced off chain. On chain is a different story.
@_date: 2018-08-21 16:47:56
My God the sweet karmic justice. Some users in the rbtc comments are suggesting bitmain is taking over the protocol and encouraging a uasf! Bahahaha
@_date: 2018-08-03 23:21:18
Traditional banks will also adopt Bitcoin backing meaning you won't have to trust them for deposits. It will be a wonderful future.
@_date: 2018-09-10 16:13:53
By noting the bitcoin locked up in smart contracts that you have keys for is worth the dollar peg the contract quotes. And when it's not you assume the peg has failed, the peg provider has gone out of business, or any other thing and you simply withdraw your no longer pegged BTC and go about your business.
The only wrong answer here is using old trust models and claiming it is something revolutionary and new. Give me a peg that cannot be seized or censored, and I can audit myself. There is no reason not to other than it's more expensive to peg for the pegging company and implies them giving up significant control over user funds.
@_date: 2018-08-13 18:39:43
They were in the right place at the right time with the right product. They got lucky, and like so many who have been lucky in this space or life in general immediately mistook that luck for their own skill and competence; proceeding to make decisions as though they were invincible and could do no wrong.
@_date: 2018-08-21 14:26:54
As the article about this yesterday notes he paid over 100k out of his cash out in taxes the moment he cashed out.
@_date: 2018-08-26 18:56:42
No. Schnorr adds significant privacy and opens the door for features like ring signatures.
@_date: 2018-08-22 20:05:23
Seems about 6 months after every halving a serious bull run starts.
@_date: 2018-08-13 18:48:58
I'm not sure why these headlines are floating around, this is not "hacking" the device, there is no security breach of keys or transactions or privacy. This is just a mod that uses the wallet hardware to run doom.
Not that anyone in the media knows the difference. I have no faith that this wallet is actually unhackable but the makers are right to threaten those making false claims and not offer them the bounty.
@_date: 2018-08-01 03:01:59
Coinbase is the antithesis to cryptocurrency and decentralization. That anyone who has used Bitcoin for more than a year or is even remotely informed would use them alarms me.
@_date: 2017-12-31 21:10:58
More than 1 guy, but keep believing whatever lies you want to tell yourself. Like I said, disingenuous.
@_date: 2018-09-06 01:18:16
Ease of use and being your own bank are incompatible. Being your own bank will never be easy if you are an idiot. Nothing, ever, will change that. It isn't a software engineering problem. I don't know what makes you think it is or that a lack of incentive is the reason you don't have it.
I'm the guy who would never retreat on a battlefield? This started with you insisting - baselessly - that AA was against the ETF because it would make him obsolete. You were making absurd statements then and you haven't stopped since. If you think you have demonstrated anything in the above comments other than your warped world view you are mistaken.
@_date: 2018-08-15 17:48:58
Bitcoin can enable anonymous layers and Schnorr opens the path to things like ring signatures. Monero isn't going to be immune to the "layers boom" any more than other altcoins.
@_date: 2018-08-04 12:47:09
Yes, we are both cautioning Bitcoin isn't a get rich quick scheme. Too many people losing their ass chasing the price, have to get them out of the mindset of price high or low and get them into the mindset of mitigating trust. If the business community could just get that this is a trust network not an asset they might suddenly see it's value proposition and "backing" as a unit. At the end of the day it is an asset to, an asset that buys the privilege of trusting the world's first and most expensive pay-to-hack distributed ledger. What a unique security model immune to many traditional forms of security breach or mismanagement for a smart contract platform!
First and most base application - financial transactions to enable the Nash equilibrium creating this economic and distributed security model. Next step, building layers on top of that base selectively refering trust - things like escrow, atomic swaps, banking relationships, insurance, digital asset issuance, and a playpen of groundbreaking technologies. Third step, traditional services realize they can integrate layered solutions to accomplish the business tasks they are already performing with less trust, less insurance, less delay, less manpower, and machine operable. They will start backing their services with Bitcoin fiat pegged smart contracts eliminating regulatory and insurance requirements, as well as selectively introducing auditability. 
@_date: 2018-08-29 17:15:29
They state above it is their own money that they earned from doing "estate agent" work though I am not sure what that means. You are right for sure if it is the parents money.
@_date: 2018-08-31 18:05:17
My exit strategy revolves around evaluating which of these networks possess the best security and trust properties. Decentralization, immutability, cost to attack, impact of attack, major attacks rebuffed, number of independent network participants, deflationary supply properties. These are properties that create trust, and I think trust is the valuable innovation of this space. Something that won't factor into my exit strategy is price. 
@_date: 2018-08-23 20:23:46
Coins would be horded and available supply would plummet, likely causing an increase in price. Some miners would get out of the game, but many just like holders would stay and holld on to their red ink.
@_date: 2015-06-14 17:34:38
If anything she seemed to be explaining the illusion, why one volume may seem larger than another - but in fact be the same.
@_date: 2018-08-04 10:07:20
The idea of wealthy or not wealthy shouldn't enter the equation, I feel like that is how people lose everything. You should buy Bitcoin to eliminate trust. If you don't have a use case eliminating trust you probably shouldn't be buying Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-08-17 14:21:58
Very trackable it is a transparent ledger. You are only identifiable though if you tie identifying information to an address in the chain of traceable transactions. As BTC is illegal for you simply never ever associate your name to any of your coins and always broadcast transactions from an out of country IP if possible.
@_date: 2018-08-05 15:50:45
A Fiat is the only kind of fiat I want to buy with my bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-08-01 15:07:37
Trust. Trust is the problem BITCOIN solves. Everything else is a mirage.
@_date: 2018-08-08 03:08:27
Many people do not need to take advantage of privacy features. For them this is perfectly acceptable.
In other fun news I was just reading that Schnorr signatures open up the path to ring signatures down the road, wouldn't that be keen?
@_date: 2018-08-01 21:08:24
It's only a debate when you bring technical facts, and you don't have any of those. Did you see the recent Graphene post in the other sub comparing it to bloom filters which was a 2013 Mike Hearn improvement? Just a completely dishonest comparison inherently.
The only person worth having a technical debate over this with is possibly Gavin, the BCH population is somehow even more oblivious than the BTC population.
@_date: 2018-08-29 23:36:42
As to say, not at all applicable to this post or anything outside that specific case or descriptive of the childs property rights.
@_date: 2018-08-21 17:04:43
Bitmex Research is possibly the best informed commentary in this space, and Bitmex itself the largest casino. Highly recommended,  just watch your leverage folks and don't buy a contract without reading it's full specifications and using the profit/loss calculator first.
@_date: 2018-09-30 09:39:52
The miners are not a centralized entity, something that relies on miners isn't inherently centralized the way a single company skimming all fees is.
It's fine for some applications of a sidechain to be centralized - a decentralized smart contract system leveraging the bitcoin miners for the security model isn't one of them.
@_date: 2018-09-28 12:41:58
Nah, RSK is going to face other sidechains and drivechains doing the same job as well as their own fork threats. Even the drivechain in this OP only makes on-chain transactions once or twice a year, leaving deposits as the only real onchain transactions occurring with any frequency.
PoW is expensive, we only really need one PoW blockchain on the planet to act as an anchor of decentralized trust. I see it as a winner take all market, and all these features people currently associate with altcoins will be built on top of that anchor of decentralized trust. It's the only thing of value in this space at all.
@_date: 2018-08-03 11:56:19
It isn't, and it's not Bitcoin. Being the best doesn't give you a name, and by every measure it is not the best. You are going to get banned for promoting an altcoin and it will be well deserved so watch it.
@_date: 2018-08-15 06:41:06
That's at least a claim of mildly more merit. Was the device still in an authorized state? No point locking the windows when the door is wide open.
@_date: 2018-09-17 16:26:16
Yeah but if it is taking place in the midst of a general blockchain convention I am just going to spend the whole night drunkenly arguing about why blockchain is inherently worthless as opposed to celebrating bitcoin.  Better than nothing maybe, but the alternative isn't nothing.
@_date: 2018-08-23 01:48:31
It's not an either or, I'm sure Andreas would say any major custodial on ramp is bad for Bitcoin. We need more trustless on ramps, banking services that allow you to hold your own keys and cannot be shut down.
@_date: 2018-08-29 22:42:36
So you assert 17 year olds do not have property rights where you live? They certainly do where I live in North America.
They are explicitly allowed to: "manage alone the income they earn from work, crafts or sports".
If the child has a high income and is spending recklessly the tutor has to petition the court to make the income fixed. I feel like parents think their rights extend a lot further than they do and the trampling of underage rights is common place. Rights aren't earned or established from trust, they are inherent. What you have described is a gross misunderstanding of childrens rights under the law.
@_date: 2018-08-23 18:29:03
Well, RSK isn't a coin. It is a protocol like lightning. It actually uses the entire EVM to run the exact same smart contracts as ethereum except with Bitcoin and using the Bitcoin miners and security model. It's what we call a drivechain, which is a side chain mined by bitcoin miners simultaneously to Bitcoin. It currently has over 60 percent of bitcoin miners mining it and securing it.
So any valid ethereum smart contract is a valid RSK smart contract except it is more scalable as it discards a significant amount of on chain data as temporary,  and enables protocols like lumino compression which boasts enabling billions of smart contract users.
RSK is ethereum as a Bitcoin layer. It won't take the number 2 spot it has no market cap. It is the number 1 spot.
@_date: 2018-08-24 00:11:18
You're brilliantly stupid, you know that? How's that for a concise point?
@_date: 2018-08-25 04:40:00
It creates a kind of soft price floor where supply drops off due to miners holding, doesn't really mimic the price.
@_date: 2018-08-09 19:00:19
I did. What consequences did that specific commentary have? Was it what influenced ANYONE away from Gavin's arguments? No. Anyone asserting as much should out the name of the individual they thinks conclusions on scalability were changed based on where Gavin posted so we can mock and shame them. None of that whining factored into anyone's decisions even the whiner. It is at most useless trivia.
@_date: 2018-08-20 03:16:47
If you genuinely think this you don't understand what gives a blockchain value. It's the network participants and security model that create trust and immutability. Everything *must* be built resolving to Bitcoin to be worth anything at all, as it is alone the only protocol with a decentralized security model and significant cost to attack.
I cannot believe the number of people in this sub who don't understand what Bitcoin is or accomplishes.
@_date: 2017-12-31 20:46:38


Nope. Play through such an attack on your head, start with the hundreds of millions of dollars in cost building 50% of the current networks ASIC's, then add the cost of electricity. Then factor in the returns -  which if the attack is truly successful should be 12.5 units per 10 minutes of a rapidly collapsing currency. So you've now invested hundreds of millions of dollars for the end goal of destabilizing at best the currency.
Now tell me, does it cost the same hundreds of millions of dollars to rent a GPU botnet? To rent a server farm of GPUs that could represent 50% of *any* GPU currency? The cost to accomplish the same attack is absurdly different.
Seriously, just think through any of the ideas you have to their NEXT step. That's why I have called you short sighted, you have all these ideas but never move beyond their immediate context.


Yep. You heard me say as much too if you read (as well as many core and ex-core developers), what's your point? We did increase the blocksize by about 1.75x with segwit so I don't know what you think is so controversial about the idea that 2mb blocks are safe.
@_date: 2015-12-01 07:39:38
You mistake bitcoin for r/bitcoin. While the technical decisions concerning bitcoin may be guided by a plutocracy, social media discussion is guided by a deranged and misguided dictator. When I say the moderation team is not in keeping with the ideals of bitcoin, I mean to express that bitcoin is both decentralized and censorship resistant - pretty much the exact opposite values as those displayed by the mod team which is very centralized in power and censorship happy. Democracy has nothing to do with it.
@_date: 2018-08-07 02:52:45
No you can't. A blockchain's trust is measured by its immutability. Its immutability is a function of its security model and cost to attack. This is why "blockchain" is worthless and Bitcoin isn't. Blockchain without the incentives or network or participants is nothing.
@_date: 2018-08-23 18:04:35
So you went out of your way to willfully misinterpret the researcher? The entire article is about how where the energy comes from is more important and that energy consumption isn't itself a bad thing.
@_date: 2018-08-21 15:03:49
Any blockchain project that doesn't resolve to Bitcoin has no reliable security model, period. All this research is wasted money by people who don't understand what they are doing. 
@_date: 2018-08-06 02:44:56
Mine too. Just lock it and curse theymos for letting the db get hacked (and never moving to he new forum software despite millions of dollars and half a decade of time)
@_date: 2018-08-17 16:04:28
Nope, they will never move the coins from coinbase once they park them. It's super stressful being your own bank, for mom and pop it's like telling them if they mess up with their email they lose their savings. The truth is if you aren't prepared to be your own bank you have no business being in this space. If your phone or computer confuse you do yourself a favor and get lost - this isn't for you and you're only going to expose yourself to risk by being here.
@_date: 2015-12-18 15:54:19
They are most certainly understaffed and run poorly. I can attest to that first hand. I'd use quadriga for a small quick buy but I strongly discourage anyone from holding funds there.
@_date: 2018-08-02 21:30:35
No, the original whitepaper doesn't specify a cap - much as it doesn't specify many features that were eventually needed. Not that it matters who or when - it matters that it was needed - but to be clear it was Satoshi who included the blocksize cap when the need did arise.
As I have said many times not only in this thread, the original white paper is not a constitution it is not a religious document it is not an articles of incorporation. It is a historic novelty worthy of reverence much as any long-since matured but foundational RFC would be. People who aren't in tech don't seem to get this and are forming a cult around the white paper and satoshi.
The white paper does not reflect a Bitcoin that has ever existed, certainly not one that exists today.
People in the other sub and people disengaged with tech don't get this. To them the whitepaper is the planning document for all to come and the instruction manual for how to operate in the ecosystem. It's really none of those things and was never intended to be. Many of their misunderstandings about proposed upgrades come from the way they think Bitcoin currently works based on a misinterpretation of the whitepaper. These source documents end up being the only technical reading these people do. Lets be honest there are mountains of documents out here you could spend every waking moment reading and researching and still not know everything there is to know about Bitcoin, but it's easier to read a plain english non-technical document published before the network ever existed and pretend you understand Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-08-01 14:49:05
I think there is obvious financial incentive for companies to advertise Bitcoin access and education but keep all user action isolated to their services. People will always be gullible and be taken advantage of so we can assume these services will always have users. We have already seen the vast damage done to Bitcoins reputation because of shoddy custodial exchanges - even though again these users were not using Bitcoin.
Long term? Bitcoin is going to be the agent of trust baked into every trusting action you take and you will never see it or know of it, much as you don't give a flying fuck about DNS servers. Using Bitcoin as the backing of trust will change the way all financial services operate, the way escrow is accomplished, and will devastate insurance companies and old world agents of trust  All without people ever realizing it, it's just a new kind of "insurance" and the experts they trust are always talking about all this public financial information they audit on the blockchain. Grandma doesn't care or know the difference, but she will be more secure in her relationships of trust regardless.
@_date: 2018-08-07 02:29:53
It isn't inherently worthless. It is good for paying taxes or otherwise transacting with governments.
@_date: 2018-08-16 20:46:54
I'm being a dick because you're being obtuse. You haven't given these problems any thought at all. What, exactly, is keeping you from using the cloud as part of your security apparatus? I use the cloud. I keep hot wallets, cold wallets, and lukewarm wallets. Anyone can.
Your security will only ever be as robust as you enable it to be. When people lose their keys, that's their own fault. When people let others hold their keys, that's their own fault. When people have a hot wallet drained, that's their own fault. What about personal responsibility do you find so offensive? What you want is for it to be easy, idiot proof. It never can or will be. If you want someone else to take responsibility for you then you aren't looking for Bitcoin.
Be as infuriated as you want, play stupid games and you win stupid prizes. The decentralized security model is a philosophy - if you don't follow that philosophy yet engage with bitcoin you are going to have a bad time. Why should anyone - let alone people like me who have spent countless hours educating - feel bad for people who can't follow simple advice and instruction?
@_date: 2018-08-03 04:31:59
I don't need luck thanks 
@_date: 2018-08-28 15:53:16
Off chain scaling is infinitely superior to on chain scaling. While we are processing instant transactions with full assuredness and in unlimited volume for unfairly cheap fees you can keep posting transactions on chain and waiting ten minutes and paying high fees. Not to mention off chain scaling is more decentralized by merit of not putting additional resource requirements on full nodes.
@_date: 2018-08-20 00:12:05
You are indeed more charitable than me. I only excuse confusion when people are willing to hear they are confused, and not when they assert their misconceptions as reality and their position as experts while discrediting everyone who corrects them as amatuers.
This is why for example mainstream media is taking so long to "get it" . They aren't open to learning despite years of exposure. They are already financial experts and bitcoin is a financial vehicle so they know everything important to know already. Thanks cnbc.
The result is tons and tons of people who think they get Bitcoin because they heard about it from an authority figure and worse, people wh engage in all blockchain projects to "diversify" . Seriously fuck cnbc and the losses they have caused idiots following their advice.
@_date: 2018-08-21 21:22:38
I see the mainnet options on android firefox and desktop chrome, it is the default. 
@_date: 2018-08-24 03:23:39
You not getting a point != there not being a point.
@_date: 2018-08-02 13:57:50
I got in late 2013 during one of the $700 dips. Held at a loss for 3 years, just kept buying what I could afford to lose which wasn't much. After those 3 years of mockery from colleagues and family I'm now the envy of them all. If you have a 5 year plan stick with it and everything will turn out just fine.
@_date: 2018-08-02 20:54:45
I don't know what you mean by independent. There is only consensus, and consensus has dissension. The consensus is however clear. BTC is Bitcoin is the Bitcoin protocol is its participants.
@_date: 2018-08-07 17:37:24
There is an enormous amount of editorial in that content describing his actions from the perspective of everyone but him, often negatively and often incorrectly. For example, Gavin had been trying for a very long time to get support for larger blocks including in the core community and mailing list, but most importantly consensus changes aren't the purview of Core by design. Being upset that he decided to make posts elsewhere than the mailing list is insanity. Is it a biography of Gavins participation or is it a magazine column on what everyone thinks of Gavin?
@_date: 2018-08-03 19:55:48
You can use a house as collateral, and even use the bitcoin blockchain. That's what colored coins or RSK would accomplish - the transfer of the deed and the conditions of that transfer.
The smart contract doesn't kick you out of the house any more than the bank does. You seem to have trouble figuring out what the role of a bank is. The bank takes the deed to the police or a court and gets an order of eviction just as you would if you were the bank.
If you think Bitcoin is a replacement for the courts or the police you're mistaken, it is a replacement for trusting intermediaries - such as a bank.


When you are your own bank you get to decide what the requirements are for you engaging in a financial action. You can use these exact same requirements you cite or any requirements you would like. That's up to you, being your own bank is having control.
@_date: 2018-08-17 06:55:51
This is the same reason Coinbase is bad for bitcoin. We must continue to promote our emergent culture through mantras such as "not your keys not your coins". I'm starting to cheer for the hackers that teach these people lessons.
@_date: 2018-08-06 03:55:30
You'll likely have to brute force it. If you don't know how you can learn or hire someone else to do it for you. It's not too bad, a pretty good learning programming challenge actually.
@_date: 2018-08-20 14:55:03
With zero network participants?  It's altcoin trash.
@_date: 2018-08-19 23:05:24
Wallets aren't Bitcoin, they are every random dumbass making an implementation.  Again,  every random dumbass making an implementation will never change. There will always be shitty wallets.
It will always come down to personal responsibility.  There is no way to avoid that, and there shouldn't be. Use a shitty wallet, win shitty prizes. There is a reason we have the reference implementation.
@_date: 2018-08-30 22:48:43
Those may be one set of rights enshrined by your government to limited degrees, but they aren't an exhaustive list of your rights. Even your own constitutional authors voiced concern that if you specified certain rights people in te future might mistakenly believe that no other rights exist or are implied either naturally or legally.
@_date: 2018-08-01 18:49:00
So a trend that excludes the entirety of 2013-2015. What will these crazy kids think of next? I miss the guy who was doing TA based off the moon.
@_date: 2018-08-01 03:26:55
It scales with participants. It will scale the moment there is demand, and even if it didn't because say it didn't exist - we have multiple scaling layers. RSK is live and can handle several thousand tps, and with sighash_noinput will become much less trusty. The idea that we couldn't scale to thousands of tps today is just ridiculous. All it takes is demand and people to use the solutions available. Between protocols like lumino and lightning we are ready to scale today, it is just a matter of use and demand. Much as we were ready to scale in December - if people had been using segwit addresses there would have been no fee crisis. It is all about demand and use.
We say don't invest more than you can afford to lose because the price experiences periods of volatility upwards of 80%.
@_date: 2018-08-23 00:06:29
Dismissing a bad argument or no argument is not dismissing all argument. You are just blatantly wrong, the facts disagree with you. The linguistic facts and the engineering facts. Do you realize the only thing stopping a 51% attack on BCH is benevolence? There is literally 10 times the required sha256 hashpower available and multiple parties meet the threshold of performing the exact same attacks that just happened to BTG.
There is nothing noble about ignorance, it is you with the mind so void of facts they think everything is up for debate. Some things aren't, BCH's name, client, and value among them.
@_date: 2018-08-23 20:20:22
All these shitty exchanges engaging in KYC then getting hacked has resulted in my identity constantly being stolen and scam attempts by phone and email. It is a terrible problem, we need more ethical and trustless business relationships. 
@_date: 2018-08-13 13:34:55
Oh it is a long list.
My first loss was for $150 buying smoking  accessories online with BTC in 2013. Lost 6k to a miners scam and another 8k learning how to leverage trade in 2014. Lost ~20k to an altcoin scam I didn't feel ethical leaving because I had privileged information so I tried fix it like an idiot in 2015. Lost 10k gambling on ETF approval and ethereum death in 2016/17. Those are the only real losses, any other losses are just on unrealized profits - that doesn't count as losses IMO. At one point at my portfolios lowest I was down ~80% but I didn't sell so no losses. Overall I am up and intend to hold for another 5 years.
@_date: 2018-08-06 03:38:29
April fools jokes are no fun, April fools jokes hurt someone
Seriously though, I would be bragging that my April fools jokes from half a decade ago are still sniping people. I guess you personally have a lot to brag about, but this is especially important.
@_date: 2018-08-10 02:45:40
I strongly disagree that the point of a profile or biography of any manner is to include every possible commentary and mention regardless of relevance so the reader can decide what is and isn't relevant 
@_date: 2018-08-17 14:16:46
Anyone who thinks blockchain projects have value beyond Bitcoin and blockchains resolving to Bitcoin doesn't understand what a blockchain is or where it's properties of immutability come from. This misconception is overwhelmingly common at this point.
@_date: 2018-05-23 17:22:46
Eth isn't a scam it's at worst misguided and over eager. They have done some really valuable work so we don't have to, and we should be very grateful of that. Their contributions to this space are second only to Bitcoins.
That said would I ever hold any? No. Meaningful technical contributions do not equate to valuable properties for wealth storage.
@_date: 2018-08-20 02:03:40
Seriously, the volume of absurd posts in this sub has reached a critical mass.
Don't tell me my motivations. I'm here for the reinvention of trust.
I miss having a place to talk about bitcoin, instead I have a place where people talk about what they imagine bitcoin is.
@_date: 2018-08-16 02:27:31
No. Blockchain is nothing without the network participants and nash equilibrium securing it. That necessitates scarcity of blockspace, mass news publishing isn't viable. You would be better off designing a purpose built protocol from the ground up without a blockchain, probably as a layer using Bitcoin to pay high risk propagators.  And it will immediately be used for child porn, not news.
@_date: 2018-08-28 16:03:54
If it isn't resolving to the Bitcoin blockchain it has no value.
@_date: 2018-08-17 15:19:45
The blockchain needs to sync, it could take a couple days and a lot of bandwidth. Your best option is exporting the keys as another poster mentions and using a different wallet if time is a concern unless you intend to run a bitcoin node.
@_date: 2018-08-22 19:26:27
It's good for bitcoin as Bitmain is a bad actor. Yes Bitcoin effectively deals with bad actors via the incentive and security model, but it's still good for Bitcoin to see them fail and mining become more distributed in the years to come.
@_date: 2018-08-31 00:35:45
My point exactly.
@_date: 2018-08-17 16:37:23
The sense would be in not tying this reddit account to those values, but that sense diminishes the more you post. Did you copy that txid and see if you could find it on the block explorer?
If you follow the instructions another user in this thread left to move your private keys (I know its scary but I believe in you)  you will see with absolute certainty what you have and what you don't.
Edit: Glad you figured out the issue!
@_date: 2018-08-03 19:14:20
The same way you always have, putting up additional assets as collateral or having an existing relationship with the bank to the point they know you're good for it. This can be done either traditionally or via colored coins or via smart contracts like RSK.
Using Bitcoin doesn't suddenly make it possible to get a loan from someone with no collateral - I mean I could but what in the world makes you think any bank would do that? The bank of me certainly won't.
@_date: 2018-08-02 05:51:36
Satoshi is not a god. The white paper is not a religious text, or even a good description of the current Bitcoin protocol. The idolization that happens in this community worries me.
@_date: 2018-08-01 03:08:44
If that's what you think you should sell. It's so absurdly wrong on its face that if you believe Bitcoin cannot scale to 300tps using layers today let alone tomorrow I say dump everything you've got.
@_date: 2015-12-04 16:15:00
I agree that those features are valuable and more effort than most banks put in, but the reality is that ip locking and email/sms based 2fa even with pgp can be defeated by local malware. The whole point of 2fa is to require a seperate hardware device to enable logins, don't you think that providing 2fa solutions which are easy to set up on a single device that is also used to login puts amatuer users in a situation where they are unlikely to be using 2fa to its full potential?
@_date: 2018-08-18 02:08:34
Free isn't really viable or sustainable. Blockspace is necessarily limited and valuable. It's cheap now but it won't stay that way forever. If it was free everyone would put literally everything they could on the blockchain. It's a trust protocol, and trust is valuable. If you want "unfairly cheap" you should check out off chain layers like lightning.
@_date: 2015-06-14 18:13:49
She did strongly imply that's what she was meaning when she motions towards the previous cup and struggles for words, indicating to me she understands the logic that it is the same fluid and it's volume has not changed.
@_date: 2015-12-10 17:26:32
It's a marvel the way people can justify their preconceptions.




You didn't address what makes these people brigaders. You didn't address the evidence that new communities forming is very uncharacteristic of brigading but is expected of mod abuse. You didn't ever explain why censorship is an effective tool at courting discussion. Let's not pretend using the quote tool means you qualified a reply.
@_date: 2018-08-17 05:06:13
Lord knows what you were trying to accomplish in the first place except propagate your misconceptions. Hope you learned something about Bitcoin 
@_date: 2018-08-03 16:05:05
How much collateral would I need? Again, however much I say since I am the bank. Since I am the bank the loan takes whatever shape I wish. Not sure why this is giving you a mental breakdown.
@_date: 2018-08-02 06:03:37
Are you illiterate? You seem to be mistaking me for someone who said something entirely different.
@_date: 2018-08-28 01:23:11
I just explained that to you. It grows because it makes people money, there are cash incentives. The amount they make changes but so long as people are making money you can expect the hashrate to double every few months because new and more efficient miners come out. This would be true regardless of the networks existing size, the existing size is not an input or at all relational to the increases other than the existing hashpower establishes the current base cost to mine a BTC -  which is always more expensive than new miners.
@_date: 2018-08-17 14:51:14
Unless they are smart enough to be spending that money examining side/drivechains it's money being thrown away.
@_date: 2018-08-02 05:31:35
No it wouldn't because we have to support legacy formats. If you would have done the responsible thing when forking and changed address formats this wouldn't be a problem. The sheer number of things that could have been done to avoid confusing people that were willfully not done because the intent is to confuse people is staggering.
@_date: 2018-08-18 05:14:16
This post is as funny today as it was yesterday.
@_date: 2018-08-18 01:09:21
Whoosh. That's the joke. It is a coin mocking bcash and their priorities and propaganda. 
@_date: 2018-08-08 15:48:28
I know so many loud bitches who would wear these in a heartbeat regardless of whether or not they knew what Bitcoin was. Anything to shout "I'M DIFFERENT!"
@_date: 2018-08-28 16:14:14
The fact that payments in the last year have 1) become batched from most major exchanges and 2) the popularity of layered solutions has increased substantially means that 3) people using transactions as a measure of bitcoin use are going to make some stupid conclusions.
@_date: 2015-12-11 15:09:27
Expecting popular opinion to vet a subject requiring high scientific literacy seems entirely wrong. I'm pretty sure as a "journalist" that's your job, and I don't expect you'll do much better counting retweets. Maybe you should instead attempt to learn something about the subject you are writing about and write an informed article instead of one which jumps from random unsubstantiated opinion to opinion.
You being unable to use upvotes for journalism is the first good thing to come from this absurd moderator action. Please just do your job and do it well.
@_date: 2018-08-20 06:22:36
Congratulations. A hot wallet can't be encrypted,  and if it is the software needs access to the encryption to make transactions in the case of a lightning wallet so the encryption is rather moot. An encrypted wallet on an online device without the encryption keys available on the device is more of a lukewarm wallet if I were to give it a name, not a hot wallet. Pretty different security properties and accessibility requirements. A hot wallet is an online wallet able to process transactions, and consequently a major target for theft. Your keys are encrypted and all the information necessary to process transactions isn't available on the device.
@_date: 2018-08-06 05:48:11
But what? You think you are the center of the universe? Shocker. US ethnocentrism knows no bounds.
@_date: 2018-08-02 13:27:15
You are absolutely right, it was a concerted effort to create a scam and many things would have to be changed for any of us to not consider it a scam.
@_date: 2018-09-19 00:22:39
It's an imperfect system, the likelihood of it being needed compounds by the amount of leverage available. At the least I wish the insurance funds were transparent so you could estimate your ADL risk reliably. Or they could always drop leverage to 10x which is IMO enough for anybody.
@_date: 2018-09-28 00:52:58
I will be pretty happy when people stop posting this and keep it in the existing 4 threads.
@_date: 2018-08-30 04:32:05
I'm sure you're a wonderful parent.
@_date: 2018-08-16 21:29:26
Yes I am a dick. I will be the first to admit most interactions with me do not leave people feeling warm and fuzzy. Sysops isn't my strongest suit but sure, I do administer some Linux boxes. Confrontation and directness have value, tangible value of information. Being nice or sugarcoating things or avoiding some topics for fear of reaction serves social outcomes. in this context as well as most other technical contexts social outcomes don't concern me.
Toxicity is a matter of perception. Is giving little concern for social outcomes in a technical context like Bitcoin toxic? I don't think so. You call it crackpot currency but as you repeatedly demonstrate you don't even understand what it is you are talking about. Does BTC attract crazy people and conspiracy theorists? By the bus full. That doesn't make me one. Watch who you paint with those broad strokes. I have endorsed no conspiracy here. I am a software engineer participating in the reinvention of trust. Run a node, resolve trusting data to the BTC blockchain - you can participate in a revolution of trust too.
@_date: 2018-08-30 20:40:29
I don't have a right to communicate infrastructure? Infrastructure in this case is just logic. I don't have the right to communicate logic? You sound like North American governments in the 90's insisting that people don't have the right to transmit encryption related math because they are a "munition" .
My rights are inherent. No one gives them to me. In this case no one has either the right or the capacity to rob my of my ability to engage with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-08-16 21:08:13
Quote for me anywhere you feel I've said something a 5 year old might say. I'm an asshole not a simpleton.
Mantras like "Not your keys not your coins" are incredibly constructive and absolutely what everyone should be saying in a thread like this. If we agree none of us should feel bad for this guy I don't see what your problem is or what kind of changes you'd like to see in the way events like this are discussed among the community. No one is saying he doesn't have a right to sue - or if they are I am certainly not - we're saying the whole point of Bitcoin is he doesn't have to rely on legal mechanisms and he cocked it up by not following some very simple rules.
As far as our personal conversation, I'm being an asshole to you because you keep saying blatantly false things that betray a stupidity I find hard to tolerate - like that being your own bank means wearing a tinfoil hat and keeping keys under your mattress or to use Bitcoin means operating in analog and not touching the cloud. Stop saying stupid things and you'll find a lot less hostility in responses.
@_date: 2018-08-23 21:10:13
It hasn't been his for like 20 years. He's just some rich crazy guy. I think he's wrong about a lot of stuff, this included, but I like his over the top style. If you believe in your idea enough - for the same reason he believes his coworkers should be motivated - you should be willing to put your financial life on the line for it. If it's his idea making him rich then his advice here applies strongly to himself, and he should be paying the experts he hires.
@_date: 2018-08-16 23:32:02
No one said that. I certainly didn't. You are living in a made up world in your head.
@_date: 2018-08-04 04:55:10
It is going to cost more than a satoshi. People need to get used to the idea that the blockchain is a global and shared resource. It is valuable to be included in a block. If you want cheap take it off chain.
@_date: 2018-08-20 08:54:09
Blockchain is a worthless buzzword that holds no valuable properties without the rest of the decentralized security model and network participants.
@_date: 2018-08-11 06:26:56
Holding is using. I don't understand why some people don't understand non transactional use cases.
@_date: 2018-08-20 04:30:59
I spend day in and day out correcting the misconceptions alive in this sub. If you don't value that as a contribution to this community you're blind.
@_date: 2018-08-28 19:16:24
You aren't following, the net increase is from incentivizing people to route through you by entering channels. Think of those channels like your float, and they can flip back and forth in state full/empty - empty/full when you have enough connecting nodes and network volume (which is what the negative fees incentivizes)
@_date: 2018-08-22 07:11:24
Leverage is when a trader trades with more of an asset then they actually have. This can be done by borrowing the asset or in Bitmex's case, simply conceptualizing more asset. In either instance, you can only afford to lose the amount you have in collateral - so once your trade loses your collaterals worth it has to be closed. We call this a liquidation. A liquidated short means someone had to buy back the asset they borrowed or conceptualized at the current price because any more losses wouldn't be covered by the collateral.  In this case 167,222 contracts were bought because someone ran out of collateral, and the collateral was lost and sent to the traders who profited. It could have been as little as 1/100th the actual number of traded contracts worth of collateral.
@_date: 2018-08-02 03:22:42
No it's not, because I and many others aren't selling at these prices.
@_date: 2018-08-26 00:52:09
Or they will just use lightning or other layers...
@_date: 2018-05-21 21:16:57


That's exactly how it should be done. That is easy. You install and configure a client. You could do the same with Core. Include the changes you'd like, recompile, and run. Done. Then you can redistribute the client if you'd like for less technically savvy users - and boom - you have a UASF/SF/HF movement.
@_date: 2018-08-06 02:52:10
There is nothing wrong with using a version 1 address especially if it is a low velocity address like a cold storage. Don't be an ideologue.
@_date: 2018-08-02 13:28:29
Speak for yourself, many many BCH supporters have maintained BCH is Bitcoin from day 1.
@_date: 2018-08-22 19:19:05
RSK &gt; Ethereum. Run smart contracts using Bitcoins security model and the EVM. Get out of Eth before Bitcoin gets BIP 118 passed and SPV proofed sidechains.
@_date: 2018-08-02 18:53:34
Do not use Coinbase. Do. Not. Use. Coinbase.
@_date: 2018-08-22 18:52:29
The only consumers confused by this are the ones bcash propagandists confuse, which apparently includes you. No one who uses Bitcoin confuses the software of a given wallet for the units they are spending. Not once has that ever been reported happening. The only confusion is people like you hearing the way bcash supporters talk and getting confused about what Bitcoin Core means. Stop hanging around again, a very small minority population, and you won't be confused about how the majority of people talk about Bitcoin including the average consumer.
@_date: 2018-08-20 04:14:09
And of course neither master Vitalik nor his worshipers understand the value in full non-pruned nodes. To be so blinded by what you want to achieve that you don't stop to consider the cost, just sad.
@_date: 2018-08-23 17:24:32
I'm torn between hoping they keep trying so I can offload those alts on eager fools, and hoping they don't because they are taking advantage of so many eager fools.
@_date: 2018-08-28 16:46:33
6 months doesn't seem like a very long bear market, especially compared to past bear markets.
@_date: 2018-08-22 14:45:01
Your point was wrong, you are not calling the protocol or the client by their proper names and are mixing them up.
@_date: 2018-05-02 14:30:30
Asking how to learn to trade crypto is like asking how to play the slots. There are some minor strategies you can use to maximize your chances but you're playing a losing game, you're going to eat every bull and bear trap that signals.
@_date: 2018-05-11 23:14:19
Sounds like you deserved to be shut down.
@_date: 2018-08-20 11:32:57
No it doesn't and won't for a long time. Don't tell lies. More off chain users will mean more on chain transactions, but even with the current blocksize and continued optimization like Schnorr scriptless scripts a blockchain expansion won't be necessary for a very long time.
Decentralization necessarily suffers from any increase it is only a matter of how much. You are completely wrong about this subject.
@_date: 2018-08-07 17:57:16
No biography would include half of this content. You feel we need some paragraphs on how a contributor cried about him posting his own research on his blog? Last I checked contributors regularly make inflammatory statements via their personal social media. Let's include the social media content when talking about him, but not the ridiculous crying about where he posted for example. No place in any biography and is of no consequence to anything he was ever involved in. 
@_date: 2018-08-02 16:34:19
Yes I can use Bitcoin to secure a P2P loan though I have always been on the loaning side - much as you would expect a bank to be. There are Bitcoin backed credit card services but I hate them - that's something I hope my current employer can change. I have on occassion used Bitcoin to pay my bills including credit card bills and buying prepaid credit cards.
I mean I am fully responsible for the storage, security, and application of my money. I am my own bank.
@_date: 2018-08-13 18:42:42
Don't short alts, their volumes are too low and their supplies too centralized. They are prone to manipulation. If you must short, don't short on leverage.
Even without Bitmain there are enough people with enough money and enough interest in BCH to cause all kinds of market havoc.
@_date: 2018-05-16 23:46:36


I know this because it's a fact. There is a dichotomy between centralized money and decentralized money. Centralized money run by major financial institutions in America using American global payments rails are subject to American financial regulations. That means when they decide they don't want to do business with legal marijuana companies or brothels or anything else broadly considered bad for public image they get to freeze their accounts. It's no different from any other dollar you have in a bank or paypal or anything at all.


You want to trust their reputation, why are you in crypto at all? If you're happy to trust reputation and PR then nothing of this space is valuable to you. This is the reinvention of trust. Reputation and legislation no longer are required vehicles to create trust. You, Tether, and Goldman Sachs are living in the past even as you think you look to the future.
@_date: 2018-05-10 02:08:11
You can copy an open source software project but you can't copy the agents of decentralization securing the network.
@_date: 2018-08-10 15:54:36
Bitcoin is taking personal responsibility for your infosec. Many criminals are very stupid. I do not doubt that the vast majority do not practice good personal security or safe storage and access procedures for their keys, let alone keep their coins anonymous or laundered. I don't see that as a bad thing, I see that as being your own bank and a great leap forward for liberty and personal responsibility.
@_date: 2018-05-06 19:35:44
Maker fee on other exchanges is negative, they pay you to be a maker. What about the slippage though? You've seen how low the quote is when you buy through a bitpay or coinbase merchant, you know you're not going to get that same price with a market order unless the price swings. You have to cover exchange deposit fees, exchange trading fees, slippage - there's just no way you end up saving money on purchases over time unless there is a huge bitcoin discount.
@_date: 2018-05-21 19:08:30
Core doesn't endorse anything, contributors do.
@_date: 2018-08-23 00:49:24
Evidence that the Bitcoin Futures markets are of significant size: Bitmex and Okex. Required surveillance sharing? Every major US and some non-US exchange shares surveillance data.
These "excuses" are obvious and ignorant, the evidence against them is in the comments.
Cited BitConnect as evidence of Bitcoin market manipulation too, jesus christ. How can they make a decision when they are eating misinformation?
@_date: 2018-08-24 10:28:13
Points been made, no one's upset. I am amusing myself with your illiteracy though.
@_date: 2018-08-08 14:16:05
I don't find that scenario very plausible, and at worst you lose only what you carry around with you in your wallet like any other mugging. If you take 10k USD out to buy a sandwich that's on you carrying those keys around.
The reason the quantum issue is a larger concern IMO is it necessarily puts a shelf life on how long we can continue to spend more than once from an ECDSA address. No one has a date or time when this will suddenly no longer be a viable use case but it is reasonable to expect it could be in the next ten years. That's pretty quick all things considered.
@_date: 2018-08-20 15:56:15
This is so stupid, doesn't matter that it is a crypto when the government can still print it into worthlessness.
@_date: 2018-08-22 17:03:52
The names I am using are the only names used in the public image outside a select group of technically illiterate people. Your misconceptions are not even close to everyone's. We all get it. You don't. 
@_date: 2018-08-23 22:56:32
No where is no one buying implied by miners not selling - assuming the same volume of demand exists while the price is falling, and supply shrinks, price stabilizes and rises.
@_date: 2018-08-01 13:37:30
The need for crypto is trust not payment. We already have lots of ways to pay for things. The products are plenty ready, as I mention lightning scales with users to billions of tps and lightning is not at all the only layer.
@_date: 2018-08-28 15:58:20
Not from thin air, from people selling alts. Where do you think all that market cap is going? USD, BTC, and Tether.
@_date: 2018-08-04 09:06:31
No it isn't. Holy shit you guys are excitable. I wish you guys would get this excited about the talks that get stickied here from various conferences.
@_date: 2018-05-16 22:57:34
Exactly the same as you think about USD Tether.
@_date: 2018-08-29 21:04:15
 for those who want to avoid the insanity
@_date: 2018-08-29 16:53:22
Why is it up to his parents to approve what he does with his money? Does a 17 year old not have agency or property rights? Whether he explained it well or not has no impact on the relationships of trust. Trust is two ways, do the parents not trust their kid to research and educate himself and be prudent with his investments? He shouldn't automatically defer to his parents judgement just because they have a relationship of trust.
@_date: 2018-08-17 16:15:57
If you doubt the accuracy of your node because it may be running very old software you may want to simply check your public keys. Click transactions and copy any of the receiving addresses to your clipboard and check them by searching a site like  for your address.
@_date: 2018-08-20 11:44:05
The future could be a decade from now. Protocols like lumino which is effectively lightning on RSK could scale to a billion users all on its own with the existing blockspace so stop lying. Lightning itself has a near limitless capacity. Your claims about needing more blockspace are simply wrong.
@_date: 2018-08-02 14:55:06
Your reality is what you make it. Mine doesn't involve much of this diagram. If you cash out you can't be your own bank and I am my own bank.
@_date: 2018-05-21 19:26:06
I don't think you understand what a user activated soft fork is. It's just the activation flag. Someone writes the code regardless, and if it gets merged it is in the client again regardless of activation mechanism. SF, HF, UASF. Doesn't matter except in triggering the activation.
@_date: 2018-05-30 15:51:35
Yes we did. Seeing Bitcoin hasn't hit its potential is as simple as basic math. If the price is $1000, and ~2 million BTC are locked up, and ~12 million BTC mined - that left $10 billion dollars money supply for the entire world using Bitcoin, less the uncirculating long term holders coins. If you didn't believe Bitcoin had huge room to grow in 2014 (or 2018 for that matter) you're just not doing the math.
@_date: 2018-08-12 07:33:58
Crypto isn't an asset class, Bitcoin and properties tied to it are. I feel bad for everyone who was listening to a bunch of financial experts at cnbc for advice on anything crypto.
Bitcoin is the one and only. Blockchain is a mirage.
@_date: 2018-08-06 03:42:38
It was entirely a joke, written on April first, fixing a non controversial bug that wouldn't occur for hundreds of years.
What the fuck are you talking about?
@_date: 2018-08-01 21:18:44
Bitcoin.com,  "We are the real Bitcoin". Don't pretend this scam isn't happening.
@_date: 2018-08-28 16:07:34
Blockchain is nothing without the decentralized security model and network participants.
@_date: 2018-08-29 15:56:14
Yes I am only familiar with lnd, and even then I am still a novice at all this. I read far more papers than I do play with implementations. I appreciate your help navigating the facts.
@_date: 2018-08-29 23:21:24
Not at all the case in Canada. While children can not enter general contracts there are a great many exceptions, and no contract need be entered to exchange bitcoin. Minors exchange currency every day. The child is entitled to what they earned working and banking services, and I strongly doubt it isn't the case in your state either.
@_date: 2018-08-19 23:50:30
A blockchain is nothing without the incentives and network participants securing it. There is no immutability in a blockchain or any other desirably property. That's why no other blockchain than Bitcoins is worth using or resolving state to.
Even in this thread it boggles my mind how no one gets this.
@_date: 2018-08-06 07:11:59
You know most of the world's systems run on code that was written in the 70's and 80's right? We build on top of the foundations that were laid before us, just as our children will.
Moore's law is about transistor density, not general technology advancements that aren't reliant on transistor density.
Bitcoins value comes from demand. Not technology.
@_date: 2018-08-19 23:11:41
Scary guide. I wouldn't be comfortable hosting a hot wallet on anything other than an OS designed to be secured for hosting. Any consumer version of Windows isn't going to cut it. I genuinely hope no one follows this bad advice.
@_date: 2018-08-22 16:37:59
Because again, the protocol isn't called Bitcoin ABC the software is. You really don't understand the difference between a protocol and an implementation do you? Unfortunately neither does anyone who uses the phrase Bitcoin Core to refer to BTC.
The names you are using are not the standard names at all. Exchanges trade in units of the protocol so list protocol names. Users download and run implementations and see client names. Bitcoin Core is a client. Bitcoin ABC is a client.
@_date: 2018-05-06 17:39:43
I have no idea what makes people insist this is true. Coinbase is marketing effectively, they aren't substantially easier to use than any other dozens of exchanges.
@_date: 2018-08-02 13:40:56
You don't think that all BCH supporting entities label themselves Bitcoin or BTC is evidence of a scam where BCH is trying to confuse BTC users?
@_date: 2018-08-30 18:50:06
The right isn't to the devs labor, it's the right to execute math and communicate. You don't need any devs labor at all to use Bitcoin. You can manually create a valid transaction and broadcast it yourself all from pen and paper if you wish.
@_date: 2018-08-23 05:00:46
You're wrong, the evidence is as plain as the volume. For the same reason these ETF rejections happened, no significant volume in the futures market which is regulated and part of surveillance sharing. Saying that the US futures are influencing anything is simply wrong. Okex and Bitmex derivatives have infinitely more sway in the realm of leveraged short selling.
Edit: 
Daily CME futures volume yesterday (Aug 22 2018) across all bitcoin products - 28,050 bitcoin
Daily CBOE futures volume yesterday across all bitcoin products - 962 bitcoin
Total institutional futures volume yesterday: 29,012 bitcoin or $187.591 Million USD @ $6466 (price at time of writing)
Bitmex's is just one company offering futures that dwarfs the institutional futures market.
Over only THREE bitcoin products - less than either institutional organization alone, they did $132 million USD volume on Septembers futures, $52 million USD on Decembers futures, while the rolling perpetual August swap did over 4 billion USD dollars in volume.
There is effectively no volume at all for September, October, and December futures in institutional markets which compose only 5% of the total volume of the institutional exchanges. Those same products on BitMex have literally 20 times more volume and are as large as all the institutional markets combined. Comparing August products to August products is very clear as well. Bitmex alone did MORE THAN FOUR BILLION in USD volume on this same day that all institutional markets did $178 million. End of conversation.
@_date: 2018-08-08 03:35:50
It is obvious an address is being reused when it is posted on a Twitter feed or blog. If you value privacy don't send to it, no big deal.
@_date: 2018-05-03 13:45:06
unfairly cheap I bet.
@_date: 2018-05-05 13:56:11
I was wondering where your ridiculously optimistic posts vanished to.
@_date: 2018-08-11 01:38:09
I'd say we will leave it to the biographers to decide who was right, but according to you all they will do is ask a bunch of people who had no impact on this conversation what they thought and leave it to the reader to decide how irrelevant it is
@_date: 2018-08-29 04:14:53
Incoming liquidity is created by creating desirable channels and having low fees. The merchants can only apply fees to routed transactions, which if negative would make him a disirable channel partner and channels will open to him. Does autopilot not consider fees and channel liquidity when making connections? Thank you for the correction on negative fees, if not negative fees then free. I am not sure if any clients support negative fees yet but I was told it was part of the design. Is it simply not available yet, like aggregating transactions?
@_date: 2018-05-06 22:09:51
When blocks were full in december it wasn't uncommon to have over [3 BTC in fees]( per block. BTC miners are also starting to merge mine multiple chains, such as RSK. Similar sidechain projects will consume Bitcoin to pay miners for their system resources and security function.
@_date: 2018-08-08 03:29:28
I didn't miss that point, I include that in "many people". My largest concern with address reuse is ECDSA addresses aren't quantum safe to reuse. Once you send once that address is done. It is a practice with a shelf life at best.
@_date: 2018-05-09 19:10:23
There have been markets to short bitcoin for over the last 5 years. The volume of other futures markets, like Bitmex or okcoin, dwarfs the institutional futures markets. Okcoins quarterly futures see 7 million+ BTC in volume daily. The CME futures which these researchers attribute cause to are trading less than 30k BTC volume daily. To ascribe cause and effect on the premise that there were not adequate shorting mechanisms before December but were after is to ignore the vast majority of the market. 
@_date: 2018-08-03 20:24:46
Transferred off-chain assets like a house deed using a smart contract? Constantly. Colored coins have been around for a long long time now. At a recent conference blockstream was issuing assets with liquid to show how it can be done too. There are tons of competing existing solutions to the problem in active use.
Here are the docs for one such solution, counterparty. It should give you an idea of some of the things it can accomplish today, and has been accomplishing for years.
@_date: 2018-08-31 03:49:28
I expect you are right, dapps have limited current use. I don't think it will stay that way, and I expect dapps resolving to Bitcoin such as those built in the EVM via RSK will be most successful in the coming years. Have to pass BIP 118 first though.
@_date: 2018-08-17 03:45:59
So are you having a conversation with me or him? Who cares if he wins or loses it is immaterial to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-05-30 18:17:32
Coinjoin has been evolving for years, Schnorr isn't even in an adopted BIP yet let alone any wallet software. What in the world are you talking about? How have they risen and fallen within months? Not in any reality have they, only your perception.
@_date: 2018-08-16 14:48:03
That's right. Be your own bank!
@_date: 2018-08-17 06:22:09
You came in here literally spouting lies. I corrected you and you had a fit about my tone. The only one not listening is you.
@_date: 2018-08-15 06:54:01
Is that a show he is on? I don't like getting news on BTC from social media or youtube - I strongly prefer the github and mailing list and IRC logs. People like to take things they don't really understand and fill in the gaps in their knowledge with imagination, better to get it from the horses mouth.
@_date: 2018-08-29 16:44:01
That's why they have a market order equivalent and a limit order equivalent and a time out on limits that aren't filled. The big error here is trying to obfuscate the complexity of these order types to make it simpler, while not making clear the operations and consequences of a given order type so users can pick the order type best for them.
@_date: 2018-08-13 16:31:41
The idea of a "real twitter account" or a "real webpage" implies someone is in control - which is what distinguishes Bitcoin from every other coin. No one is in control.
@_date: 2018-08-19 16:40:49
The smallest of screw ups is forgetting your password. What exactly is it you propose be done about things like that? Bitcoin is being your own bank, it is taking personal responsibility. It cannot and will never be idiot proof. If someone doesn't want to take personal responsibility they shouldn't use Bitcoin. Bitcoin is not for everyone.
Those people will end up using Bitcoin backed services indirectly, never bitcoin itself. It doesn't need to be easier 
@_date: 2018-08-06 15:15:00
I love how every single one of these ridiculous banks wants nothing more than to destroy the trust aspects of Bitcoin by never allowing their users to secure it themselves.
@_date: 2018-08-24 02:03:19
No, I just thought large letters and broken English might be more digestible for you.
@_date: 2018-08-07 16:38:14
This piece doesn't seem very unbiased, Gavin deserves more from this community regardless of his mistakes.
@_date: 2018-05-01 02:10:15
I consider off chain and sidechain layers equally important for scaling. They serve different purposes but they are still layered solutions.
@_date: 2018-08-19 16:45:40
Brilliantly misinformed, bravo for this unparallelled display of ignorance and lies.
@_date: 2018-08-01 02:54:01
I wonder how BitMEXs ADL would have handled this, I suspect by autodeleveraging well before the liquidation was more than market orders could fill.
@_date: 2018-08-28 01:01:42
It is always massive. It is every day the largest and most expensive purpose built network of cumulative processing power. It dwarfs anything close. It is massive today, it will be more massive tomorrow, and for a paltry $500 you can have all of a fraction of a terrahash and mine 0.03 with it over the next 5 months.
Your logic is inherently flawed that because it is increasing at such pace it must be small relatively. The reality is Bitcoin incentive model continues to encourage growth that is frankly obscene - not that the network is small or hashpower is cheap.
@_date: 2018-05-21 15:13:21


They don't want to optimize. That would be spending money on a suboptimal solution they don't want. It serves their interests better if they don't, despite the fact that a majority of their users are currently BTC.


That's not an optimization, it wouldn't ease payment of fees or anything just change how it is paid and when. The problem is the way they use onchain transactions. They use two of them per payment and have tens of thousands of minor outputs to consolidate. The way their business is setup is greatly advantaged by not having to worry about or experience fee events so it is much better to drive traffic to other coins.
@_date: 2018-05-01 13:19:44
There is a lot of focus on the lightning network, but what eltoo is has nothing specifically to do with lightning. It is a mechanism which resolves a series off of chain transactions on chain without publishing the entire series, just the beginning and end points. This will be an important tool for any off chain layers, lightning is just one of them.
@_date: 2018-05-16 23:21:56
It won't be any easier than any other traditional financial rails, Goldman Sachs isn't about to cross any regulatory body. This is about as exciting as Coinbase announcing they are using a blockchain they solely control to track peoples fiat deposits, and you can use them with a debit card. We'll call it Coinbase USD coin!
@_date: 2018-05-16 23:08:16
They are centrally controlled e-wallets. Not substantially different in result than any other e-wallet except in terms of inefficiency and data structure. It will use the traditional financial systems rails to enable debit and credit. Whatever structure their data takes, blockchain or otherwise, it will be effectively no different than any other centralized software e-wallet. Just like Tether is.
@_date: 2018-08-01 20:14:13
They aren't an opponent, if they were they would present themselves as something other than Bitcoin. They are trying to convince people they are Bitcoin, causing people to accidentally buy a coin they didn't intend and lose it to a BTC address. We see those kinds of support requests all the time.
They are taking advantage of our users, our users are very rightfully defending their peers by removing misinformation. Stop pretending to be Bitcoin and none of these concerns exist anymore, which is why you don't see him tearing down Litecoin posters.
@_date: 2018-08-31 16:43:53
Newsflash: every child eventually does just that - you aren't special and providing a roof and food for your underage children doesn't give you ownership over them or their money.
@_date: 2018-08-16 14:43:51
I'm not sure what you are smoking to conclude crypto users, who have been chanting "not your keys not your coins" for almost a decade now are only doing so because they are over leveraged. It is the fundamental principle of crypto - don't  trust. Verify. People without keys have decided to trust and they deserve exactly what they get. We said it at the time of mtgox, we will keep saying it now. Leverage has nothing to do with it.
@_date: 2018-08-01 21:29:45
It can and is debated, you just don't like how those debates end on this sub.
@_date: 2018-08-22 23:52:11
Why would I consider a lie any further beyond it being obviously and provably wrong? I have explained why it is wrong from an engineering standpoint, a linguistics standpoint, and a consumers standpoint. To accept and consider with equal merit foolish or blatantly false considerations alongside sound considerations makes no sense - there is the truth and there is a lie I won't listen to you rave about things you don't understand. 
You are like the journalist that hosts a climate change debate between a scientist and a politician. There is near universal consensus and facts on one side and a politically driven narrative on the other. To pretend both sides are of equal merit or consideration isn't neutral or unbiased, it's strictly ignorant. A false dichotomy. That's what you are doing here.
@_date: 2018-08-01 20:25:07
We already do have better tech and ideas, we are just going to also make sure as few users as possible fall for their scam.
@_date: 2014-12-04 21:26:37
This sort of attack is the kind of attack which becomes more effective the more centralized the mining ecosystem is, and the effect of such an attack would be to strengthen the bitcoin network through increased decentralization. This attack should be allowed to exist, and stand as a warning to those pools and colluding miners who would expand anywhere near 50% of the networks hash rate.
As the article rightly concludes:


I've also [previously pointed out]( how these mechanisms of attacking centralization counter most of the very relevant criticisms of the Cato Institute. This is a very good example of such a mechanism.
@_date: 2018-08-01 13:35:48
Lightning is here today for whoever wants it. The only thing missing is will 
@_date: 2018-05-17 09:48:29
Why are you so eager to trust qualifications over what you can demonstrate by looking at the world around you? You surely don't ask your grocer if they are an economist for charging you for an apple. They know the price because apples are apples and they have a known market. I ask again, what at all are the effective differences between Goldman Sachs USD deposits which have been around a century and Goldman Sachs USD coin? None, this product has existed for a very long time. It is a known and established function.
The only seriously narrow minded person here is you. To believe something you have seen 1000 times is actually something new because they labelled it something new makes you a fool.
@_date: 2018-08-01 13:35:06
Education is power and Bitcoin is not Visa. While there are many use cases to come where people have no idea Bitcoin is being used at all, for the foreseeable future people must be very knowledgeable and careful, being your own bank is not a minor responsibility. Exchanges and users who wouldn't buse segwit are of course to blame.
If you don't want to have to think Bitcoin isn't for you yet. Give it another decade or two.
@_date: 2018-08-02 13:25:01
What Bitcoin is isn't subjective, it is an explicitly defined protocol.
Do you have any idea how many support resources have been consumed at companies recovering users BCH funds that they misspent? It's a lot.
Anything that directs people to a scam has a negative impact on the community which impacts me. Your scam has had a horrible cost as a whole.
Again, it's not about Litecoin or other cryptos it is the fact that BCH is a very clear scam attempt against BTC users.
You seem to have some severe issues with that.
@_date: 2018-08-02 13:31:03
Yep. And if it said "Roger Ver's Cash" instead we wouldn't have a problem.
@_date: 2018-05-30 15:46:29
Bought my first BTC near the top at $800. Didn't regret it for the two years I spent cost averaging after that and don't regret buying at $7600 a week ago either. Every dip is just more opportunity to convert some of my paycheck to BTC. 
@_date: 2018-05-28 14:56:13
Your friend can't lose everything unless it's on leverage, and leverage isn't investing it's reckless gambling.
@_date: 2018-08-27 16:10:20
It is exactly the opposite of what you say. Blockchain has no valuable properties. It isn't immutable, it is grossly inefficient.  It's gets its valuable properties of immutability from the network participants. This is why every blockchain project is worthless, it is Bitcoin decentralized security model and nash equilibrium which give it's blockchain immutability and a cost of hundreds of millions of dollars to effect a temporary window of attack.
What keeps the price from being 0 tomorrow? The same thing securing the network. The nash equilibrium incentives keep miners mining, and they won't sell for a loss so if the price dips too far they clam up supply. This creates a soft price floor around the average cost to mine a bitcoin.  Once the weak hands sell at a loss and all that is left is holding users and miners, the supply and demand equation rebalanced in the favour of demand - which grows in BTC terms as price lowers.
@_date: 2014-12-29 02:32:50
You are unable to describe that usage of your peers or any alternatives for the place of protocol, and if you could as my original comment suggested it wouldn't even matter because I have demonstrated that the word protocol even if it is used incorrectly with bitcoin according to you (it's not) is still being used, thus defining the word as contextually correct.
That's linguistics. At some point in the future you could be right, but you aren't until you demonstrate usage.
@_date: 2018-08-03 20:04:11
RSK has been live since January on main net and currently has over 30% of the Bitcoin hashpower - or triple the BCH hash power. You also don't need RSK to do any of the things we have discussed, you can do them with counterparty or omni as well.  All on the Bitcoin blockchain and using BTC.
@_date: 2018-08-16 16:15:50
If you think being your own bank is hiding money under a mattress you again, deserve to be robbed. No bank secures funds that way and neither should you. I am here literally talking to you advocating for stronger security measures. Fragment, encrypt and distributed long term storage recovery mechanisms, sign all transactions offline, and tier accessibility versus security for your funds. This has been the standard advice since day one.
I seriously don't understand why people think the things you are espousing.
@_date: 2018-08-29 22:27:05
Who cares what your parents say? If it is their money sure, respect their wishes but if it is yours just do it. Stop asking us or them for permission.
@_date: 2018-08-04 12:43:04
Your design argument is wrong. Where is DAA specified in the white paper? Dynamic block sizes?
It wouldn't matter if it was a true statement - Bitcoin has always been increasingly divergent from the white paper. This appeal to the white paper is such a poor argument, you think when evaluating the merits of a potential technology improvement the process should be to look at the first version of that technology and derive your conclusions from that document? That's insane, it's not how any RFC based process works. Software, protocols especially, evolve. This idea of anything more than respecting an influential paper is madness.
@_date: 2018-08-23 23:04:43
An extra word threw you off that much? Nothing changes the demand side of the equation except the falling price which should naturally increase it. More people willing to buy at 1000 than 10000. Reducing supply should naturally meet then exceed an inherently growing demand. Once you've shook the loose hands you'll have no more BTC on the market to sell, and the same demand that was allowing falling prices with larger supply will enable rising prices with no supply.
@_date: 2018-08-24 00:39:42
Heaven forbid you ever try to read a book or paper, they all present opinions with more than 20 words. When you're a big boy and you go to school with the other kids you'll find you sometimes have to make a point in or read more than 20 words too!
@_date: 2018-08-06 15:09:16
While BTC will not replace fiat (fiat will instead become selectively backed by BTC to defer trust and enable smart contracts) it will be the foundation our children build their layers of trust resolution on just as we currently use the very old and outdated IP and DNS systems as the basis for our communication systems.
@_date: 2018-08-21 19:36:48
Lightning is peer 2 peer, these other people have no idea what they are talking about. There are no trusting intermediaries.
@_date: 2018-05-06 21:46:17
10+ BTC gambling, 6 BTC for miners I never recieved, and about ~0.3 for various goods bought with BTC that were never recieved. Also lost about 10 BTC to altcoin scams. Just by the skin of my teeth did I miss the mtgox, mintpal, cryptsy and bfx fiascos or I would have nothing left at all. Don't hold on an exchange more than you are willing to lose.
@_date: 2018-05-09 22:50:00
No, a quantum computer can't brute force every key on the curve - it can only reduce the search space for a private key given a public key.
@_date: 2018-08-17 16:27:25
It says it has never seen a balance it has 0 sent to it ever, that can't be the right address. The txid you have blacked out, paste that into the explorer. If there is no record of the transaction at all something is very odd. Best bet continues to be importing your keys into another wallet for recovery.
Keeping your addresses blacked out makes sense, but you have already leaked enough info for the determined person to link your reddit account to these coins by time and transaction value.
@_date: 2018-08-22 19:26:52
Abbreviations aren't problems, they are solutions. The only one having a problem is you and it's obviously because you've been drinking the Ver koolaid. Weighing each side equally is not being impartial, it's a false dichotomy when the choices aren't genuine. Eating up their propaganda and portraying yourself as unbiased is ridiculous.  There is an objective truth and you are ignoring it in favor of sitting on a fence.
@_date: 2018-08-28 19:42:46
Your lnd instance sets the bitcoin.basefee and bitcoin.feerate attributes - which are fees you charge on forwarded transactions i.e. emptying your side of your channels balance into whever you are connected with. It does make it possible for people to drain your channels - which is exactly what you want, your entire float able to be used for incoming payments. Anyone who wants to send you funds still has to pay the fee the routing nodes to you charge, and not your negative fee. We are also talking millisatoshi. Doesn't even need to be negative, just outcompeting other nodes.
If you set those fees to negative and open some large channels you will see many nodes start connect to you and your own channels start to empty. When someone pays you your channels will start to refill, and then immediately empty again as payments are routed through you. Your ideal state as a merchant is many open channels with your side of those channels empty. This maximizes the volume available to be sent to you. As with any business your float size should reflect your transaction volume.
@_date: 2018-05-05 13:49:07
The mental gymnastics required to support BCH are insane. It requires ignoring all the evidence that BTC hasn't been taken over by any party readily available in the git, IRC, and mailing list; it requires a total misunderstanding of the technical properties of segwit and lightning. The only people who seem capable of overcoming both of these hurdles are people entirely disengaged with the technical facts and prone to endorsing conspiracy theories.
@_date: 2018-05-05 15:01:30
The majority of people, if they endorse a provably incorrect belief, will continue to believe in the face of contradicting independent evidence. It takes 3 instances of corrective action to persuade half of the population, and a startling number will not be corrected regardless of the evidence or number of instances.
So yes, people are overwhelmingly bad executors of logic and estimation. They are also conspiratorial. That's why Rogers marketing is as effective as it is, and why Bitcoin supporters have an obligation to present the evidence against these false views wherever appropriate. Links to the [git repo]( the [IRC meetings]( and [the mailing list]( should populate every thread where a claim has been made that Bitcoin has been taken over. The governance is transparent and is absolutely community driven.
@_date: 2018-05-11 19:10:44
It's only a waste if there is a superior method of creating an economic security model or decentralized state, which by Ethereums own constant moving goalposts with casper and current proposal entirely dependent on PoW seems like an admission that there isn't yet a superior method.
@_date: 2018-05-17 00:00:01


Think about that for half a second. You can already see it doesn't go as easily the other way around so why don't you take a minute to think about why that currently is, and what you think about another USDT owned by a bank changes about that. They already have internal balance systems - what about storing those balances on the eth blockchain changes the frictions that currently exist for moving crypto to fiat?
@_date: 2014-05-29 00:19:28
Nothing is stopping the implementation of that or any other system, but everything I know about soliciting donations says people donate when there is an inciting event. Usually a news article or word of mouth. The issue here is the ideas people are passionate about are the ones they want to fund, they do not want to donate to a panel that will spend on their behalf. I  desperately wish they would but they don't. All those useless r/science front page articles, those are what drive donations. Personal stories, individual PR campaigns, and other emotional triggers are what increase personal donations. Find a way to make people comfortable with someone or an algorithm spending their money and I would agree whole heartedly. 
@_date: 2018-08-07 16:40:46
This is bullshit, it's one thing to dissuade users from a scam but we aren't the anti-brigade brigade. Stop this petty nonsense. Let bitcoin.org sit at 0/5 for all I care, it's not our job to defend Cobra and Theymos pet projects.
@_date: 2018-05-21 17:09:19
Sidechains/offchain transactions can have their transaction process abbreviated onchain by dynamically linking the start and end states as opposed to using every intermediary state.
Someone correct me if that's not a fair enough simplification.
@_date: 2014-03-24 04:43:37
Thin margins should be the argument for acceptance, not against. The more transactions Amazon can push through bitcoin the larger their margin, especially once they meet the initial investment of staff training.
Staff training is really something the Bitcoin Foundation should consider helping companies with.
@_date: 2018-08-25 19:10:56
You create a lightning node by running a lightning wallet.
The point in having a lightning node is it is the only way to police your channel states against fraud. This will be less necessary in the future with watchtowers able to do that job, but right now to trustlessly use lightning you must run a lightning node.
@_date: 2018-05-17 01:29:26
It is condescending. That's because your thoughts about this are stupid on their face. To show you that I was hoping to walk you through the thought process step by step, and lead you to a  conclusion. Because again, these ideas of yours are ridiculous.
Lets try again


What are the effective differences between Goldman Sachs deposits and Goldman Sachs Coin? There are none is the answer. They provide the same function and features. The only difference - potentially - is public account information. Why is that a basis for this being anything valuable? How is this any more valuable than just depositing money in Goldman Sachs?
@_date: 2018-08-24 11:20:10
Just the ones that think what you're doing passes for trolling. I can only read 20 words? Is that the limit of your creativity? I know you have better for me.
@_date: 2018-05-06 13:46:32
When the end user experience is near enough identical (read the stickied Carol uses lightning post) what is the difference? Lightning is then as easy to use but faster and scalable.
@_date: 2018-05-02 23:04:01
These visuals are as reliable as the stability of the Bitcoin price -i.e. not very. I'd much rather continuing using whole btc and satoshi where appropriate, but UI should be configurable to do whatever you want.
@_date: 2018-05-22 18:48:21
This guy thinks these are revelations and damnable but they aren't.
Bitmex has a high product velocity and several very low volume products. They have needed to form relationships with and establish their own market makers to create trading opportunities for these products. As this article points out, these market makers often put themselves in a position of losing money - which is why third party market makers typically pull their orders during periods when they are needed most by the users of the exchange. It makes **perfect sense** why an exchange like theirs would open up an in house market maker who typically loses money. It makes the low volume periods for some instruments a viable trading experience for their users.
Reading this article is painful. It's insane. This guy thinks he is a master detective having stumbled onto a great conspiracy. The reality is BitMex is conducting good business, it's not unethical, and the only real trading advantage is losing money.
@_date: 2018-08-19 17:45:11
Your bandwidth usage will still be very intense. I don't recommend running a full node over LTE.
@_date: 2018-08-15 06:16:56
He is painful to watch. Has he ever interviewed anyone before? If someone comes along and tells me this guy has an audience I am going to lose just a little more faith in humanity. 
@_date: 2018-08-26 03:39:19
Links are directly from the daily thread.
@_date: 2018-05-01 18:02:09
I use bitcoin as a store of value and speculative investment. The company I work for pays its international partners in bitcoin. I use the bitcoin blockchain for notary purposes.
I see a future where bitcoin acts as an agent of trust for currently centralized entities like banks. Auditable smart contracts will enable banks to defer trust to the blockchain instead of upon regulators, insurance agencies, and themselves. Bitcoin is the reinvention of trust.
@_date: 2018-08-31 22:53:30
You are an irresponsible gambler investing in things you have no clue about. There are no regulators for you to run to - you neither understood the platform you were using for investment nor the products you were investing in. You got exactly what you deserve IMO and there is no one that can help you. You did this to yourself.
@_date: 2018-08-02 13:43:30
It's very disingenuous to suggest we are only here because of the UASF. A very small.minority of the community ever signaled for it and you don't know that this minority is what persuade miners to adopt segwit.
It was dangerous and reckless and IMO wholly unnecessary.
@_date: 2018-08-20 07:23:40
Ethereum isn't Netscape, RSK arguably is though
@_date: 2014-03-11 04:01:43
I would have purchased, but your accessories and parts were not on sale. Let me know if that changes.
@_date: 2018-05-06 00:51:45
Think about it like this: as a developer I love free resources. I could fill up 32MB every ten minutes with data I want store forever on a blockchain in a heartbeat. I would start using the blockchain to host pirated content. The problem is that blockchain is a global resource that costs node runers and miners money to maintain and I am leeching off of that donation to run my pirate shop or business for free. Free transactions are not sustainable.
It's obvious what the benefit is to free blockspace. What you're missing is that it's not really free.
@_date: 2018-08-20 01:11:32
Experienced users for now. The need for a hot wallet will be alleviated somewhat by watchtowers which will reduce the security demands on individuals and make consumer grade setups more relevant, but still not preferable.
@_date: 2014-04-08 19:52:28
That's not clear, not at all. At best this is a lobbying group with no authority what-so-ever. There is no evidence at all that they have used their position to attempt to change the reference client implementation unduly, which is possibly the only thing they might be construed to have authority over. This is sheer paranoia.
@_date: 2018-05-23 03:32:54
Not even the only two.
@_date: 2018-08-20 07:40:54
I am not a bcash supporter I am telling you that you don't understand based on your full text, which displays a misunderstanding on lightnings need to have access to keys and automatically publish transactions - specifically anti fraud proofs as I already said - not channel openings but fraudulent unilateral closings by hostile parties.  If your wallet has no access to keys it relies on you checking every minimum channel closing period for fraud and manually publish otherwise, which is absolutely more secure but not at all what you are suggesting or reasonable for most users or the security of the protocol as a whole. Nice of you to assume a reason for me saying you don't understand that relies on an idiocy you have no evidence of.
How long you have been here doesn't matter, how much you use the reference implementation doesn't matter - and if it did for some absurd reason I am sure I could rival you on both counts. Been a user and node runner since 2013.
@_date: 2018-08-20 11:16:13
It's not necessary and is a stop gap at the cost of decentralization.  Why would we do that when we have off chain scaling options? Blockchains don't scale.
@_date: 2018-08-22 07:31:28
No, they are called Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin ABC, as those are the names of the protocol and reference implementation respectively just as Bitcoin and Bitcoin Core are the name of the protocol and reference implementation respectively.
@_date: 2018-08-28 19:55:01
By drain I mean not remove all the money from them - I mean drain your side of the channels to the side you don't control.
If someone tried to steal all your channel funds by doing billions of transactions and making 1 millisat, they would have to pay more than 1 millisat every time they wanted to send you a payment, they would be draining their own wallet much faster than yours - and you can always choose to change the fee at any moment by automatically or manually editing your lnd config.
Edit: and they would have the same channel refilling problems you would, and would never know the state of your channels they were attacking beyond capacity.
@_date: 2018-08-31 22:25:42
You've got the right idea but the wrong execution. Go to the source and avoid the tabloid garbage.
@_date: 2018-08-18 17:37:24
Your phone will be an SPV wallet that uses your own full node in a circle of trust you control. No point in having a full node on your phone, just a waste of your phones battery and storage.
@_date: 2018-08-07 02:38:50
Bitcoin isn't investing or speculation it is a trust protocol.
@_date: 2018-08-06 03:51:35
Several other countries have ETFs/ETNs already. I am not sure why everyone obsesses like America is the center of the world. They could ban Bitcoin and we would be just fine.
@_date: 2018-05-22 00:14:10
NO! WHY A UASF? WHAT MAKES IT A PRECEDENT? YOU MIGHT AS WELL BE JUST STRINGING TOGETHER WORDS YOU KNOW!
@_date: 2014-03-11 06:15:15
I ordered, thanks.
Edit: Never received order. Scam.
@_date: 2018-08-26 00:25:33
Links for the lazy:
[General Chat](
[Price Chat](
@_date: 2018-05-26 22:32:56
"Bitcoin should destroy its most valuable asset, the cost to attack the network, because it's expensive"
Okay then.
@_date: 2018-05-05 21:26:08
I think the community of BCH is paranoid and toxic, prone to conspiracy theory and playing victim.  While I agree there are reasons to dislike segwit, addressing those reasons (like having a cleaner hardfork implementation) would not address the concerns of the BCH community. They will cry that it is a blockstream takeover and laugh at the vain attempt to even start the discussion.
If there's any doubt about that it's as simple as making a post and testing it.
There is a world of difference between a nuanced debate between trades offs of a given solution or implementation mechanisms and baselessly claiming a proposed solution is a corporate takeover of the project. I used to think any child could see that but at least 10% of the community feels differently.
@_date: 2018-05-06 14:02:44
The exchange fees also make everything more expensive. The "spend and replace" evangelicals are narrow minded and unwilling to consider any of Bitcoins other use cases. Ignore them and use Bitcoin however best fits your needs.
@_date: 2018-08-03 21:09:31


This seems to be your fundamental misunderstanding. The person in your scenario isn't a bank they are a banking customer. Being a bank means securing and distributing loans not applying for them. No one is claiming using Bitcoin you magically get loans out of thin air or with improper collateral. That's not being your own bank is or means.
If you only have $20,000, that is your banks total deposits. As a bank you can only manage however much money or assets you have (which you can digitally sign and trade using platforms like counterparty). You can only loan out up to $20,000 + assets. I'm a larger bank than that, but being your own bank provides substantial benefits regardless of your capital.
As for a user trying to get a loan from any bank, bitcoin backed or not, they will have to meet certain standards of collateral and repayment terms. That's just a universal truth. Bitcoin nor being your own bank have anything to do with that except now those relationships are executing transparently and automatically where applicable on a blockchain.
Being your own bank means you decide how your money is secured, who you spend it with, and what financial actions you take with it. Including loans and credit. It doesn't mean magically receiving loans or credit but having full control over your relationships with them. Financial independence and automated contract execution.
@_date: 2018-08-16 14:37:03
No. Just no. It is shocking how many times a day I need to point out blockchain is itself worthless while the entire network - it's participants and nash equilibrium and cost to attack are what create immutability and security. The only valuable blockchain is a bitcoin blockchain or a blockchain deriving it's security from bitcoin such as a drivechain.
Beefchain is fundamentally and necessarily worthless like most alts for having thrown out the network participants and decentralized security model.
@_date: 2018-05-09 22:23:03
There is so much here to learn it's overwhelming. It never seems like there is an end in sight. The quantum event is going to be our Y2K. Big panic, not much impact. The biggest result could be very old coinbase transactions now lost being recovered and brought back into the supply.
@_date: 2018-05-01 15:50:51
I don't want to support companies that have taken active interest in attacking the protocol via private corporate agreements like NYA and s2x, or who go out of their way to support BCH for similar reasons. These companies believe their centralized userbases are merit enough to dictate what the protocol should or shouldn't be and I find that offensive to the inherent idea of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-12-11 17:38:22
Sorting by top should preserve the "leads" while putting the onus on the journalist to still know what they are talking about before haphazardly quoting someone. I don't see how not showing scores disables reddit as a lead generator - you still see what's popular at the top.
@_date: 2018-05-21 06:09:36
I agree lets be honest.
Companies have different priorities than users. They dislike premature optimization, the do like reaching as many people as possible, and they do like lower costs of operating.
Blocksize limits and fee markets, however necessary for the maturation of this limited global resource we call the bitcoin blockchain, creates engineering friction and worse - unpredictable cost increases and a disrupted user experience. It's bad for business. We saw hundreds of blockchain companies migrate chains or shut down when fees exploded. There is a strong incentive for these companies to assert influence to suite their needs.
Through this lens it seems obvious why a business like BitPay would support s2x, why nearly all Bitcoin companies came together and unilaterally attempt to change the rules of consensus.
Just in principle, the idea that companies would attempt to unilaterally make a consensus change is offensive to users who value decentralization. So we fought. Users won. No s2x.
This leaves a bitter taste in an executives mouth. Time to hedge our bets. If this blockchain won't provide the free infrastructure we want lets encourage another blockchain which might. So BCH gets integrated, and they expand the blocksize, and the world doesn't come tumbling down. To any executive this sounds like validation. Why bother even optimizing the BTC chain transactions now? You have the network backbone you want to work with, pouring development resources into a network you know won't ever be as cheap is a total waste of time and money. Allow the negative user experience to push transactions towards your preferred and cheaper solution and be done with it.
It just makes no sense to spend money on optimizing BTC transactions.
@_date: 2018-05-19 16:33:43
Quantum computers will form a new generation of miners potentially, but just like only a fool would have said "ASICs will stage a 51% attack against GPUs", only a fool would think a single party will be the only ones with access to quantum computers.
@_date: 2018-08-17 07:11:24
Is it April 1 already?  The innovation coming out of that shop! I can't wait until coinbase patents a way to drive on roads next!
@_date: 2014-03-06 09:46:32
The average order size is ~225 dollars for bitcoin purchases, so I think that shatters your novelty purchase theory.
@_date: 2018-05-21 23:43:43
Core is a reference client, it is absolutely what is in master. Core is a client. Some of the code in it is contested by some contributors. There is no "Core endorsement".
What AGAIN, does any of this have to do with a UASF?
@_date: 2018-05-10 15:48:26
Each block found every ten minutes extends the blockchain by one. Only the longest chain is valid. If you went back in time 10 thousand blocks and altered a block, you would need to start mining from that altered block with over 50% of the miners to catch up and eventually surpass the original chain you altered. That's what we call a 51% attack. Once your altered chain surpassed the original chain many tens of thousands of blocks later your chain would become the one everyone uses and the other chain would be discarded - as would all the transactions occurring only on it.
@_date: 2018-08-01 03:04:48
Zero conf carries similar risks to chargebacks, lightning is just better and scalable
@_date: 2018-08-01 15:11:09
A lot of these opinions are so ill formed it would take an equal length document just to correct all of the fundamental misunderstandings.
The author is butthurt about the downvotes but if he wants an honest discussion it should start with a premise based on how lightning actually functions as opposed to his wild misconceptions.
It's really difficult arguing with many of these people about technical issues because they are disengaged from the technical facts, they fill in the blanks of how they imagine it works then come to insane conclusions based on a terrible design in their head. How can you have a technical discussion about that? That's the honest conversation.
@_date: 2018-05-17 06:27:27
Difficulty keeps rising and thus the cost to mine keeps rising despite efficiency gains.
Mining will never be done. When the last coinbase is mined the next block will be mined. The only difference in reward will be a single satoshi. The fees are the vast majority of the reward long before that point. Just as now the cost to mine creates a price floor it will in the distant future.
@_date: 2018-08-30 19:49:28
Most banks don't have access to their entire funds at a given moment, and after a certain amount of wealth storage neither should you so you cannot be attacked for it. It's good security.
@_date: 2018-08-28 16:22:41
A solution I don't see anyone talking about is opening channels and setting negative fees. Payments will route through your channels and end up on the other side of your channel becoming available incoming volume, while people will connect to you with additional volume for "unfairly cheap" routing.
@_date: 2018-05-06 13:59:59
Open testnet beta and whitelist main net release. It has been merge mining on main net since January, and has ~10% of the Bitcoin miners mining it. Not sure when they are planning to exit whitelist and go public.
@_date: 2018-05-21 23:09:43
No, with this clarification your original post is even more incoherent. You are asking for endorsement of a UASF to mean please merge this code into Core? You're incoherent.
@_date: 2018-05-21 19:37:40
Because activation code is a near meaningless flag that requires no endorsement or core developer consensus to include in a client. It's why the planned segwit SF could so easily be configured as a UASF by users. Why would you be talking about it like it needs a "Core endorsement" whatever that means?
@_date: 2018-05-31 19:14:28
BitMex Research: The most informative commentary on the space by any party. As always, excellent job.
@_date: 2014-12-10 18:15:50
So the answer is you're unaware that language is [contextually defined]( and you're not open to the idea that it could be. Enjoy your bubble.
@_date: 2018-05-01 01:33:41
They are both BIPS that will enable a robust ecosystem of layered solutions via SPV proofs and offchain transaction chaining.
@_date: 2018-08-20 07:26:00
I just explicitly described what a hot wallet is. If you still don't know I can't help you.
You didn't understand a word I wrote based on this response, nor do you understand lightnings need for access to keys unencrypted to publish antifraud proofs.
@_date: 2018-05-24 17:03:09
Said everyone after every adoption cycle to date. Wake me up when it's 2020 and people are saying this about those who got in before 2019.
@_date: 2018-08-07 03:30:51
There has been a ceaseless attack on Bitcoin by institutions it will replace and governments globally for over 5 years. It has caused price losses and slowed adoption. Remember when China was the majority of this market? Or how US/Korean/Japanese/Chinese/Indian regulator FUD is constantly causing wild volatility? Or how Bitcoin is only for criminals? Bitcoin not only has endured these attacks but thrives in this environment. The Nash Equilibrium securing BTC doesn't care what FUD exists, long term the incentives remained aligned for growth. The exploding hashrate (and price) is testimony to that
@_date: 2018-05-09 18:23:08
Who cares if your average mom and pop can't do illegal things. Your average mom and pop don't/can't hire prostitutes but I don't see that multi billion dollar industry vanishing. There is demand for bitcoin regardless of the legislative climate, and if it proves able to resist inhospitable legislative climates (as it is currently doing in china and venezuela) you can expect demand for that unique property to pour into bitcoin.
It's a lose lose scenario for governments as far as they see it. Either ban bitcoin and prove it as the ultimate tool for making monetary legislation unenforceable, or integrate Bitcoin into society and provide a potential off ramp for money supply which could be disastrous during an economic downturn.
The win they don't yet see is that by integrating Bitcoin you engage the Bitcoin economy, and can put that money to use the way a government would typically desire. The only option IMO is integration, anything else is self destructive.
@_date: 2018-05-06 00:31:25
Thank you for this excellently sourced commentary!
I don't think we'll ever see a change from major authority figures in the bch community, that would be a public humiliation after the fuss they've made. Up to the markets it is, which again makes it so important to refute the misinformation as it is being evangelized. 
@_date: 2018-05-09 20:38:52
I don't think you know what you're talking about. Quantum computing will disincentivize address reuse but it won't meaningfully affect transaction signing otherwise. It will cause a new generation of miners much like the leap we saw from graphics cards and fpgas to asics. It won't be the death of bitcoin as other signing methods and address types can be adopted, just as segwit address types were adopted.
@_date: 2018-08-24 01:53:11
Pro tip, words are expression. More means more expression.
WORDS GOOD YOU READ NOW. OKAY?
@_date: 2018-05-25 23:44:53
It amazes me that exchanges accept BCH at all with this risk.
@_date: 2014-04-17 15:54:28
As a developer, Apple's behavior makes me crazy and always has. "Apps" are a cultural product and have nothing to do with running programs on any device. Remember when we just called it software and companies didn't dictate what software we were allowed to run? Now if you don't launch your software in the app store you have no access to customers. If software met the technical specifications of the device it would run on it. "Apps" are the illusion of ease of accessibility and safety, a process of deferring all judgement about which software to trust to the large companies.
I have no idea why consumers have flocked to this model in droves. I suppose they're scared of things they don't understand, like virus infection and "hackers" as the terms have gained colloquial meaning far detached from reality.
Apples success has cemented this notion of a restrictive marketplace in the business conscious. We're going to be stuck with this reality for a long while.
@_date: 2018-05-23 17:42:41
For example, the work in creating the EVM makes a good model for executing logic on a transaction network. That work has been reapplied by groups like Rootstock for application in layers on the BTC blockchain.
@_date: 2018-05-17 14:54:31
Heaven forbid you actually think about something instead of spuriously guess and seek credentials.
@_date: 2014-04-17 19:17:31
First of all, you live in a fantasy world of absolute dichotomy. There is no unfettered social dogma, it was a rhetorical question. Every other nation in the world has managed to find an equitable balance between the needs of the collective and the needs of the individual, even the US of A is a far cry from its pre-depression "Wealth of Nations" roots. You live, have probably lived your entire life, in a fantasy. You imagine the world around you as you see fit to aggrandize your accomplishments and justify yourself. The reality is that if you were born into poverty you have statistically no chance of achieving your current success without social assistance that comes from your and my tax dollars.
And I'm not from California, you want to look down your barrel before you fire? You don't even know who you're talking to.
@_date: 2018-05-09 22:44:42
There are many kinds of bitcoin addresses. Some minority of old addresses, usually used to consume the coinbase transaction when mining new blocks, use their literal public key as part of the address. That means the public key in its raw form exists on the blockchain when a deposit is received to an address of this type. This is called a pay to pubkey address and is distinctly different form a pay to pubkey hash address - which is the kind of address you are likely most familiar with and begins with a 1. Originally the migration from pubkey to pubkey hash addresses was due to size and usability. Hashing the pubkey makes it smaller and encoding it in base58 makes it human readable. It also turns out that hashing the pubkey means the pubkey doesn't exist on the blockchain, and so it incidentally protects almost all users from fund-stealing attacks. The only users affected by a quantum attack will be people who mined a block a very long time ago, used a pay to pubkey address, and lost the key so the funds still sit in that original address. The quantum computers will use the public key to derive the private key and steal the coins.
@_date: 2018-08-26 00:11:20
Yes, if it wasn't obvious you can only lose what you put in a lightning channel.
@_date: 2018-05-21 16:20:09
I'm very glad to see so many videos recently discussing script. There are countless people who seem to think Bitcoin is incapable of smart contracts, like it isn't programmable money. How the hell did they get involved in the first place?
@_date: 2018-05-17 14:27:51
I do know you are wrong. I can infer it and so can you. 
1. Is it possible for this currency to be decentralized? No, they note it isn't mined and is centrally issued and controlled. 
2. Goldman Sachs has an existing multi billion dollar business reliant on a good relationship with regulators in the US.
3. All the existing friction in the crypto-&gt;fiat-&gt;crypto transition is due to centralized custodial entities a. incompetence and b. following legal regulations.
4. All the available features of this new product are identical to Goldman Sachs existing products.
Conclusion: we do absolutely know that this is both not a cryptocurrency and nothing new or valuable. It cannot possibly enhance the crypto-&gt;fiat movement or visa versa as no mechanism for such an enhancement exists, but all the mechanisms of friction explicitly continue through this product. 
@_date: 2018-08-17 15:23:31
It's completely serious. Good for the above poster for trading up, but most people don't - they trade down. Better to not invest more than you can afford to lose and be gambling on whether or not Bitcoin gets adopted long term than gambling that you are a prophet of price and will pick the right moments to buy or sell. To trade is a completely different gamble and risk exposure than to hold.
@_date: 2014-09-22 17:34:17
r/Bitcoin is not 7 year old friendly. I know this because I am here, and I feel comfortable to say whatever I wish. Please do not let your 7 year old listen to me.
@_date: 2018-05-09 22:11:24
Like I said, I'm not sure you have the full story. The kind of attack you describe relies on having the public key. Most address formats do not include the public key, but a hash of either the pubkey or a redeem script. That hash isn't quantum vulnerable the same way the raw pubkey is. The raw pubkey only ends up on the blockchain as part of a signature that redeems the locked outputs, so it only is public once the coins are spent. If you don't reuse the address then the pubkeys are never public before being spent and the attack surface of a quantum attack is greatly diminished.
@_date: 2018-08-24 07:18:55
Setting negative fees in the direction you want to refill channels will result in off chain channel refills - we truly can scale infinitely with lightning. Will be very pleased when bip 118 and eltoo get passed, reducing on chain data even further.
@_date: 2018-05-13 16:08:39
There is nothing wrong with a wallet choosing to support BIP70-72. The thing that BitPay have done wrong is drop support for BIP21. To my knowledge they are the only major service provider that doesn't support BIP21. What motivations could a company the size of BitPay have for dropping BIP21 support? They will necessarily limit their customers to BIP70 supporting wallets. That's a very serious negative and the reason no one has followed BitPays lead.
@_date: 2014-12-27 19:28:19
It's a little sad that the notion of a public ledger is more foreign than a read only spreadsheet - I think public ledger is both simpler and more accurate a description - but I don't think you are alone in your misunderstanding. Maybe the issue is that ledger is an infrequently used word colloquially while spreadsheet is a definitive thing people know and use. People are using ledgers of various sorts in their lives of which a spreadsheet might be one, they just aren't calling them ledgers.
@_date: 2018-08-22 19:44:37
No, it means I have the common sense to distinguish between fact and fiction. Which you don't. As you continually insist, these aren't two different comparable things, these are a scam/a PR narrative for the scam and the reinvention of trust via protocol.
@_date: 2014-06-18 02:56:17
What continued patronage are you talking about? The fact that I moved my fiat into bitcoin and withdrew it from quadriga? Was it that final deposit as I finished my business? Yeah, enjoy the fee. All I asked from you was a meeting so I could take advantage of your in person services. There is no need to be smug about not offering the services you advertise.
@_date: 2014-11-18 16:49:53
I have to fund an account, tip with a post, and then the reciever has to collect the balance minus fees, make their own wallet, and finally move their collected balance.
This, compared to the steps of inputting a single public key.
It isn't convenient. People enjoy the public attention.
@_date: 2018-05-01 13:23:25
Yeah these headlines are awful.
@_date: 2014-03-24 22:10:57
Right, it's about how your http server implimentation handles URI's and knowing that there's a choice means that it depends on the implementation. That means you should expect only literal behavior to be consistent and normalization not to be. I don't understand why this is so hard to explain to you guys,
@_date: 2014-03-24 08:23:15
Because URI's are what HTTP uses to direct you to content. URI's are broader than HTTP, a URI is a file path or a web location or any such pointing. You use URI's every day without even knowing it, and I said HTTP because HTTP implements URI's as addresses - which was the original comments subject. If HTTP didn't implement URI's then this wouldn't be an issue, or if there was a universal implementation. We don't tend to do universal implementations of anything in computer land because no one can agree on anything.
@_date: 2014-03-25 02:27:13
This is totally wrong. Bitcoin is self banking, and describing it as such is the most relatable way to eschew the misconception that it is only a medium of transfer or a store of value. If people viewed bitcoin as self banking they wouldn't trust it on exchanges and would take security more seriously, for one.
To be a store of value, you have to consider the process of storing, securing, and making available that value. I.E. the functions of a bank. It's a virtual currency, sure, but one designed so anyone may act as their own bank. Otherwise you're discarding any benefit of a trustless system.
@_date: 2014-12-10 18:02:38
Are you aware that language is contextually defined? If you're not, I can point you towards some excellent English as a second language courses. Sometimes it can be hard when people use informal definitions, I understand. But if you notice, many of your peers were able to contextualize the word "transparent" to become synonymous with "accessible", based on its application to a software protocol and not some physical, light ignoring material. The mere fact that so many were able to derive a coherent and valid meaning to the sentence where you were not strongly indicates the problem is with your interpretation of the syntax and not the general population or the original comment.
Also, when you are an anti-social prick it makes it more difficult for people to explain why you might be wrong. You are open to the idea you might be wrong, aren't you? Clever man like yourself.
@_date: 2018-08-01 13:31:55
No, they have done a lot to get Coinbase to the mainstream. Coinbase users are not Bitcoin users. They never interact with the protocol and they control no keys. That is not a Bitcoin user.
@_date: 2018-08-06 03:19:07
It's more what you see that they don't. If you don't understand Bitcoin is a tool of trust it looks like nothing more than a novel economic experiment in incentives. If you only understand finance and not computer science it looks like an asset in a giant bubble with nothing backing it.
Some very smart people dislike Bitcoin. That doesn't mean they aren't smart. They just lack the cross discipline skillset to understand what Bitcoin accomplishes - which is again trust. Bitcoin accomplishes trust. You don't hack the database you buy temporary write rights and it costs hundreds of millions in hardware. It is the most unique security model that has ever existed to date.
@_date: 2018-05-03 13:43:56
Bitcoin isn't a democracy it's a Nash Equilibrium. You would need to disrupt the equilibrium by messing with the incentives of miners and node runners to convince them to start inflating the currency. As is everyone is getting too good a deal and the risks are too great to change. Even if 99% of users got angry and left, unless they took the entire economic market for Bitcoin with them (technically even if machines were the only ones using Bitcoin it would still be valuable) the incentives to mine Bitcoin would still exist.
@_date: 2014-06-18 17:37:37
I'm not surprised you are confused. You don't tend to your business.
@_date: 2014-03-20 22:13:43
This was in no way the exchanges fault. The service provider provided full unidentified access to the server to a malicious social engineer. There is  nothing they could have done aside from vet every single person hired by the host. For very good reason there's a lawsuit spurred by the matter.
What is the shortcut you are accusing them of taking? They went so far as to minimize the damage by storing wallets with different hosts, they covered all loses. This, my myopic peer, is how it should be done.
@_date: 2018-05-07 03:20:31
Of course, with risk comes reward. I've made more than I've lost and learned some valuable lessons along the way.
@_date: 2014-09-11 21:44:47
Autonomous long range always-on solar/current/tidal powered drones, operating in a decentralized service fee/geography oriented structure.
Or big cannons shooting packages into space. I have all kinds of ideas.
@_date: 2018-05-21 23:22:21
First, if tomorrow Wuille woke up and committed a giant dick pic to master, that's what would be in master.
Second, none of this has anything to do with a UASF. You are like I said, incoherent.
@_date: 2014-03-24 23:06:05
And my point is from a programming perspective. You can't expect homogeneous implementation even if it is is defined as such. When it's explicitly defined as NOT homogeneous implementation and people start complaining that things act differently or one way is better than the other, I'm left the obligation to remind you that it's this way for a very good reason and refer you to the documentation.
Using URI normalization as if it were the defacto standard is just going to disappoint you and keep you from hitting the right location. Arguing with me isn't going to change that. Changing the spec isn't going to change that. It's that way for a reason. Your best course is to understand why it is the way it is and never abandon characters in your URI's.
@_date: 2014-05-28 00:20:07
I'm a software developer in the process of doing exactly what you describe, but you have to see that it will quickly become a popularity contest and the allocation of resources will have no relationship to scientific direction. The general public, the people we are trying to facilitate donations from, are the primary obstacle to getting anything constructive done. They donate enmass with complete disproportion to the few - I don't anticipate any relationship between scientific merit and donations since currently I cannot fathom a device to meaningfully direct funding without disinteresting the funding source. People want to donate for what they want to donate, and there's nothing scientific about it. You can make every publishable appeal for funding top-quality, you'll still only see the smallest fraction funded, overwhelmingly over funded sometimes. Laymen do not enjoy reading even the shortest abstract and aren't generally qualified to evaluate it if they did. 
@_date: 2014-04-17 20:50:49
You are playing make believe with my positions and everyone else around you. I've given you no suggestion that I hold those views, and I do not. You might as well exist in a bubble. You're so deluded I actually feel terrible for you.
@_date: 2014-03-24 07:57:35
You're right, referring to standard URI implimentation as it exists in HTTP use cases directly from the source implementation discussion and identifying the reason there's a disparity in implementation as complained about by the original remark is in no way relevant to the discussion.
Some key bits:


   described by the defining specification for each scheme.
   Implementations may use scheme-specific rules, at further processing
   cost, to reduce the probability of false negatives.
Every implementation is a snowflake. While normalizing URI's is useful for reducing redundancy among web crawlers every URI shouldn't thus be implemented with normalization for trailing slashes.
Or we can bitch and moan about upvotes, whatever. Fact is you should expect a disparity in URI implementation.
@_date: 2014-06-18 01:18:15
Bank drafts, and I don't know if you've noticed but there's more than ample window for opportunity. I'm taking advantage of it, anyways. Also, arbitrage occurs between markets that are offline too.
@_date: 2014-06-17 18:24:15
I stopped using QuadrigaCX last week after a heated exchange with what I can only assume was a majority of their staff, culminating with their CEO.
For at least the last few weeks their phone didn't work. No ringing, no nothing. I tried to use their contact form but that didnt work either. They didn't notice because they don't have any customer support and no one answering the phone for weeks is completely normal.  I moved close to Quadriga's physical offices so my business could take advantage of arbitrage opportunities by immediately depositing or withdrawing funds. What I found was that any in person meeting took weeks to arrange, and instead of writing a cheque with QuadrigaCX on it and dropping it off at their offices, they had me write the cheque to an individual investor of theirs, Michael Patryn and drop it off at the Vancouver Club.
I mentioned these issues to the CEO, they were dismissed with "we are an online only exchange" despite their still present advertising. Having met the people running Quadriga  I am concerned that they spend enormous sums traveling constantly for their business and no sum supporting it. I don't think this is a ship that is sinking anytime soon but mark my words it will sink.
@_date: 2018-05-11 16:00:03
Happened in the UK too, and Russia.
@_date: 2014-06-18 01:15:40
That's bullshit. I've visited the office twice within weekday office hours last week and late the week before that, I live right beside them. I sent several emails where they confirmed that no one was at the office and that their phone didn't work. Do I really need to publish them? This is aside from the last time I tried to get an "appointment" at the end of May, which ended up not being possible and ended up with me dropping a bank draft off to a the concierge at the Vancouver Club.
@_date: 2018-05-14 15:41:47
I have a question you can probably answer:
What makes a redeem script non-standard such that Core won't propagate it? I would have thought HTLC's would be a non-standard variant of a multisig p2sh transaction. Surely I can't throw together any script I want into a p2sh can I? I mean, I know I can if I get it mined - I'm asking specifically about the Core mempool transaction propagation.
@_date: 2018-05-25 02:44:20
Your service is awful. Sorry. Encouraging people to gamble with hope of returns had they made the perfect trade is pretty irresponsible. I don't want to see your website succeed in any way.
@_date: 2014-04-26 08:21:13
Same, I'm continuing to wait for a refund while petamine receives the parts that should have went in my unit. Bitmine should be sued.
@_date: 2014-06-18 17:36:15
I think it unbelievable that you met me, Michael, in your offices when I first tried to make a deposit, and you are telling me I am in the wrong place. I live on your street. Aaron isn't in the office, he doesn't leave any notes on the notepad on the door but since we seem to have this confusion you bet I will. Stop fucking assuming and run your business.
Edit: I just called you Michael, I just called your office, I am literally standing in front of your shitty whitepad - back in _blank_. It's 10:41 am on a Wednesday. Don't pretend you are available or anyone is.
Edit: 11:24am - Aaron answered the door this time!!! He then admitted that phones hadn't been working, that the contact form hadn't been working, that his office hours are all over the place, and then kicked me out as he screamed that I didn't have an appointment. He says he is too busy to take any appointments as his work is much too important and then went back into quadrigas offices and locked the door. Still no answer to the phone.
So in conclusion I was unable to get an appointment because I do not have an appointment.
@_date: 2014-12-28 22:10:47
No, you're not understanding. Bitcoin literally is a protocol. That it is a communication protocol is simply categorical as to what types of procedures this protocol contains. It's not a semantic argument, and if it was a semantic argument (I.E. changing language and emergent definitions) you should be demonstrating there is significant usage of a different word or terminology to describe the same protocol.
Even if we were to conclude that there was a more appropriate phrase or terminology, it wouldn't invalidate the still literally correct usage of protocol until such a time as the word protocol stops being used by anyone describing the exact implementation, mechanics, and participation mechanisms of Bitcoin.
As is "protocol" is clearly the most widely used and descriptive definition of what Bitcoin is. I'm not entirely sure what your objection to the term is other than you think people don't understand what a protocol is or it has some unstated negative connotation.
@_date: 2014-03-24 04:31:06
@_date: 2014-04-09 22:13:26
I just attempted to purchase said socks - $20. Good luck Congressman.
@_date: 2014-03-24 22:17:02
Of course it is platform dependent. It is entirely dependent upon your softwares implementation of HTTP. That the HTTP spec uses URI's and the URI spec itself lays out the many interpretations of URI's leads to the reality that any implementation may normalize or not normalize depending on its needs. This variation, this inconsistency, it's literally in the spec. As a user you should not expect normalization.
TL:DR: Because http.
@_date: 2014-03-24 22:54:42
You were right the first time, I am saying exactly "it's standards compliant, don't complain" and my sources support that. The standard says you shouldn't expect normalization.
@_date: 2014-03-25 04:30:43
Are you American? In my country there's a difference between investment banks and banks. I am not referring to investment banking. Only the first and last point are areas I am refering to as self banking, though I'd add storing money so you can easily access it. Regarding point 4, with long term inaccessible cold storage of bitcoins we can do that now very easily.
@_date: 2014-10-25 14:10:11
Most of the people thinking about bitcoin do so as currency. As a developer, I'm shocked that we find ourselves in possession of the only secure and distributed network in existence and all we can think to use it for is consumer fiscal use.
I see a future where major industries are the driving force behind bitcoin and bitcoin expansion. A secure peer driven network is a software development dream - as new technologies like sidechains are developed to store more kinds of data using the blockchain it will be the driving force of the bitcoin economy in a few years. Not consumer use.
@_date: 2014-12-30 18:43:06
Third sentence of the abstract is the first of many mentions of the "peer to peer network" which is the bitcoin protocol. Peer to peer means 2 computers or more. In terms of **how**,  he outlines a very explicit **procedure** involving a chain of related hashes and associated values we've come to call the blockchain which acts as the primary medium of communication storage - his timestamp server. He talks to no end about communicating nodes, cooperating nodes, and just nodes in general. Whether those nodes communicate with radio or over TCP/IP is irrelevant if they are still following the **bitcoin protocol** which is a structure of agreed procedures, input, outputs.




There is also the **ENTIRE SECTION** on the network procedures.


















@_date: 2014-06-18 03:03:35
Grandpa Gnome wants to make impromptu deposits and withdrawals of 5-10k and lives on Water St. I bet I can get a bank draft written and be on 332 Water St faster than you can wire Quadriga the same amount of money. I can certainly be knocking on their door for a cheque faster than any mail delivery
I guess that totally justifies your behavior and makes me an idiot.
@_date: 2014-03-24 04:01:07
Oh, you know - http.
@_date: 2014-12-25 17:27:28
I live within the Western sphere of influence, but I think it is hubris if anything to say something is "impossible to control" or meaningfully influence. China has demonstrated for generations that it is capable of an immense and persistent influence over its global and local context - which are both ever expanding. Everything from the mere existence of North Korea to the tiananmen square has played out largely by the guiding hand of Chinese influence. They may not dictate events globally as much but they sure do locally.
Since the beginning of recorded history humans are often controlled. When they aren't controlled explicitly through force they are manipulated through propaganda, or cultural institutions. It's sad, but to this day it remains the norm. People sometimes become so distraught with this abuse that they revolt, sure, but that is a lot rarer under the discerning eye of an enormous and well funded manipulation machine.
@_date: 2014-07-15 15:19:36
Yeah I'm about fed up with the lack of online service taking bitcoin for Canadians.
@_date: 2018-05-21 15:55:35
I strongly, strongly support this BIP. This is necessary for managing offchain state and maturing sidechains. Lets get this passed as quickly as possible.
@_date: 2014-12-29 01:02:33
Would you mind demonstrating that my definition is inaccurate by indicating an alternate usage?
Almost every definition on that page yields a definition which could be meaningfully applied to bitcoin. It's clear you've "made up your mind" on the matter that protocol means something other than a structure of agreed procedures. No amount of usage or formal definitions will change your mind.
@_date: 2017-12-23 23:56:06
Treating *anything* like a get rich scheme is delusional. Bitcoin is not an investment. It is a technology. Learn about that technology for a couple of months and decide for yourself if it's a technology you want to use. If you do decide you want to use it you have to buy some. **At no point should the expectation you will double your money in a given amount of time enter your mind**. If it does don't invest. Many of us have weathered multi-year down turns just like any economy does. The same could begin happening tomorrow for all anyone knows. The price could go to zero. Keep in mind this very real possibility.
All that said some of us know all those things and choose to use bitcoin as our bank account or keep our savings here, so just understand what you are signing up for. Take time. Regardless of what the price does there is no rush.
@_date: 2014-03-09 05:35:29
I buy bitcoin constantly at whatever price it's at, because I'm also spending bitcoin wherever I get the chance. It's just damn convenient. It doesn't matter what the price is tomorrow if you spend bitcoin and buy bitcoin at the same time.
I don't know if every merchant is immediately converting back to fiat, making me little more than a supporter of the various bitcoin-fiat transaction systems and any accepting merchant, but I'd like to think that if any keep it I'm contributing to the economy and it costs me nothing. In fact it saves me time and money vs using a credit card.
@_date: 2014-03-09 04:05:58
Nope, crypto-commie reporting in. I believe in bitcoins usefulness to the bankless and underbanked worldwide. I also see bitcoin and other crypto currencies as a step closer to equality of financial opportunity, as a means to remove ones self from the oppressive conditions that are consumer banking. I do not see it as a tool against the state, but a tool for the people.
@_date: 2014-03-29 07:00:37
I recently made a successful purchase from  was very impressed with the quality and service.
@_date: 2014-03-01 01:00:49
We're here for the long haul. I know when I buy bitcoins, its with the intent to spend them over the course of the rest of my life. The situation you're describing where a collapse occurs due to major players in bitcoin abusing their position we see happens at least several times a year. As you can also observe, the community is composed of players of varying awareness. Mt. Gox used to be the largest exchange, and the informed community largely abandoned them months ago for the reason you're describing. The situation where for three years every month there is a Mt.Gox is incredibly unlikely, since an observable population of us are rational reactors and won't be abused by the same bad actor twice. We also limit our risk.
I see bitcoin not as digital currency, but as self banking with transaction freedom. Draconian regulation? Good luck enforcing them offshore. All exchanges finance terrorisim? Watch me start my own.
Bitcoin can be a great benefit to the state, any state. It isn't anti government the way some crazy libertarians might lament. The benefit comes from a new kind of investment. Not replacing institutional big money, but coming alongside it, composed largely of international investors invigorating tech growth in a new digital economy.
@_date: 2014-04-17 19:07:51
Do you honestly believe unfettered capitalism is a provider of equal opportunity, such that anyone can succeed?
@_date: 2014-03-24 06:55:46
Wouldn't this same argument suggest Overstock is making a poor business decision which will cost it money, among others?
The numbers just don't support that conjecture. Overstock share price alone has rebounded - in small part due to the positive press exposure and new community relationships Overstock continues to foster. Small volume we may have, but case examples are popping up all over of large companies able to manage whatever additional support cost bitcoin may require and realize an increased profit while at it.
@_date: 2014-03-08 03:33:47
BTC can, does, and will in the future continue to exist alongside fiat and other mediums of exchange and value. It doesn't subvert anything. It has many use cases which make it an excellent resource to those who wish to subvert the government, but the technology itself is just a protocol and isn't made to replace anything. It's an amalgamation of various technologies which solved the long standing double spend problem coupled with various peer to peer aspects. Unless you believe any peer to peer medium is inherently subversive I don't see how you can think bitcoin is subverting anything.
@_date: 2014-03-11 04:31:40
I was specifically looking to purchase the Volcano solid valve starter kit to replace a broken piece of mine.
@_date: 2017-02-24 19:52:02
Let me put on my cynics cap for a moment.
The biggest real risks to bitcoin are an apathetic community of miners and quantum computing. Without a responsive mining community able to defensively fork against real threats in the coming decade bitcoin will be paralyzed and unable to respond to changing conditions.
Now taking the cap off.
All that said the security model in bitcoin isn't cryptographic, it's economic. It's a Nash equilibrium. There is clear financial incentive for the mining community to respond to threats of the scale of quantum computing and when the time comes I expect - with some mild kicking and screaming - they will.
Other threats include bitcoins use cases diminishing to rivals, the breaking of SHA256(SHA256()) and the breaking of ECDSA (by quantum means or otherwise). Any of these threats of a significant enough presence would require unprecedented action by miners that no one can tell you for sure would happen. But as I said, there's an enormous financial incentive for miners to keep the wheel turning on this great experiment and I thus have an equally enormous faith in bitcoins economic security model.
@_date: 2014-12-26 21:50:48
For those having trouble finding a stream like I was here is where I am watching: 
Quality is quite low, and site is maleware riddled if you don't block almost all the content on it (adblock is sufficient). If someone has a better no-cable alternative let me know.
@_date: 2017-02-26 16:13:58
The only reason they weren't affected by cloudbleed was sheer luck of the draw - no caches cached any quadriga requests. The fact that they do client side hashing of passwords wouldn't have stopped a cache of many requests from being a security issue.
@_date: 2017-02-10 00:35:59
There's a loss in value. I'd rather watch the number of bitcoin I hold grow.
@_date: 2017-02-05 16:33:00
First, I don't want this feature. Second, if you do want this feature you could probably build it for yourself over a weekend if you want to learn some basic programming.
Have your script schedule a recurring event, and on that event use RPC to tell your wallet to send a payment. Done.
@_date: 2015-05-03 20:47:43
Bitcoin is designed to be viable until the advent of new physics and computing technologies such as quantum computers so long as there are people using it.
That is, longer than any single government is likely to exist.
@_date: 2014-05-25 03:00:11
As a customer who was erroneously charged for your unlimited trading plan yesterday because it is recurring and automatic, I hope you'll be offering a refund.
@_date: 2017-02-17 17:16:47
Are you introducing them to bitcoin just for the sake of it, or do you see some business problem bitcoin can help them solve? I think I'd talk about it casually as I would any of my interests if the situation is the prior, and actually make a presentation if its the latter.
@_date: 2017-02-10 15:01:29
Bitcoin doesn't have a will, it's not at fault for anything. I'm talking about risk management of your held assets.
@_date: 2014-12-28 18:37:02
A protocol is an agreed structure of procedures and expected inputs and outputs. Bitcoin is an agreed structure of procedures and expected inputs and outputs which accomplish value transfer and storage. Ergo Bitcoin is a value transfer and storage protocol.
@_date: 2017-02-11 05:21:16
Game of chance. Do you believe there is a chance that the price could go below the price you bought in at? Do you believe there is a chance the price could be 0? Do you believe there is a chance that your coins could be stolen? These likelihoods and all the other risks are as aggregate much larger than the likelihood you'll be hit by a car crossing the sidewalk.
It very clearly is gambling by yours and any other definition.
@_date: 2014-03-24 08:35:48
Those are all facts, and I agree.
Do you believe it potentially cost Overstock more to train their employees in bitcoin then they will net in increased profit margin?
Assuming sales don't absolutely stop,  the initial training investment need not be repeated as new staff will be trained with bitcoin inherently. With no new investment in training required, so long as any sales at all continue they will, as a function of time, see increased revenue on bitcoin sales vs not adopting bitcoin.
There also might be an argument to be made that bitcoin users don't expect much of any hand holding when making purchases at this early stage of the game, and extensive support staff retraining isn't required. I don't know. But I do know that if Amazon could convince its customers to use bitcoin on its site while maintaining quality of service it would make more money.
@_date: 2017-02-17 17:46:26
I would suggest you price out their current options, price out doing the same task in bitcoin, and then if it seems they could save money using bitcoin I'd present them your data. I wouldn't pitch it as "we should use bitcoin" but "I think we could save X dollars if we do things this way"
@_date: 2017-02-06 15:19:48
I think that with the help of 2-3 google searches, some trial and error, and a couple hours reading you too could have come up with that answer. Don't be so dismissive, you really don't know how much effort it would take unless you try.
@_date: 2017-02-10 16:37:34
Compare them for me then, please. Explain to me how the counterparty risk is near identical.
When you get sick of trying to pretend two different things are the same, you can easily read the SEC commentary on the proposed ETF's popping up for a fair description of the different counterparty risks specific to digital currency.
@_date: 2017-02-28 19:14:26
Ethereum has really disappointed me by failing to grasp the reasoning and mechanism of the decentralized security model. Also calling Ethereum "up 90%" seems like picking an arbitrary point. If it's worth noting that Ethereum is up 90% in the last year it's also worth noting it would be down ~9% if this article was written 2 weeks from today and even more any time after that.
@_date: 2017-02-21 16:29:42
Bitcoin and paypal don't mix. It's a good way to get your btc stolen and the paypal transaction contested.
@_date: 2017-02-09 15:44:15
This is some seriously dangerous advice. It's one thing to buy the dip, but not to cut losses during falling knives is just stupid. To say NEVER cut losses? You're insane.
@_date: 2017-02-09 16:41:29
No, it's a simple matter of  - do I want to accept all the losses of this falling knife by holding, or do I want to maximize my profit and minimize my losses by selling now and buying back in lower? It has nothing to do with available fiat and everything to do with simple math.
@_date: 2017-02-25 16:11:22
Don't sell yourself short, you sound very computer literate! The issue here is Coinbases absurd system not your computer literacy. You are absolutely right that it needs to be improved. Give your business to someone else in the mean time if possible, there's no point in rewarding bad design.
I mean, you already have bought bitcoin, you've got a hardware storage plan, and you're on reddit asking for help. You are more computer literate than 99% of the new users here. Pat yourself on the back old fart, you're more knowledgeable than most millennials. 
@_date: 2017-02-25 16:20:15
Good coverage, I liked that bitcoin was brought up to specifically say "there is no correlation between gold and bitcoin despite both being seen as safe haven assets".  We need more of this kind of reporting on the unique financial properties of bitcoin if any approved ETF is going to find a sizable market.
@_date: 2017-02-09 15:28:55
It has risk that are outside your influence which dictate the outcome of your position, either making you money or losing you money based on "luck". I'd call that gambling. 
@_date: 2015-01-21 05:42:18
You've misinterpreted what I am saying. I am not advocating exposure to any and all "opinions". I am saying that allowing the prosecutors, the defense, and a judge to collectively make those decisions has led to rank abuse. More than that, pre-selecting people to evaluate highly complex and technically advanced cases who have no prior knowledge of similar systems is literally selecting for ignorance. I understand the argument for avoiding bias, but that is not what is accomplished primarily with jury selection. What is accomplished is both the defense and prosecutor attempt to gain a favorable jury by any means necessary.
Offer an alternative? I submit that preconceived bias is better than rank abuse of the selecting parties. Let a jury of peers be a jury of peers, random selection and all. Better yet, why not an impartial panel that has no case relevant details selects capable jurors from the random pool.
@_date: 2017-02-24 00:19:35
I must have missed this, what were the allegations?
@_date: 2015-01-20 18:11:38
The more I watch these miscarriages of justice the more I am shook to my core. I am sure Ulbricht deserves to go to jail for something, but we will never know because jurors are selected for their lack of knowledge and threatened if they access relevant information. It is obvious to me that the courts position as definer of relevance and bias has heen grossly abused in this case and most likely every other jury trial in North America. It's systemic.
@_date: 2017-02-28 17:22:29
PayPal is absolutely correct that a database is the right tool for the job they are trying to do, and unlike R3 they will save hundreds of millions of dollars by not chasing fantasies.
@_date: 2017-02-09 16:50:16
To the rest of the world it's called having risk limits and stop losses and it's a very important thing to keep people from going bankrupt and killing themselves. If people in the position where they have met their risk limit sell, they are able to buy back in again lower and recoup some of those losses. If they do what you suggest they are potentially screwed and whatever they needed that money for which established their risk limit is now screwed too.
It's just good advice to everyone. Don't hold, trade and hedge. Manage your risk. Is it hard to see why when comparing the advice "manage your risk" with "don't manage your risk" people would view the one set of advice as grossly irresponsible?
@_date: 2017-02-17 05:26:50
How many lifetimes do you think you'd have to live before someone - anyone - lost coins to a randomly generated keypair being generated twice?
@_date: 2017-02-26 18:16:54
So you're trying to lead me to believe that your javacsript client side hashing wouldn't have become vulnerable had many of your pages been cached, and that wasn't entirely luck of the draw? You want me to believe that had your pages been cached absolutely no sensitive information would have been found? You guys and your self promotion - spend a little more time serving the many customers who are complaining about you and a little less time trolling reddit.
@_date: 2015-01-01 00:29:05
Right. But if the marbles instead go down in value, say to 50 cents for 100 marbles, you've lost 50% of your cash value. Bitcoin is extremely volatile, it may be significantly more valuable or significantly less valuable or exactly as valuable compared to when you bought it. The reason for this is as the Bitcoin ecosystem grows speculators are trying to guess how much each bitcoin is worth and going to be worth, and those guesses change dramatically each week.
@_date: 2017-02-10 18:44:53
Is that, in your mind, a listing of the risks involved in holding and insuring gold versus bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-01-02 05:30:27
I really don't feel like giving him additional time on your pulpit is the appropriate response to these complaints. With your Q and A you will be elevating this into a spectacle. It won't look good for the event or the community and it accomplishes nothing, no one is going to walk away more informed or having changed their minds about GAW.
@_date: 2017-02-10 03:59:03
Exchange insurance doesn't cover your order getting left open during a ddos.
@_date: 2015-01-23 17:35:56
I disagree. It's a centralized service with adds nothing to bitcoin usability, makes a killing on off-chain transaction fees, and when it is used it comes off as self congratulatory. People are getting off on publicly flouting their "generosity", which usually amounts to pennies.
I much, much much rather the previous tipping methodologies of displaying a bitcoin address and accepting tips or donations on the blockchain itself. You may argue it doesn't expose new people to bitcoin, but it does. If it didn't we wouldn't be here.
@_date: 2015-01-23 16:56:23


It is a little disturbed how much you get off on your public persona. Can't you just retreat with your shame like Bill Cosby? 
@_date: 2017-02-24 22:13:19
Oh god, the tears. The level of incomprehension of the bitcoin protocol displayed by the author and commentators makes me irrationally happy. I especially like the part where my $1200 coins are "essentially worthless" and that owning bitcoin is equatable to holding bitcoin on exchanges.
@_date: 2017-02-25 16:50:42
QuadrigaCX has a horrible reputation for customer service (do a quick search), so beware.
@_date: 2017-02-10 21:37:50
In some contexts maybe, but there is NO situation in which you can be holding bitcoin and pretend you aren't gambling. Ignoring the risks inherent to owning bitcoin is a great way to lose your money. Even when you exchange all the counterparty risk to yourself, you still have that risk. There is still a non-zero probability that bitcoins value will resolve to 0. Pretending that gold and bitcoin are the same with similar risks or even less risks for bitcoin is outright incorrect.
There's no rational discussion to be had with someone who wants to believe what they want to believe. Gambling is uncontrolled risk, it's that simple.
@_date: 2014-10-26 05:26:09
The economic assurance of the miner/blockchain relationship is obviously the fundamental and securing novelty of the otherwise impossible secure decentralized network.  You won't hear me suggest divorcing the ideas.  I don't know why you feel the need for this rather out of context diatribe. The existence of that relationship does not mean that use of bitcoin as a financial tool need be the primary derivation of bitcoins value.
No one is declaring bitcoin isn't money, or won't always be used as currency. Save yourself some time typing and read carefully. I said these factors will not be the driving force behind the value of bitcoin forever, regardless of their persistent influence. Secure decentralized networks have broad, society impacting applications that have yet to be actualized. 
@_date: 2015-01-20 22:50:42
For the exact same reasons. They are subject entirely to the authority of the court re: what information they have at their disposal in making a verdict. It's systemic. The defense is as much a part of it as the prosecution. Cases aren't decided by merit of fact but by accomplishment of trade. Lawyers and judges influence outcomes more than facts because they arbitrarily get to decide that is a "fact".
@_date: 2016-03-15 02:18:24
This is a really great idea, but I have some questions. Why does the policy management system go through central servers? Wouldn't this network be better served by a policy management and propogation protocol?
@_date: 2017-02-11 06:05:09
Ever heard of [hashcash](
@_date: 2016-01-12 16:24:34
The reason that a larger blocksize may increase decentralization is due to an abundance of miners existing in China seperated from the majority of nodes by the great firewall. 
If the majority of nodes are currently inside china a larger blocksize will increase centralization as the chinese miner majority will further recieve a propagation advantage for their blocks while miners outside China must deal with the lag created by the great firewall as they race to propagate their found blocks.
If however the majority of nodes are outside China then the non-Chinese miner minority recieve a propagation advantage to their blocks as Chinese miners have to get their large blocks through their firewall on their subpar internet connections. In this scenario with the majority of nodes existing outside China you have decentralization pressure creating advantages for miners not currently in China, thus more non-chinese nodes and better race conditions for non-chinese miners.
So in my view the primary way increased blocksize may increase decentralization despite a larger storage burden on nodes is due to propogation advantages for non-chinese miners and node operators as the larger block size increases latency to most nodes for chinese miners. A larger blocksize may lead to a more decentralized geographic distribution of the bitcoin networks resources.
@_date: 2017-03-10 20:06:14
I read a very interesting study examining exactly that, which found no combination of instruments compares in neutral correlation value to bitcoin. I'll see if I can find it.
This may have been it: 
Taken from the linked investigation:


@_date: 2017-03-01 00:55:47
You know what makes rbtc toxic? Paranoia. Confirmation bias. Please consider that however right you might think you are what you're seeing isn't enough to form conclusions with.
@_date: 2017-02-23 06:31:19
You may not realize it, but for the last three years those bitcoin have been storing value for you. A globally available savings account is a legitimate bitcoin use case. It's not sexy, but accomplishing that alone without a third party is pretty amazing.
In terms of the price bias, you're right I think that mental hurdle can be a difficult one. I think when you see that bitcoin truly is a long term deflationary currency and has reasonable expectations for continued growth, that psychology can quickly change. Especially when you are surrounded by the success stories of those who were willing to buy higher than you and realized significant gains.
@_date: 2017-02-10 20:17:57
Well you didn't list any of the risk specific to bitcoin, if you recall I referred you to the extensive SEC commentary citing such risks as network security, ddos attack, insider theft. Tell me, how easy do you figure it would be for an insider to walk out of a building with 200 tons of gold versus a private key?
Being ignorant to risks isn't the same thing as those risks not existing. Winning at trading doesn't mean you aren't gambling. Pull your head out of the sand.
@_date: 2016-03-15 02:34:57
Don't take this the wrong way, but at first glance it seems you have taken a brilliant idea and made it worse so you have an avenue to profit from it. You have clearly built something of worth and deserve to get paid for it, but why shouldn't I think that? I would be really interested in seeing a similar solution implimented in a decentralized manner.
@_date: 2016-03-17 18:07:38
We covered Fibonacci sequences and the golden ratio extensively in my Canadian public education, pretty early too if I recall.  Is this not the case everywhere? 
@_date: 2017-03-20 21:23:52
I am proposing Core merge consensus changes compatible with BU and continues maintaining their own client, continues advocating segwit, and in general continues to fight for decentralized properties of the network. Living to "fight another day" is an accurate enough simplification.
@_date: 2017-03-18 14:33:40
I am having to try to have a dialogue, the dialogue is lets speak about topics we have competency in lest we make a fool of ourselves.
@_date: 2017-02-10 21:29:35
None of the things apply to holding an ounce of gold in your pocket either. Risk changes at scale and context.
I don't know why you are so insistent on believing that risks do not exist in the bitcoin space that are unique to it.
@_date: 2017-03-28 23:02:44
We have proof of stake voting, except it's called proof of work mining and it's much more secure in terms of creating an economic security model. 
@_date: 2017-03-04 17:49:09
You just described the mailing list.
@_date: 2019-03-11 19:56:46
I hope that's how they do it I haven't really been keeping up, I'd rather opt in than opt out.
@_date: 2017-02-09 22:52:49
Does that also protect you from 3rd party risk? Exchange having a theft, exchange getting ddos attacked while you get stuck in an order.
@_date: 2017-03-10 22:43:51
The evidence that it doesn't fail at both by being two contradictory things is that it exists, and is used for two contradictory things.
@_date: 2017-03-14 23:36:11
If you agree that a contentious, "hostile", propaganda and politically driven hard fork is the worst possible thing that could happen to bitcoin - as I believe - then you surely must accept that the actions of the r/bitcoin moderation team over the past several years have drastically increased the likelihood of that eventuality. That likelihood has been increased through the alienation of people who don't understand, the censorship of users running the gamut from incredibly stupid, to zealous, to just business users with no technical background.
You're right. You've saved r/bitcoin from being what could honestly be a much worse place. But in doing so you've created real cause to support the insane conspiracy theorists, you've given population to their platform by removing those discussions from here and provided them concrete examples of their otherwise imagined oppression.
Again if you want examples of the damage this has caused simply look over at rbtc. Over there blockstream == core == r/bitcoin mod staff. It's an insane propoganda machine that is only possible, is only fueled to the degree it is because r/bitcoin moderators have reacted so strongly to it.  
Another example of the damage caused by the moderators here is every blocksize debate ever, including the whaleclub one I mention earlier. Only two arguments Ver ever makes are based on 1) what he perceives as the needs of business users, and 2) the censorship and political abuse of blockstream == core == r/bitcoin - and the entire debate becomes about people trying to convince dumbasses like Roger that these three groups aren't actually the same. It dominates the narrative outside the bubble of safety you've created here.
You've saved the foot at the expense of the body, again causing much more damage by giving substance to conspiracy than would ever have been caused by allowing bots to spam conspiracy mercilessly.
Possibly the worst part of it is, as you note in every thread, the bots are still here. All you've done is create selection pressure for more effective and subtle means of information control. So yes, this place is better than it would be with no moderation - but the bitcoin ecosystem has been fractured as a result and that fracture currently poses one of the largest threats to bitcoin possible.
@_date: 2017-03-10 18:46:47
I disagree. Bitcoin will end up being many things, a jack of all trades master of some. Some of the things it currently is are self contradicting that doesn't stop it from doing those tasks. What's best for one function may not be best for all functions, but as contexts change bitcoin will always find viable use cases if every function is enabled by not overwhelmingly catering to one function over the others.
@_date: 2017-03-14 14:19:56
Users can hide or reveal comments through their own settings, no one here needs you protecting them from opposing views. Honestly Bash, I'm sure your intentions are good but as a moderator you contribute so much to the divisive problems this community has by constantly fighting this holy war of yours. It's grossly inaccurate to suggest the only people who disagree with your subreddit policies are abusers.
@_date: 2017-03-10 19:05:45
Being an uncorrelated financial vehicle is a very valuable thing and if you disagree I won't be able to convince you otherwise. It's many use cases are a means of creating that uncorrelated state, among other things.
@_date: 2019-03-11 17:13:16
I didn't say trivial, I said susceptible. I said general user security would degrade as we scale. It's not even just me. While it seems lukejr doesn't agree with these risks, Peter Todd and John Newbery voiced them at the recent [unconfiscatable conference.](
I can't tell if your argument is that polling is a good enough solution because it hasn't been attacked yet or if it's an equitable trust model to full verification. Either way, your argument is "doubly doomed" as you might say. If it's good enough then why have PoW and full chain verification at all? This is the model many altcoins take and is one of the principle criticisms against them. If you believe they are equivalent trust models SPV anf full node, please describe the mechanism of polling in full node verification that leads to possible sybil attacks.
@_date: 2016-01-15 06:04:47
So are you saying that because there are 100 blocks in which the Chinese can comfortably propagate the longest chain, a race condition advantage over a single block or two is irrelevant? Thanks by the way.
@_date: 2017-03-14 19:25:17
You and I have a disagreement about this. 
I remember when the specific CSS rule came into effect. It was done as a means of stopping the popular opinions which were very anti-moderation from being voiced, and raising the voice of theymos out of the gutter. It was coupled with the choice thread selection of sorting comments by controversial to elevate what the moderation staff feel are valuable opinions.
If there is one fact of this discussion which must be overwhelmingly clear - **your choices as moderators of this subreddit are responsible for more damage to the bitcoin ecosystem than any legion of spammers or bot accounts.**
There is an unbelievable hypocrisy in making an argument that the CSS changes are to maintain the readability of unreadable comments while you ban users for making comments you find against "Bitcoin's best interests". The moderation team of this sub have decided they are the sole arbiters of truth in what is "Bitcoin's best interests" and that is entirely what's wrong.
Do you remember the audio "debate" between Ver and a bunch of segwit supporters/core devs a while ago from the whaleclub teamspeak? Every single participant denounced this subreddits moderation practices and acknowledged the damage that's been done.  The only prominent bitcoin figures who don't acknowledge the damage being done are the r/bitcoin moderation team.
So if one of us is going to get all riled up and climb atop our morally high horse about what is and isn't a deceptive representation of events, it sure isn't going to be you. The mod team here lives in an alternate univese where people who are passionate about bitcoin and active users are brigaders; where every tool in the moderation toolbox must be deployed to maintain a moderator friendly narrative. Trying to portray your CSS rules as something that enhances readability is only true in the context that it enhances the readability of the narrative you subscribe to.
"Snap out of it man".
Edit: And I can't believe you'd suggest I'm some sort of Ver zealot after all the work I've done countering misinformation in that shit hole rbtc, read my post history. This is exactly what I'm talking about when I say you're engaging in some sort of war - everyone you see is a combatant and you've got your ban hammer ready. Knock that shit off.
@_date: 2016-01-15 05:19:50
It's possible I'm misunderstanding this so please correct me - but the majority of the hashing power which sits in China needs to propagate large blocks as they mine them to the rest of the nodes on the network, the majority of which exist [outside of China]( 
Doesn't the fact that Chinese miners need to propagate blocks through the firewall to reach a majority of nodes give the race condition advantage to the non-Chinese miners who don't need to pass the firewall to reach a majority of nodes?
I would think if the blocksize was raised and if Chinese miners were having propagation issues they would artificially lower their own blocksize to remain competitive while the rest of the world could happily mine large blocks.
I'd like to be corrected if I'm wrong about this, please explain the mechanics I'm missing here.
@_date: 2019-03-07 19:56:47
They have been anything but quiet. Rogers attempt to be the first source of information people interested in Bitcoin see so he can promote BCH instead continues endlessly through his bought and paid for social accounts, communities, and domains. Craig just forked his BSV garbage coin and the drama around that split has been endless and delicious. Jihan did his failed IPO and is losing money and market share. Anything but quiet. 
@_date: 2017-03-29 00:09:55
It really would not be the best solution for reasons I just described. Do you want someone who bought up 50% of the bitcoins in existence in 2010 to control the network for decades? Should the bitcoin economic security model effectiveness be locked to whatever market cap a given persons coins were transacted at?
@_date: 2019-03-25 15:23:27
Behind how? Coinbase users aren't bitcoin users, their only impact is on price.
Bitcoin is not a price. It's a protocol, and Coinbase frequently acts against it as I described at length.
Maybe if you could see Bitcoin as something other than a token you would be capable of pulling your head out of your ass and contributing something substantive to this conversation.
@_date: 2017-03-10 23:38:10
The contradicting functions being completed have been possible for years now, that's not going to change anytime soon at any price. You may believe the market is overbought, but the market can stay irrational for so long it doesn't really matter if you're right or wrong - it's where it is.
@_date: 2019-03-31 14:49:15
I think it's a valuable conversation, even beyond the specifics of one use case, just because there is such a commonly held belief in the rest of the crypto space that "archival" nodes as you and the Ethereum team both call them  are not necessary, that pruned nodes do the same job with the same security properties and no trade offs. Lightning is just an example because it relies on potentially non-recent chain state, but there are potentially many uses that do and as you already noted and I want to underline, it impacts the health of the whole network.
A sophisticated user can do anything, tailoring their resource usage to their needs and fully aware of every trade off present. That is unfortunately not most users and we as such need to spread awareness of those trade offs.
@_date: 2017-03-20 15:55:23
The least cataclysmic of these options is to concede a hardfork to BU consensus and progress from there. It maintains the hashrate, it will likely maintain the price, and it will keep transactions flowing. More than that it puts competent and risk adverse devs right in the heart of the fire, which is where we need them most.
I understand the strong feelings many have about the centralization this will introduce, but I assure you that through this split centralization will be present on both chains as the big players take a larger chunk of their respective pies. There may be no way to avoid this short term and we need to think about ways to reduce centralization in this new potential reality. I can think of no devs better for that job than the ones who have rallied against this risky hardfork and fully understand the pile of shit we are getting ourselves into.
I'm very uneasy about the idea we should let our chain be crippled for a month, further incentivizing miners to move away from core while fees explode and blocks stagnate. Our network of miners is what creates our economic security model and I would be very hesitant to throw that away to another coin by changing PoW, though I am keen on the idea of creating some sort of PoW failsafe mechanic where we could switch PoW with relatively little pain should a quantum attack materialize in the coming decade.
@_date: 2019-03-25 17:35:21
I've already rebuked that argument several times in this thread, you can refer yourself to the substantive conversation you refuse to participate in. If you want to talk about hate being bad for the ecosystem I suggest you look at your own hateful, ignorant commentary. 
@_date: 2019-03-29 16:04:17
Both can be and are true. Bitcoin - big 'B' - is a protocol. Little 'b' bitcoin is a token. Bitcoin the protocol is bad for bankers as it displaces them, but bitcoin the token is just the same as any other monetary instrument that can be custodially held and managed for profit by a bank.
We need more Bitcoin users and less Coinbase users.
@_date: 2019-03-11 16:15:09
Appealing to your education then saying a full node isn't important is a pretty big contradiction. Maybe you aren't as educated as you think you are.
It's not important to "max" out security and privacy, it's important for not trusting others period. If you are comfortable trusting someone for various use cases that's fine, great even - just know who you are trusting and the extent of that trust. Make educated decisions. Right now most users aren't even aware of the trust trade offs they are making.
Saying you would never need a full node unless living under a dictatorship is to entirely miss the point of running a full node. If you are comfortable trusting someone else always that's good for you but it absolutely should not be the default for everyone.
@_date: 2019-03-24 18:00:15
1. Yes, rational for running a business and collecting fees not maturing a decentralized protocol. That's exactly what this post is about. Exchanges are banks, they are businesses, and they are not allies of the Bitcoin protocol. They serve their investors and owners whims, nothing else.
2. There was nothing well intended about S2X or the NYA from the perspective of a protocol participant. It was businesses looking to subsidize their costs, for transaction fee stability, and for scale. Those are all well intended from strictly the perspective of the business being self serving, and disastrous to the protocol and maintainers of decentralization when the mechanisms of accomplishing those goals are the ones the business community proposed. It was further short sighted engineering, with absolutely no business resources spent on the Bitcoin protocol they sought to dictate, just on themselves. It wasn't well intentioned, it was strictly self serving. If it was well intentioned why not commit developer resources and several years time as asked? Why not collaborate with the community and protocol participants, developers and node runners and users, in any way? Not at all well intentioned. It was a take over attempt.
 
The UASF was absolutely malicious, it was a dangerous act of war responding to an act of war. I wasn't in favor of it at the time, and I still believe UASF dangerous, but it very clearly demonstrated the active role node runners play in consensus and security as well as forced the segwit softfork issue. It also demonstrated Core doesn't dictate consensus at all, as it was opposed by most maintainers and those nodes who did run UASF did so of their own volition as an insurgent movement led by lukejr.
There is nothing 'wtf' about calling a limited and exclusive party of business owners trying to direct development of an open source, volunteer driven protocol whose inherent function is decentralized consensus an attack. There is something 'wtf' about being so eager to deny the facts though.
@_date: 2019-03-08 17:46:16
Bitcoin is a protocol. You can run the protocol by installing node software on your computer. The bitcoin token is just a tool to enable the protocol. The protocol accomplishes trustless verification and decentralized consensus. If you aren't running a node you aren't engaging in the protocol, you're trusting someone. It's very important to understand who if anyone you are trusting when using Bitcoin so you understand your risks.
Running a node costs resources in harddrive space, bandwidth, and processing time. Running one allows you to trust no one and gives you a role in the security of the network. You can learn about how to run a node here: 
@_date: 2019-03-25 16:19:17
Look at the wonderful conversation I just had in this thread with several people who are not maximalists, then look at your ignorant and pointless commentary and be ashamed of yourself.
@_date: 2019-03-17 22:10:59
I always talk technology. Bitcoin is valuable because it creates a unique trust model and platform for accomplishing tasks leveraging that trust. If you describe how the valuable properties of censorship resistance and decentralization emerge, it enables an almost immediate understanding of why bitcoin is valuable and blockchain is a tool used in creating that value, but has no intrinsic value or promises of immutability itself.
@_date: 2019-03-31 14:40:48
Is there even a mechanism in any full node to accomplish the height/date based pruning you describe? As far as I know it's size based pruning on all full nodes. All of these caveats are what make it unsafe. You would have to be constantly resetting your pruning size to keep that March 28 2018 block.
Can pruned nodes do some jobs? Sure. They aren't as safe as full nodes for many jobs though, meaning they do not have identical security properties.
@_date: 2019-03-22 16:25:56
Don't let what happened to 1broker happen to you.
@_date: 2019-03-07 00:18:30
Don't let your keys touch online or unsecured devices at all. Always create signed transactions on offline or air gapped devices and you won't be relying on the security of torrent running hardware.
@_date: 2017-03-17 18:15:24
Could you clarify what "winning" means? Is there any scenario in which there are two viable chains with active trading/hashpower and the BU implementation is called "BTC"?
@_date: 2019-03-07 00:23:43
That's because hardware wallets are doing exactly the process I describe of signing the keys in a secure inaccessible environment before broadcasting signed transactions to the infected node (assuming you use your own node, you should!), the keys never touch the infected machine. You can do the same thing with any device not just hardware wallets.
@_date: 2019-03-11 17:32:18
If you find yourself with 5 minutes in the coming days it would be a charity if you would watch the clip and correct me where you feel I've gone wrong. It's difficult for me to reconcile what you're saying with what the video seems to be very explicitly saying.
@_date: 2019-03-24 21:36:28
You as well!
@_date: 2019-03-11 18:27:47
Creating economic incentive for full nodes would get more node runners. That's undisputed. What is disputed is that it's the only or even the best way to solve the problem. Any incentive is a modifier on the number of nodes that would otherwise exist, and the specific incentive of an economic incentive implies someone paying that incentive and an entirely new distribution mechanism. Both of those are nontrivial issues with trade offs and consequences depending on your proposed solution. I also expect there would be issues creating a significant incentive. It's one thing to pay a single miner a transaction fee plus coinbase, it's another to pay hundreds of thousands of potential node runners in a way meaningful enough to incentivize them. The most obvious answer is another coinbase, but that's the kind of inflation that would be entirely rejected at the consensus level.
It sounds like a good idea, but as soon as you dive into the details it gets very messy.
@_date: 2017-02-11 15:30:45
Once you've responded to a single thing I've said I'll respond back to you.
@_date: 2019-03-01 18:37:29
The lightning network literally is Bitcoin, it's sophisticated Bitcoin transactions that enable offchain interactions. If you are using it on Bitcoin alone you are using Bitcoin.
When a user correctly thinks that Bitcoin is lightning, they aren't unable to pay their partner or at risk of losing their coins by sending to an altcoins address. I question the calibration of your moral compass. The potential harms from misunderstanding are entirely incomparable even if you do incorrectly believe lightning is not Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-03-26 00:48:42
Almost all services use gRPC interfaces you can use with any language. The LND docs have javascript examples.
@_date: 2016-03-12 18:34:27
First things first, you can check your transactions success by using what is called a [block explorer]( which is viewing the live bitcoin network (while you are still "updating"). Just paste your receive address into the search box. If your transaction is reported by a block explorer as confirmed, then they are confirmed and waiting for you when your Bitcoin Core finishes downloading the entire blockchain.
Bitcoin Core is the heavy lifting hardware that does all the work of the bitcoin network. While you are running Bitcoin Core you essentially are a part of the backbone that is bitcoin, and it is the way any businesses or trustless entities should use bitcoin as it gives them full trustless access to the bitcoin network. Another kind of wallet is called an SPV wallet, where you are essentially using someone else's version of Bitcoin Core so you don't need a copy of the whole blockchain . That "updating" delay you are experiencing is the blockchain downloading, and is unnecessary on SPV clients because SPV clients hook up to someone else who has downloaded the entire blockchain, and you're implicitly choosing to trust them to a small degree by using an SPV wallet.
Examples of SPV wallets are mobile phone wallets like mycelium and electrum.
If you checked a block explorer and your funds are confirmed and you decide you want to switch to an SPV wallet to get your funds immediately, you may get your receive address private key using instructions found [here]( and google "import private key X" where X is the SPV client you end up choosing.
@_date: 2019-03-07 19:42:29
Legal systems define ownership, but the Bitcoin protocol defines ownership that supersedes legal ownership. Many coins are stolen, but bitcoin doesn't distinguish their ownership the way a stolen car would be difficult to transact. Bitcoin is fungible. As far as Bitcoin is concerned whoever can sign a transaction spending the coins validly is the owner.
You can appeal to the legal system of your choice to appeal to their definition of ownership, but they cannot supersede the protocols requirement for keys to equate ownership. They can only try to find the keys.
@_date: 2019-03-11 17:28:01
Again I agree it's an uphill battle, but if you're willing to give up on getting users to run full nodes you may as well be ready to give up on Bitcoin. Full nodes are that fundamentally important. You can only even run, what, 20 SPV wallets off a full node and realistically the numbers are lower than that because many nodes aren't listening and limit connections. We face existential threats from actors just as we did with BCH requiring full nodes to be present and vigilant. We also need full nodes just to trust no one. They are incredibly important.
@_date: 2019-03-11 19:17:45
Yes, I agree with all of that - but Core already allows users to run near instantly after minor setup in a graduating to full node manner and as far as I know SPV support still hasn't been merged in.  What's the goal of adding a Neutrino server to Core and why does it need an upgrade to something it doesn't currently support? I'm a little more up in the air about whether neutrino p2p endpoints need to be in Core to enable these light clients. I think a couple people maybe including Luke dislike neutrino inherently, but I have no problem with trust trade offs existing so long as people understand what they are trading off. Again, education is so so important IMO to the long term success of this protocol. I see this got a concept ack so I expect as always it will be about educating people on their options.
@_date: 2019-03-11 19:51:11
Are you suggesting Core node runners will choose to abandon core if it doesn't natively support neutrino clients? The vast majority of neutrino users I don't expect will be themselves neutrino server runners or Core runners, though I can dream.
The real advantaged users here will be the many mobile users running neutrino clients, not the server runners. I don't think the cost of a few additional rpc calls, bandwidth, and some additional database use is disastrous but it's not nothing. As someone whose goal is to reduce disincentives such as node costs and even replace them with incentives like monetary reward, I would think you would also be in favor of minimalism in the reference implementation by default.
@_date: 2019-03-25 18:35:57
First, anyone's contributions doesn't invalidate the observations that Coinbase is an enemy of the protocol.
Second, I would wager I contribute more than you do. I moderate the chat in this sub, I maintain a handful of bitcoin and lightning related repos, I educate new users, and I spread the culture of decentralization.
Third, Brian Armstrong serves himself. Coinbase is a vehicle for making money.
As I have said a half dozen times in this thread, Coinbase users are not Bitcoin users. They never interact with the protocol, they don't hold their own keys. Brain does nothing for Bitcoin, and in fact has actively attacked it as I have outlined several times. He doesn't promote Bitcoin, he promotes Coinbase.
@_date: 2019-11-13 19:12:54
I like this visualization.
@_date: 2019-03-08 17:44:29
You should use a node anyway, it's the only way to be truly trustless. There are also custodial solutions, trusted third party nodes, SPV wallets, and Neutrino to cover varying degrees of trust use cases.
@_date: 2019-03-11 19:30:21
Isn't it an option to have this functionality in other software though? It's rather a moot point since it's already happening, but my default position would be to see neutrino servers be stacked on top of core not included in it. Maybe it will get a compile time option, that might be sufficient.
This has been a good conversation touching on a lot of subjects, thanks for it.
@_date: 2019-03-24 18:51:05
It is a subsidization of costs. You are pushing fees from coinbase onto node runners resource usage requirements.
Economic decentralization is irrelevant. One person could own 99% of all bitcoins and it wouldn't be a centralized protocol. Transactions could cost as much as you can dream of and it wouldn't imply anything about protocol decentralization. Bitcoin is a protocol and it is where decentralization matters. bitcoin with a lower case is a token, and it has no properties of decentralization nor needs any.
There was absolute a right side and a wrong side. What luke does when he campaigns for lower block sizes, that's a difference of values. He doesn't gain anything either way, he is stating an opinion as an engineer. He isn't attacking consensus or threatening the protocol. What the NYA participants did was self serving and literally an attack on consensus.  Luke isn't committing anyone to a consensus or organizing influential parties. What luke is doing is 'signalling' as you say. The NYA was not signalling, it was a consensus of business owners and commitment to execution.
if you expect bitcoin fees to be low forever or stable you are going to be disappointed. Fees protect Bitcoin from several kinds of attacks. For years now, over half a decade, the entire community has discussed scaling solutions and they settled very appropriately on scaling in layers much as most network protocols scale features and functionalities.  If you want low stable fees, use lightning. Bitcoin will never have them for any extended duration of time in the future despite many blockspace optimizing improvements.
@_date: 2019-03-11 18:56:31
because as I said, it's important people understand the trust trade offs and we do need to be wary of creating a more trusting network and reducing node counts as we scale. There is a way to do both, and it includes keeping neutrino out of Core and instead on battery powered devices where it is well suited. Maybe even letting other full node implementations handle the neutrino servers.
@_date: 2019-11-02 20:18:15
No one is stopping you from evaluating credit and collateral and issuing loans or credit, and some people (and businesses) do that with btc.
@_date: 2019-03-29 19:58:58
The fees to close the channel, literally called commit fees, are committed at the time of channel creation and updated over the course of the channels life as on-chain fees change.
You can't close a channel by DDoSing the participants. You can make it inactive, but not force it to settle. Channels regularly are inactive and they are routed around.
If for some reason you chose to force close as many actively used channels from as many nodes as possible at once (which we have seen a handful of times already as people experiment with the network) transactions would be routed around alternative routes where available. Force closed channels also have a clearing time, some of my channels don't clear for over 100 hours worth of blocks. Gracefully closed channels resolve almost immediately.
@_date: 2019-03-20 15:49:24
Margin and shorting services have legitimate uses and none of these regulations would have stopped the fraud at Quadriga.  The only regulation Bitcoin companies require are 1) Disclaimers describing how if at all they hold the keys of their users and the risks of allowing the company to hold and manage keys 2) Instructions and encouragement to users on how to hold their own keys and 3) Auditing of key storage and access/control procedures and use of public auditing tools like [reserves](
That is literally the whole sum of Bitcoin regulation I would be willing to tolerate.
@_date: 2019-03-01 15:06:42
This must only cover listening nodes, the numbers are way too small. There are ~56k nodes, only about 10k of which are listening nodes.
@_date: 2019-03-11 15:51:50
You don't need an economic incentive there are non economic incentives and you don't need neutrino.  Pruned nodes work perfectly fine and can mature into full nodes. Neutrino is a dramatically different trust model than a pruned/full node and while useful for some use cases such as mobile, don't really have a place in Core.
Full/pruned node = trusting yourself
SPV client = trusting someone else's full node
Neutrino  = trusting the miner who made the last commitment edit: or not? did the I miss the meaning of the talk at the [unconfiscatable conference](
We should not encourage or incentivize the last option beyond users who wouldn't use full nodes in the first place, like on mobile.
@_date: 2017-03-04 17:57:32
You won't find a lot of "healthy discussions" on reddit, unfortunately. Too many ideologues. The mailing list is where more merit based discussions of the pros and cons of various proposals takes place.
@_date: 2019-11-11 02:43:37
I don't think it's unpredictable. In fact I'll predict it right now: The next ATH will be accompanied by hysterics. So will the crashes, and so will the recovery. Half the content in the price chat is hysterics even today. If there is ONE thing I am confident I can predict, it's that bitcoin users will continue to speculatively gamble and be hysterical about pumps and dumps.
What's the merit of cutting the highs and lows off the price action or deciding what a "real" bitcoin supporter is? It's counterproductive as far as I can tell.
@_date: 2019-03-25 21:24:59
Some of us are investing in a technology we understand, others still aren't investing but using their Bitcoin for function. Thinking of Bitcoin as an investment instead of a protocol is an extremely narrow view.
How do the folks who have been here for over half a decade and seen many bubbles fit into your view of Bitcoin as an investment? Any investor would have cashed out at thousands of percent gain.
@_date: 2017-03-15 00:42:47
Reply at your leisure, or feel free to move this disagreement to PM if you'd prefer.
I genuinely want to convince you that the current moderation direction has achieved undesirable results. The current "cold war" must be deescalated to avoid what I consider to be threats to the decentralized security model. It's not something I often press this hard on but today I think we both tickled each other in just the wrong way, so it's as good an opportunity as any.
@_date: 2019-03-24 19:43:49
As already described, there is an enormous difference between signalling or discussing an idea and the NYA agreement. It's literally an agreement by name to execute an action. The discussion that happened outside that closed room largely rejected its artificial consensus and took action to protect themselves.
Bitcoins value comes from decentralization and its unique security model. While the bitcoin token's application and potential use cases may create value for the token that may be enhanced by the scale of users much per metcalfe's law, the underlying decentralization is what enables that value at all. Without one, any discussion of the other is entirely pointless. Bitcoin is thus not a typical network where users strictly define value, though the token may be. You cannot have  bitcoin token without a decentralized Bitcoin protocol, so sacrificing decentralization for gains in token users is an inherently losing strategy.
If I had a genie I would take 10x more full nodes on the network. There is a strong argument to be made that if you aren't engaging in the protocol you are not a Bitcoin user. Coinbase users are not Bitcoin users. They are Coinbasecoin users. They engage in the protocol not at all, and while using coinbase don't even control their own keys. Even if you disagree that you must be engaging the protocol to be  Bitcoin user, you surely must agree that there are practical limits to the number of SPV wallets the existing public, listening node count can facilitate. The default is 20 per node. We need nodes no matter what your view on whether users should have to run one.
The future blocksize may someday need to be increased. That day is not in the foreseeable future.
@_date: 2019-11-11 09:41:20
And yet the vast majority of software engineers disagree with you. Blockchains inherently do not scale, an inability to scale is a fundamental property of an infinite append only data structure requiring redundant validation.
Don't spread bcash talking points out of ignorance. Don't suggest what most software engineers think when the majority of us clearly think the opposite of your claims. If you were right bcash wouldn't be the joke that it is and wouldn't be constantly struggling to fund and maintain development, and the vast majority of their commits wouldn't be upstream Core commits
Not only do your claims fall flat in the face of any engineering scrutiny, but they fall flat by a simple polling of engineers based on what they choose to work on. Lightning dev alone has more development activity than all of bcash. Your claims are ridiculous.
@_date: 2019-11-04 03:56:01


The entire mechanism of the chosen chat message operation is the problem. I'd hardly expect a fully specified chat protocol built on top of LN and adopted by wallets in the next... years.
I think you're underplaying the issue. Doing this properly requires a means of paying node operators and ideally not mispurposing invalid transactions. How great are you going to think this feature is when it becomes pay to use?
@_date: 2019-11-18 20:30:28
Those payments you sent have failed, and are just waiting for the invoice to expire which should take about an hour.
I'm not sure what the "connecting to peers" message on that specific wallet indicates, but is it possible you aren't able to properly connect to your peers and thus your payments aren't going through?
@_date: 2019-11-06 15:21:56
That's exactly how the attack works, and yes they paid those fees and the fees are the only reason they eventually stopped. It cost them an arm and a leg. It's not conspiracy, it's simple observation. The community was fighting, and transactions literally structured to send less than they spent in fees filled the bottom of the mempool and layered upwards for months. It was an attack, plain and simple. These transaction had no op return data of any known significance, they weren't colored coins, they were single satoshi transactions with multi-dollar fees. There is no use for them but to fill mempool and blocks.
@_date: 2019-03-24 17:34:13
I cannot believe people here still defend Coinbase and their repeated attacks on the Bitcoin protocol, let alone their attacks on fungibility and the way they drive users to custodial solutions and altcoins. Not only is Coinbase a bank and inherent enemy of Bitcoin, they repeatedly act as an enemy of Bitcoin. Too many here are too quick to forget the NYA agreement and S2X where they were an enormous part of a corporate takeover attempt on consensus. An attempt that literally failed to launch for the very lack of testing and engineering time developers cited. If they had succeeded bitcoin could have been the failure that S2X was and crushed the last bullrun prematurely, and corporate governance of bitcoin would be the new norm.
Stop saying Coinbase is not an enemy of Bitcoin. It flies in the face of obvious facts.
@_date: 2019-03-31 14:27:19
I was speaking as an LND runner who has repeatedly seen Alex comment not to run pruned as it is not supported and reading in the exact page you linked for LND it says


I hardly think March 28 2018 to now is 5 gigs, and users are at best locked pruning to that date. Does any full node even support date based or block number based pruning as opposed to disk size based?
@_date: 2019-03-07 04:07:27
Anything can be hacked. It often takes physical access to the device or a malicious firmware upgrade to attack hardware wallets, or exploiting an unpatched firmware.
@_date: 2017-03-10 18:00:54
Bitcoin is not and will never be just one thing. It's not just a currency, it's also a speculation vehicle. Right now that's one of the primary use cases. Why should bitcoin be just one thing in all contexts? The reason it's, for example, a valuable hedge against traditional investments is because it doesn't correlate well with any other asset class - including currencies. Bitcoins versatility is a huge part of its value.
@_date: 2019-03-31 15:02:26
I wasn't implying you were saying full nodes aren't necessary as you have repeatedly now said otherwise, I was explaining why these discussions are culturally valuable in this space IMO.
We do agree on everything, we've agreed since your first comment. My sole motivation in this conversation has been clarifying for readers that pruned nodes and full nodes are not the same. That even as you describe they can provide the same individual level of assurances, that doesn't mean they inherently will. It requires applied knowledge to protect yourself on the individual level when running a pruned node. You have to understand your use cases and their necessary use of the blockchain, and in some instances like lightning would have to create a script that constantly changes your prune size - or as you suggest have a buffer large enough to mandate manual prune size adjustments a couple times a year.
None of those are things you don't know. I'm not here educating someone who clearly knows what they are talking about. I'm instead trying to offer a fuller picture of the realities of pruned and full nodes beyond "they have the same security properties", because IMO the discussion is necessarily more nuanced than that.
@_date: 2019-03-23 18:45:57
Bluewallet is custodial and you can lose lightning funds, unless you use it with your own node and copy of the bluewallet backend which they make conveniently available.
@_date: 2019-03-10 21:08:08
Bitmain is the perfect example of how attacking Bitcoin is expensive and self destructive. Let their failure be a warning for those who would try it again.
@_date: 2019-11-02 21:34:40
You're telling me you've never heard of people engaging in a personal loan? It's also entirely possible to register as a money services business with very little effort if you want to engage in services at scale, and even less effort in jurisdictions outside NA.
No financial regulator is stopping you from engaging in p2p banking services or providing p2p banking services to others.
@_date: 2019-11-16 19:55:03
I'll forgive any company willing to demonstrate through their actions they have reformed their view. Coinshares research is a good example. They have been parading how wrong their original position was up and down houses of government and through their own research. In Bobby's case I'd like to see some no-strings-attached resources poured into bitcoin development to demonstrate he does care about the independence of developers and the scalability of the ecosystem as a whole.
@_date: 2019-11-04 09:09:28
It certainly is very neat, a great example of innovation within constraints. For me the current code and discussion are more valuable in presenting the idea of routing arbitrary data over the p2p network to enable further functions. It could be a neat thing, especially for those without internet connectivity. The lightning blockstream satellites are pretty cool for similar reasons - global lightning funded messaging and bitcoin network access.
Maybe if enough people get excited about the idea someone will build it, people will choose to run it, and then more people will build end user solutions on top of that. It takes years to get things like AMP and any changes to bolt. I'm not expecting a payment unrelated use case to  jump to the front of consensus discussions.
@_date: 2019-03-31 19:00:10
Do most newbies use hosting providers to run applications? I hope most users would prefer to run on their own hardware than use hosted services. When I think hosted services I am willing to pay for monthly I think hobbiests, developers, and businesses.
@_date: 2019-03-30 01:40:32
Milisatoshi are the base unit of the lightning network. You can further divide satoshi on layers like lightning without the need to seek a bitcoin protocol consensus.
@_date: 2019-11-15 20:32:52
I see the op tech news letter literally at the top of the sub, and a workshop examining new bips was the last top post.
If you only engage in shallow content then that's of course the experience you'll have.
@_date: 2019-11-15 13:23:54
Not sure how they source their cards, but they were early lightning adopters and are one of my favorite places to use lightning.
@_date: 2017-03-24 01:23:15
Bitcoin persists on an economic security model. It's only as secure as it is expensive to attack. Do you have any idea how insane it would be to degrade the entire value of that security model by reducing the cost to attack our network to a gpu farm? The only scenario in which migrating away from our current miners is acceptable is as a last resort in the midst of a successful attack - cutting off the limb to save the body scenario.
Viewing the miners as an enemy to be avoided displays a gross misunderstanding of how bitcoin functions.
@_date: 2019-03-01 18:49:25
You are relying on the security and properties of whatever coin you are using. As I explicitly said, if you are using Bitcoin alone on lightning then you are using Bitcoin's security, your literal Bitcoin tokens. It is literally an extension of function of Bitcoin, not an entirely incomparable and unrelated network like BCH. Again, comparing the two and their totally disparate potential harms to people who misunderstand (An incompatible network, entirely different asset, and severe risk of loss for trying to use BCH on BTC) versus the nonexistent risk of misunderstanding that Bitcoin is or isn't lightning makes me question your moral compass. How you can view those as equally wrong even if your incorrect assumptions about what lightning is were true is incoherent.
@_date: 2018-10-30 17:01:25
After years and years of news not impacting price how did you come to this conclusion?
China banning (2013-2017), price goes down, up, and flat for various "ban" threats and actions.
Silk Road busts October 2013, price goes up.
India banning July 2018, no price movement.
ETF rejected round 1 January 2017, price goes up.
ETFs in limbo September 2018, price doesn't move.
Futures markets from CBOE and CME December 2017, prices goes down
Bitcoin forks August 2017, price goes up. 
Lightning launches and expands March 2018, price goes down.
Schnorr gets a BIP July 2018, price doesn't move.
The correlation between news and price movement is very poor. What made you think otherwise?
@_date: 2019-11-13 18:20:26
If someone hasn't realized bitcoin is divisible they probably haven't learned enough to secure their own coins or safely use bitcoin. I don't think the goal should be to get as many people to buy bitcoin as possible by describing it in psychologically attractive price descriptions. It should be a broader, more general bitcoin education
@_date: 2019-11-30 00:46:28
If I were seriously concerned about privacy I wouldn't be using an exchange at all or posting here. For people with those concerns that is all good advice. Also using tails, using bitcoin and lightning through tor, ipfs hosting and DHT torrents to distribute data, and buying bitcoin through bisq.
Please don't promote altcoins. Hopefully brave migrates to lightning or bitcoin, but until then it's just another utility token.
@_date: 2019-11-04 21:18:45
One of the things I love the most about this broad FOSS community is that it contains such diverse skill sets. I'm sure there are people with the skills and inclination to turn these ideas into a genuine social media campaign, but my contributions thus far are limited to the odd software project and long winded reddit comments. I hope other people on other platforms come to these same conclusions and post similar messages in other mediums, but that person isn't likely to be me.
@_date: 2019-03-11 16:56:41
The proliferation and creation of educational materials for Bitcoin already is some of the best in any open source community. Bitcoin is an excellent example of an open source project with unpaid educators and evangelicals.
You're right that it's incredibly difficult to educate and we aren't doing a good enough job even if we are doing such a good job that we compete with multimillion dollar advertising competitors. We need to be doing better than even the best.
I don't agree we are "doubly doomed" but I completely agree it could be our doom which is why I'm talking about it. Full nodes play an important security role. We need educated, technically and politically aware node runners and it will always be an uphill battle to make new ones. We saw how important node runners were during the BCH fork for both the network and individual users. 


You understand incorrectly. Polling nodes to come to consensus is exactly the kind of model susceptible to Sybil attacks PoW and full chain verification was used to avoid. It's a perfectly reasonable stop gap for many uses cases as I continue to note, but the trust model of SPV wallets are far from equivalent to full nodes.
I can't stress enough that it's not anyones fault that people don't understand this. Not only disseminating this information but getting the base technical literacy among the general population to make informed decisions using this information may be an impossible task. I have hope that since the once thought impossibly complex mechanisms of the internet are now broadly understood by internet using populations we might find educational success too. Even though our task may be more difficult we can achieve similar results in the coming decades. If that doesn't happen we may see the security for the average non-full node Bitcoin user degrade as we approach scale.
@_date: 2019-11-16 22:23:40
He has done well for himself, he can do what he can in his own way. The point is action not words. It doesn't need to be a direct donation.
@_date: 2018-10-12 14:06:51
That wouldn't cause a price disparity between exchanges.
@_date: 2017-03-28 23:46:04
The whole point is that only people with enough money get to buy expensive mining rigs and have a say. You can buy a small one and have a tiny say, just like you could buy a small amount of bitcoin and have a negligible say in some silly PoS voting system. Why wouldn't you prefer the security model which raises the economic barrier to attack to it's highest possible, while maintaining a nash equilibrium of economic incentives to maintain and amplify that economic security model?
The barriers to attack a PoS model are quite simply smaller and not dynamic as a function of time. If someone chooses to buy 50% of all of a PoS currency in existence (studies suggest much less of the network would have to be bought to effectively attack a PoS coin), they have control forever until they choose to sell. If someone wants to buy 50% of all miners in existence on a PoW blockchain, they will have to continue their economic attack as a function of time - as more miners compete with them. You can't buy coins that aren't being sold to counter an attack on a PoS coin, but you can produce more hashing hardware to counter an attack on a PoW coin. You can rebel against the miners in a PoW coin as well as a node runner. You don't have the same breadth of defensive options as a PoS coin without destroying fungibility.
The idea that you want to keep PoW but move consensus voting to another system is just... why even have PoW if you aren't going to use it as a "proof" in your consensus layer? It just doesn't make sense.
@_date: 2016-06-27 17:52:33
It's not theoretical!!! And I think you don't understand 2FA unless you have yet another phone you are 2FA your first phone with.
You've been told what you wanted to know, you can either take it as fact or you can ignore it. Either way the truth of the matter is phones get hacked frequently, and if you provide any access to your phone I'd be happy to show you for a one time fee of any bitcoins I find on it.
@_date: 2016-06-27 18:27:26
You don't understand 2fa. An attacker does not need physical access to the device. 2FA means you must have the 2FA on a SEPARATE device from the one that is being attacked to remain secure.
Your insistence on hearing an anecdote against your position is frankly asinine. Comments you make betray a deep misunderstanding about how security works. Please believe me when I say your phone is a vulnerable hot wallet and you should treat it that way. I have found several instances of people with hacked phones who had their bitcoins stolen, but I refuse to link them to you. You will either 1. learn to research on your own,  2. learn that anecdote isn't a viable means to form a conclusion, or 3. fully commit to ignorance on this issue.
@_date: 2019-11-29 21:24:44
You've been around long enough to know we don't like promotional content and giveaways especially as pertains to primarily altcoin services. If you want to advertise use the ad system.
@_date: 2019-11-07 21:21:50
Please stop posting bitcoin.com low quality blog spam. It's one thing if they got the exclusive article, but this isn't that.
@_date: 2019-11-16 06:13:56
Blockchain is a near useless and unscalable append only ledger with zero interesting properties on its own. 
Bitcoin is a consensus protocol with properties of immutability and byzantine fault tolerance as a function of its game theory and structured costs to engage.
Take your FUD somewhere else please. There are plenty of other communities where you can make your arguments from ignorance.
@_date: 2018-10-18 22:58:01
It's pretty easy to dismiss anyone who says the leading practice in world politics is death. Death over what, 75 years and cradled to the end by social programs no doubt.
@_date: 2019-03-22 19:16:05
Eth is a joke. Have you seen this two blockchain get rid of the old chain nonsense?
@_date: 2019-11-04 19:26:25
I think it will make it a better and more sustainable networking service, but I think there is a psychological issue at play where people are used to paying for internet and getting everything on the internet for free as opposed to paying for network services by the action. Chatting is a social app, and I don't think I've heard of a successful chatting app which charged per message. I guess texting? It's for sure necessary, I'm just not sure how reality will mesh with people's imaginations when they think "lightning network chat" and assume bidirectional free  comms.
@_date: 2017-03-17 15:14:45
lol @ over built and complex hundreds of lines of code. Lets let maintainability and complexity arguments be advocated by people who don't scoff at a hundred lines of code.
Until you've maintained software and yourself reviewed the code being proposed I don't want to hear it.
@_date: 2019-11-11 02:30:38
Bitcoins market functions in cycles driven by emotion, including hysteria. Be it 2011 or 2013 or 2017, to remove the extremes in high when evaluating bitcoins health is to ignore that for bitcoin, volatility and emotional traders is perfectly healthy. It's discarding valuable data. Do you imagine the next ATH won't involve hysterics?
To define "real supporters" is to define true scotsmen. There is no such thing. There are just people from scotland and people who use bitcoin. It's not productive to try to define them further to exclude people, ideas, and use cases you don't value. Just like it's not productive to dismiss price action you don't agree is natural.
@_date: 2019-03-11 17:07:23
Can you describe the Neutrino trust model as you understand it a little more? I'd like to correct my misunderstanding on this if any. My understanding is coming largely from Peter Todd and John Newbery's comments at the recent unconfiscatable bitcoin conference. Peter describes the model as one trusting miners and their commitments, effectively a self selecting trust model for miners.
The ~5 minute clip:
@_date: 2018-10-16 16:13:08


I'm not ignoring that fact, I am repeatedly saying that those people shouldn't be in Bitcoin. You are ignoring me.


I'm not ignoring that either, I'm again repeatedly saying those people should continue to use banks and not use Bitcoin until superior security models are adopted by their banks to handle low trust assets. You ignoring my response isn't me ignoring you.


I again have repeatedly used liquid as such an example, but any federated custody model such as multisignature, or as coinbase vault used to be setup by default to enable shared custody with the user. I again repeat, maybe you should read what you are responding to before insisting I am ignoring your points.


Some assets and paradigms still inherently lend themselves to trusting others. Bitcoin isn't one of them. As I repeat again, when you take a low trust asset meant to supplant existing models of trust and instead throw it into existing trust models it is harmful to users and beneficial to agents of trust. There can be no argument that an index fund is an inherently superior security model being shoehorned into an inferior security model so why even bring it up? It has nothing to do with what we're talking about.
@_date: 2018-10-07 13:54:30
I like a lot of the work the NIST does but their cryptocurrency related work is quite a mixed bag. I like that they talk about the "nothing at stake" problem with PoS. I wish they would talk at all about the inherent inefficiency of blockchains and the superior traditional solutions that exist for many permissioned blockchains. They touch very briefly on the fact that blockchains aren't inherently immutable but do little to describe where the properties of immutability come from or the nash equilibrium that keeps all security actors, not just miners, working together. They don't discuss near enough the economic security model and its consequences.
My ideal NIST document would strongly discourage the use of permissioned blockchains that do not themselves resolve to an adequately secured permissionless blockchain, and delve deeper into the decentralized security models security actors including network participants and the incentives which drive them. Some talk of layered blockchain solutions like drivechains and sidechains and most importantly off chain solutions would go a long way too.
@_date: 2019-11-04 03:47:02
The entire lightning chat is based on spamming free invalid transactions across the network. The mechanism of action is in a sense an abuse. Until it is properly enabled in lightning nodes the existing chat is a poor foundation to build these solutions on and introduces more problems than it solves. What OP is proposing is we spam invalid transactions at each other to negotiate an invoice as opposed to just negotiating an invoice over IP like we do now.
@_date: 2019-11-15 19:55:48
Always lots of tech news and active dev, new companies accepting, etc. I'd say that counts as news.
@_date: 2019-03-08 21:30:36
There is no monetary reward for running a node. The reward is participation in the Bitcoin protocol and the benefits that provides. Miners are a subset of node runners competing to create the next block using expensive hardware.
@_date: 2016-06-09 22:22:46
That's exactly my point. What's the cost of what you're describing? What's the estimate cost of an investigation into the scope and cause of the infection, a full disaster recovery, instituting a comprehensive backup and restoration setup, and maintaining it for a year? I wouldn't be surprised if the university had a similar setup, but what's the time frame for the reimaging of hundreds of computers, investigating that the backup doesn't contain the virus? Unless you were waiting around doing nothing with your time before the ransomeware event or you bring your entire organization to a halt during recovery you're going to be dealing with an immense workload dealing with daily tasks without an infrastructure.
It's a very bold statement to suggest your city organization could cost effectively prevent or recover from a ransomware attack, let alone recover with any immediacy.
@_date: 2019-11-15 23:59:53
It's not a valid question and you know it. You pay what you want, no one is making you pay $0.75.
Again, go troll somewhere else. Only warning.
@_date: 2019-11-15 23:52:59
Please go troll another group of "corecucks"
@_date: 2019-11-29 21:56:00


Same. The only reason I was able to threaten to reverse my transaction is I had attempted to withdraw my BTC minutes after the deposit completed.


I completed all requested KYC and AML, twice. I also know exactly what they ended up considering "suspicious". It was a gmail address with a "+companyname" appended to it for tracking purposes. Their machine learning model threw up all its fraud flags because I used a derivative of my verified and KYC'd email address with the bank when sending the transfer of less than $1000.


You're not thinking like an algorithm that would be flagging this activity.
@_date: 2018-10-20 15:10:46
What happened in Catalonia was outrageous. The modern suppression of self determining people by violence with a stamp of approval from the Western world. Turns out we only have a problem with suppressing elections and violence when it goes against our geopolitical interests.
@_date: 2019-03-22 16:54:09
You're making a derivative and it's exactly what gets the SEC's knickers in a bunch. Have you spoken to any legal council at all about this plan?
@_date: 2018-10-19 17:50:03
It's literally the largest sovereign wealth fund in the world and grows yearly. Your ability to ignore objective facts in favor of your own delusions is amazing and sad.
@_date: 2019-03-31 14:23:12
These numbers look right, I go through just under 2 TB/month on my core node. It only became possible for me to run a node when I splurged for the highest speed and uncapped Internet in my region.
@_date: 2016-06-19 03:22:03
The bank is a centralized and insured party, and you expect those insurances because they are solely responsible. If you were told by some party that your funds were guaranteed in the DAO, you were lied to. The DAO is not a bank, and if you didn't realize the difference in risk for a highly speculative investment versus a savings account that's your own fault.
You entered into a contract and that contract was executed as written. Explicit warning that the contract execution was the definitive authority on contract interpretation was given to all parties. Why should you devalue the fundamental premise of the entire smart contract platform by introducing politics and legality, which are both subjective and regional, into the interpretation of smart contracts?
Forking to return this money is a bigger deal to me than the theft in the first place. It invalidates the platform - what use or innovation is an autonomous smart contract platform that is at the whim of politics and legalities?
@_date: 2019-03-11 18:39:20
You may have missed my edit. The devil is in the details of such an economic incentive, and I've yet to hear a way to make it happen that is realistic and responsible. If you have any ideas I'm all ears, all the ideas I have include unacceptable trade offs.
I also don't think anyone is trying to push disincentives. What many developers are trying to do is create use case appropriate trust trade offs that enable users broader use cases than a full node is capable of, which is what neutrino and spv do.
@_date: 2018-10-06 06:46:26
That this is your actual opinion is depressing. Sue your public school system for the indoctrination you have been subject to.
America is an enemy of Bitcoin. They shut down bitcoin companies inside and outside their jurisdiction and they play bully with the DNS system (see 1broker). America would be the death of Bitcoin if it wasn't decentralized just like it was the death of every similar project before bitcoin (see liberty reserve). They use their financial weight to force the rest of the world to destroy all forms of financial privacy (see swiss banking). There are a dozen examples of each. You are grossly ignorant.
Bitcoin is the escaping of such influence. I'll "respect" America when they collectively pull their heads from their asses and see the world as something other than just themselves - something you personally seem incapable of doing.
@_date: 2018-10-12 02:24:24


An excerpt from some bitfinex/client email or notice.
@_date: 2018-10-12 21:12:37
The part of this that makes no sense is that the supply of USDT isn't constant, that's the entire point. The only reason it is losing parity is because the function of its peg requires banking services by the peg provider and faith from token users that the backing USD is secured. Losing bank services ruins that faith as well as the actual mechanisms of the peg.
Trying to make a move on a rapid stock market movement relying on a week long window and losing several percent for the chance is... ill advised. If there is anyone doing this as you insist they are very foolish, an expensive price tag just for the chance to gamble.
@_date: 2019-03-09 08:01:49
There are incentives to run a node, they just aren't monetary. The incentive to run a node is largely selfish, you do it to provide yourself a service just as you might run tor or torrents or a vpn or any other software to provide yourself a service. The economic incentives exist as part of the security mechanisms of the network and don't exist to incentivize honest actions from nodes.  Bitcoin users aren't affected by hostile nodes **if and only if you are running your own node**. Miners need to be bribed to create the costs to attack the block organization and consequently Bitcoins immutability. Nodes don't have that kind of power, they can't harm anyone but themselves.
@_date: 2019-11-21 21:51:10
If you read the article I linked, the entire reason they are unlikely to prosecute the rich is because they are underfunded. The exact opposite refers to them going after the poor, not the rich.
@_date: 2018-10-20 19:01:39
Those assertions just don't hold water. The impact on the regular citizenry of independence movements has been immense, it's what birthed modern democracy and the move away from monarchy. Do you think the world would be the same today if the US was still under crown rule, if the house of lords had never come along, if the entire british empire or any of the empires before it simply stayed under their rule because as you claim there isn't a big difference for the citizens? How many wars wouldn't have been fought, how many people wouldn't have died?
I think your world view is astoundingly naive and as simple to reject as an elementary school history lesson is to teach.
@_date: 2019-11-09 18:13:59
No funds moved. The only thing sent to OP was a public address. The public address was the claimed payment by the scammer. The analogy makes perfect sense.
@_date: 2018-10-12 16:10:12
What's unusual about it? Bitcoin has always made big swings of several percent. If anything the last 4 months have been more stable than normal.
@_date: 2019-11-04 20:50:43
That objective and "proof of keys" have no relationship. That this campaign makes users think that their exchanges are in any way solvent is exactly my problem with it. It's a false sense of security in place of actual awareness and positive action. It's self congratulating security theater.
@_date: 2019-03-01 16:03:46
You don't think it's morally dubious at best to try to convince people that BCH is Bitcoin, when you know noobs googling to try to buy Bitcoin are looking for BTC and not BCH? What about the constant stream of provably false misinformation, much of it bought and paid for as it comes from the Bitcoin twitter handle and domain name? Those are attacks on the community and adoption.
Is spamming the network to create a fee event while pumping your alternative coin (as we know now this nearly killed Bitmain as a company) not an attack on the protocol?
Right and wrong are subjective, culturally interpreted values. I know of no culture where these attacks can be considered anything less than attacks, certainly not in our own Bitcoin community and culture can they be interpreted as not attacks.
@_date: 2018-10-14 19:43:24
I will bet my bitcoin against your bitcoin you couldn't describe how the lightning network functions without referencing the documentation. You are casually dismissing things you don't understand the function of.
I bet you can't describe what a watchtower is or why it doesn't require the trust of lightning nodes, I bet you can't describe the currently live HTLC's or the improvements eltoo will provide.
Why are you casually dismissing things you don't understand and getting mad at people for mocking your for your conclusions?
@_date: 2018-10-23 21:48:11
Many companies would be very interested in blacklists and other features that aren't relevant to the majority of the community. No matter what a given company relying on Core or Knots might need it would be a boon to have such a well experienced developer involved.
We're talking about centralized, custodial companies - not decentralization or the wider population of protocol actors.
@_date: 2019-03-11 18:51:13


We are. Those trust trade off solutions are well into their development and some even mature like SPV and pruned nodes. The OP is about whether or not Neutrino should be in Core, though we've been having our own discussion about the viability and necessity of economic node incentives.  I think everyone is happy or at least indifferent about these solutions existing at all. The question is about how they should be promoted and applied. IMO on both issues, economic incentives would be nice but aren't really doable and a neutrino server doesn't belong in Core.  I further believe education is the most actionable item that will move the needle as you say at all, even if not as much as is necessary by itself and though it also presents unique challenges.
@_date: 2019-11-18 20:16:30
Just like regular money, when you send it electronically isn't necessarily when it settles at its destination. You sent bitcoin but it hasn't settled yet. The speed at which it settles is determined by the fee you pay and the fee the people competing with you for fast settlement pay.
Each ~10 minutes 1-1.2 MB gets settled. You're 11.65 MB behind the first in the queue. People can jump in front of you in the queue by paying more than you. You can jump in front of the queue by using RBF to pay more fees as well.
TL;DR: Your transaction may take several hours to settle if left alone.
@_date: 2019-03-01 15:31:40
^ See? You're dissenting. Notice how it's not an attack? The distinction is pretty clear.
@_date: 2019-11-27 23:47:08
I've been telling people to pick theirs up on sale, I'm surprised by how few people know about you guys at all. All the experienced folks seem to know you guys (some from the web wallet days), but none of the newer people.
@_date: 2019-11-04 01:45:14
Sphinx payments are pretty cool. They invert some security assumptions like that the final recipient is the sole holder of the prehash that enables htlc redemption. Instead with sphinx payments the payment originator has to create the prehash since no invoice exists and sends it encrypted for the final destination to decrypt and redeem.
@_date: 2019-03-20 15:17:26
Search for any address in the search bar, gives more than top 100, though I'm seeing now doesn't give you your place on the list.
@_date: 2018-10-10 20:36:01
If there was a FOSS full implementation node I was going to investigate ways a small business offering financial products might benefit from LBTC.
Maybe we could benefit by enabling high velocity bitcoin transactions between our start up service and existing exchanges, possibly allowing my employer to tap into the volume in those markets without on chain transactions and long confirmation waits for our users.
All in all I don't know what I would use it for because until I play with it a little I'm not entirely sure how it would be superior to RSK or Counterparty or even as you suggest Elements for use cases I might need.
There was mention of a FOSS mobile wallet coming in the future, but I'm unsure if a full node able to issue assets and the like is coming to desktop.
@_date: 2019-03-07 17:59:41
More than twice as big 32 times as big, but the driver is a drunk who can't reliably stay on the road and the bus itself is too big to handle the corners. It's not a secure bus to be taking anywhere.
@_date: 2018-10-13 18:25:18
I can only explain the same thing so many times. It isn't a part of the case because it isn't relevant in describing liability for a claim of duress and fraud, just as any other ATM's dispensed currency wouldn't be relevant. Any logical structure attempting to ascribe fault does not require the word bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-10-06 17:01:51
I don't think even a majority of speakers were American. Lots of Americans sure, but you genuinely have no clue what the percent of any nationality was in attendance at that or any conference - much as you know very little about anything else.
Please don't stop. I can never wait to hear what America obsessed insanity you're going to spout next.
@_date: 2019-03-07 01:46:37
Using bitcoind and rpc: 
For electrum users: 
@_date: 2018-10-26 18:08:19
It makes no sense to use Bitcoin as a tool of centralized and trusting credit when we have those credit mechanisms already. Bitcoin may be used as collateral when seeking credit, and may be used for interest earning deposits and general investments, but both of those are a far cry from the private issuance of paper bitcoin derivatives. That's just using the wrong tool for a job.
Bitcoin is a tool for eliminating or reducing trusting relationships. Forcing it into old world trust models is ass backwards.
@_date: 2018-10-10 16:33:34
That's how those virus work. They replace the address you copy to your clipboard with their own when they detect the clipboards contents is a BTC address. If you don't double check the address you paste you end up sending to the wrong address.
@_date: 2018-10-15 16:06:58
I'm one of those that believes etf's are a tool to shoehorn the reinvention of trust into old trust models. The questions you have about how an etf functions are those very questions of how does the old trust model function. The answer is it functions using law, regulatory observation, and penal action. Bitcoin doesn't require those intermediaries to create trust and making a financial vehicle that removes the Bitcoin trust model for the old world trust model is imo inherently backwards thinking.
We already have paper bitcoin and custodial bitcoin and both pose problems. The last thing we need is custodial paper bitcoin safeguarded by the SEC. The people that want an etf are imo only concerned about the price. If you want a vehicle to trade futures those already exist, but institutional money won't use those vehicles because they are outside US jurisdiction. I say screw institutional US money, they have no interest in bitcoin they have interest in transforming it to fit their world view. The NY Bitlicense, bullying services to conform to old world financial regulation, shutting down of international exchanges and services outside the US jurisdiction, and mass of US companies that have attempted consensus changes is all evidence of their war against bitcoin. The US is the enemy of Bitcoin and an etf would be just another means for them to extend their regulatory grasp into our space.
@_date: 2017-08-12 01:13:44
Coinbase and the way they do business represents the antithesis to  what the decentralized crypto ecosystem should function as far as many are concerned. Profitable business? Yes. But the more significant their influence in the ecosystem the more people like myself aren't going to like it.
You shouldn't "feel safe" letting anyone hold your crypto, and the fact that so many people want exactly that is cringe worthy. The only reason those people are invested in bitcoin is they think it will make them rich. I personally hold them in esteem just above investors in ponzi schemes.
@_date: 2019-03-11 15:59:58
I'm sure we would see more nodes with more incentives to run one, but we would also see even higher onchain fees. Do we "need" those economic incentives? I say no. I say we need people to understand the existing incentives because the reality is most Bitcoin users have no idea who they are trusting and the possible consequences of that trust.
@_date: 2019-11-04 21:02:32
You can see it even in this thread. People genuinely believe that some minority of coin holders withdrawing from some exchanges equates to exchanges being full reserve. For some this event (which they see is labeled "mandatory") is how they are being taught to trust no one - as opposed to the actual steps necessary to reduce trust in this environment. They pop their coins out Jan 3rd and back in Jan 4th.
Another issue with hijacking this pirate ship and turning it around is part of the appeal of this campaign is it tells users holding on exchanges there is nothing wrong with what they are doing, just make this minor adjustment one day a year and you get to keep doing what is convenient and easy while pretending you're part of this revolution in trust. The reality is trusting yourself is neither convenient or easy, especially if you want your coins to be liquid. The awareness campaign I think this event should be is a much tougher sell than "proof of keys" is.
@_date: 2019-11-11 03:06:47
It should be obvious, yet here we are discussing the merit or lack there-of of defining bitcoin price in terms of "real supporters" and discarding price history that falls outside a given range deemed non-hysterical.
@_date: 2018-10-18 20:33:40
I regret that I only have one downvote to give. Learning economics in "easy to understand terms" should strongly imply to you that you aren't learning economics. I think even foundational Austrian economists like Hayek and Mises who believe free markets are the best mechanism of resource allocation would strong disagree that "socialism is death", they believe it was a road to serfdom if anything not death. I wonder if they would cringe at the way their views have been twisted by a modern culture that can't even bother to read their publications.
In a lot of ways Bitcoin and cryptocurrency address some of Hayek's concerns about socialism, such as that it is only possibly maintained by a central authority of some kind. We now live in a world where social and financial rules can be codified and run on free market financial incentives, which eliminate the previously necessary central authority Hayek describes.
More and more Bitcoin is becoming a platform for those with extreme ideas and very little rationality. Socialism is pervasive and the modern international norm. Can you even imagine a true laissez faire economy with no regulations or permitting or anything at all? 12 year olds working dangerous jobs with no safety equipment and no unions to protect them, getting paid in company script spendable at the company store.
If someone thinks socialism is death they clearly live in a very small cultural bubble driven by propaganda which defines the majority of the worlds population as zombies.
@_date: 2018-10-02 06:38:49
Welcome to the show.
@_date: 2018-10-16 14:31:15
What at all is unreasonable about spending the time necessary to understand an entirely new and revolutionary model of trust before dumping money into it. Do you hear what you are saying? That people should be investing in things they don't understand?
Bitcoin is being your own bank. That doesn't mean keeping your savings at home or in your memory, banks don't keep their customers savings on hand and accessible. Some minor amount, sure, but tiered accessibility and access control procedures are the staple of any bank and if you are securing a significant amount they should be yours too.
I do absolutely understand why being your own bank isn't for everyone, and those people should at this exact moment not be in Bitcoin. They should wait until sole custody services are replaced by things like group custody services or shared custody services. This is what for example liquid does. In this way the user need not be their own bank but still engages in a security model superior to sole custody and lending itself to the security attributes of the underlying asset. It isn't trustless but it is less trusting.
That's what this revolution in trust is about, replacing old trust models with new superior ones. Instead to replace new superior trust models with old inferior ones for the benefit of engaging customers who don't know what they are investing in seems egregiously dishonest and self serving on the part of service providers.
@_date: 2017-01-25 16:37:00
This was very accurately written, well done Lionel Laurent.
@_date: 2019-03-07 04:59:15
When you use a hardware wallet you are trusting the vendor who provides the firmware you run. You ensure it's the vendor you are trusting as best as possible by using tls connections, downloading directly from the vendor, and verifying hashes of downloads before installing. In instances of open source firmware you may also protect yourself by auditing and reviewing public audits of the source.
@_date: 2018-10-15 19:54:07
Hand holding would be guiding users through how to use bitcoins unique security model.
Financial institutions will continue to do everything in their power to kill bitcoins revolution of trust because they are the agents of trust, they are attempting to make bitcoin serve the exact same system it seeks to supplant.
Grandma shouldn't be involved in things she doesn't understand, like nigerian princes with financial trouble or bitcoin financial vehicles brought to you by fidelity.
@_date: 2018-10-18 23:16:07
So mistakes don't happen at private companies, private companies are an equally efficient resource allocation and welfare allocation mechanism, and governments suffer no losses. I wish you could read what you are saying and appreciate the comedy of it.
These insane arbitrary percents you are using to describe degrees of socialism would be laughed at in a public highschool. Maybe not an American one. Turns out reading "Austrian economics for dummies" doesn't actually prepare you for a nuanced discussion about economics after all.
@_date: 2018-10-30 03:03:44
All of these assets are illiquid, there is no market deep enough to enable him to sell them. It's not as if he hasn't lost until he sells, it's that selling isn't even an option because there isn't the requisite volume of buyers at any price.
@_date: 2019-11-29 18:06:44
More user accounts money automatically stolen from them, more sophisticated  attempts to destroy pseudonymous properties of bitcoin and fungibility. Yet still people defend and use this company.
@_date: 2018-10-19 01:56:02
That's some pretty slow release potassium cyanide those socialists of the world are using. When is it you figure the Norwegian sovereign wealth fund is going to dry up? Only seems to have grown since the first fund in 1967.
Government intervention and free market economics don't exist in vacuums. You can apply free market economics to socialist policies as is done with the example above - and in fact most successful examples of socialism. Which is why again, the majority of the world chooses governments that intervene on their behalf in a large number of matters.
@_date: 2018-10-20 18:48:53
Do you not understand why any independence movement in history has existed? Governments can be abusive, they can be unfair in their laws or taxation, and they can be dominated by foreign interest.
As far as your understanding of governance is concerned why have elections at all throughout history?
@_date: 2018-10-05 18:25:52
You don't even realize how culture specific that mentality is, let alone the fact that function dictates units.
You expect anyone to be surprised a US based site serving US users in English uses US dollars as their denomination?  You know Chinese sites serving Chinese users use yuan not dollars, and they don't conceptualize cents. Many cultures don't conceptualize cents at all and have no problem describing the cost of a chocolate bar in large units.
You are so ethnocentric you can't see past your own culture or borders. Even if you could it wouldn't matter because again new bitcoin units emerge through function not any culture or politic.
@_date: 2018-10-02 08:43:42
I researched for 9 months before I started. I highly suggest everyone I know who is interested do the same. Even as a technical professional understanding what Bitcoin is and the entire crypto space is becomes very complicated.
Bitcoin is not an investment. It is not a currency. It is a protocol, like the internet. Bitcoin is the solution to a problem in multi-party consensus. How do you agree in a distributed system what database state is correct and everyone should use? What happens when some people disagree about the state?
Traditionally these problems have been solved by authorities and solutions like voting, but both solutions inherently cause problems. Voting can be rigged, and authorities can be corrupt. Bitcoin proposes a new solution - bribery for honest behavior.
You can use money to incentivize people to agree on a database state while competing with each other. You can make attacking the network through dishonest behavior simply less profitable than being honest. This is why Bitcoin has a currency at all. Not because it is a speculative investment vehicle, but because we need to incentivize the network actors to be honest to accomplish the protocols goal - multi-party independent agreement and immutable state. This is essentially a new kind of trust. You can trust up to the amount it would cost to attack the protocol that the database state is final.
This means a lot of things for Bitcoin and all other cryptocurrencies attempting to copy it. It means that the security of the networks aren't absolute - they are a function of money and the number of participants involved. A "blockchain" doesn't give these properties of financial security, instead they come from the cost to attack and the number of people independently running the protocol.
None of these properties seem to drive price, as this is not a popular understanding of Bitcoin or cryptocurrencies. By this understanding all altcoins should be worth very little and the ones that have value should resolve to the Bitcoin blockchain, as it is the one with a significant cost to attack and distributed network participants. That's because price isn't driven by fundamentals and the vast majority of people don't understand how a blockchain is secured. Thus price swings wildly with public perception and fervor.
If you are looking to get rich short term, this is all gambling. You might as well play roulette. If you want to be part of a revolution in the way we view trust, don't bet on Bitcoin but use it. Use it to secure some of your wealth for starters and learn what it is like to trust no one but yourself. Bitcoin is a revolution of trust.
@_date: 2018-10-16 00:38:13
How you could loop me in with that lunatic is beyond me, certainly beyond any text in this discussion. Be ashamed of yourself that your go to argument is personal attack.
No one claimed bitcoin wouldn't work the same if custodial products succed - read the text. It says the impact is on users of those products. You aren't reading anything I say, you're constructing a straw man.
Grow up and address an argument I have actually made as opposed to arguments you make up in your head. Do you deny that these custodial products are an attempt to maintain their status of agent of financial trust? Do you deny that US bitcoin companies were part of hostile consensus changes?
@_date: 2018-10-13 18:07:34
It could have been a gumball machine. Again, the currency the ATM provided has nothing to do with the claims of liability or duress. Assigning liability requires no understanding of what the word bitcoin means, just "ATM". I am willing to bet most Canadian police have limited exposure to yen, do you suspect a yen ATM would have had their cashed seized?
Lazy police work. Don't suggest there isn't evidence of such when we're staring at the evidence. If I was that ATM owner I would be livid.
@_date: 2018-10-16 00:51:17
It's a custodial service. They inherently don't get it. Users of this service will not be using Bitcoin at any level - a protocol level or a token level. They will be using fidelity coin, a financial product for gambling on an underlying asset.
Bitcoin and blockchains which resolve to its security apparatus will indeed be a revolution in the financial sector. That revolution won't be custodial, it will be removing the need to trust custodianship. Even federated security models with large group ownership are a tiny step in the right direction compared to full custodial traditional financial services. Trusting banks wholesale is the past. This product is the past.
@_date: 2018-10-19 19:40:29
Yes, that's because Socialism creates freedom in many instances such as those - not that they are more capitalistic than others. Read those very same reports and what they measure as freedom, it isn't unregulated markets.
@_date: 2019-11-29 21:34:04
The criteria of what is "suspicious" is often informed by machine learning models which have a high error rate. Every way of trying to do this has a high error rate. I say this as someone who has been part of that error rate despite doing nothing suspicious at all and having my bitcoin held hostage. My situation was only resolved because I was in a position to dispute the initial bank transfer and did, it was either give me my bitcoin or run into trouble with their bank.
@_date: 2018-10-28 00:43:58
Fiat isn't going anywhere. We will likely see a transition to fiat crypto. They will still inflate credit markets and manage economies. That is not Bitcoins job. Applying it to that end is a total misuse.
@_date: 2018-10-12 14:36:31
We are talking about an exchange where it is impossible to get fiat at the moment, which is the sole reason for the price discrepancy. The only way to exit is via crypto. The stock market has nothing to do with it.
@_date: 2019-11-02 22:22:38
Bitcoin functions regardless of what the laws in a given jurisdiction are. The bitcoin protocol is wholly outside the scope of possible enforcement for any individual state or nation.
@_date: 2018-10-25 16:39:22
Men are more likely to make risky investments, have more available capital from generations of wage inequality,  and dominate the tech industry. 
It's more a symptom of a societal problem than itself a problem, though the more successful Bitcoin is as an investment the more it will contribute further to wealth inequality between the genders.
That said, I suspect many of these men have women in their lives with shared financial situations. There may be a significant population of women who will see the wealth of bitcoin without ever engaging with it themselves. It's hard to say.
@_date: 2018-10-05 04:35:47
It's a false dichotomy. The only options are not bits or satoshi, and the only currency in the world isn't dollars.
I think posts like this are very misguided and backwards thinking, trying to think of Bitcoin in dollar terms and imposing arbitrary nomenclature. One bitcoin is one bitcoin. One satoshi is one satoshi. We create new units, like millisatoshi, out of necessity of function not whim or a given price point in a specific fiat currency.
@_date: 2018-10-28 18:08:42
He is saying you have had a lot of time to make this switch, have yourself made a clearly premature announcement about features you know can't be responsibly developed in the time you have given yourselves. Your response is "if you are so good, why don't you apply" ?
Unless the position is as a project manager who can better prioritize technology adoption and not permit the releasing of unachievable public statements I don't see how applying will solve the issues being commented on.
@_date: 2019-03-31 14:18:30
Pruned nodes don't have identical security and privacy benefits of full nodes. You wouldn't for example want to run a lightning node on a pruned node, it wouldn't be safe. The same is true for many other business cases as well as the health of the network. Believing pruned nodes and full nodes are equal is the exact fallacy that has got Eth in so much trouble with now only a small handful of full nodes.
@_date: 2018-10-06 08:11:17
This is right. The only exceptions are very early P2PK that predate P2PKH. If any coins are still sitting in those addresses (some are, mostly seemingly abandoned mining rewards from early days) they may become vulnerable if ECDSA breaks.
@_date: 2018-10-19 19:37:27
That you don't see through your own illustrations what is wrong with your proposed civil suit system is painful. NO ONE WILL RECOGNIZE JUDGMENTS.
@_date: 2018-10-19 23:11:08
I've engaged you plenty. It seems the insults are the only language you are even able to converse in. You throw around ridiculous terms like NPC and proclaim that a given economic perspective is death, I note your total inability to engage in critical thinking or observe the world around you.
@_date: 2018-10-08 18:51:39
First, most of those are bitcoin businesses like exchanges. They could represent many customers each.
Second, 90% of bitcoin could be in one address and it could still be decentralized because decentralization comes from the network participants not coin distribution. Decentralization is about not having to trust anyone, not the price or distribution of bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-10-03 08:11:31
I'm stoked for Schnorr and sighash_noinput, dandelion is something I have been meaning to read up on and looks exciting too.
@_date: 2018-10-20 19:28:08
They impacted the citizenry, better is subjective. No one is saying better,, you denied that governmental change impacts citizens.
You seem to think Catalonia should have adopted an autonomous government without actually having a vote on the matter or dealing with the very real invading force looking to maintain the existing government.
It isn't hard to tell you are an ideologue from this breif conversation. You aren't interested in what can be done in the actual world we live in, you are far more interested in rejecting government blindly.
@_date: 2018-10-10 16:44:12
Eh. I had higher hopes that this would be permissively licensed open source and not federated but it's still a tool with a purpose. Pretty much federated ripple on top of bitcoin. There's clearly some demand for a product like that, but I was really hoping for trustless and open source sidechains.
@_date: 2018-10-24 00:53:46
The post has nothing to do with socialism other than a misuse of the term universal basic income. What makes a person a right wing nutjob in this instance is as I already noted simply reading the phrase UBI and ignoring the context and entirely irrelevant usage to instead rant and rave about socialism. The ranting and raving is itself pretty poorly supported, but the fact that it's even happening here is the nutjob part.
@_date: 2018-10-04 06:03:50
Are you going to cite something he says you think is intellectual buffoonery or are you going to just categorically dismiss him repeatedly? He has a critsism for you:


@_date: 2018-10-24 14:48:13
Good luck with your reading comprehension.
@_date: 2017-03-01 04:01:21
I see more or less the same things you do. We do have some differing opinions, one is that you're willing to reach for a few conclusions I'm not; like every brief voting abnormality you see is manipulation. You've presented some compelling data regarding voter manipulation previously, and while you may be right that it is occurring here until you're able to demonstrate it with the same effectiveness as your previous study I think drawing conclusions is premature. It is IMO confirmation bias. You've seen the behavior of an organization against your interests and now you're at risk of seeing it everywhere you look.
It's the same with rbtc. They've seen censorship they don't understand or agree with and now they see it everywhere they look. They also see their posts getting downvoted and assume manipulation immediately. Everyone who espouses an opinion which may support the "blockstream censors" (like nullc, myself, anyone) is summarily downvoted and if they aren't it must have been some manipulation. That kind of paranoia is toxic to any kind of fact based discussion, even in a world where moderators are hatching grand schemes to get their political opponents banned from reddit.
@_date: 2018-10-19 01:37:10
Genuinely dogmatic garbage. You're trying to tell me that politics and economics are hard sciences with mathematical proofs. There is no proof of anything, let alone a reasonable conjecture, in any of these responses. I don't think you know what a proof is.
@_date: 2018-10-13 18:51:32
Easy to predict a disagreement when you won't address anything said and just keep asserting your disagreement regardless. How many times now have you said that this is a precedent setting case despite the fact that ransomware has resulted in enormous sums going through BTC ATMs in Canada under duress? Will you ever provide a rational for the police seizing these funds that relies on an understanding of Bitcoin?
It's not an argument, it's you thinking opinions are arguments.
@_date: 2018-10-19 15:18:29
If capitalism results in the disparity of wealth as it often does when unchecked it can deny entire generations of poor property rights. Can't own what you will never be able to afford despite a lifetime of labor.
@_date: 2018-10-13 17:49:24
One has no blockchain (off chain lightning), the other has its own blockchain (sidechain liquid).
One is free to participate in at any level today (lightning), the other has yet to release a FOSS implementation and selects institutional participants privately (liquid)
One has a p2p decentralized security model relying on the security of bitcoin (lightning), the other has a security model that relies not only on the security of bitcoin but also the security of a small federation of companies (liquid).
One is for p2p infinite scale transactions of any size (lightning), the other is for allowing custodial exchanges to share custody and increase group liquidity (liquid).
Different tools with different jobs.
@_date: 2018-10-23 01:04:38
Informational BIPs like 310 are pretty inconsequential  - basically specifying a best practise to accomplish a task to enable interoperability between services, wallets, etc.
To be incompatible means users of your service can't use other services. If you roll your own deterministic wallet solution it won't be compatible with BIP32 and the rest of the wallets in the community for example. In this case miners using Bitmains self defined method of extending stratum and handling version rolling instead of BIP310 which specifies a proposal for that extension cannot use any services other than Bitmains.
As far as I know there have been no proposed revisions to BIP310, no criticism from Bitmain. I suspect their code simply predates the BIP and they only released it now to address the new threat of Braiins OS, but that's purely speculation. Could be it is also intentional to force miners to their pools. Who could say.
@_date: 2018-10-15 14:35:45


The answer is strictly no. If a company did that it would be fraud. They cannot dump their users positions. 
If you dump with their permission then you aren't dumping, your clients are and you are just doing your job facilitating their trades. That's not illegal, that's the job.
@_date: 2017-08-20 18:31:13
I feel like the only people who aren't happy with a stable 4k+ bitcoin are degenerate gamblers.
@_date: 2018-10-24 06:32:12
It's not even the topic of discussion,  you saw a misused phrase and were so triggered that now you won't stop talking about bullshit that has nothing to do with this post.
@_date: 2017-08-14 16:40:52
Hasn't been right about bitcoin before, won't be right now. I'm convinced these people are blindly putting pen to paper simply because it is their job, not because they possess any significant insight.
It must be very threatening to be trying your best at a job you've typically done well only to find you have no idea how to continue doing your job well as the world is changing around you.
@_date: 2018-10-28 01:20:34
The majority of us have been deep in the red at one time or another. Those of us who stuck it out and didn't invest more than we could afford to lose are ready to ride out the cycle again. We've seen several drops of over 75% from the previous ATH before. That's pretty close to where we are now, ~$5000. Sometimes the drops go as low as 90%. When you bought into bitcoin this is the roller coaster you signed up for.
This is why I don't like to daytrade anymore, it's too unpredictable out there to be gambling on what the price will be tomorrow or even next year. It's a much better gamble to be betting whether bitcoin will be worth something or nothing 5 years from now, 10. That's a gamble with a much better risk profile than the short term gambling IMO. Research and being informed can actually influence your risk over those scales, so can individual work and effort. The impact some key members of this community have had in bringing Bitcoin to its current state can't be understated, and anyone can involve themselves.
I know of no other gamble which will enable that level of participation, and I know of no other financial vehicle that gives anyone a power previously exclusive to nations and states. Financial sovereignty is beautiful.
@_date: 2018-10-27 17:06:38
It's so accurate to many peoples expectations when they approach their "crypto friend". After millennia developing cultures based on trust it's so hard for people to think any differently.
@_date: 2018-10-12 20:57:36
People can't escape bitfinex without paying an enormous premium. I think if anyone is doing what you describe it is insanely stupid. I have difficulty believing any rational actor would eat those loses on two trades and then wait a week to enter a market that may have recovered by the time they even are able to make an attempt.
To describe this mechanism as the reason for any movement seems further madness. Surely there are people running from the stock market and into safe haven assets like Bitcoin in some measure, to have your theory dwarfing all other factors impacting price is totally unreasonable.
No, what is clearly happening is people are escaping bitfinex due to the obvious uncertainty of their banking relationship, causing a price premium. Describing further motivation beyond that is baseless. USDT is not moving because of demand for stocks, I can't describe how asinine that idea is ignoring so many more significant motivators for user action.
@_date: 2018-10-19 18:51:14


It's not impossible, you simply look at the potential consequences of a given policy action.


What stops them? The number of times this happens even today is unbelievable. people engage in fraud after fraud after fraud in city after city until they get caught.
I'll be honest, this conversation has left the realm of sanity. The conclusions you are making are entirely unfounded and you're ignoring the obvious and recited consequences of the policies you are advocating for with statements like "it's impossible to predict". It's not. Unfortunately you can't have a rational conversation with someone committed to their philosophy as an extension of their self.
This was at one point a conversation about economic policy, it has devolved into a conversation of philosophic delusion. You can pretty easily define that point as the one where civil claims are settled by robbery that you do not qualify as theft (though taxes are) and somehow think if it was occurring to a person like you wouldn't involve the person being robbed shooting their home invader.
@_date: 2018-10-04 17:09:19
My left nut if a single person who was involved in this analysis understands a blockchains limited role in the decentralized security model.
@_date: 2018-10-24 00:57:32
The argument that this post has nothing to do with socialism or UBI and it is obviously a misuse of the term. Anyone responding as passionately and without thought as say you are 
 espousing right wing economic dogma has necessarily reacted strictly to a single term used inappropriately. What is your problem with that line of logic?
YOU stay on topic, not invent one out of thin air. The topic is Lukejr and developers as a whole funding their development. You not getting that is exactly the nutjob shit I am talking about.
@_date: 2016-06-27 16:01:36
Absolutely, funds are attacked on phone wallets all the time. While malware may be more prevalent on PCs, short of an air gap phones are much more difficult to truly lock down. If you air gap your devices and sign your transactions offline however, you're golden.
@_date: 2018-10-10 17:36:21
I work for a startup that would love to be investigating these tool sets right now - is there a full node software we could be playing around with? A smartphone full node is less than ideal for business uses. Does it cost any kind of licensing fee for businesses to use LBTC?
@_date: 2018-10-22 15:36:41
Mining is an electrically expensive process usually requiring specialized hardware. You would lose money attempting to mine with a phone.
@_date: 2018-10-14 15:50:05
The regulators exist to stop the exact kind of abuses you describe, i.e. not running off with their customers money, not closing their positions unilaterally. More than regulation stopping this behaviour, profit incentive stops it. Can the owner of a centralized company, any centralized company, run off with their customers assets or sell them against their customers will? Yes, but that's theft and not exactly an easy theft to get away with. Better to just keep making money hand over fist on trading and fund fees.
@_date: 2017-01-09 17:15:37
If they were going to drop bitcoin regardless it's an inevitable hit to the bitcoin demographic that was following them. They could have at least made more money and snagged more users first. Instead they are blundering through business models looking for something to stick.
@_date: 2017-01-21 17:39:42
1) I don't think people are reacting very negatively to you at all.
2) When people do react negatively it's not because being a reactionary is the best way to convince someone you are right, it's because people are sick of bitcoin politics being more influential in the technical development of bitcoin than sound engineering.
I'm personally increasingly of the opinion that those who believe bitcoin is democratic or wish it to be are gravely mistaken. I think catering to users and businesses is a great business strategy and I get why businesses and users want that and feel like they need a powerful voice to make it a reality. As both a business owner trying to work something around bitcoin and a casual user myself I totally understand that impulse, but that's not how you engineer a product. I don't want businessmen and casual users navigating technical limitations or disregarding solutions to real problems because they were personally slighted (Roger Ver, Chinese Miners), I want evidence based and technically informed thought to guide bitcoin, and the misinformed population is the primary force keeping that from being a reality.
After over a year of education campaigning we still have 54% that are misinformed. You'll have to forgive those of us whose patience has thinned over those years; who are done educating and prepared to start shaming.
@_date: 2018-10-11 17:44:15
And yet an enormous population of technical illiterates still buy and use it. Comparing liquid to ripple is to say "this does the same thing but better in every way". You don't think that's a fair way to describe liquid to the people gobbling up centralized scamcoins doing the same job as liquid?
@_date: 2018-10-29 02:00:33
No, it is divisible to 8 decimal places and even further on other layers like lightning which adopt millisatoshi. There is never an issue of not enough of it - the banks just don't like the idea of inflating the value when they aren't the principle holders of it.
@_date: 2018-10-10 18:07:46
It's absolutely very different from ripple, but ripples goal as far as I understand it is to increase liquidity and reduce settlement times between financial institutions. That seems very similar to liquids foremost use case.
The description of a federated ripple on top of bitcoin seems to me to be as broadly fair as any 5 word description can be. It's secured by a federation as opposed to a centralization and runs on pegged units of bitcoin.
Other than that it's a broader platform than ripple as it enables the issuance of assets and as you note has an immutable block structure and consensus rule set. It also includes confidential transactions via zero knowledge proofs.
It's not a perfect comparison but what 5 word description is? "Federated ripple on top of bitcoin" seems to be what it does, give or take some caveats.
@_date: 2018-10-27 18:25:57
I made a mistake as well in trying to figure out what you were saying when it can be assumed it was meant for another post. Mistakes all around.
@_date: 2018-10-13 18:19:15
Courts are not police work, police work is the decision and action to seize the money. Lazy police work is to not do their job properly and leave it to the courts at great expense to all involved - effectively creating more victims by victimizing the ATM owner as well as the additional costs on the original victim.
Your mom or the polices understanding of yen or bitcoin is irrelevant, as I have repeated in every comment and you continue to ignore. The only relevant understanding is "ATM". A financial intermediary providing a service.
@_date: 2019-11-04 19:35:10
Never been a fan of these "proof of keys" events. Unless a significant percentage of custodial volume moves it is pointless, and it never has. It is a false sense of security for people who choose to hold on exchanges and undermines efforts to get people off exchanges every day of the year. I would be happy to see this event go the way of the dodo in favour of an awareness campaign to get people not to hold on exchanges at all and to use tools like leverage and hedging to keep as many of their coins in their own security as is possible.
@_date: 2018-10-23 18:18:22
Thank satoshi Bitcoin doesn't require me to like or trust the members of this community. The level of dogmatic garbage spouted by right wing nut jobs in threads like this is disturbing. Just the mere mention of an inapplicable concept like UBI and they lose their collective minds ignoring every other word in the post. We will know Bitcoin has finally hit the main stream when these voices are replaced by more diverse ones.
Regarding the actual topic at hand, any company relying on Core or Knots would be brilliant to hire Luke. Good luck in your continued search.
@_date: 2018-10-10 11:19:16
Also with over 500 open issues there is a never ending amount of work that needs doing.
@_date: 2018-10-13 18:27:09
What it sounds like to me is that because the word bitcoin is in the service no matter how unrelated to the claims, you dismiss all responsibility of the police in doing their job as they otherwise would.
If that's how you feel then we absolutely will never agree.
@_date: 2018-10-23 19:03:35
Yes, exactly this kind of stupid shit. The kind of stupid shit that betrays a total lack of thought and instead an abundance of misplaced passion and general incomprehension. Thank you for the example.
@_date: 2018-10-05 03:27:41
So "categorically dismiss him repeatedly" it is.
You're closed minded and wrong.
@_date: 2018-10-19 19:09:39
What if it wasn't stolen property, what if a companies actions have given you cancer and you somehow magically won your civil suit against them. You walk up to their headquarters guarded by a gate and security - what now? You hire a private police force? They have more money than you, what stops them from hiring a private police force?
The system you describe results in money creating freedom. If you don't have money you have no freedom. No freedom to sue, no freedom for compensation, no freedom to your own health.
That you can't acknowledge any of these glaring flaws or even argue against them in any meaningful way should make you examine what you believe - but it won't.
@_date: 2018-10-16 02:21:12
I'm calling you a lair and a dishonest debater, that's what you call playing coy?
A custodian uses bitcoin by running a node and interacting with tokens and wallets. People who use a custodian are using custodians, not bitcoin. I'm not sure why you are unable to make the distinction that people using custodians are not using bitcoin, they are using a custodian who is using bitcoin. They don't run nodes, they don't have wallets, they don't use bitcoin in any way shape or form. They delegate that responsibility to intermediaries.
I'm not playing any kind of troll or showing undue concern, I am illustrating the strategy of financial agents of trust to keep that trust - acting as custodians.
You make me so sad for people as a whole. Who told you that personal insult and painting people you disagree with your absurd assumptions is the way to argue with anyone? Have you ever heard of charitable interpretation? Try it sometime. Assume the people you are talking to aren't raving dumbasses and try to figure out what they are saying as opposed to assuming they are saying the thing that paints you in the most correct light and them in the most absurd. You haven't once addressed anything I've said in this conversation, you've instead put words in my mouth that were never there based on the least charitable interpretation possible.
It's immature. I'm ashamed to call you my peer in advocating for bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-01-16 02:54:46
The fact that you believe decentralization even existed in computer science terms previous to PoW, let alone in your mind the only thing keeping it from existing in the IP protocol is 2nd layer solutions, is really my case in point. You don't have a clear idea at all what decentralization is despite having read the literal definition. That definition by the way isn't talking about what we're talking about when we say a decentralized protocol in the context of bitcoin, the definition you are citing is ambiguous and widely applied. The definition you link is not a state, but a process.
@_date: 2018-10-19 02:14:17
So you do not believe Norway is an example of modern socialism with their robust social programs, government owned industry and intervention, and relatively high tax rate?
Socialism nor capitalism is binary, as I have repeatedly noted they coexist. If you aren't willing to admit that is what modern socialism is then this is an entirely semantic argument where you don't seem to agree with the broadly accepted different kinds of socialism and socialist intervention.
@_date: 2016-06-27 16:47:15
Have I heard any anecdote of phones hacked to a point of complete compromise? You bet. Check out defcon next year and you too will have your phone hacked by automatically connecting to a fake tower, or an exploit driving hotspot. The reason a phone is less safe is the attack surface is much greater than a traditional pc and most phone owners rely on their carriers for security and 0-day defense.
@_date: 2018-10-06 17:28:04
This conversation is surreal. A random American so in love with his country he wants me to thank him for making Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-10-02 07:09:02
Do not use an online wallet. Not your keys, not your coins.
@_date: 2018-10-19 04:11:54
That's exactly what I said. What you don't understand is it makes no sense to link politician pay toperformance of companies they don't run.
Like I said before, it is beyond me how you aren't embarrassed by the content you have contributed to this discussion.
@_date: 2018-10-19 18:25:32
There is a lot here and it is deserving of a response, as reluctant as I am to address some of the fundamental misconceptions you have built this tower of assumptions on.
The first of those assumptions is that taxes and thus government have no role in society. This seems a little insane to me to have to justify further than the many illustrations I have made of responsible government intervention expanding freedom.
You seem to take exception with those examples like education and healthcare and protection from abusive peers as having alternative solutions in private remediation. I agree, there are alternative solutions and you list a few like private litigation - but they are horrible solutions that do not preserve freedom at all.
For one, who pays for private litigation without taxes? Who pays judges and court reporters a salary? Are there "public" prosecutors? Who makes laws and pays for their enforcement?
Even in your ideal world where we ignore the substance of that failing - civil suits cost money. Often - even in our more socialist and tax paying societies - civil suits enable individuals and groups with wealth to avoid any kind of consequence as those they are infringing on the liberty of have no resources with which to maintain a civil claim. For these reasons the idea that all disputes should be civil with no taxes is inherently a more coercive system than a system of government intervention. Big money gets to pressure those without into their will. That's not freedom, that's just another kind of serfdom. Even if you could hold a company accountable for the health consequences of say toxic waste dumping via civil suit, they just close the company as unprofitable and move on. There is no public protection or consequence stopping bad actors from continuing under any scenario that plays out because there is no entity holding them accountable. You know what does hold them accountable? The same regulations you deride.
More than that, ignoring ALL of those crippling issues, who enforces the civil suits? How is that not theft by your same definition covering taxes if the police come and evict you from your house to pay a settlement?  Who is paying the police to do that job in the first place?
The argument that taxes and government aren't necessary is absurd on its face, requiring a very superficial examination of economics and consequence.
@_date: 2017-01-15 17:10:07
If these services were served in client side JS over the browser they would not only introduce trust issues, but it would use much more of your bandwidth as it checks your caches at the very least if not redownloading assets with page loads.
Consumers aren't wrong for wanting convenience, speed, efficiency of resource usage. It's just unfortunate that the properties of decentralization are often at direct odds with these consumer desires. When push comes to shove, err has to be on the side of decentralization not convenience.
This philosophy has created a pretty significant schism in the BTC community. There are some who don't believe a choice needs to be made between consumer friendly and decentralization at all, or that some risks to decentralization are worth benefits to business and consumers.
@_date: 2018-10-13 17:23:22
There shouldn't have been any seizure by the police once they identified the party in question wasn't the one scamming her, and the woman should have made a civil claim for the money under the grounds she was under duress which she should have lost as she did here. The fact that the funds were seized at all is insane and betrays some very lazy police work.
Is all I have to do to get the police to seize someone elses money is claim it is mine and I made the transaction under duress?
@_date: 2018-10-19 02:29:24
Hey hey! Now we are talking! Maybe by some definitions socialism is the death of the individual if you believe the individual is uncompromising personal freedom. I could argue capitalism often ends with the death of individuality as well - if you are poor and an unprotected class.
I believe socialism is the balancing of individual rights against the whole, not a wholesale loss of individual rights to the whole. That's straight up communism which while a pretty enjoyable argument is tangent to the one we are having, which is about socialism.
@_date: 2019-11-04 20:45:37
Like I said, I'd be happy if this one day event changed its message and function away from the misguided "proof of keys" which is IMO not only pointless but harmful (by bestowing false confidence to exchange holders 364 days a year and thinking they have "proven" their exchange isn't a fractional reserve) and instead towards something constructive.
An example could be a campaign to get exchanges to prove their bitcoin holdings via proof of [reserves tools]( Another would be a single day push to get awareness out about counter party risk and how to secure your own coins. I think people like to pretend this proof of keys campaign is the latter, but it isn't even close.
I campaigned against it last year, I'll campaign against it this year. Proof of keys is a mistake and IMO no one should participate in or promote it. Lets instead promote people getting their coins off exchanges for good and teaching traders how to use the tools available to them to reduce counter party risk.
@_date: 2017-01-20 06:16:08
Unfortunately Quadrigacx is somewhat lacking in support and their management have quite the ego. I've had similar problems with them. Just read their response below, it oozes the kind of arrogance you often see with entitled small business owners. Their small band of employees brigade any mention of them on reddit too, I don't know if it's organized or intentional but their defensive comments do nothing to improve their image. If they ever operate at a larger scale they will be a walking PR disaster.
@_date: 2018-10-30 03:10:51
Miners don't have to hold their earnings, let alone buy more on the market. He made some very dumb executive decisions, the market didn't ruin him he ruined himself.
@_date: 2018-10-30 04:03:19
You should know bitcoin is transparent and trackable. Unless you are using privacy enhancing techniques it is not a good medium for privacy.
You are running a lot of risks in an environment it doesn't sound like you have the expertise to stay anonymous in. If you aren't able to find low volume no-id purchasing options and don't know how to safely use tor or exchange your btc anonymously to a privacy coin or engage in coinjoin tumbling or have a safe way of taking delivery of illicit goods - you might have a bad time.
Acid is great and all, but maybe double check that the risk of this specific method of acquisition is worth the reward to you.
@_date: 2018-10-12 14:26:48
"This service is so in-demand that they are a joke"
That's essentially what you are saying. I feel like you haven't been around long, this is a fundamental problem on every exchange during periods of high volume. A couple years ago it was the case that when major movements would occur most exchanges would be suffering DDoS and more requests than they could handle. It's the nature of settlement systems, centralized and decentralized. When demand exceeds available resources users cry. This is part of the inherent risk of using any of these platforms with an orderbook. Somewhere a computer has to manage that orderbook and it can only facilitate a finite amount of orders per second.
End users are terrible at gauging risk, they just want the thing to work for them all the time. Nothing is so simple.
@_date: 2016-06-08 18:31:35
It's a user/management problem, not IT. I'm as sure as sure can be that IT blocks suspicious email attachments, and I'm equally sure that 99% of employees don't have admin access to hundreds of OS on the network. Situations like this arise because management thinks they are exempt from IT policies and create means to circumvent them.
@_date: 2018-10-12 17:20:03
You would have to show me some data to convince me of that. It seems to me periods of horizontal action followed by sharp swings have happened very frequently, over the span of single orders even. I would argue that as the markets have gained depth the instance of these has actually reduced as a single order is less able to cause "sporadic vertical jumps up and down" and the wealth needed to cause such a movement has amplified many fold.
@_date: 2019-11-29 18:13:12
we've got a stickied black Friday thread with these deals and more: 
@_date: 2018-10-20 19:58:48
You don't seem to know much about any independence movement let alone the subject at hand of the Catalonian movement, in which an election was attempted and then outlawed and militarily suppressed.
You further don't know a thing about what I believe. My criticisms of the gaping holes in your beliefs are not a projection of my own beliefs but a failure in your observations.


And I wrote that there a million differences beyond being "ruled" or not.
This is an entirely pointless conversation, you have no idea what you are talking about.
@_date: 2018-10-05 16:36:08
The way the community came together to eat the wall was amazing. So much panic, so much fud, so much community rallying.
@_date: 2018-10-20 21:18:54
I don't loath the opinion autonomous governance is the future, I loath your misunderstanding of the present and the intermediary states.


You just described a nash equilibrium.
The part where we disagree is where you think the people of Catalan or any previous independence movement have been wasting their time, or could have been better served by introducing blockchain governance into their plans, or most specifically that government is inherently bad - that the only states of relevance are ruled versus anarchy. It's a grossly simplistic view of reality.
@_date: 2017-01-21 18:09:13
That's pretty much the definition of a semantic argument, why is it important in the slightest? The amount of block space available for use pre-segwit and post-segwit by segwit nodes are the only numbers that matter. Why are so many people like yourself caught up in this semantic argument instead of discussing the technical merit of the proposed change? If anything what is dishonest is ignoring the technical argument entirely in favor of "but that's not REALLY a blocksize increase by this one definition I am creating and confusing terms is bad marketing"
@_date: 2018-10-19 17:48:56
I'm not sure what banned subreddit you crawled out of, but I wish you could go back. I hope someday you snap out of this state and look back at yourself with disgust.
@_date: 2018-10-15 15:56:50
No, that falls under the aforementioned category of fraud. It is not their job to speculate with their users capital and would result in all their users suing and SEC action.
A million things concern me about an ETF, none of which are the things concerning you.
@_date: 2017-01-21 17:11:31
So you managed to ignore several well sourced comments explaining how an effective 1.7mb blocksize exists without changing the 1mb rule, but found someone else as misinformed as you are with a random unsourced commentary and suddenly your opinion is validated?
@_date: 2016-06-08 21:12:05
More like completely traceable, but pseudo-anonymous.
@_date: 2017-08-21 19:29:21
The difference between a generalization that you aren't a true Scotsman versus the notable difference in function of a full node versus any other kind of SPV like service is entirely lost on you. One is a logical fallacy, the other is an incredibly important distinction in function with enormous consequence to the network. That you can't discern the difference between these two things speaks to the argument that "you don't know Bitcoin".
@_date: 2019-11-04 08:55:45
A more properly structured chat protocol on lightning would include payment for the use of the decentralized network infrastructure relaying the messages and a dedicated messaging mechanism. How it currently exists is as hijacked invalid transactions spammed to nodes trying (and failing) to route payments. It consumes node resources for free and by mechanism of spamming invalid payments.
Standardizing a proper messaging extension to the protocol and getting wallets to adopt it is IMO years away at best. That doesn't mean these developments like a lightning chat PoC aren't exciting, but it does mean that you should appreciate how nascent lightning still is.
@_date: 2017-08-21 00:18:21
Do you think most people who just entered BTC are upset about a lack of volatility? It's not like the OPs post is specific to price going up. I associate people who can't go a week without significant volatility as gambling on that volatility. I don't think its an absurd leap.
@_date: 2018-10-12 16:05:14
They want fiat so they buy crypto at a huge premium to sell against the spread somewhere else, receiving fiat a week later and having lost money at every trade along the way? Help me out with this line of reasoning.
@_date: 2018-10-06 13:48:15
I have the utmost respect for some individuals, individuals are by definition not America, nor is a singular government guilty of these actions. You should know several American proponents have renounced citizenship. Really though the list of things you should know and don't is too long to go over, "kid".
@_date: 2018-10-13 14:04:57
The demand for crypto is the demand for an exit from uncertainty, and is a far cry from the demand for fiat you were advocating a few comments ago
@_date: 2017-08-21 19:55:09
Yes, that's right. Your seniority is your authority in this context.
@_date: 2017-08-22 05:07:28
Proof it's not? His propaganda post here just yesterday. If r/bitcoin was the place he pretends with his demagoguery he wouldn't be able to post such things at all, nor would the brigading of such posts be allowed for any amount of time.
@_date: 2018-10-19 19:59:05
You resolved a hypothetical case where the company gave a person cancer as "wrong"? Can you even hear yourself? It's hypothetical, it can't be wrong. This hypothetical company gave this hypothetical person cancer and then had a hypothetical judgement against them. Your response as to the question of how the judgement will be enforced is that the judgement was wrong.
Again, I can't. This isn't a conversation. This is insanity.
@_date: 2018-10-14 19:30:14
But it is about tech and certain kinds of adoption, that's where its value and functions come from. That doesn't mean people should risk more than they can afford to lose.
@_date: 2017-08-18 08:15:48
Wow. Unbelievably dishonest. Lets teach these companies a thing or two about decentralization.
@_date: 2018-10-05 04:10:18


No it doesn't, it explains it all relative to a fixed price point in a distant future. There is nothing logical about structuring the way we communicate about bitcoin around a static price point we are nowhere near.
I've never been a fan of the "bit" moniker. To me a bit will always be binary. I'm even less a fan of justifications for nomenclature changes revolving around static prices or analogs to dollars.
@_date: 2017-08-26 18:36:40


This is false and based entirely on your own feelings and assumptions. Look at the volume of btc, as a percent of the total ecosystem that has been lost to exchange failures or theft. You are arguing personal loss eclipses that. You're obviously wrong.
Moving assets is easy. 1st transaction moves btc to a new secure wallet. 2nd transaction sends bcc to exchange. Couldn't be fucking simpler.
The only way you're going to reveal your private key is if you have no idea what you are doing. Sign your transactions offline you moron.
Edit: 
850k coins lost to mtgox
119,756 coins lost to finex
3.7k lost to mintpal
13k lost to cryptsy
7170 lost to bter
many more
You're making the argument that over a million bitcoins have been unintentionally lost in the exchange era to failed personal security (which began with mtgox). It's absurd on its face.
@_date: 2018-10-04 03:28:44
I'm a big Wolff fan and am excited to see him here. Not a lot of left leaning economic discussion happens here because sometimes the libertarian right forgets that the far left dislikes the corrupt status quo as much as they do.
@_date: 2016-06-09 01:58:58
I work in the bitcoin space, I don't think I need an explanation unless you're aware of some new development which isn't discussed on github, the mailing list, or in the irc chats in which case I'd love to hear about these anonymity features. You can mix your coins, which isn't untraceable no matter how much coinjoin insists it is, or you can transfer to a cryptocurrency that uses ring signatures for true anonymity. Moving to a ring signature based crypto is the only way to be actually untraceable, everything transferred in bitcoin is done in the clear.
Suggesting it's "rather easy to make bitcoin untraceable" is flat out wrong. Making strictly bitcoin untraceable is damn difficult, if not impossible against a motivated actor with resources.
@_date: 2019-11-21 17:41:15
It's actually [the exact opposite]( A few months ago the head of the IRS was being questioned in congress why they don't prosecute more obvious examples of rich people evading taxes and the IRS responded they can't afford the legal battles the rich force them into or the complex auditing costs, they can only efficiently collect against those who can't defend themselves.
@_date: 2018-10-20 02:53:48
I already have. I've told you that you don't understand what a proof is, I've defended the value of socialism with many examples. I've provided both examples and conjecture supporting my positions and being critical of yours.
Your "proof" is some very unsupported conjecture about the motives of rational actors.
I again insist you don't understand what proof is.
@_date: 2017-01-22 03:18:16
I disagree about the intent and motive of your detractors. You see them as people looking to destroy bitcoin. They really aren't. Maybe some minority want to destroy bitcoin via hard fork, but the vast majority of rbtc users are good intentioned and passionate bitcoiners who have made a few gross logical errors. One of those errors in conflating the moderation of this subreddit with the bitcoin core developers. Another is confusing Blockstream developers and core developers to be synonyms.  But they really do love bitcoin. You don't spend that much energy fighting for something you don't love. Even buttcoiners love something to do what they do as much as they do. It's probably a smug sense of superiority and drama they love, but it is love.
These are users with concerns grounded in good business sense and traditional consumer facing logic. They just don't understand your concerns and unwillingness to compromise, they perceive multiple slights against them and a mass of disrespect. With a software product as complex and norm-bending as bitcoin what else would you expect? People are still people.
@_date: 2019-03-23 18:39:39
It explored the exact tradeoffs discussed in 2012 and 2013 in the Bitcoin community and rejected as dangerous and incredibly poor design. Ethereum has explored those claims empirically and now proven every one of them as accurate as they plan to *completely discard their broken chain and try again over the next decade*. Ethereum is the dangerous mess Bitcoin devs have always said it is.
Ethereum has succeeded at one thing and one thing alone, making money - primarily for their centralized owners.
@_date: 2019-03-01 15:24:00
Dissent is what Luke does when he campaigns for smaller blocks. No one reasonably thinks he is going to die on that hill and try to take the entire protocol with him, he's talking not acting and when he does act it's by providing a fully compatible alternative node software.
The NYA/BCH/S2X business was an attack because it consisted of hostile action. The business community purposefully exclude all engineering and protocol participants in consensus in favor of business community consensus, desiring to replace the existing consensus with their own. It's further an attack when they don't get their way so they try to fork off and literally take the brand of Bitcoin with them, buying every social media account and domain related to bitcoin, and then use all those resources to direct people to their 2.5% hashpower 1k nodes "real Bitcoin" when users think they are buying BTC. More than that, they also spammed the blockchain in a pattern that continued for over a year leading up to the manufactured blocksize and fee event with the goal of creating a pretense to support their position of subsidizing business activity with larger blocks. 
Dissent is conversation. An attack is action, in this case literally an attempt to manipulate and failing that destroy Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-10-18 23:26:00
If you think it is socialism and not corruption and dictatorship that is ruining your country you are mistaken. Like I mention the majority of the worlds governments support broad social policy and regulations, even nationalized companies or industries. Your experience with dictatorship and horrible conditions isn't a reflection on socialism, it's a reflection on what happens with no checks to power.
@_date: 2018-10-15 20:21:49
It's not a conspiracy, it's a direct observation of actions. They are removing the bitcoin trust model and shoehorning users into traditional trust models.
The largest US bitcoin financial institutions were leaders of past rejected consensus changes - so yes they are "attempting to make bitcoin serve the exact same system it seeks to supplant". Are you also going to deny that a traditional financial vehicle is to remove the decentralized trust model for any users and replace it with trust of financial institutions?  Consensus changes are how you make bitcoin do things, changing who controls the storage of bitcoin is how you keep your position of trust.
Grandma should engage in things she understands, which may very well include retirement vehicles.
You can keep willfully misinterpreting my comment with spatterings of personal insult, or you can substantiate your own commentary. 
@_date: 2017-08-21 21:23:14
I didn't.
@_date: 2018-10-12 22:11:41
I imagine quite a lot of us. The better question is how many of us have been keeping up with all the passed and proposed BIPs. Bitcoin isn't a whitepaper, it's an always growing and improving protocol. At this point the whitepaper does a fairly poor job of describing the specific mechanisms of the Bitcoin protocol.
Too many like to appeal to the whitepaper like some sort of bible or constitution. It's a specification for a technology that doesn't even exist as described anymore. It's a useful document with important historical significance, but so are many RFCs. They aren't for idolization.
@_date: 2018-10-20 01:31:56
The rest of the world and I would like to have a talk with you about what proven means.
@_date: 2018-10-04 05:23:40
I'm also a fan of Chomsky and Howard Zinn, though I am not sure this community would feel the same.
@_date: 2018-10-19 15:50:40
Socialism isn't based on theft, unless you view all tax as theft. Find me the version of capitalism without taxes.
Socialism is based on the measured intervention by governments to (hopefully) the benefit of their citizenry. When it isn't to the benefit of the citizenry is where we see tyranny start to show up.
I have MORE freedom from socialism than I would straight capitalism because I am protected from the actions against me by my neighbour and my employer. I as a part of the broader whole have rights that I otherwise wouldn't. The right to freedom from second hand smoke, the right to a clean living space free of industrial waste, the right to clean drinking water and no noise pollution while I sleep. I didn't have to clean my water or go to war with my neighbouring businesses to make them respect my space, government laws and intervention force them to respect my space enabling my freedom.
I have more government support to start businesses and attempt to grow myself in the local and international capitalist economy, my government pays for me to go to conferences and educate myself. Freedom to education, to healthcare, I have so many more opportunities under socialism than I ever would under anarchocapitalism to actually "pull myself up by my bootstraps", especially without fear of crippling debt and ruining my life and starving my family if I get sick.
@_date: 2018-10-28 18:53:47
You seem pretty upset and act as though these commentaries aren't fair. What is unfair about holding a company to their public statements and noting that excuses and technicalities are just those - excuses and technicalities? No one makes a public statement about internal milestones, which is what an implementation completed yesterday and untested clearly is.
If you would rather play a game of semantics about what is and isn't implemented that's fine, but your users (of which I have been one) only care about the expectations your company set. Don't get pissy with the community for holding you to your own words.
@_date: 2018-10-13 14:35:37
Prince Edward Island. A low population island province in Canada.
@_date: 2018-10-19 02:00:39
Tell that to every government deficit or surplus. You know, like the Americans are dealing with right now.
Or every government owned business that either profited so much as to be a shining example of government success or failed so badly to demand privatization.
Your inability to examine the world around you for evidence supporting or contradicting your dogma is why I say you live in a cultural bubble.
@_date: 2017-08-19 23:48:22
Same. I shorted the etf rejection and the market really woke me up, honey badger doesn't give a fuck.
@_date: 2018-10-13 18:55:53
I am being stubborn, that doesn't dismiss the validity of my argument or substantiate yours.




@_date: 2018-10-19 02:19:28
He was a leading proponent of Austrian economics, that's entirely why I used him as an example so of course he argued against socialism. Even he would have to acknowledge that a socialist policy isn't inherent death because he wasn't a closed mind dogmatic person. He held strong beliefs but acknowledged the world around him and frequently used the geopolotic examples of his day to bolster his position. It was also at a time where many socialist policies were abject failures and precursors to tyranny - much as some are today.
You don't think he could look at modern definitions of socialism in practise and thought and see from the inherent examples that they were not "death" ?
@_date: 2018-10-19 02:07:02
I believe if you take those words literally you have failed at analogies in speech. He is saying socialism is self destructive which has its own merit for debate, to take a literal interpretation is unfounded by the body of his work and debates. It is obviously also discredited by the world of evidence of socialist policy successes and norms.
@_date: 2017-08-21 05:18:41
Nothing about what BCH has done is safer or superior. They have taken a cudgel to a problem that requires a scalpel. But thank you for you very learned opinion. 
@_date: 2017-08-21 18:14:14


This is nothing more than Ver/Wu paranoia. Layers like LN have different value than on-chain transactions. They don't devalue on-chain transactions, but give viability to new kinds of transactions (like micropayments) that would never meet onchain fee requirements in the first place.
The idea that LN or segwit is going to result in onchain fees reducing so miners make no money is fucking absurd. Segwit is going to allow many solutions of all kinds of function to be built on top of btc, all paying fees - and if anything the fear should be that with potential for infinite demand growth from these new apps and users who continue to need and want on chain transactions and no plans to increase blockspace, fees could go up!
Miners crying about this are children who don't want to eat their vegetables because they think they are icky. They really have no idea whats good for them.
@_date: 2018-10-16 00:56:24
Fidelity coin is a term I came up with on the spot to describe how the users are interacting with fidelities api and Web services, never the Bitcoin protocol or token. Try to read before continuing to overreact. We both presumably want to see a successful bitcoin, there is more that unites us than divides us regardless of how rude you choose to be.
@_date: 2017-01-15 20:07:13
A "web app" still needs to be downloaded, so I'm not sure I see your point. That software is typically of a larger disk size on desktops? While true, the reasons for this are related to the functions being performed more regularly on a desktop. The amount of data transferred over bandwidth or the size on disk of an installation are dictated by the app. You'll see desktop apps that are 1-2 MB (I love you HW Monitor), you'll see mobile apps that are hundreds of MB. You'll see apps that seem small at first but then gorge themselves on your bandwidth, you'll see apps that take forever to download and install but then barely touch your network connection at all.
Platform is entirely secondary to efficiency of design when we're talking about "how well does this work on a limited network connection or with restricted bandwidth or with a small fixed disk size".
@_date: 2018-10-19 19:03:00
I never claimed clairvoyance, I claimed it is simple to model basic outcomes of your proposals and then illustrated several.
Fraud is an income source, they don't need to run out of money.
There seems to be a fundamental detachment between your ability to associate action and consequence. Commit fraud -&gt; get money. No taxes -&gt; no police. This coupled with incoherent cognitive dissonance such as taxes equating to theft but break and enter home burglary isn't theft paints a picture of an unreasonable person who isn't having a debate, but espousing strongly held philosophy unsupported by basic facts or holding to the most shallow of critical thinking.
@_date: 2019-11-29 05:34:13
Please post links directly not as self posts.
@_date: 2018-10-06 07:31:12
I am about to give some btc as a wedding present. It was discussed at length before the wedding including a lot of educating when it became clear this was something they were interested in. They were asking their guests in general for cash donations and when offered the choice between fiat and btc, they asked for the btc and a crash course in being their own bank. It's proven to be a lot more work than handing over $100, but sharing your passions is enjoyable so it's well worth it to me.
I wouldn't suggest a btc gift in pretty much any other circumstance. This only happened because of a persistent expressed interest and an explicit request for cash gifts.
@_date: 2018-10-19 15:36:17


This is not true, all evidence indicates Capitalism is far from an equalizer of wealth, it significantly concentrates wealth distribution in the hands of a few. All available examples demonstrate this tendency. Not because some people are more productive than others, but because capitalism is inherited wealth and opportunity.
The minuscule percentage of people who transition class in capitalism do so clearly not for reasons of merit - not because they "pulled themselves up by their bootstraps" - but more often because they were lucky. Networked with the right people, were in the right place at the right time. It isn't skill or ambition that seperated the rich and the poor and I know of no study supporting such a model of capitalism as being a system which delegates wealth based on who is wasteful and who is not, who is productive and who is not. Very far from it, capitalism isobservably generational wealth built on the backs of minimum wage labor.
My own anecdotes as one of the few to transition classes upwards conform to the idea I was lucky, not that I was so talented or productive that I deserved to move up in the world. Capitalism is absolutely not a meritocracy as you describe.
I don't  believe capitalism is the difference between a life free from coercion and one full of it. Coercion exists in capitalism. You must conform to the standards of your workplace, you must work what is available, not at the trade you wish. There are a lot of forms of coercion. Capitalism often presents bribery and profit motive as coercive elements for further example. It's why money governs capitalist politic.
@_date: 2018-10-04 06:31:19
They both take 10 minutes to confirm. This is a Bitcoin only subreddit though. Most of us here aren't fans of Bitcoin Cash and many even consider it a scam trying to capitalize on Bitcoins brand.
@_date: 2017-08-18 21:36:41
Bitcoin is anti fragile. So long as there are people who understand the value of decentralization bitcoin will live, and understanding is a difficult thing to rob someone of. No amount of childish behaviour or ignorance is going to kill it because people who understand still live. It's the next generation of bitcoin users I worry about. I fear they will be so divorced from the concepts of decentralization which give bitcoin value they will turn it into another centralized payment processing tool.
@_date: 2019-11-27 22:39:22
I ordered a mk3 last week, what are wait times looking like?
Edit: To anyone who may not know what coldcard is, it's one of the best hardware wallets available. I recommend it.
@_date: 2019-11-10 19:33:54
Miners can withhold transactions by not mining them. A majority of miners can choose to enforce a blacklist by never including transactions from some addresses in blocks, or they can stop all transactions by never including any transactions in blocks at all. What transactions go in a block is entirely decided by the miner that mined the block.
@_date: 2018-10-19 02:22:42
That's a cultural problem, because that's not how the rest of the world or the academic community defines socialism. Socialism is a word that has been co-opted by a culture war. It doesn't mean tyranny.
@_date: 2018-10-13 18:00:28
Has absolutely nothing to do with Bitcoin. If Bitcoin wasn't involved in the case at all and the woman took out cash from an ATM to give to a scammer would the police reasonably seize the money from the ATM owner?
Bitcoin doesn't enter into the part of this equation where liability is being cast on the ATM owner. It has nothing to do with anything. They could have never heard the word bitcoin before and it wouldn't have mattered in determining if the ATM owner was the scammer and thus could have their funds seized.
There is an enormous body of precedence. Do you know how many scams happen at ATM's serving cash?
@_date: 2018-10-19 19:38:36
Does thinking hurt you? Why do you avoid it so desperately?
Do you think it is as ironic as I do that often the classic silent video game protagonist is less developed than the auxiliary NPC's?
You are absolutely brain dead.
@_date: 2017-08-11 16:43:40
So just to be clear, your argument that the dollar is crashing is based entirely on the promotions offered by Subway and Little Ceasors as opposed to, say, the relative trading price of USD or the CPI? The dollar is inflating and it's doing so at a fairly predictable rate, but that's a far cry from the crash of fiat.
There are many factors which can affect the promotions a place like Subway would offer, not the least of which being rises to the minimum wage. Things like these don't reflect the crashing of the dollar in value. 
@_date: 2017-01-22 04:04:21
I hope whatever evidence you may have of persons maliciously attacking bitcoin is made public in some way. I don't know what your relationship to your source is and obviously I wish no misfortune on anyone, but if you did have such information about prominent figures in the community it must be made known.  I'd view this obligation almost as some might "national security", as in a decentralized security model it seems the dissemination of  accurate information is critical to a secure network state (as evidence by this blocksize situation). That's just my own ethos, but to many of us I think this bitcoin project matters a great deal.
By the way, thanks for taking the time to engage with the community so much, especially in rbtc and other unwelcome places.
Edit: I also can't wait until this line of comments gets picked up by rbtc trolls with the headline "PROPAGANDA: GREG MAXWELL STARTS CONSPIRACY AGAINST ROGER VER"
@_date: 2018-10-20 20:14:35
Not agreeing with your black and white view of governance doesn't make me not a true Scotsman. I contribute to this community and culture as much if not more than you do.
Bitcoin is wonderful because it allows people who can't agree about anything - like I will be unable to agree with you about anything - to operate in a nash equilibrium where they can find consensus without ever having to agree about economics or politics. It's a big tent we have here. You are on one extreme end of that tent, and I on the other. That doesn't make me less a Bitcoin proponent than you.
@_date: 2018-10-14 19:25:45
Such a ridiculous article and headline.


These people have been losing money since ASIC mining came into vogue in 2013. This article is the equivalent to bitcoin tabloid journalism.
@_date: 2017-08-12 09:00:58
Doesn't make the people jumping on the bandwagon any less desperate or stupid.
@_date: 2017-08-21 19:36:05
I've just entered this conversation, I'm not digging myself anywhere I'm noting you've misapplied an argument and given credence to the argument being made against you at the same time.
@_date: 2017-01-08 22:48:56
By far my favourite part of the circle debacle is how much demand and new users they missed out on with this latest bubble. With BTC interest skyrocketing they really shot themselves in the foot, they would have been better waiting 6 months if they were going to drop BTC.
@_date: 2018-10-13 18:48:24
Because the bitcoin part has nothing to do with deciding to seize the money or evaluate the claims of duress or fraud.
It's not that it won't work online, it's that you keep making excuses for law enforcement that don't hold any water - like that this is the first case of fraud involving a btc atm (it's absolutely not) or that bitcoin has anything to do with the claims the complainant made (it doesn't)
It's not the medium of the conversation causing impedance, it's your argument.
@_date: 2018-10-19 19:44:08


You just said that people will choose to ignore decisions they think are "wrong", i.e. every defendant ever.
If you can't engage in any critical thinking I can't continue to engage in this conversation.
@_date: 2019-11-02 22:30:35
It's not an argument of last resort, and both arguments are true. It's not laws getting in the way of bitcoin services, it's banks denying accounts for fiat services. I've run an MSB in Canada and I'm currently working a fintech startup in the U.S. so I know it is for sure possible to run services legally AND I know it is impossible to enforce any kind of regulations on p2p activity. That's literally why bitcoin was designed the way it is. If it's good enough for Chinese escaping capital controls and Venezuelans escaping inflation/illegality and Indians escaping demonitisation it's good enough for Americans and their mild laws and lack of enforcement.
@_date: 2018-10-13 14:50:43
Yep, saw it just yesterday.
@_date: 2018-10-04 04:00:31
Don't buy into things you don't understand, take all the time you need there is no rush. Price is irrelevant. I usually recommend researching and understanding for up to a year before purchasing, it's a very complicated space and people often go through several stages of comprehension.
@_date: 2018-10-05 19:27:11
So to be clear, your argument for why Bitcoin users should adopt bits is because America is the biggest bitcoin userbase and they find familiar pricing units of value in a similar format to USD.
Bitcoin is a global decentralized platform. There have been times when the US has not been the dominant market and there is no reason to expect they will continue to be tomorrow. Not that again, any of this matters because **culture does not drive the adoption of bitcoin units, function does**.
Try to see the world outside of your ethnocentric bubble. Try to see Bitcoin as something more than a price.
@_date: 2018-10-25 16:13:54
Sounds like your research paper already has some seriously flawed assumptions if you are crediting each business address as a single individual. These are wallets with millions of users represented by those single addresses.
Do better research, do the hard work of associating addresses to services and estimating userbases. Saying 3% of all investors own 96% isn't only very incorrect, it's the laziest "research" I have ever heard of.
@_date: 2018-10-22 21:50:08
Yes, it requires some fast memory (~256 MB according to the speculation at the time this was all being exposed) and significant transaction volume. That's not far outside the possibilities of the manufacturer of the equipment but you're right, it's speculative at best. That's why it's covert.
@_date: 2018-10-16 02:50:21
There are many alternatives, the first and foremost being not entering custodial bitcoin products and instead learning how to utilize the decentralized security model through the plethora of available resources.
Eventually institutions will use bitcoin and products built on top of it like liquid to reduce consumer risk by not being sole custodians. In this way even Grandma will be able to benefit from the security advantages of Bitcoin without ever using it. That is not what this product from Fidelity is. They are sole custodians, this is the old trust model not any new one.
What merit is there in getting Grandma to gamble on something she doesn't understand at all? What merit is there in empowering companies who would rob their users of the only unique benefit of engaging with bitcoin?
Grandma shouldn't get involved until she is ready. I tell everyone I recommend bitcoin to that they should take as much as a year and really make sure they understand it, and my advice to my grandmother would have been the same. 
Why in the world would you advocate anyone invest in ANYTHING they don't understand let alone something that has an entirely different trust model than any other investment?
@_date: 2017-01-21 19:00:23
The fact is that a significant volume of users do feel the way this survey suggests and that is valuable and actionable information. That the survey has a low accuracy is unfortunate, but it's not a reason to ignore it especially in a dearth of information about the topic.
@_date: 2018-10-20 20:54:21
Of course I mean well, no one is the villain in their own mind. I am sure you mean well too. That doesn't make either of us right.
I'm not sure what me poking holes in your geopolitical theories on a forum has to do with ending peace, but it is opinions like that which leave me with a strong resentment of your views. That's okay though. I'm sure you would resent my views too if you heard them.
What I am attempting to do is introduce a fact based narrative divorced from some of the insane assumptions too common around the fringe that Bitcoin attracts, like that government is inherently bad or autonomous government can be implemented effortlessly and without independence movements.
Bitcoin doesn't care what either of us believe, it just continues to bribe us to continue to behave in the interest of the protocol.
@_date: 2018-10-23 00:36:39
You get my down vote for thinking bitcoin is its price. Bitcoin works as a protocol at $30 as well as $20k. Any user can hedge against the volatility in either direction if they wish. A sudden glut of supply isn't a problem, just an opportunity. 
Bitcoin is the reinvention of trust. That doesn't stop being true if someone moves their coins or sells. The decentralized security model - the innovation of value here - is intact.
@_date: 2018-10-13 14:41:09
ATB just reversed their stance on crypto businesses. If you are doing KYC on your sell orders you can bank with them. If you aren't doing KYC or using a service that does KYC no one will have you.
@_date: 2018-10-16 01:20:27
It's a description of function, which isn't made up. Such a grossly dishonest argument top to bottom, who taught you how to have a disagreement?
No one said anything about printing bitcoin. My lord the things you make up and put in my mouth.
@_date: 2018-10-14 16:58:43
Know you aren't alone in feeling that way. Most of us have at some point or another been heavily in the red. If you haven't invested more than you can afford to lose you're fine. Grimace and tough it out. You signed up for 90% drops and 1000% gains when you got on this wild ride, don't pull out before you get to the good part if you can help it. Nine months is a pretty short time to be your own bank, we've had bear markets that last multiple years. I'd plan for several years, to the next halving at minimum.
If you have invested more than you can afford to lose reduce your position. It doesn't matter if the price rockets to 20k tomorrow if you can't afford to eat. Do what's best for you and yours and let bitcoin be a tool enabling that.
@_date: 2018-10-27 18:04:00
uhhh I think you have made a mistake. The post was never edited (no asterisk) and was made 16 hours before yours. 
@_date: 2017-01-21 18:00:55
Are you going to reply to every comment in this thread?
Find me a better measure of the misinformed, I'll use that instead. You don't throw away what little public perception data you have because it has procedural fault. At least, not until you have superior surveys with representative sampling.
Make a better survey if you feel strongly about it.
@_date: 2018-10-13 18:38:22
There is established precedent in the form of every other scam to ever happen at an ATM, which is a lot of them. This case did not create any precedent, what it did do is create additional victims and expenses from lazy police work.
I do not think it is outrageous to assume any police officer knows what an automated teller machine is.
This isn't even the first scam to happen involving a bitcoin ATM in Canada. I have no idea what gives you that idea.
@_date: 2017-08-18 13:45:55
Altcoins pump. Altcoins dump. That's really all there is to it.
@_date: 2018-10-17 20:20:24
That kind of disclosure is IMO the best kind of responsible disclosure for a gambling platform. In bold and on screen for 50% of the screen time. Good for them assuming the numbers are accurate.
@_date: 2018-10-06 18:28:51
You are so unhinged. I'm struggling between feeling sorry for you and eager to hear what comes next. You now are telling me you know who satoshi is.
@_date: 2018-10-27 17:12:23
I think what you are trying to say is that you don't care how the technology is misapplied, you only care about the price. Trading inflated derivatives won't define the underlying assets price and looking at price alone is possibly the most shallow understanding of Bitcoin possible.
@_date: 2018-10-20 18:02:38
You don't think it's a ridiculously shallow perspective to say all government is evil? Government is just people.
@_date: 2018-10-16 17:21:52
The unique properties of cryptocurrency are derived from the security model and network participants. Anyone can copy bitcoins source code but that doesn't give them the same unique or valuable properties.
@_date: 2017-08-21 21:40:16
Maybe I was moderated for some reason.
@_date: 2018-10-06 19:41:24
I don't admit anything other than you are a sad backwards thinking person who understands neither bitcoin or the country in which you live. You are a modern marvel betraying the most asinine world view with every sentence, and I am excited to see both how long it goes on and how pathetic it becomes. So far high marks in both catagories, the Trump maga bitcoin synonyms thing was a real highlight.
@_date: 2018-10-11 21:46:12
It's entirely because bfx cannot take deposits or fiat withdrawals due to banking partner issues so there is a premium on people exiting via crypto. They claim this situation will last up to a week.
@_date: 2017-08-18 20:28:26
Resource usage affects decentralization. Would 8mb blocks break bitcoin? Maybe not right now, but it pretty seriously affects decentralization down the line. Look at Ethereum to get an idea of how this would play out at Bitcoins scale and age.
Why should anyone make a political compromise that is technically damaging to any degree? The argument that we could live with it isn't a good one. The argument that we would avoid minor congestion in small bursts is not a good reason to degrade bitcoins most unique property in any amount.
It's a political argument in a technical space and there is no good reason to do it and one very good reason not to.
@_date: 2016-06-27 17:35:26
It doesn't matter that you haven't heard about it, I am telling you about it. You don't seem to realize that a fully compromised phone with any btc on it will be drained. How can you acknowledge one without the other?
You seem to be desperately looking for affirmation that your btc on your phone is safe, I am telling you straight up it isn't. Your phone is a hot wallet in an unsecured environment. Don't keep your savings on it
If your process for forming conclusions is so broken that it must be based on anecdote I suggest you google the words "bitcoin missing phone help". I couldn't tell you the name of the last big desktop hack any sooner than I could the name of the last big phone related loss, can you? Most people keep their miserable failures to themselves I'd imagine.
@_date: 2017-08-21 05:49:00
You overestimate the number of your peers. I'll be very surprised if bch ever rivals bitcoin. 2x at least has a chance due to wide corproate adoption, but I doubt it will either.
@_date: 2019-11-18 03:56:33
Sending and settlement are different things.
@_date: 2018-10-05 15:50:07
Point being? How does this have anything to do with the fact that we use new bitcoin units when function demands it, not when one culture wants to make Bitcoin more psychologically friendly to their preconceptions?
@_date: 2018-10-19 02:02:02
When comparing socialism to death it isn't relevant to point to long lived examples of socialist government policies around the world?
@_date: 2018-10-19 03:02:46
I think it is you who needs to acknowledge the evidence around you. Politicians frequently give themselves pay raises. They also don't typically run government corporations, they have CEOs who do get raises when things go well.
How are you not top to bottom embarrassed by your inability to acknowledge the world around you and how it functions?
@_date: 2017-08-05 02:13:24
It's been 2 months, btc split. I just showed up to flaunt that I was right. The market said fuck the uncertainty and the combined value of btc and bch has exceeded the value of btc since the fork happened. Buying bitcoin before the fork was a good investment strategy for anyone who did so regardless of the price they bought at.
@_date: 2018-10-22 18:40:27
You should realize this has nothing to do with one pool, any pool compliant to the BIP as it should be is likely to have issues. This is Bitmain unilaterally adopting their own standard and ignoring existing interoperability.
A pretty cringy comment pretending it is slush's pool that has the problem.
@_date: 2016-06-09 21:09:49
While you're right, there's a considerable cost in implementing and maintaining a backup solution so comprehensive that an organization the size of a university could effectively recover from a rampant cryptolocker virus with the flip of a switch. Not only would such a backup system be very above and beyond most standards, but it would certainly cost much more than $20,000. It would also require some sort of visionary fore sight to break with industry standards, spend a ton of money, and insist as an organization on only the most robust disaster recovery solutions available. It's just not reasonable to expect IMO.
@_date: 2018-10-17 20:16:33
The entire article is worth a read. It debunks many common misconceptions about who controls the Bitcoin protocol and the impact an attack on a given repository has.
@_date: 2018-10-30 03:38:53
He didn't have to choose to hold any coins. He again made terrible, self destructive decisions as part of his ideological war on bitcoin. There is nothing to get over, it is just an objective description of events. No one made him hold any coins and no one said he should have.
@_date: 2017-08-18 13:38:16
None of us are even remotely concerned. The other sub is absolutely irrational in their hatred for segwit, their conspiracies about core, and their total technical ineptitude in general.
It's difficult to browse that sub at all and think to yourself "that was a measured, substantiated contribution to this dialogue". There are literally daily posts of essay length which rival some of the greatest conspiracies of our time. I very seriously question the mental health of the people over there pushing this propoganda. Its obsessive. That people could be that obsessed yet still entirely uninformed holds a lot of similarity to other conspiracy groups.
@_date: 2017-01-22 03:39:59
I don't disagree that there are many people with motive to disrupt bitcoin, some of which are actively working towards this. I don't think one of those people is Roger Ver. Unless you're aware of some evidence I'm not, it seems to me both the creation of this mass of rbtc users and their current position happened organically. Gavin started trying to push a move to bigger blocks, theymos stifled misinformed discussion(among other things), Ver took a very logical stance derived from his business experience, miners who are personally insulted act like it. It doesn't seem like the careful orchestration of a group of malicious altcoin investors but the logical human reaction to given contexts.
@_date: 2016-12-15 02:51:03
Typical designer, not understanding that what users want is only relevant up to the point where what they want is plausible. I'd give users exactly what they want if I felt I safely could, everyone would. This isn't a matter of failing to communicate to engineers what there is demand for. Engineers aren't being combative just to spite popular use case demand.
@_date: 2018-10-01 05:56:59
Don't pressure people. Ask politely and then be on your way.
@_date: 2016-12-11 16:30:37
Luke is absolutely correct about JavaScript implementations being dangerous, even when all cryptography is happening client side. His concerns are not at all baseless.
Imagine using a version of Bitcoin Core that could update itself silently and without alerting you, any code could be injected into it without your knowledge. Would you consider that a safe piece of software for client side private key generation? I wouldn't.
People commenting about how well audited and reviewed some of these web wallet solutions are completely missing the point. It doesn't matter how well they are audited if I don't audit myself on every page load to be sure I am receiving the audited version of the code from the web server and not a malicious edit that hasn't been documented or audited.
The solution is simple. Instead of serving JS wallets over https serve them as standalone applications. This way the user knows their code isn't potentially being updated without their knowledge and the application has a much more conservative risk profile. It's not JS that's the problem, it's the delivery medium.
@_date: 2018-06-19 17:13:13
I agree, and it won't. Just like users don't need to understand TCP/IP to use the internet they won't need to understand Bitcoin to benefit from trustless Bitcoin services. When a company like Square chooses to back all deposits with BTC most users won't notice at all, to them it is just business as usual until square gets hacked or goes bankrupt but can't lose any user money because they aren't custodial, and even grandma can recover with her wealth intact by pressing a panic button or resolving as a function of a dead man's switch. That is the future of finance - people gaining properties of trust, transparency, insurance without changing anything they were otherwise doing.
The future of finance is not custodial Bitcoin from Coinbase or Square. Not your keys not your Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-10-20 20:40:56


No, it seems it is you who doesn't understand the innovation of Bitcoin. You've got so many wrong ideas in your head, I would never be able to correct them all even if you did have an open mind. Instead we will just see that the proof is in the pudding: I think you are a moron and would never want to be associated with you or anything you have to do with - yet here I am using Bitcoin because the incentives align me to. Just as they align Bitmain to despite all their protestation and attacks. Just as they align you to.
It is truly beautiful that not even your ignorance can impact Bitcoin, you get to think whatever backwards things you choose to. The Nash equilibrium will keep you acting towards consensus regardless. Bitcoin is the consensus of competing and hostile actors who would wish failure on each other, but it doesn't matter in the least because they will work together for their own interest. There is no better alternative action.
@_date: 2018-10-25 16:21:11
Many of us value our privacy and won't fill out a survey including so much identifying information. Consider collecting less personal info and no financial info to get a higher response rate.
@_date: 2018-10-16 17:29:14
It's not at all zero, there are different difficulty algorithms and the assets are at different prices.
More than that, miners are far from the only network participants. Nodes play important security and propagation roles, and economic actors play important roles.
The reality is Bitcoins incentive model strongly discourages change and encourages the status quo. As it stands BCH could be attacked at will for lack of security actors. To call it "pretty much the exact same" as bitcoin is to ignore entirely how the decentralized security model functions.
@_date: 2017-01-21 17:51:27
Who are you arguing with? Whose positions are you trying to put in my mouth?
@_date: 2016-12-13 05:46:01
Right, and I'm saying the underlying data structure is a linked list, not a blockchain. You're saying you can strip "blockchain" of its primary innovation, its authorization protocol, and still call it a blockchain? Software relying on protocols to store immutable shared data are not a new idea, and since their existence predates the existence of blockchains I would prefer not to confuse the two ideas.
@_date: 2017-08-25 02:12:39
It sounds like you found someone elses wallet and are asking how to get into it.
@_date: 2018-06-30 20:15:21
He can't be and isn't. He's been caught repeatedly fabricating evidence. What possible reason would Satoshi have to do that over and over? Satoshi could be anybody - except Craig Wright. He has been examined to the exclusion of contention.
@_date: 2018-10-22 19:41:14
What seems to be happening:
1. Braiins OS supporting ASIC Boost functionality through their open source firmware gets released
2. Bitmain, having long used ASIC Boost covertly, realize they need to release a fork of their internal firmware enabling ASIC Boost to maintain marketshare for their firmware.
3. But, having been designed for internal use and not public, the codebase considers no BIPs or interoperability with the existing mining ecosystem.
Maybe it's malice, maybe they are trying to force unilateral adoption of their standards through incompatibility with BIPs, but I'd be quicker to assume gross incompetence and reactionary actions.
@_date: 2018-10-07 00:44:07
Yeah but are they alpaca?
@_date: 2018-06-19 23:20:28
I've repeated this about seven different ways but let me try again:


The work required to do this versus use squares integration is directly comparable. How plain of English can I put this in for you? You don't need to build your own software solution just host a prebuilt one, which is what they are already doing if they have any online presence.
To die on this hill, asserting that the difficulties are disparate, is insane.
@_date: 2018-06-20 16:12:59
For those wondering these exploits never occurred on main chain just test net, and are the reason we disabled many of the scripting tools in Bitcoin to make it safer and more reliable.
@_date: 2017-08-20 19:55:32
Anyone else enjoy the irony of the most anti-North Korean man posting in North Korea about how posts in North Korea get banned, and it isn't banned?
If there was any truth to the idea that all dissension is banned surely this post wouldn't be here and neither would Roger.
@_date: 2018-06-20 20:21:44
No, you don't understand his answer.
@_date: 2018-10-19 16:52:19
 is the best commentary on the space that exists. Professional and well researched publications.
@_date: 2017-08-18 21:54:07
Who is Core? Who are you talking to?
The idea that Core is an entity with a voice is ridiculous.
@_date: 2016-11-30 19:25:46
I don't care who is providing the service, there is a right way to do it and a wrong way. An unallocated pooled commodity managed logistically on a centralized-decentralized private-public ledger sounds like the worst version of this idea possible. Private blockchain is a misnomer. Glad they will be entering a market with active competition demonstrating a superior model.
@_date: 2018-06-19 00:23:58
Americans should be embarrassed about using these services at all.  What benefit at all is there to using Coinbase or Square to hold your funds (as a majority of users do) versus using a bank or other traditional financial vehicle? Why are Americans even interested in Bitcoin if they are going to ignore all of its unique properties?
I am jealous of todays children who will enjoy a waning American global influence over the next century.
@_date: 2017-08-11 16:25:03
If the dollar was crashing its purchasing power would decrease.
@_date: 2018-10-06 16:21:45
Done pretending you know what I support or would you like to go on?
Americas freedom, wow. I can't begin to unpack your unyielding patriotism.
You must know there are a lot of international bitcoin conferences and developers, we literally just had one called the honey badger conference.
Did you just asterisk a 4 letter word? Are you genuinely a high school student? That would explain so much including your general naivety and adoration for the America perpetuated in a bad civics class.
@_date: 2018-06-13 23:29:29
I remember so seriously considering selling at $600. I had been under water a long time due to the 2014-2016 bear market and I was just peaking my head above water. I re-evaluated my reasons for being invested and decided to stay invested. I love being my own bank and have every reason to believe Bitcoin is the future of trust.
I'm not sure what you will do but don't let your emotions drive your decision making.
@_date: 2018-06-23 20:43:23
If you've only been in a year you've never seen a bear market. This is just the normal market cycle and the popular bear psychology.
If you're this panicked, sell, this asset isn't for you. We are going to do this over and over and over for the next decades so either buckle up or get off the ride.
@_date: 2018-06-21 18:13:53
But was rejected by all nodes for exceeding supply. The exploit would have worked with a smaller amount though that attack became impossible briefly after that event. If that happened today there would be some very tense days with exchanges not taking deposits or withdrawals and price crashing.
@_date: 2018-10-13 21:38:53
An etf that is backed by an asset is just holding positions for their customers, they have no need to dump the asset if they get bearish because they hold no liability they just deliver the asset at settlement. It's not going to end up being their asset they are just taking fees and were paid for the asset already. If an etf did close their clients positions unilaterally I am sure it would be the end of that etf and the beginning of many lawsuits.
Many etfs have their own assets to provide liquidity for backed products. In that case if they want to sell, it's theirs to sell so long as the rules governing them allow it. The Winklevoss twins could dump tomorrow if they choose to. They may have to keep a specific volume available for their financial product, but anything not tied to a position is theirs.
If it is unbacked they never have to acquire the asset. Each position is offset by an equal and opposite position. If I offer a sell on a etf future and someone buys it, there are now an equal buy and sell on the books. At settlement the buys and the sells must necessarily cancel each other out, you can't have a buy without a sell. You just deliver the money the users were gambling proportionally to the winners from the losers.
@_date: 2018-06-19 17:00:07
1. The programming barrier for embedding centralized merchant services into your e shop versus embedding open source merchant services is the exact same work. Stop pretending you need a degree in computer science to do one but not the other, it is the identical job.
2. The vast majority of the companies in the BTC space made a hostile fork attempt less than a year ago to subsidize blockspace and stabilize fees at the expense of network infrastructure operators and the networks decentralization. Companies were responsible for the unilateral fork attempts imposed by the NYA and S2X, and the existence of BCH at all. They consulted no engineering or technical resources, a handful of entrepreneurs tried to decide what Bitcoin consensus is and shove it down everyone else's throats. Less than a year ago. How do you not know this?
3. Lots of wallets have great UX without being custodial. Being custodial doesn't give you magic UX powers.
4. &gt; Square isn't going to, or even attempting to "capture" Bitcoin for themselves as some kind of monopoly, thinking that is just delusional.
It is not delusional, it is literally what just happened. Where have you been, did you just become aware of BTC in November?
@_date: 2018-06-07 15:35:33
That's how it has always been. Mining, just like in real life, is a large investment in equipment on the gamble you will use it to find value enough to cover the costs.
@_date: 2016-12-12 20:58:23
I.E. not a blockchain. Just a convoluted shared database
@_date: 2018-06-12 14:33:27
I understand quite well how the attack works and I just gave you an estimation and description - an order of magnitude above 400k.
@_date: 2018-06-19 18:24:11
No, because I'm not selling all of mine for any price.
@_date: 2016-12-13 05:30:37
If you read a word I've said you'll see I have advocated for traditional software solutions for these problems, not blockchains. You're arguing with no one but yourself. I haven't said a word suggesting Bitcoin or any other blockchain is suitable for the needs of those seeking "private blockchains". One of us is for sure "typing a bunch of bullshit".
@_date: 2016-12-23 02:41:19
My math was: 
Price per GBTC / BTC per GBTC == Price per BTC
    $106.00 / 0.09382641 == $1129.74
@_date: 2018-06-20 01:18:54






It is being ruined. It's a group of companies:
* custodially holding their users bitcoin creating an enormous security risk by pooling a large amount of funds with a single point of failure
* attempting to influence the Bitcoin protocol unilaterally (Square wasn't a part of this directly, but only because they weren't even in the space. 90+% of the net worth of the companies in this space attempted to fork us)
* imposing restrictions on use and blacklisting addresses and services
* advertising to their users they are using Bitcoin when in reality they are never interacting with either bitcoin tokens or the Bitcoin network.
Can you accept that if a decentralized network is to grow it must have real users interacting through decentralized layers as opposed to a small handful of internationally successful centralized intermediaries?
They are removing the value proposition of bitcoin by operating as a centralized layer on top of it and selling that layer as bitcoin. You don't think that's wrong? If that layer is what grows in adoption and not Bitcoin or decentralized layers then Bitcoin hasn't grown at all.
@_date: 2019-08-06 09:54:43
Bull run usually breaks ath and starts in earnest 6-9 months after halving, but past performance is not indicative of future performance.
@_date: 2018-06-09 15:09:00
And they can be untainted at will. What's the problem? You're making a mountain out of a mole hill. This is an addressed issue in both upcoming and existing developments. If I gave you a wallet with 100 tainted coins would you have any trouble untainting them?
@_date: 2018-06-12 03:23:53
There are some serious problems with the way the cost is calculated. They take the market hash price at nicehash and extrapolate how much it would cost to double the current hashrate. They don't include the profit of mining reward against the cost.
The biggest problem with this is that it ignores the insane market event of buying 1 bitcoin networks worth of hash power for an hour is. Is that much for sale? Not even close, 1%.  Even if there were 1 bitcoin networks worth of miners available to rent for an hour, it would be one of the greatest feats in history to somehow get all of the available for rent miners to hash for you, as you direct (in an obviously malicious manner), **without moving the market price of hash power beyond what the market currently projects**. The cost will be so much more than this for a 1 hour window of 1 bitcoin networks worth of hashing power (if it existed).
Only reliable attack is one where you own the miners - otherwise the community will cry and have the pool ban you as a customer. Cost is going to be orders of magnitude higher than 400k for a 1 hour window of attack.
@_date: 2017-01-29 17:50:19
Does anyone else well versed in this issue find this gif totally incoherent?
@_date: 2018-06-10 20:07:21
Look, [you received your payment]( the worst thing you an do is panic because you don't understand. Please do not handle your private key without extreme care or give it to any third parties.
Second, you need what's called an SPV wallet to use the blockchain without syncing. Electrum is a good one. Download it here: 
Third, you're going to import your private key into electrum. I'm going to explain the IDEAL way to do this even though you've probably already done things in a less than ideal way.
1. Air gap the device with the private key on it. Your private key should never touch an internet connected device unless using a protocol which demands hot wallets.
2. Dump the private key using bitcoin core with dumpprivkey 39UM5DMztcEmP2RoBiHJfArhuVuSv3Ndcj
3. Import the private key into electrum with the prefix: "p2wpkh-p2sh:" before the private key. (this is because you have a segwit address type, you can tell because your address starts with "3". Fisrt number is the address version number.)
4. Send your coins or manage them from Electrum wallet by signing transactions offline, then broadcasting the signed transaction on a live device.
@_date: 2016-12-13 00:33:50
A blockchain without a nash equilibrium based economic security model is just a linked list. Blockchains did not invent immutability.
@_date: 2018-06-19 22:19:26




In what warped world do you live in where merchants would require a bespoke commerce platform to accept bitcoin? You're speaking absolute nonesense. The programming task of integrating BitPay merchant tools or Coinbase merchant tools is perfectly comparable to the task of setting up BTCPay and configuring it to send a given amount to the exchange(s) of your choice. Literally the exact same steps except in one instance you're trusting Coinbase or BitPay with your coins instead of yourself.


It's so difficult to talk to you. None of this is based on anything other than your perception - which is wrong. There are open source NFC tools, NFC Bitcoin tools, scan and pay wallet integrations for every major CMS on the planet. They are open source and aren't holding your coins with some third party. You are just plain wrong about the availability of tools or the idea that centralized for-profit UX is inherently more capable than open source UX.
This conversation is painful. I can honestly not handle your ignorance to the ecosystem. Have you ever engaged in it at all? Ever set up a BTCPay server? Run a node? Been a BTC merchant? I don't think you have the slightest clue what you're talking about.
@_date: 2018-06-19 12:06:25
BTCPay is literally a clone of the BitPay API. Decentralized and centralized exchanges expose API's. There is no argument to be made that coinbase or square or BitPay merchant services are necessary. Allowing these parasitic centralized companies to attempt to dictate the direction of either Bitcoin as a protocol or an end user experience is unacceptable. These companies must fail.
You are stuck thinking in the same paradigm as these companies are, thinking they will take on PayPal or Amazon. What a very sad vision for what the world's most revolutionary financial asset will accomplish - the replacing of one centralized financial entity governed by US law with another. If that is all Bitcoin ever amounts to, a prop for companies like coinbase to hoist themselves up with, Bitcoin will have failed as a decentralized network of trust.
The goal is to replace Square entirely, not enable them.
@_date: 2016-12-11 21:53:08
Yes, I'm a JS developer among other things. Did you bother to read what I wrote or just skim the first sentence?
@_date: 2018-06-24 15:24:22
If you cannot handle the stress this asset isn't for you.
Every single newcomer was warned in every single news article and forum post that this is what the risks are. Bitcoin is volatile. Don't gamble more than you can lose. Yet as always here we are in a bear market and the tears won't stop falling. People should be excited, cheap Bitcoin! If you are lucky it will last until your next paycheck
@_date: 2018-10-19 02:34:47
When my government runs a surplus sometimes it goes into social programs, sometimes it takes the form of a direct tax refund. So yes, I as a citizen have received profit from my government run businesses. Literally a cheque in the mail.
@_date: 2018-10-18 00:37:15
As always an excellent article from BitMex research. I'm not sure how they seem to be the only publication team with any understanding of the space.
They need to hire a spokesperson for BitMex research that just tours the financial news shows talking about cryptocurrency and their research. Would significantly improve the quality of information being sent to the mainstream about this space.
@_date: 2018-10-10 17:27:44
Sure, i.e. federated. Maybe federated is better than centralized like XRP, but it's a far far cry from decentralized. It's unfortunate that so many layer 2 building companies have for the moment eschewed the more difficult challenges of trustless sidechains for the more immediately profitable closed system federated sidechains.
@_date: 2018-06-07 17:07:14


Because the logistics of running a mining operation aren't trivial, though some power companies especially in China are. In most instances it's simpler to let other businesses take the BTC risks and just sell them power at an elevated rate or with special terms for disconnection. In for example Quebec Canada they are ramping up an enormous number of mining operations using hydroelectric because it enables the power company to better distribute their electricity during peak times and profit from high rate and disconnectable customers. In Alberta there is a company that sells refurbished shipping containers full of miners and cooling that run on natural gas waste - allowing for additional resource usage that would otherwise be uneconomical and go directly to the atmosphere as pollution.  Most power plants produce more than is being used, and you just identified one of the major ways BTC will be beneficial to the power generating industries. Power plants have to exist before populations do, and the vast majority of their capacity is wasted until usage levels balance off. Bitcoin reduces energy waste, it reduces brown outs, it enriches energy companies, it enables otherwise uneconomical electricity products, and it results in a more reliable power grid for everyday citizens.
@_date: 2019-08-19 02:09:22
Coinbase still isn't using bech32 and has a long history of anti-bitcoin activity they have yet to repudiate.
@_date: 2019-08-02 00:27:17
Most of my difficulties resulted from pulling from master instead of the release, a protogen dependency issue, having to remove the GO111MODULE=on portion of the build and install commands, and trying to figure out the syntax for build tags.
@_date: 2018-06-09 14:55:16
There are also a dozen ways to dissociate your transaction history from your coins or not expose their ownership in the first place. Why doesn't that get a consideration?
@_date: 2018-06-19 23:04:53


Then integrate a square payment button. Either way it's the SAME WORK, which you would know if you had ever done it. No need to hire devs for a big platform.
I'll say it again for sake of reiteration, you have no idea what you're talking about.
@_date: 2018-06-19 23:35:59
I don't know what part of no "home made" terminal is necessary that you don't understand.
Here is a video covering the one button setup for BTCServer deploying to azure:  No programming required.
Here is an image of what the UX looks like for the BTCPay server - it is again IDENTICAL to the BitPay UX. You can even customize the checkout screen to fit the rest of your UX if necessary. An example:
Please admit that you are wrong about the complexity and skill required to implement BTCPay versus Square/Coinbase/BitPay merchant tools, or that any of those have a substantially superior UX. The evidence is plain.
@_date: 2018-06-20 05:47:49
It wasn't a bait and switch, I knew about this when they repealed the ban it was part of their argument for why it was good for Quebec and the power distribution system. These are high paying, interruptible customers. These changes also don't effect existing miners of which there are about 120 megawatts worth. This 3x price increase on new customer temporarily is just a tool to manage demand and impact.
@_date: 2018-06-19 04:03:32
it's easier to open an account with coinbase than it is to flip a coin enough times to create a private key? I don't believe that's true.
@_date: 2016-12-11 17:21:54
If the site is being served through a web server instead of downloaded, hash checked, and run locally then yes - these "concerns" are significant enough to say "it's unsafe don't ever use it". I don't find these concepts disparate at all.
I also understand Luke has some reservations about how the seeds are generated, and some potentially less calamitous concerns about address reuse and general user experience when handling PK's. I don't know that I share those concerns, but really any of these concerns are enough to warrant a strong advisory not to use the platform unless downloaded and run locally.
How severe does a potential attack vector need to be before you would consider concerns about it significant enough to advise against using a service?
@_date: 2018-06-14 15:02:32
I honestly think you have no clue what you're talking about and wouldn't be able to arrange a 51% attack if a genie dropped hundreds of millions worth of ASICs on your bed foot - let alone explain how now one would catch an imminent 51% attack when the mining splits.
@_date: 2018-06-13 13:53:05


@_date: 2018-06-06 14:21:00
Then the evil soft forkers fork themselves while everyone else plugs along with the existing consensus. What you are describing also wouldn't be a soft fork, it would be consensus breaking so you would end up with a hard fork. Soft forks have to be entirely backwards compatibility.
@_date: 2017-08-20 20:23:05
Stability is relative and OPs complaint is a lack of immediate volatility, so I'd call that stability in the context.
@_date: 2018-06-20 03:01:02
A merchant using Square to accept lightning payments is not a lightning user. I don't know how you have convinced yourself they are.
They don't have first mover advantage. PayPal has first mover advantage. Goldman Sachs has first mover advantage. If those companies want to start backing deposits with user controlled BTC that would be the first mover having amassed scale and transitioning to decentralization. How can you argue that Square is a first mover in the financial services space? That's insane.
@_date: 2018-06-12 17:28:21
You know why some software vulnerabilities - like diseases - go unnoticed for a long time? Their consequences aren't severe. But as soon as they are severe everyone suddenly notices and goes to their doctor or computer repair shop.
If Meltdown was exploited sooner and if that exploit was used to take over half the profits of all the miners in the world AND split those miners onto their own chain preceding a 51% attack - EVERYONE ON THE PLANET WOULD NOTICE.
@_date: 2018-06-04 16:45:56
If you think you'll get anything but a headache and legal bills you're mistaken. Stop using these exchanges.
@_date: 2018-06-19 03:44:41
How is any of that relevant to the fact that these organizations operate in a way counter to the principles of a decentralized and trustless ecosystem?/
@_date: 2019-08-31 20:48:17
If I were Coinomi I'd be getting more litigious. That's two people this year who have decided to go on a bad PR crusade, spreading what would almost certainly be considered libel, for events that are almost certainly caused by malware on a victims device.
If you aren't signing transactions offline and air gapped you have no one to blame but yourself.
@_date: 2018-06-16 14:16:55
Blockchain is a mirage, a simplification for those that struggle to understand the innovation of the decentralized security model. Blockchain doesn't matter at all. Bitcoin is the innovation.
@_date: 2016-12-13 00:14:14
Can you use the wrong tool to get a job done? Yes. Will there be undesirable consequences? Yes.
Why would I care if someone wants to spend more money to get to a way less efficient means of accomplishing the same result? Let them make their arbitrarily defined mining participant and strength blockchains with broken security models. I'm just saying they should be using an actual shared database with a cryptographic security model and immutable datatypes, because that's effectively what they are ending up with anyways if they do everything right. Well, except way way less efficient and more expensive. But "blockchains" are so cool, I'm sure it's worth it.
@_date: 2019-08-25 20:12:55
I don't consider pruned nodes to be full nodes. Ask yourself "is a network of primarily pruned nodes a desirable network infrastructure?" I don't think it is. We don't want to end up like Ethereum where you can count the number of full (they call them archival) nodes on one hand.
Assume it's just a matter of semantics, what would you prefer we call what I consider full nodes if not full nodes? I prefer calling them full and pruned, with qualifiers for listening and non-listening.I'm not about to adopt the Ethereum "we don't actually need ~~full~~ archival nodes" position.
@_date: 2018-06-04 15:46:34
You made the biggest mistake possible, investing more than you were willing to lose. Nothing to do about it but cash in your losses and go home or risk it all and end up rich or bankrupt. Learn to sit still instead of trying to trade, you're killing yourself.
@_date: 2018-06-07 17:27:54
Why accept the risk of mining BTC when you can instead just have the very unrisky business of selling them power? Some will mine, but I expect the majority to just sell power. The ideal gains from a perfectly run operation are money left on the table, but who cares if you're also leaving all the risk? I'd rather have a huge risk free boon for my company than a super risky but higher paying off venture.
It's also a conflict of interest. The power companies, often publicly owned, are supposed to serve the broader population. That means turning off mining customers during peak demand to avoid brown outs. If you are running the mining operations you might be in a position where you have to shoot yourself in the foot. let someone else take the risk.
@_date: 2019-08-30 20:45:03
@_date: 2016-12-11 00:27:37
Right, which is part of any risk assessment for a given investment vehicle and the reason Bitfinex has better earning potential than a less risky investment vehicle. My point is that there are investment vehicles in the bitcoin space suitable for any risk level.
@_date: 2019-10-02 18:31:53
For people who understand it and how it is universally misapplied in this space it's even more bullshit. When you start from a failing premise you produce useless results, even when described as probabilities (which they both never are and are never accurate.) Calling something a probability doesn't validate the probability being cited. Don't assume that because people disagree with you they are ignorant.
@_date: 2019-08-14 16:27:23
There were a bunch of people who did this when bitpay originally turned dark side. IMO people should refuse to use any of the unrepentant NYA companies services.
@_date: 2018-06-19 04:05:00
No, that's not first mover advantage. If they wanted first mover advantage they would buy OTC. Storing BTC with coinbase is not first mover advantage. it's being taken advantage of.
@_date: 2018-06-20 01:38:10
It's not a strawman, it's a very real threat. We don't want businesses to structure this way it's harmful to the ecosystem as described.
I do think any centralized company operating under the conditions I described is a threat to bitcoin. 




You don't think it's relevant that they can choose to see some Bitcoins as invalid forms of payment? That they can close your account for associating with gambling services or any other reason they could whim? It does work this way, and it is in action right now.
Why do I care if Square has a lightning node? They implement Bitcoin too. That doesn't make their users Bitcoin users or Lightning users. Why is the idea that they implement lightning valuable to you when considering ANY of the points above? They can still blacklist channels. Observational capacity over LN is likely already very high and companies like chainanalysis are making a killing. Since you love quoting so much please quote exactly which negative aspect of this business model is affected by Square hosting a lightning node and open channel.
@_date: 2018-10-13 18:15:45
That's an easy way to dismiss someone who disagrees with you.
I read what you wrote, you put words in my mouth like malice instead of lazy and made no argument that Bitcoin had anything to do with this case. Your entire argument revolved around sympathy to those who don't understand bitcoin, which again has nothing to do with my argument that bitcoin isn't a relevant part of this case.
@_date: 2018-06-19 17:19:06
You mean adoption, and adoption isn't king tech is. If all you want is adoption you might as well be in a MLM scheme.
Making the financial everyday interactions less risky for user and merchants is not something that applies to a narrow demographic of tech users. It has broad appeal. Using that broad appeal the way Coinbase is to pretend to be offering a next generation service while in reality building a PayPal clone is grossly unethical business. If you want PayPal use it, we don't need to make another.
@_date: 2018-06-22 16:46:32
Its a function of demand for blockspace, which is not uniformly distributed over time. In some instances that demand even includes manufactured demand - spam. This isn't one of those instances, this just looks like a large batch of transactions driven by demand. Exchanges experience high blockchain velocity during price movements - so maybe that is the cause in this instance.
Either way doesn't really matter. Everything working as expected.
@_date: 2018-06-19 16:46:11
Why is that good? Why should someone buy Bitcoin if they know nothing about it tot he point where it must be custodial and operate with every limitation of a bank deposit? How is that the future of finance?
@_date: 2016-12-23 02:28:26
At risk of poking the mathematically illiterate bear, it's actually $69.74 you were off by or $1129.74 per BTC.
@_date: 2016-12-12 02:04:56
Silly and uninformed is an apt description. People who have never even tried to put to work held bitcoin are making absolute statements about it.
@_date: 2019-10-14 03:02:53
I don't have any real questions just like to talk turkey.
Did you enjoy the [Schnorr/MAST/Taproot BIPs]( as much as I did? Between that and the lightning pace of lightning development it has been such an amazing year for Bitcoin development.
@_date: 2019-08-16 17:01:13
What does the $125  million in insurance cover? Theft? Hack? Employee negligence? User negligence?
Will the insurance amount increase as custodial funds increase? Will bakkt warehouse commit to a 100% insurance with broad coverage for their users?
All those paragraphs and only a fleeting mention of anything important.
@_date: 2018-06-20 16:05:43
Tether FUD will never be over so long as tether exists. It's broken by design.
@_date: 2018-06-06 18:26:46
Any mechanism of enforcing:


through rule change as opposed to miner supermajority will cause a hard fork, as other clients will include blocks that are not empty when evaluating the chain with the most proof of work. If your new clients reject the chain with the most PoW because they are still producing blocks that are not empty, it would cause a hard fork. By choosing to not include blocks that have transaction content you are forking away from those that maintain the current consensus rules unless you have a super majority of miners.
If you had a true soft fork where some nodes agreed to provide additional features beyond the base bitcoin protocol, I'd consider that a different network layer even if they were the same participants. Transactions are being recorded but not on the bitcoin blockchain or they would have to be in a block and recorded by nodes, it's happening either off chain or side chain. On a level this is similar to how segwit works, except it segregates the witness data.
@_date: 2018-06-12 19:41:41
It is a command line interface. The UI is displaying for you the same information about transactions to addresses you have explicitly told it about. You could add your ledger addresses.
I think what you more are asking is how do I use my full node with my ledger instead of Ledger's node or some random node.  
Unless they have patched it in the last 7 months the answer seems to be you can't.
@_date: 2018-06-14 10:47:22
You really have no idea of how this attack works. You can't hide hashpower or make it out of thin air.
@_date: 2019-08-20 03:08:40
If I am understanding you correctly, you would change the probability of a given subexpression to produce a potentially more optimized script based on the likelihood you expect a given subexpression to be fulfilled. Is that an accurate paraphrasing? It's possible I am still missing the benefit of adding a probability expectation to subexpressions.
@_date: 2019-10-11 14:47:48
It's likely the device you create transactions on has a virus and it inserted the address without your knowledge or participation. There is no recourse. Always do your signing offline on air gapped devices.
@_date: 2019-10-27 16:21:06
That is possibly the worst application of the most inefficient shared global data store I have ever heard. There is a reason we don't just explode the blockchain size and let you shove whatever you want in it.
To have what you want is to destroy the properties you value like immutability, longevity, and security. If you don't believe me Ethereum and bcash are both destroying their blockchains in this way, to the point ethereum will completely abandon their original chain.
A blockchain, bitcoin's blockchain being the only one of value, is for storing proof of existence hashes or state management hashes. Not arbitrary and limitless data.
@_date: 2018-06-26 16:10:52
I haven't looked at BTCPay source but I imagine if someone hasn't already you could easily integrate popular exchange API's to enable configurable selling/holding just like BitPay does.
@_date: 2019-08-25 18:49:38
If you think the biggest hurdle bitcoin faces is taxes that's a pretty rosy view if you ask me.
@_date: 2018-06-03 05:36:31
This is EXACTLY why Bitcoin is good for the energy sector. If you have interruptible customers like Bitcoin miners it allows you to better balance the energy grid for peak demand times which are common, it allows you to commoditize unused generation capacity without storage or transmission problems, it makes viable power production methods that otherwise would be out-competed or thrown to waste. Good on Quebec.
@_date: 2019-10-22 18:37:03
Yep just old blockchain data. if you want to make sure you don't delete any hidden treasure make sure to save the wallet.dat file but that's all you need.
@_date: 2019-08-14 06:05:06
If they would have acknowledged they were wrong at the outset they would be rich right now.
@_date: 2019-08-20 00:58:57
Fantastic work. I'm very excited to play with miniscript, it sounds like it should significantly simplify interacting with other peoples scripts.
I do have a question though:


What is the probability of a subexpression used for in a script? When i try to change the example miniscript:
to something like:
I get an identical miniscript output and bitcoins script but a different input WU. I don't understand what the probability coefficient is for.
@_date: 2018-06-04 15:38:21
Doesn't even matter if they are evil, it matters that we can migrate to a privately hosted git at our whim. MS nor GitHub hold anything over us.
@_date: 2018-06-20 16:11:24
Good luck explaining that distinction to anyone who isn't active in the space. it's very clear new Bitcoin users are not heeding the warnings or advice of long time users and are instead relying on the advice of the mainstream reporting on Bitcoin - who themselves barely understand what they are talking about.
@_date: 2018-06-20 03:07:23
That's fine, I'm happy enough that you're wrong.
@_date: 2019-08-18 15:54:38
Nice. Have you tried out lightning loop yet? That's a very cool way to manage channel balance as well.
@_date: 2018-06-04 16:42:37
That's not true, we've seen this play out before at sourceforge. Within a few years nearly everyone had migrated. If MS gets shady there is nothing to be concerned about.
@_date: 2017-08-21 19:50:13
I'm not personally questioning your credentials to speak, censoring your ability to speak, or asking you to stop speaking. I'm not setting any conditions on you. I am being critical of your words. I assume that's exactly what you would want so I don't know why you are reacting so strongly.
You appeal to the age of your reddit account. You yourself have indicated a familiarity with logical fallacy - can you identify the logical fallacy you used by appealing to your accounts age to support your views?
Your own appeal to logical fallacy was misapplied for the reason I've already outlined.
So in the context of that, do you think you could hear the argument: if you want to support your positions don't be so stupid about it? It's not about being a coder, or a miner. It's not about qualifications. It's about a coherent argument. Can you have one?
@_date: 2019-10-10 18:20:34
I'm a mod. Not all mods agree, we're a diverse group, but I will happily call ETH a scam for pretending to be decentralized. I consider myself well informed of ethereums history, current state, and proposed plans. Many bitcoin devs [espouse similar positions]( Feel free to PM me for a more in depth discussion as to why. As you know we try not to talk alts here since it's off topic.
@_date: 2016-12-11 00:17:24
I put my BTC to work by using my long term holdings to back leveraged trading and earn interest on BTC loans. You can make money on held BTC through the identical mechanisms as held fiat, which is what makes the original comment silly. I like BitMex and OKCasino for leveraged trading, I've used Bitfinex, Poloniex, and BTCJam for loaning BTC. I also like 1broker for exposure in BTC to traditional markets.
More than all this, you can also make money through unique protocols like CoinJoin now and in the near future Lighting. There are an ever growing number of ways you can put your BTC to work with a diverse set of risks and returns suitable for any desired risk level. 
@_date: 2016-12-10 20:36:14
There have been so many ways to make money off idle coins for years that even in 2014 this statement was silly and uninformed.
@_date: 2019-08-30 21:24:09
In the r/btc subreddit they deny this ever happens at all and insist anyone claiming it has happened is a paid core shill.
@_date: 2019-08-01 16:54:28
@_date: 2018-06-20 21:56:57
I hate this. Custodial services need to die and non-custodial services need to be identical to custodial services to the point where most end users wouldn't notice a difference.
@_date: 2018-06-19 23:22:50


With near identical UX outcomes. Comparable number of clicks, comparable workflow process. Comparable everything.
Where do you get your facts? You've obviously never implemented any of these solutions in your life.
@_date: 2019-10-01 02:31:56
Good points!
@_date: 2018-06-19 19:18:50
No doubt, but if OP had any hope of catching someone who has surely stolen much more than 800 over the last decade this was it and he blew it.
@_date: 2019-10-09 16:03:34
It is and it does, but that's not what's happening in hong kong nor does it have anything to do with the video in question. They aren't protesting as part of a revolution for the separation between state and money, they are protesting for the right of representation in government and law, for the preservation of the 1 country 2 systems governance. None of their demands have anything to do with bitcoin, nor are they actively using bitcoin (yet) to escape their local economic contexts.
@_date: 2019-10-02 20:14:23
1.6 Million USD a week is the news? This is from the same guy who just two days ago was making alarmist claims about block times and burned down mining farms? Seriously, before you write your next article do some math to assess the actual significance of the things you are writing about and claiming as significant.
I really wish you guys would get your act together and produce quality bitcoin journalism. There's a desperate need for it. Instead you're just shoveling more clickbait garbage. You're a self promoting spam account that posts to a dozen subs with conflicting content just looking for clicks. Start following the rules about [self promotion]( on reddit while you're at it.
@_date: 2019-10-02 19:50:46


I mean literally everyone. Show me someone who doesn't? Who uses probabilities properly in their analysis and has been consistently accurate for years? If there is such a group of people able to come to "objectively true and independently derivable" TA conclusions I don't know of it and they would be the exception not the rule.
If something is objectively true and accurate then it should be repeatable and independently verifiable. TA in Bitcoin doesn't meet that standard. Its movements are not based either on the psychological state of the markets, the "trend" of the market, nor an underlying companies fundamentals. It has moved for years now based on crazy supply distribution, protocol state, and speculation on a unique asset class. These factors are fundamentally different from what drives TA.
@_date: 2019-08-20 13:57:18
Thanks for the quick lesson. I think I'm starting to get it.
Generic signing sounds amazing. This is a kind of standardization of script interaction that could be as impactful to bitcoin smart contracts as the adoption of SQL was to database interactions. It's going to take me some time to really grok this but I am so excited to use it. Going to see if I can do anything coherent with it this weekend.
@_date: 2018-06-22 15:15:12
It's not unusual. It's been like 2 hours total so far and this post is an hour old.
People really need to get into the headspace that fees are volatile and that volatility serves a function.
@_date: 2019-08-30 20:15:14
I'm afraid not. You need the seller to return the BCH.
Bitcoin.com is a scam for the exact reason this post describes, and while BCH is absolutely off topic I'm approving this post because it illustrates a truth that is both important to bitcoin users and perpetually denied by the broader cryptocurrency community: Bitcoin.com is designed to intentionally confuse users and trick them into buying BCH when they are interested in Bitcoin. IMO it's an important thing to be aware of and discuss. Do not use bitcoin.com and make sure your peers that may become interested in bitcoin do not use bitcoin.com.
@_date: 2018-06-12 16:57:39
Graphics cards aren't effective miners, and organized pools would be able to identify that they were not mining on the main chain any longer which would cause community outrage and either a miner exodus from the pool or more likely the pool returning to honest behavior. It would be self destroying before it ever got off the ground.
Similarly a virus that siphoned 51% of hashing from ASIC's would be noticed and disabled immediately. that's an over half reduction in profits you don't think EVERYONE is going to notice that with the way people check their bitcoin stuff? Not to mention, you'll never infect every mining device on the planet.
The only reliable way is to own the miners yourself.
@_date: 2018-06-30 20:08:25
Dear lord Satoshi, bless us not with these false 'toshis but with ATH's and capitulating governments. Amen.
@_date: 2019-08-20 22:24:31
Thanks Pieter, I really appreciate the help.
Some friends and I have been happily making policies and miniscript on the webpage you linked and are wanting to try something like a generic signing on testnet using the code [here]( If someone could provide a brief description of how to get this code built with bitcoin core and interact with it afterwards I would be very appreciative.
@_date: 2019-08-28 19:59:08
Please make sure u/roasbeef is the reader of the audiobook version.
@_date: 2019-10-21 18:03:14
Literally not a single report on that post in 2 days. Doesn't seem like you're doing your part here if you genuinely think posts like that are off topic (which I agree, they often are. I especially find articles from that site beincrypto to be of dubious quality.)
@_date: 2019-10-22 13:21:53
You're projecting on to me your assumptions about me, let alone anyone else. That's not knowing what you're talking about and that you feel it attacks your character doesn't make it an ad-hom. Just because you don't see or engage in quality protocol level discussion here or elsewhere on a regular basis doesn't mean others aren't. We had the greatest discussion in the subreddit price chat of all places about the protocol and the history of mining and the networks evolving secuity model and upcoming BIPs with some old timers the day before last. It lasted hours.
As I originally said - yes most people come to get rich. Most people don't end up sticking around. But those of us that do end up all about the protocol and there are plenty of us.  Show me someone who has been around for over 5 years and is a passionate bitcoin supporter who isn't all about the protocol. It's a rarity.
@_date: 2018-06-19 19:01:19
Pubkeys are psuedoanonymous, and by posting this you just ruined your only hope of identifying this person and holding them accountable. Now they will not associate these coins or this address with an exchange before coinjoining them. Congrats.
@_date: 2016-12-11 16:58:39
What percentage of users do you imagine do that? If this was the only way to run bitaddress then it would be fine. Just stop hosting it.
@_date: 2019-10-09 14:30:37
According to local bitcoin's in HK they are doing an ATH volume of 1.6 million USD a week, which is a negligible sum relative to either HK or Bitcoin. That a building a bank uses is damaged isn't "bitcoin news".
@_date: 2018-06-13 20:57:09
It's easy to notice half the Bitcoin hashrate is missing. The first obvious sign will be consistent slow blocks. All hashrate calculations will immediately record the dip. Miners will be able to immediately notice half their hashrate isn't paying out if they are attentive. What similar notification exists of a meltdown intrusion?
The difference is in the alarming and attention grabbing impact. It's immediate. It's recordable. It cannot be hidden. It's impossible not to notice at a global scale.
@_date: 2018-06-19 23:13:49
I haven't even mentioned decentralization in several posts, I've only mentioned the realities of accepting fiat and bitcoin online - and that they are very low costs to entry. You keep asserting they are complicated and require substantial development resources, and that's just plainly false. Squares success should be enough to indicate that to you even if you have never done an integration yourself.
@_date: 2018-06-20 03:14:02
Does this mean I won't have to hear you mischaracterizing the facts of centralized Bitcoin services versus open source bitcoin services? Boy oh boy, it's all I ever wanted.
@_date: 2018-06-13 16:00:25
Many of us aren't traders at all and you are right we aren't cut out for it - we're technology enthusiasts. To try to trade is how we see many of our peers bankrupt themselves. You're gambling on the price - which is why to you it makes perfect sense to sell high and buy lower. We'd rather be gambling on the binary state of will this be a successful and adopted technology - because it's the only area we have any insight into. Trying to maximize the enormous potential gains of winning our binary bet by maximizing when we buy in doesn't actually return that significant a difference in return potential but is a huge difference in risk exposure. By actively trading instead of holding you risk being wrong, and missing the start of the next insane bullrun. it happens to traders here all the time. No one is perfect and the market is very unpredictable - any gains you make min/maxing your position are lost to slippage buying back in if you are *ever* significantly wrong.
To that end we follow some simple rules to place our bet on the long term adoption of this technology:
1. Don't invest more than you are willing to lose.
2. Dollar cost average in during dips, never going full exposure.
3. Don't trade with any effective leverage. (use leveraged products, but keep enough reserve from your willing-to-lose stash to cover the leverage and deleverage to 1:1 if necessary)
4. Since you haven't invested your full "all I am willing to lose" amount ever - **don't sell**. Just keep dollar cost averaging the dips - for years if necessary.
What this does is it structures a bet of "will there be another bitcoin bubble in the future". If you bet yes, follow these simple rules and even with no trading or market awareness you can profit. If you want to bet "will Bitcoin be a successful adopted technology", keep holding through the bubbles. I'd much much rather make a gamble on "will there be another bitcoin bubble" than "what is the price of bitcoin going to be tomorrow"
@_date: 2019-10-24 16:22:10
It's a thread with 2 votes and zero reports. It isn't on the front page. What exactly is your cause for concern?
@_date: 2019-08-26 17:20:19
I don't believe those are the most commonly used definitions outside ethereum. I believe most bitcoin node runners would simply use "full" when referring to what you call archival and "pruned". All bitcoin nodes are fully validating, that's the entire point in running a node. All clients are not fully validating. We don't need to borrow from ethereum's language, we were here first and already have the necessary language.
@_date: 2018-06-12 16:48:50
That's such a difficult thing to get a grasp on - the short term. buy/hold versus waiting.  Bitcoin could do anything tomorrow - be manipulated any way tomorrow.
Long term is easy. If you're willing to hold through a 4 year period (a halvening+some) I'd say it doesn't matter when you buy in - you'll be looking good sometime. Often you'll be looking good for a long time. The trick will be not selling until the 1-3 week hyper bull market has come and gone - and selling before price collapses again. So many people sold in January 2017 because the ETF was rejected. So many people sold in July/August 2017 because of fork and scaling fears. So many people sold September - December 2017 as they hit their individual "moons" and cashed out. And so many didn't - either by intent or by missing the chance. I think if you're planning to gamble to make significant profit for your firm I would much rather gamble that Bitcoin will bubble in the next 4-5 years than I would what Bitcoin will do in the next 365 days.
The short term game though, that's tough. If you're going to look for short term assurances you put observation on all major bitcoin wallets and you observe the supply with the eye of a hawk. You watch futures and leveraged products and interest rates. If you're going to be gambling you should stack the deck in your favor as much as possible by informing yourself of every variable possible - and supply is a uniquely observable property on a blockchain. Automated trading and stop loss strategies have to be key, disaster recovery and exchange choice should be based around track records and your own auditing. You should use leveraged products like those at BitMex(excellent security practices) to avoid your entire trading balance sitting on an exchange. You may not be doing full on trading, but if your goal is to answer the question "is it going to be lower soon? and if not can I buy in now?" you should use the same tools.
A lot of people win amazingly at the short term game. Many more lose everything - often due to factors entirely out of their control like ddos on exchanges, exchange fraud or theft, or market manipulation. Play the long game. It's more profitable anyways. 
TLDR: Thinking about what the opportunity cost of buying Bitcoin when it is at 40% of its all time high or 35% is just silly. The really opportunity cost is not buying in at all or missing the boat. Those are the people who panic buy the top. Do not be those people. Buy some exposure now. Buy more later if it goes lower. Hold for 4 years. Profit.
@_date: 2016-12-13 15:50:44
You do actually have to restructure a linked list if you remove an element. To remove an element is to change the linked lists previous and next node pointers, and possibly the begining pointer. If you have say, a linked list of hashes then you need to rebuild the whole list as well. Is a linked list composed of hashes what you consider a blockchain? Because again, this kind of immutability has been around for decades.
@_date: 2019-10-22 19:18:23
The right community is right here. Bitcoin is politically agnostic. It's a tool, like a hammer. The hammer nor discussion communities about hammers care what your politics are.
Lots of libertarians are attracted to the properties of liberty bitcoin enables and espouses. Bitcoin was created in response to political contexts and the creator made clear some political views like their thoughts on fractional reserve banking. The genesis block even includes a newspaper headline involving bank bailouts. But libertarian minded folks are hardly the only users.
The truth is we get as many posts about Richard Wolff as we do Hayek (as relates to bitcoin or the economics of bitcoin). Polls trying to examine the political makeup of bitcoin users find their beliefs vary across the political spectrum. IMO Bitcoin has a larger gender bias than it does a political one.
@_date: 2019-10-09 16:35:21
They are protesting China, not the bank of China. They are specifically targeting mainland business interests, that is the only reason for mainland banks being attacked. The video itself is explicit about this point, as have been the protesters.


Local bitcoins reports ATH volume of 1.6 million USD a week. That's a completely negligible amount.
@_date: 2018-06-12 01:46:54
Also buying. After the 2014-2016 bear market it is going to take a lot more than this to shake me.
@_date: 2019-10-11 21:20:16
That subreddit is anti-bitcoin and we don't link there if we can help it, sorry. Feel free to join the discussion here in the [daily thread]( or on [one]( of [the]( existing [IRS]( threads.
@_date: 2019-10-21 18:19:00
Not sure if this will help, but others have had issues before:
Good luck!
@_date: 2019-10-29 16:51:25
Not only have we had enough of this meme and it's nonsense, but this post is full of misinformation. If you want to learn about the energy usage of bitcoin and other alleged "flaws" you can learn from an objective and well sourced examination like that from the [IEA](
@_date: 2018-06-12 17:17:33
**Developers**: Some developers are sponsored by the companies they work for. Some are sponsored by organizations like Blockstream - designed to fund full time developers on Bitcoin at a time preceding significant corporate involvement. The vast majority of contributors continue to be volunteers, and beyond securing their own interest in bitcoin they have acquired - they have no financial incentive. Some few developers claim bounties which are largely insignificant. 
**Miners**: Miners are paid the coinbase reward and the accumulative fees for any transactions they include in a published block.
**Users**: Users are able to be their own bank - economic freedom is the incentive. That includes specific economic freedoms like eliminating the risks of intermediary parties, full transparency, and auditability. For users Bitcoin is a web of trust between intermediaries where they only person they need to trust is themselves.
@_date: 2019-10-09 14:24:21
What does this have to do with bitcoin at all?
@_date: 2019-10-31 19:16:44
you might be better asking in r/bitcoinbeginners
@_date: 2017-08-26 18:24:52
Everyone else who held their own coins had no trouble claiming their bcc, are you sure you're not the stupid one? It's a verifiable fact that more btc has been lost due to exchange compromises than lost personal wallets.
@_date: 2018-06-04 15:50:20
There have been many instances of phone providers being socially engineered, phone number 2fa isn't as secure as you might like. Use a 2fa app.
Expect sketchy emails and phone calls. Practice diligent key control including offline tx signing, get your coins out of exchanges, and take control of your own security.
@_date: 2019-10-17 14:10:30
This has nothing to do with bitcoin, and there is no such thing as the decentralization of token ownership, it's the network that is either decentralized or not.
@_date: 2019-08-19 01:54:49
Hate to be the one to break it to you, but Bitcoin is one of the greenest industries of its size on the planet and does more to fund renewable energy production than any other industry I can name. Over 75% of bitcoin mining is renewables curtailment according to the IEA, Coinshares research, and a Cambridge study independently.
@_date: 2018-06-19 19:50:03
It's a segwit address, you're seeing only very limited and recent results, not what he's scammed over the last 16 years. Probably only what he's scammed a small number of people with. You have no means with which to estimate how successful he has or hasn't been. All you could do was give this address to law enforcement agencies in countries where he interacts with an exchange, and maybe someone would have caught him. You're relying on him to make a mistake to catch him, and you're announcing everything you know before you have him. Now he won't make those mistakes.
Edit: Good call deleting. Get in contact with authorities in any jurisdiction he is operating in and hope he makes a mistake associating his identity to some fraud profits. Good luck.
@_date: 2018-06-02 17:17:27
The answers in this thread are comedic and really illustrate a new generation of crypto users way of thinking. That's fine. Buy your alts. We all did at one point too. Now we're bag holder and Eth holders really. The few of you who get lucky and make it will be good enough to encourage the next wave of technically illiterate gamblers. Then they will learn, become informed investors in Bitcoin, and the cycle will continue.
@_date: 2019-10-19 16:56:14


@_date: 2019-10-02 22:59:35
1k Tone? Okay. He's very very frequently wrong and certainly you can't independently and repeatedly derive his TA.
@_date: 2019-10-27 16:46:24
Are you associated to ellipal? I see you making a lot of comments about that one provider and setting up posts where others talk about it.
I wouldn't trust a product that hasn't gone through a severe review, and as far as I can see ellipal has not seen any significant review.
Check out Jameson Lopp's [reviews]( for example. He has done several series of reviews and they are very high quality.
@_date: 2019-10-17 13:43:16
This prophecy stuff is easily the stupidest thing on this sub lately. I have no appreciation for why anyone gives it any consideration at all. There's nothing "fun" about it. It's just a stupid and wrong prediction.
@_date: 2016-12-10 20:30:53
LN users will most likely be buying goods and services as this is the most obvious and frequently opined use case for 0-conf, and thus LN users represent an eventual bitcoin divestment somewhere down the supply chain. In this way LN is primarily a downward price pressure.
Unless this increased "selling" of BTC through the LN is offset by an equal amount of purchasing to hold bitcoin and act as a lightning node, or an increase in the transactional volume of bitcoin significant enough to require an increase in bitcoin valuation to store the transactional volume, then the net effect of LN will likely be a downwards price movement at least in the short term. If people who are already holding bitcoin and not spending compose the majority of LN locked funds, or if the network doesn't rapidly scale in new users and transactional volume, LN will necessarily be a downward pressure on price if used by end users at any scale.
@_date: 2019-10-11 01:28:29
They also have Bitcoin ATM's if you're in a pinch.
@_date: 2019-10-22 19:19:17
This post isn't an invitation to debate politics, please keep any conversation about Bitcoin. Politics are off topic for this sub.
@_date: 2016-12-10 20:13:30
Why is this here? I don't mind reporting on this, but I do mind the misplaced self promotion.
If you are going to cover content like this (and please don't post it here), considering the only tenuous link to this content and your news platform is "blockchain" maybe spend less page space regurgitating their press release and more space questioning how it works, creates consensus, avoids economic attacks, and the other things a blockchain must necessarily accomplish. If those questions can't be meaningfully answered why are you even covering this?
@_date: 2019-10-16 20:31:58
Have been doing this in Canada with  for years.
@_date: 2018-06-14 14:51:41
If you've been around as long as you say you should have seen the "spirit die" all the time. Before r/btc there was r/buttcoin, there was professor bitcorn, there was the same mass media FUD. Constant paranoia and doubt.
We go through cycles based on popular market psychology.
@_date: 2019-10-17 14:01:13
It's a poor wallet for security since it operates in an online environment, a good wallet for features, and the best node available.
I use Core as my full node and keep my wallets behind it via SPV, using it as their full node. I also use it to broadcast air-gap signed transactions.
@_date: 2019-10-24 17:42:39
Why do you as a third party need to be involved at all? The use case you describe does not require your service, nor does anyone need a DNS style look up system for vanity addresses.
@_date: 2019-08-13 21:37:21
This sounds fantastic. Thanks for letting people know!
edit - this weeks meeting log: 
@_date: 2019-10-17 00:04:51
This kind of post is better made in the daily thread for future reference. Going to leave it up because there are lots of comments already and it's so downvoted I don't think it will be cluttering the front page.
@_date: 2018-06-02 14:48:24
How does paying a rentacop stop someone at the bank from intercepting the transfer or from the outrageous exchange rates? Did any of you guys read the article?
@_date: 2017-01-15 20:16:32
You've mistaken decentralized for distributed. You are describing distributed, even redundancy - not decentralized. Decentralization requires no central points of authority or failure. 
The internet is not decentralized, it's distributed. There is a small group of authorities (exceptionally small relative to the whole of the internet using population) able to describe the speed of the network, whether nodes are communicating on the network at all, manipulate data traveling through those nodes. There are a small number of infrastructures which, when disabled, isolate the internet geographically. 
That's not decentralized. The internet network is fault tolerant and distributed for certain, but it isn't decentralized. Decentralized protocols solving the Byzantine generals problem we're only proven plausible with the advent of PoW and Blockchain.
So you're right, there is a misconception about what decentralization means - and you're contributing to it.
@_date: 2018-06-19 17:06:11
I don't understand why so so many Bitcoin users think a custodial Bitcoin company is different from a bank.
NOT YOUR KEYS NOT YOUR BITCOIN.
@_date: 2019-10-18 14:37:23
Everyone I know spent years telling me how wrong I was and to get out. Colleagues, family, friends, girlfriends. One GF even broke up with me over it, demanding if I loved her I would have dumped my BTC "for us". They all shut right up in 2017 and many have since bought some of their own. It helps having a significant knowledge about bitcoin and how it functions, my colleagues were for sure the first to make the positive turn after many technical discussions.
People are right to be worried about wrench attacks. IMO a good tact is to keep your bitcoin savings so inaccessible that even you can't get them without significant time and effort.
@_date: 2019-10-21 17:52:51
I don't consider the issue to be one of promoting competing chains or projects, that's not what that post is.
We remove a lot of off topic content, though frankly no one is really talking about Craig outside that single meme post which is popular enough that it's hard to justify removing. Similarly with the gold one that was at the top the day before where the entire threads content was basically a collective shitting on the mods and the sub (despite very few reports).
If you don't feel content is following the rules, please use the report button.
I can't speak for anyone else but IMO the low quality memes are the most difficult to mod. Unlike repetitive content or off topic content they often shoot straight to the top of the page, and their "quality" is often subjective. I'm sorry that having a single meme on the front page that mentions craig has impacted your r/bitcoin experience, but with a sub this big and passionate that's sometimes just how it has to go.
@_date: 2019-10-10 17:59:42
Just because some of the mods don't engage in altcoins or they refute the false information coming from those camps doesn't make them misinformed. Many of us have become intimately familiar with the details of most popular alts in the process of refuting misinformation in this community since a time when litecoin was the only alt.
@_date: 2019-10-20 18:36:45
Yeah that's true, but like you correctly point out there are some good use cases for hodl style invoices. It would be nice to be able to know if I am potentially transacting with a partner who is likely to be unresponsive for the duration of the invoice as opposed to a service I am actively engaging in with properties like temporary deposit or refunding.
@_date: 2019-08-21 20:58:43
You might be interested in this article from [bitmex research]( From the abstract: 


TL;DR: Who runs the core repository isn't nearly as important to the Bitcoin network as the political awareness of node runners choosing the software they run.
@_date: 2019-10-10 14:30:46
You seem to have severely misunderstood what Bitcoin is.
It is not a protocol for *price consensus*. You may think of the markets that trade its token as that, but that's not either what the token represents or what the protocol is designed to achieve consensus for. The consensus is one of state, not price, and the means of consensus being validation rules and hashpower, not market activity.
You are so focused on bitcoin (little b) that you have completely ignored Bitcoin (big B) which is where bitcoin's token value is derived. You're missing the forest for the trees. Without the protocol being robust and full of economic and security actors there is no token value to even speculate on and the properties of money you value never emerge.
Stop thinking of Bitcoin like a business or marketplace and all the things you "don't get" like "why aren't lower fee coins more competitive?" immediately make sense. They aren't competitive because they have neither the same kind of decentralized state consensus as Bitcoin or they lack it's protocol participants. The fees don't matter near as much as people like you think they do, the fees aren't what make bitcoin unique. It will ALWAYS be cheaper to update a centralized datastore's state than a decentralized  one, you shouldn't be using fees as your barometer of value in this space.
As for all the specific use cases you list, they are only use cases that matter if your cryptocurrency is actually decentralized and unassailable. Otherwise you have actors like the SEC stepping it like they did with ethereum and forced the dao fork. A uniquely decentralized protocol has to come first, and no other coin comes close to Bitcoin in that regard. It's the only thing of value in this entire space.
@_date: 2019-10-11 14:51:00
The issue is the laws in your country and the means you use of acquiring bitcoin. Not bitcoin itself. I live in Canada and have never had to wait more than 2 hours and as quick as 20 minute for deposit purchase and withdrawal - all three.
@_date: 2019-10-24 16:27:46
You are clearly going out of your way to look for these low vote discussions just to complain about them. Of the last 3 posts you have made this complaint about in the last 3 hours the only one that got any traction was removed. Maybe don't go digging for this stuff if you don't care to see it.
@_date: 2019-10-19 13:59:52
This isn't the right place to solicit relationships with miners to become an OTC broker.
You should become a registered financial services provider in your jurisdiction and approach miners directly.. As is no one should have any reason to trust you with OTC exchanges that large.
@_date: 2018-06-19 20:41:55
No. Ironically, since its proposal decades ago PoS has perpetually suffered from the "nothing at stake" problem.
A good, recent examination on the state of PoS and modern solutions such as Ethereums current Casper EIP: 
@_date: 2018-06-09 15:04:16
Of course it does. Are you asserting chain analysis defeats existing fungibility solutions? My understanding is it does not.
@_date: 2019-10-03 18:08:44
Bitcoin, really any monetary policy, is a tool. Like all money it can be used for applications across the entire moral and political spectrum - to oppress and liberate. As a tool to oppress however it's a poor substitute for traditional fiat and always enables the liberation of users to a global economy removed from their local one.
It's not a tool for removing or even improving wealth inequality. Bitcoins function isn't to stop unethical applications of money or evenly redistribute wealth - and IMO that's fine. Some problems are social, not technical.
@_date: 2018-06-07 16:15:55
The most they will have gained is the same transparency as the base blockchain. I say let them spend all the money they can building our payments network infrastructure if they just want to be voyeuristic. 
@_date: 2019-10-20 15:01:26
You think users should be running and managing multiple lightning nodes and locking up funds redundantly between them and "lightning rod" nodes? All while lightning senders funds are now, instead of being lightning fast, held in prolonged limbo?
I can't agree at all. If this became popular I would want my lightning node to warn me before filling such an invoice so I could choose not to.
Lightning requires you be online to use and to be secure. Watchtower and channel closing locktimes are a means to deal with connectivity issues and brief absences from the network, not a means of enabling often offline nodes securely. To me that's the end of the story.
@_date: 2019-08-31 20:32:45
If RSK wants my attention back they need to drop the 20% developers fee, stop ICOing their own coins in layers on top of RSK that are entirely unnecessary,  propose a realistic BIP for a trustless peg to dissolve their federation (unlike their currently wholly unsupported BIP), and stop running privately with registration barriers in a controlled environment.
They've just made too many fundamental mistakes for me to take the project seriously.
@_date: 2016-12-17 18:36:15
Which makes a "private blockchain" not a blockchain because of lack of the consensus mechanism. You just made exactly my point for me and reiterated what I said. The only way you can call a private blockchain a blockchain is if your defenition of blockchain is so generalized that you are essentially calling any immutable store a blockchain.
@_date: 2018-06-09 22:35:01
You're right, the carelessness is the root cause in both these instances. Being your own bank demands diligence.
@_date: 2019-10-17 00:35:42
I'm afraid you have a virus or other form of malware. Your coins are gone.
A reminder to sign transactions air gapped/offline for safety and double check addresses before sending.
@_date: 2018-06-11 20:17:08
No. I absolutely do not want a Bitcoin integration in reddit beyond paying for gold.  I hope tipping bots continue to be banned from most subreddits.
Tipping creates a culture of begging and self congratulation I don't enjoy. Content can become very spammy. If you want to tip someone engage them over DM.
@_date: 2019-10-23 23:18:27
A lot of opinions about bitcoin are grossly misinformed across the entire world and political spectrum. Bitcoin is a new paradigm and touches on cross discipline complexities. People don't understand. They think it has an environmental problem despite it being the largest consumer of renewables curtailment in the world with a total carbon footprint between 10 and 20 MT CO2 equivalent according to three independent research sources in Coinshares, Cambridge, and the IEA. They also think it needs to be regulated due to a fundamental misunderstanding about how bitcoin functions and the game theory factors/cryptography securing it. To a degree they are right without knowing it, custodial companies need regulation, not bitcoin, but they don't understand enough to make the distinction.
While this group of people covers every background and expertise, the brilliant and the dumb, it also includes two people I deeply respect in Chomsky and Wolff. You can search the sub for their comments. In wolff's case it devolves into comparisons to centralized companies like uber "innovating" to find ways to pay people less and skirt regulators. He has entirely misunderstood that there are no employees being abused by a company that is "bitcoin". That doesn't invalidate anything else he thinks, but it does mean he has no clue how bitcoin functions. between the depth of understanding and research required to "get" bitcoin and with typically dismissive thoughts about its environmental impact or lack of government oversight, it's very easy to dismiss or not seriously consider. The lefts leaders have been slow to come around, but that's fine. I don't need people I respect to understand every subject or never be wrong.
@_date: 2018-06-12 15:37:44
They can believe whatever they want. They're wrong and Bitcoin doesn't care. They either come now out of their own good sense or they will be buying in later, because one way or another Bitcoin is going to be a global medium of exchange, wealth storage, and trust.
@_date: 2019-10-13 23:50:32


Over confidence in a negligible sample size too.
Just stating the facts.
@_date: 2019-06-10 22:12:38
CCN isn't news they are a cancer. Good riddance, and bravo to google for not directing people to poor sources of information.
@_date: 2019-10-27 17:46:00
Great news! Thanks for the continued work you do for the community.
@_date: 2019-10-17 17:40:49
Green wallet by blockstream is my mobile/small value SPV wallet of choice.
@_date: 2019-10-29 16:28:44
@_date: 2019-10-17 20:45:09
yep. checking my mempool, checking my lightning dashboard, synching my spv wallets, checking my cold storage.
I assume you don't? "Lol"?
@_date: 2018-06-20 00:57:53
No it's not bad because it's corporate, we need corporations who employ people and create revenue and taxes and society. This is something new, decentralization. We need it too, because it can reduce our need to trust our peers. One doesn't replace the other, they are congruent. Why in the world would we want to ruin this new thing by making it exactly like the thing we already have? Both are valuable, replicating the resource we already have is a waste of time when there is something new and complimentary to our existing resources we could have.
Coinbase et al are constantly moving the crypto ecosystem closer to the traditional centralized structure. Why in the world would that be a good thing? Has nothing to do with them being corporations - I've worked for many corporations and most people do. Has to do with them destroying a unique and valuable space with their ignorance and narrow thinking. Much as your thinking is narrow.
@_date: 2019-08-26 16:56:00
But by your own definition pruned nodes ARE full nodes. You don't have three definitions you still only have two - archival and pruned - and you are defining both as full. I expect the only "nodes" you wouldn't consider full aren't so much nodes at all but SPV or neutrino clients.
Archival nodes aren't merely for archival purposes. The intent is to be the functional infrastructure of the bitcoin network and the default node configuration. Calling them archival nodes plays into the idea being perpetuated by the ethereum camp that archival nodes are largely unnecessary, they are just for archiving transactions for your personal use. "Full" on the other hand can imply not only fully validating but has the full blockchain and is a full bitcoin service provider.
Doesn't really matter at the end of the day, it's literally a semantic argument. Call ~~archival~~ full nodes unicorn farts if it's what gets people running one.
@_date: 2019-10-30 14:46:06
Please do more research before you proudly claim bcash talking points as your own like "lightning doesn't scale". See you tomorrow.
@_date: 2018-06-11 13:51:35
Only up to a certain dollar value per account holder (usually 100k) and assuming the insurance agency isn't put out of business by the coverage it has to give out. The assurances you get out of a bank are specific and limited and it doesn't include that the money is guaranteed to exist.
@_date: 2019-08-07 15:40:40
Now read all the BIPs!
@_date: 2019-10-03 06:01:04
I'm put my returns holding and trading the last 6 years against Tones trading any day of the week.
@_date: 2016-12-14 16:51:37
I'm a developer. I've been engaged in bitcoin and cryptocurrency for 4 years. I'm heavily invested in the success of bitcoin. Are you suggesting that the people who don't agree with you such as myself are missing some obvious truth? I think it's more likely you're missing a nuanced truth, and that truth is that security and network integrity must always come first as they are the value of the protocol and token.
I fully expect the economic context of bitcoin to change. I expect common use cases to shift, I expect that some things that are currently possible will at some point be less viable and new use cases will emerge. This truth really bothers some people and they are very keen to fight it, but there is no fighting it. It's just the contextual reality. The technical reality. The economic reality. These are the realities you have to deal in with a globally decentralized economic security model.
@_date: 2016-12-12 22:09:14
Whatever you want to tell yourself. Whenever one of my clients ask me to make them a private blockchain, I just explain to them that while it's technically possible it's the absolute wrong tool for the job. You want carefully permissioned private data without an economic security model? Look into traditional solutions, not blockchains.
@_date: 2018-06-11 00:44:12
If you aren't gambling more than you can afford to lose and have a steady job it's easy to buy the dips over the bear runs and come out amazingly ahead on the bull runs over years. You call it losing money I call it time to buy.
@_date: 2018-06-20 02:19:31


No it doesn't. How is the merchant a lightning user? How is anyone using these services custodially, as most users do, a lightning or bitcoin user?
They aren't servicing lightning users, lightning users are not their users - are not making an account with Square. Lightning users are paying Squares users. Squares users are not on lightning or Bitcoin.
You should take the number of times you've said "huh" in this conversation as indicative of your understanding of the subject. I do.
@_date: 2019-10-17 13:37:11
This is absolutely right. I won't be recommending OpenNode to anyone since they have gone the same route as BitPay.
They claim they don't have a choice but they do. Pick up your business and move to a less draconian jurisdiction than the US.
@_date: 2019-10-24 16:41:25
Sorry, no. The best you can do is contact your local police and coinbase though you won't be getting your bitcoin back.
Bitcoin is tantamount to personal responsibility. It's irreversible. As far as lessons go $150 isn't so bad, I've seen worse.
@_date: 2019-10-17 00:32:49
Please be aware this is the only self promotion post you get for your service as per the sub rules. Feel free to use the self serve ad platform in the future.
@_date: 2019-10-17 01:24:01
You can make fiat payments via bitcoin directly with usaa? If so that's pretty great. Unfortunately I suspect you're being facetious.
@_date: 2019-10-11 00:25:29
LN is a protocol to transfer ownership and manage state of whatever you're keeping in the channel you can unlock. In this case, bitcoin. Please don't spread misinformation.
@_date: 2019-10-02 19:28:09
I looked at both, neither are about Bitcoin at all, which is fundamentally different from a stock. These shallow perspectives and misapplied tools derive entirely from an incorrect view that bitcoin is its price, and as such its price can be meaningfully extrapolated into conclusions - but it isn't.
@_date: 2016-12-11 16:21:07
It's a very real risk for a large number of these investment vehicles and not one to be taken lightly. I only just escaped gox, mintpal, and bitfinex. In gox and mintpals case there was a stink in the air before everything went sideways that made me remove my funds, in the bitfinex case it was just sheer dumb luck that I had recently stopped using it. Trust your coins with someone else for long enough and they WILL have a security incident, so consider that when engaging in any investment vehicle requiring giving someone else your coins. If your risk profile doesn't allow that kind of behavior, your best bet are things like JoinMarket or the upcoming Lightning.
@_date: 2018-06-19 23:45:53


No problem, pull your phone out of your pocket. See that? It's your NFC POS terminal! Amazing!
@_date: 2019-06-28 16:56:56
Coinbase is an enemy of the Bitcoin protocol. Don't support people who attack Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-10-17 14:38:09
Make a throwaway account and post in r/bitcoinbeginners.
Discord is not private.
@_date: 2019-10-11 17:04:38
That's called confirmation bias.
@_date: 2019-10-24 19:18:28
I will reapprove this post as an introduction of your services. Thank you for explaining them fully to me and sorry for the trouble.
@_date: 2019-10-07 14:33:37
All of the issues you describe are really the same singular issue: bad operational security.
First, you should never let your keys or seed touch an online device, always sign air gapped. That removes the possibility of about 6 of these issues.
Next use the right security model for your needs. Typically you should tier your wallets like you would other money. Keep a small amount highly accessible and the majority highly inaccessible. For small amounts use a hardware wallet, and if a family member steals it along with your pin somehow it is a lesson worth the few hundred dollars it at most cost. If you are talking long term cold storage requiring high security use something like  which includes provisions for an arbitrary number of multisig keys meaning if you lose a few or forget their passwords it's not a huge deal. It also means you can disperse keys to loved ones without fear they can steal your coins until you die since they would need more than just the key you gave them. You can even disperse keys to remote locations making it very time consuming and impossible for someone to impulsively steal. You can also timelock bitcoin, making it so they won't move at all until a given block height. 
Finally, don't store your keys in plaintext. Encrypt them. Then the issue of losing them is substantially less severe and your coins can't be stolen until the encryption is cracked or removed. If you are worried about forgetting your passwords keep a reminder somewhere unrelated and obfuscated.
I also think you've ignored a lot of security issues with cash and gold. How can I safely transport significant sums of it for example? It's big and heavy and obvious I am moving it, I can only fit so many thousands of dollars in my pockets and have it not be obvious. What about the courts being used against you to confiscate your wealth? Or the government, or even just the banks confiscating or freezing it? Confiscated at borders, legal and illegal checkpoints, and can be found with a simple search of a person. You can lose it, destroy it accidentally. Every time I've ever been robbed it was for fiat, not bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-10-09 23:36:29
Bitcoin is a protocol of consensus. The valuable properties come from the people engaging in that protocol. Developmentally, economically, and as security actors. It is not a business or stock and does not succeed or fail under the same conditions.
That they have similar reference clients isn't really relevant to the properties of value produced by the network. This is why there are tens of thousands of bitcoin code forks and only one bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-10-18 13:35:58
Abusive to other users and repeated ban evading. He's frequently misogynistic and off topic as well.
@_date: 2019-10-20 14:46:21
I think you're conflating wallet provider and last hop routing node.
I'll be honest  this setup seems really impractical. I have no way to make sure my last hop provider is always a single party running this service unless I have only one channel open. Also, for practical reasons of usability, invoices typically have relatively short expiry times. LND defaults to 3600 seconds I believe.
Lightning requires users to be online to secure and use their channels, even with watchtowers and long channel close times you should be online as much as is possible. This whole idea seems backwards. Lightning isn't an offline service.
@_date: 2019-10-11 15:36:49
I would never ever use CB. They are anti-bitcoin and anti-consumer.
@_date: 2019-10-20 23:28:43
Yes to both. I'm also a mod here.
Again, you have no clue what you're talking about.
@_date: 2019-10-02 19:14:49


Cite a source relevant to this space specifically or you're making my point for me by being one of the many people misapplying strategies relevant to stock markets to bitcoin. You're arguing against a strawman that says all TA in every application is useless but that's not what I claimed. I have specifically said that traditional TA is universally misapplied to Bitcoin which is then exactly what you did.
@_date: 2019-02-01 18:40:23
When I was day trading an effective use of leverage would enable the majority of my funds to stay off exchanges, where it could still be sent to back a position and reduce leverage if necessary but wasn't subject to counterparty risk 99% of the time. This coupled with moving exchanges every time there is any FUD floating around has kept me safe from several failed exchanges.
@_date: 2018-06-09 14:59:09
They already are at an end, they have been at an end since 2013 when coinjoin gained enough liquidity. We've also got options in altcoin swaps, non KYC exchanges, and LN now. Aren't you talking about a problem that has had in place solutions for years - let alone all the new fungibility solutions coming in place??
@_date: 2019-06-26 23:04:24
Ignore this troll. He's been posting bashing Bitcoin for months in other subs, predicting bitcoin is about to "really take a suicide cliff dive."
Lying on the internet for attention is pretty pathetic mate. Is life going so poorly that you have to invent triumphs?
@_date: 2019-02-01 19:14:48
You have to plan your stop losses and under what conditions you will back your position carefully. You can even automate the backing of your position if necessary with a script that sends to the exchange.
It's a delicate dance, but IMO it's the smart way to trade.
@_date: 2019-02-02 20:42:38
You're embarrassing yourself and potentially harming others. Please stop telling people to leave their systems unsecured because you got a false positive on a virus scan.
I'm not prone to appeals to authority, but you have genuinely no experience or clue in this field and should leave it to the professionals.
@_date: 2019-02-02 21:41:37
Where have I ever suggested Windows is a better security platform than *nix? You're arguing with your imagination. I have explicitly said using Linux is not a replacement for good security practices, including antimalware and antiviral measures.
@_date: 2019-02-03 18:38:34
I'm glad we have professional security auditors like you on the job, unhindered by things like long term memory, ready to make sure history doesn't repeat itself.
@_date: 2019-10-22 18:44:43
Please stop spamming self promoting links.
@_date: 2019-02-16 15:20:47
Why in the world wouldn't you choose to do it like the twitter chain and do all transactions on LN? It's not like there aren't twitter tip bots they could have used, it's an intentional decision to use actual lightning.That's the entire point. Introducing tipbot into the equation defeats that point. Not a good idea.
@_date: 2019-02-16 03:11:06
They really don't. Do you not think that blockchain implementations also use databases, or that blockchain run by a single entity has any immutability properties a linked list doesn't? Bitcoin uses Berkeley DB, and blockchain is just a tool in the real thing of value in this space: consensus. They aren't solving problems of consensus or immutability, they run the whole show.
It's typical buzzword theater.
@_date: 2019-06-18 16:11:38
Why is publicity by association to a "coin" that has nothing to do with decentralization, proof of work, or this space in general good or on topic for this subreddit?
The end goal isn't publicity by hitching our wagon to every name that rolls by. This subreddit doesn't exist to boost bitcoins price by any means necessary. That's an altcoin thing.
@_date: 2019-02-16 04:14:40
People raving that blockchain is going to be revolutionary don't know how Bitcoins valuable properties emerge. Blockchain is a mirage created by the very people who have been insisting Bitcoin is pointless for a decade, who not understanding how Bitcoin functions want to apply the beneficial properties they wrongly think a blockchain gives them to their own operations in an ecosystem they can control.
@_date: 2019-02-01 22:19:20
According to the court filings no one knows where the keys are, though the widow has access to an encrypted laptop the hired recovery expert has as of yet got nothing of value from it.
@_date: 2019-10-20 15:18:09
I don't have a problem with some applications of hodl invoices, just offline ones.
@_date: 2019-02-02 21:38:46
You know what they say about assumptions.
@_date: 2019-10-24 15:46:22
Or you could try reporting content you feel is exceptionally low quality or too focused on price or if there are too many memes and maybe it will get removed and be a better place for everyone. Maybe.
@_date: 2019-02-28 19:44:01
Coinbase users are most often not Bitcoin users. They never interact with the protocol or token in any way, they are Coinbase users holding CoinbaseCoin and CoinbaseBucks.
That's not Bitcoin adoption.
@_date: 2019-02-16 22:29:37
The problem is that like all marketing, it can be very deceptive. This is true for "blockchain" like many others.
@_date: 2019-02-19 06:14:41
The bitcoin foundation is at best pointless and at worst harmful. Thankfully the only ones they seem to be harming these days are themselves.
No one likes bitlicense, so just take your business elsewhere to punish the state for their missteps.
@_date: 2019-06-16 17:30:27
The problem with CMC isn't the denomination, it's the metric of market cap not being non-wash trade volume weighted. As is it is so misleading and game-able as to be useless.
@_date: 2019-02-16 03:45:15
There are degrees of immutability. Bitcoins immutability comes from PoW. Attacks cost money and are of limited impact. Those properties don't come from a blockchain, but the cost to append to the blockchain. A private blockchain has no such cost.
You are better suited comparing private blockchains to linked lists in terms of immutability than you are comparing them to Bitcoin. Bitcoin is an entire other beast and unique immutability model, private blockchains aren't doing anything we haven't been able to do for decades. Most often doing it in the most absurd and inefficient way possible. To say Bitcoin isn't perfectly immutable is to miss the enormous gulf in mutability between things like constant variables, linked lists, private blockchains, and then PoW Bitcoin on the entire opposite end of the spectrum.
@_date: 2019-06-09 15:39:07
Blockchain is worthless without PoW. You better hope the aliens don't come back and wipe us out when they realize they've been sold snake oil.
@_date: 2019-10-18 13:32:38
Running a node is the protocol, and watch only addresses are for sure encouraged. Not to mention I'm obviously on here and other bitcoin communities constantly keeping up with development. 
I don't think you have a clue what you're talking about.
@_date: 2019-02-05 23:32:44
A shill doesn't require being paid as their incentive to shill.
My opinion wasn't based on a single badly handled cheque, but the many factors I have listed in this discussion. As I already note, I didn't stop using Quadriga until the withdrawals started getting cancelled and delayed and there was an acknowledged eth hack. All of that coupled with the lack of any physical office or public communication methods, the constant horror stories emerging from the other quadriga users, and the growing narrative of seized funds from CIBC further informed the evidence users should exit the exchange. That Quadriga was having solvency issues. This is the exact argument we were having which devolved into the semantic argument about the definition of solvency. You heard this exact warning and were so upset by it that you are still arguing with me about it to this day.
You can call it something other than lying if you want. Call it being wrong. Call it being oblivious to the patterns every failing exchange exhibits. I'll concede I can't prove the intent behind your words was malicious, just the result damaging and your actions dangerous.
@_date: 2019-06-08 17:58:56
This is why they were leading the charge for bigger blocks. It saves them time and money, effectively subsidizing their business costs and enabling them to be wasteful with their blockchain use.
@_date: 2018-06-19 22:52:47
You're painfully oblivious. Suggesting it's delusion to comment that companies have an interest in and have previously attempted to change Bitcoin as a protocol, claiming it requires a bespoke commerce platform to accept fiat and BTC. You have absolutely no clue what you're talking about. You should try to accept fiat and BTC sometime - it's as simple as integrating a paypal pay now button and installing BTCPay woocommerce plugin. No commerce platform or massive development effort necessary. Just copy and paste the code into your site and install the required plugins.
@_date: 2019-02-27 15:03:31
Price is not protocol. Bitcoin is a revolution in trust models at any price. I'm sorry your view of Bitcoin is so shallow and technically inept that you can't see past what people are selling them for.
@_date: 2019-06-10 00:58:57
Always. Most people have difficulty appreciating the herculean development effort and diligence that goes into the creation of a decentralized sound money. Even and especially developers in other crypto ecosystems or coming from traditional software development. Bitcoin is a very unique software project.
@_date: 2019-02-19 22:42:56
No kidding, but that doesn't change the fact that they organized businesses with a majority of the economic activity in the space, a majority of miners, and attempted to assert their consensus as the protocols consensus. It was a failed attack on consensus, and not at all a minor one.
@_date: 2019-02-19 20:13:19
There was an enormous fight about consensus. Do you not remember the NYA or the 3 year fight over segwit? How the frankly dangerous UASF proposal and a delusion about S2X was the only thing that got segwit enabled, and enabling segwit was the entire reason BCH forked? The attack on brand only happened after the failed attack on consensus.
@_date: 2019-02-03 04:43:34
What's insane about expecting users to google the exchanges they are trusting their money with?
@_date: 2019-10-17 13:54:11
The Mk3 looks awesome. The backlog does not. Was going to make an impulse purchase but I guess I might as well hold off and see how others like them and the backlog gets sorted out.
@_date: 2019-02-02 19:55:39
I sure do: 
Don't be intimidated by the 10 hour file, I link to the specific part of the discussion at 1h44m26s and it is a 6 and a half minute discussion.
@_date: 2019-02-22 16:04:34
There is so much personality worship from this sub, it doesn't make any sense for a community without authority figures. Someone asked me a while ago who my favorite bitcoin celebrity was and I did a full spit take. There are no Bitcoin celebrities and if you think there are it's because you are elevating them and you should stop.
@_date: 2019-02-01 18:38:26
Quadriga was having issues since last January. It was public knowledge they were dealing with the cibc locked funds and withdrawals were not going out in October. You insisting there was nothing to learn doesn't make it true.
@_date: 2019-02-02 18:28:16
They should be held criminally liable for accepting deposits and advertising known false withdrawal times. They won't be, but that's what would be morally correct.
It's hard for me to appreciate what information is available at a quick glimpse. I've known Quadriga since they started up a few blocks from my house. I've been actively telling people to get out of Quadriga for a year now to the point where I have been banned from every Quadriga controlled platform and probably risk legal repercussions if my claims had been inaccurate. From my perspective in the trenches it's non-stop talk about the fraud being perpetuated by Quadriga. 
It is so difficult to be a Canadian Bitcoiner today. We need to put pressure on the banks and politicians to get off their ass and enable participation in the new world economy.
@_date: 2019-10-11 15:50:18


@_date: 2019-02-02 17:24:30
If you want to make excuses for yourselves you can keep making them forever. I've never owned a hardware wallet and have been securing my keys since 2013. If you think there were no wallets or feedback in 2017 you didn't do your research. There have been functional key exporting wallets since 2009.
@_date: 2019-10-17 18:10:49
A lot of us aren't here for the price at all. Most people start out obsessing with price, but after a few years it becomes all about the protocol.
@_date: 2019-02-09 07:36:12
We're at the same transaction levels as last January with fees of a couple cents. Future fee events will happen, and off chain solutions will be the savior for those unable or unwilling to suffer them.
@_date: 2019-02-06 06:41:57
I have come to view you not as a shill or a liar, because you are right I can't read your mind and speak to intent. I do view you as dangerous and wilfully ignorant. You want to operate on facts when what is required is inference. Mind you, you're perfectly happy to infer when it's about painting me as a participant in that fraud. I see a person defending their bruised ego, not a consistent and logical application of the facts. Have a good day.
@_date: 2019-02-15 15:22:26
That message is because of the version signalling that still exists post segwit fight. It is miners still being pouty for the most part.
@_date: 2019-02-01 22:31:52
I strongly disagree. Regulation doesn't solve the inherent problems of human fallibility and no insurer wants to touch hundreds of millions in crypto liability.
The lesson here is exchanges need to be as low trust as possible, need to self fund public insurance funds, and engage in proof of reserves such as those made possible by this tool: 
@_date: 2019-02-02 22:59:38
Not *purely* custodial. I really appreciate how bluewallet very clearly presents the user with the option to run their own backend service on top of their own lnd node. I want to see more custodial wallets putting those options and instructions front and center.
@_date: 2019-02-28 20:33:34
Because it's impossible for the 10k listening nodes to service 50k new SPV users a day when they can only service 20 SPV wallets each and in reality service far fewer. The total of full nodes + possible SPV wallets is lower than Coinbases total sign ups, and that's assuming Coinbase was the only Bitcoin on ramp in the world.
@_date: 2019-02-19 15:41:34
There is one principle that the hostile attack on consensus involving the NYA, BCH fork, segwit, UASF and S2X all demonstrated -  the Nash equilibrium securing Bitcoin works. Even when the participants want to claw each others eyes out, when they would much rather engage in attacks and misinformation campaigns and shady politics than work together, they will still keep supporting and mining Bitcoin. The incentives of the network keep everyone more or less in line. Bitmain still mines BTC, all the NYA companies still get most of their business from BTC. They need bitcoin.
So huff and puff all you want, threaten to blow the house down. The next time nearly every company of significance in this space and the majority of miners decide bitcoin is theirs to define the rest of the network participants won't blink. We know it's all hot air and you need us more than we need you.
@_date: 2019-06-09 19:14:34
Not sure why they posted this so many months after the fact, but the original report is quite a good read on renewables curtailment and I found their methodology quite convincing.
@_date: 2019-10-11 18:06:02
It's whatever you use it for. It doesn't need to be cash to you, and it doesn't need to be a store of value for others. I use it as both those things among other use cases.
@_date: 2017-11-07 21:30:03
You have effectively just restated the quoted text. Is your position that the opposing chain to your views should not be doing everything in its power to secure its existence? Thats what banning thses nodes is about, small blockers solving the "problem" created by big blockers that threatens their continued existence. How this description could be anything but an attack is just an absurd game of semantics.
@_date: 2019-02-03 18:35:16
Okay, so bitfinex is unhackable and will never ever lose user funds again. Good to know.
@_date: 2019-02-15 18:21:14
You can see the current transaction backlog here:
Good luck!
It's about priority. Some people will be comfortable waiting an extended period for their transactions to clear for a cheaper price, others will need their transactions to clear immediately and will pay for the privilege. Do what's best for you in your situation.
@_date: 2019-02-28 20:00:37
They were touting [50k+ sign ups a day the last bullrun](  and there are only [~56k Bitcoin nodes pruned/full/listening/non-listening]( The maximum number of SPV connections per full node is 20, and reality is somewhere much lower. Necessarily the vast majority of their users never interact with the protocol. They also touted this themselves in the scaling debate, falsely claiming they represented millions of Bitcoin users. Bitcoin users necessarily represent themselves and Coinbase has neither their coin nor their node. What is true is Coinbase represents millions of Coinbase users.
@_date: 2019-02-03 19:15:18
They aren't a DEX, they are entirely centralized. EOS is entirety centralized. What percentage of their trading volume is even happening over EOS?
@_date: 2019-02-03 17:17:31
Shilling altcoins and making new altcoins isn't the direction we need to be going.
I want to see an exchange use the reserve toolset from the elements project to prove bitcoin reserves.
@_date: 2017-11-08 18:57:04
The only joke in this conversation has been you, and you have returned to arguing with a strawman. I have never denied the role miners play.
As enjoyable as watching you make a fool of yourself is while you deny any other security roles but miners in a thread literally exercising those security roles, I think I'm done here.
As is the customary farewell of your people, "lol".
P.S. I don't think anyone involved in bitcoin 7 years ago is so immature that they end every comment with lol. You're either a baf liar or an unbelievably immature 30 year old. Either way, sad for you.
@_date: 2019-02-17 17:12:26
You can think of lightning as just super fancy Bitcoin transactions that don't need to be published to the blockchain all the time. Lightning literally is Bitcoin, not a fork.
@_date: 2017-11-26 20:42:22
Provincial mandated and provided healthcare, provincial mandated and provided insurance - all the crown corporations. These are fairly collectivist policies and while you may not call it socialist a great many do.
@_date: 2019-02-02 20:49:03
By using the best industry practices? Yes, obviously I should be fired for not bypassing every security standard in the industry and reinventing the wheel the way a genius like you would.
@_date: 2019-02-26 16:04:32
He says when the price is down it's a good opportunity to stock up more. How does that equate to never selling or imply that the price is the reason he is a perma bull?
Your entire view is warped. He's 100% correct.
You should always be buying bitcoin regardless of the price - a view he doesn't say but you impose on him. He literally is saying buy when the price is down to stock up, but that aside for a moment. As someone who has been buying regardless of price for over half of Bitcoins life let me tell you, it's a pretty great savings strategy whether you're buying at 20k or 3k. I'm beating the hell out of those traders who keep trying to find the bottoms and tops.
Even if it wasn't about price - I buy because I want to control my own wealth. Do I buy more when the price is low? I do. Do I buy less when the price is 20k? A bit less, yep. I'm still always buying because I always have use for more.
@_date: 2019-02-21 03:10:22
It's about trust and trade offs. if you don't want to trust you must to run a full node. Everything short of a full node requires a trade off in trust somewhere.
@_date: 2019-02-02 05:40:03
You're still in denial. I would feel bad for you if you weren't hurting other people. There was no counter evidence, just counter delusions. You still don't even understand that Quadrigas lawyers nor staff are in possession of the bank drafts, it's still billerfys lawyers as was again repeated today in the posted phone conversation.
You clearly lost something and I am genuinely sorry for it, but you aren't helping yourself or anyone else by continuing to live in denial. Your grief aside, you've caused people to enter and keep their money in this clearly insolvent exchange while I have been ushering them out for a year and I am the bad human? I'm trying to help the people who are falling victim to your false assurances.
@_date: 2019-02-03 17:51:49
You realize bitfinex was hacked and tokenized their loss, right?
@_date: 2019-06-01 20:29:37
For a list of resources both beginner and advanced check out 
The first link is an ELI5:
@_date: 2019-06-18 18:45:16
The court sealed the documents, enabling craig to continue his lies.
@_date: 2019-02-02 20:31:05
Better bypassed all together? I think not. That's some dangerous advice you're giving. Security professionals aren't just installing norton antivirus and moving on with their day you know. 
@_date: 2019-06-19 17:29:19
I'm looking forward to 5 of the top ten front page posts not being about facebook and their bitcoin unrelated garbage. Even most of the daily parent comments are about it.
The signal to noise ratio is terrible right now.
@_date: 2019-02-06 01:57:03
I cannot believe the walls of text you will use to attempt to justify the fact that you caused harm to your peers.
Yes other people were spreading buttcoin FUD. That's how you came to view every critical opinion, including my own, as buttcoin FUD.
I can't possibly be bothered to continue this absurd game with you. You can't even acknowledge the fundamental facts, like that there was the acknowledged "hack" or ether contract loss or whatever you want to call it. Smart contract lawyering. Everyone else in the world has no problem using the colloquial hack for that incident or the DAO.
You want to fight about the definition of every word endlessly, you can continue it yourself. I retract nothing further. Pursue whatever action you feel appropriate. I maintain I have done nothing to harm your reputation, you have caused all the harm yourself. More than that, the only morons 20+ deep into a 3 weeks old reddit thread are us. Pretending like anyone else has read any of this conversation so you can be indignant is exactly what I have come to expect in our time together. Anything to preserve your ego and the moral high ground.
@_date: 2017-11-26 18:57:00
Yes it is distributed exactly as it should be to achieve decentralization as a network state, the only way we know how to achieve decentralization, but there are some consequences to this which can be roundly described as 'unfair'. Is considering two ideas simultaneously such a stretch for your mind that you immediately have a fit? A lot of medicine has side effects too you know, do you throw your hands in the air whenever someone says their medication is working but they haven't had a solid shit in 2 weeks too?
I'm not sure why noting that most of us, myself included, are white males set you off so badly.


1. You need an education and a general interest to even comprehend the white paper. That excludes an enormous percentage of the population right there.
2. You either needed to be gpu/cpu mining in a very small window of time and have the luxury of a capable computer, or already have a degree of wealth to invest in the broader time frames. Again severely limiting the likely participant pool.
These things are all as they should be for the desired effect of creating a decentralized network, but to pretend that they are fair attributes of a currency or wealth distribution is just silly. There is nothing cognitively dissonant about being aware of the mechanisms by which bitcoin achieves decentralization and the side effects those mechanisms simultaneously create. Cognitive dissonance is seeing only one of those two things, whether its the bitcoiner who thinks they are brilliant because they invested early and it is their sheer brilliance that has landed them their deserved fortune or its a crazed socialist who thinks they are going to start their own communist centralized blockchain to address perceived inequality.
@_date: 2019-06-23 20:26:21
Coinbase has attacked the protocol in the past in a corporate take over attempt. Only new users think Coinbase is a good corporate citizen in the BTC environment.
@_date: 2019-02-26 16:10:45
Permabull does not have to imply price. It can be a statement of outlook. Making everything about price is to make it not about Bitcoin at all.
He has been in Bitcoin since the first year, if you think he is worried about what the price is tomorrow I suspect you are mistaken.
@_date: 2019-02-02 22:22:30
Different tools for different use cases. No matter what OS you are using you still need to properly configure it for your use case.
I like tails live for intermittent and personal use involving sensitive info.
I like Ubuntu desktop for casual web use, development, and media management.
I like CentOS for business services.
I like Windows for VR and gaming.
None of these options says much about the security beyond the default configurations. It's how you apply software that determines its security properties. That's my entire point. These discussions of OS as security in place of how that OS is configured or what it is running are entirely the wrong discussion. Implying to anyone that installing a given OS is enough to keep you safe is just wrong.
@_date: 2019-06-06 20:25:35
Sure is a lot of altcoin crap in here.
@_date: 2019-02-02 01:35:10
I left a list of my favorite parts and links to them in the [original thread](
@_date: 2019-02-26 15:55:05
The price of BTC doesn't play much role in whether I sell or not. I sell when I need a vacation or want to buy something expensive or support a bitcoin business. If I let price decide my selling behavior I'd be broke and in the long line of Quadriga creditors.
@_date: 2017-11-20 01:49:10
This is literally a campaign. Its a bit more than expressed distaste which has also been done to near death.
@_date: 2019-06-18 14:53:58
If it goes with the rest, absolutely.
@_date: 2019-02-03 22:32:23
@_date: 2019-06-01 17:47:15
The fact that such a goal is impossible and no more than manipulative lip service makes it a lot less interesting.
@_date: 2019-02-01 22:49:46
We have BIPS for [Schnorr]( and [Dandelion]( and [SIGHASH_NOINPUT]( Lighting just had their second dev summit and [composed specifications for version 1.1]( [Wasabi]( was released bringing end user frictionless coinjoin to the masses. Decentralized exchanges are growing in both number and volume like [bisq]( and [hodl hodl]( Core has released support for [partially signed transactions](
@_date: 2019-02-01 03:07:19
This is so true, especially once you're no longer in the red from your first bear market. Price and overwhelming mass adoption just aren't important in the face of the individual financial sovereignty Bitcoin has come to mean to me. When I help people it's not because I want to help them get rich quick, it's because I want to share the joy of this new world and culture we are all building together.
@_date: 2019-02-10 08:04:36
That took a sudden sexist turn. Maybe your logician master failed you?
@_date: 2019-06-12 19:22:56
I hope we start removing these altcoin posts. Not sure why facebook being involved exempts them from the off topic rules.
@_date: 2019-02-17 16:25:07
Blockchain isn't where any of these valuable properties come from. PoW and cost to change the blockchain state coupled with decentralized network participants working in a nash equilibrium are where those properties come from. Blockchain is just a buzzword made popular by people who have been calling for bitcoin's death for a decade and continue to misunderstand its mechanisms of operation. 
@_date: 2019-02-04 06:03:48
I am not harassing you, I am saying you are leading your peers to danger and you should be ashamed of yourself.
They started having issues in January, not October. You can tell yourself as many lies as you want, keep insisting you aren't in denial (the hallmark card of being in denial BTW), but that won't change the objective reality around you. You cannot keep insisting there was no way to know you should exit when every warning sign that has been experienced by every other failing exchange was presented to you. You would have stayed in MtGox till the bitter end to and would probably be saying the same denial bullshit too.
You hurt your peers. Telling you that isn't harassment.
@_date: 2019-06-19 19:14:19
No they aren't. They are releasing a centralized gift card with backend data structures pointlessly resembling a blockchain despite them controlling every miner and every federated agent of it.
@_date: 2015-08-15 14:13:41
Wow did you put your foot in your mouth. The URL name is misleading and doesn't really discuss what a 51% attack is, it actually directly addresses why Snowden is wrong and you should click the link.
@_date: 2019-06-16 00:23:05
Learned my lesson in the 2014 altcoin market death and the near loss of my coins in cryptsy and mintpal. Even shorting alts isn't safe.
@_date: 2019-06-18 14:42:31
I'm still not entirely sure why so much talk of Facebook coin is being enabled in the sub. Saying it over and over with "is good for bitcoin" at the end of the sentence doesn't make the content about Bitcoin or less promotional of facebooks centralized garbage.
IMO those posts should all be removed.
@_date: 2019-02-28 22:49:29
Bitcoin is a protocol that is strictly defined. Not an ideology. It isn't gatekeeping to point out that people using Coinbase are not participants in that protocol, it's a statement of facts. Important facts. We need more users of Bitcoin. It makes Bitcoin as a whole more secure, decentralized, and scalable.
@_date: 2017-11-17 23:36:15
I mean you're right, but I imagine he was hoping more devs would join him once btc1 got started. I can't believe his hope was to exist in a technical vacuum. It doesn't even take a competent dev to realize how ambitious a 1 man bitcoin repo take over is. Do you genuinely think he is that stupid? I have difficulty believing he is. I'd sooner accept he is a competent dev who, with a bruised ego, set out to prove something and failed miserably.
@_date: 2017-11-08 03:26:09
You don't need to run a node to be a bitcoin user though it is strongly recommended. If you do I suggest not buying a hosted account and running a node, but instead running a node from your home  if possible. Many nodes already exist in data centers around the world, and both the network and yourself personally are better served by you being entirely in control of your node, the hardware it runs on, and its connection.
@_date: 2019-02-05 02:47:58
Adding normal hyperlinks prefixed by 'lightning:' in the same way you would prefix an email with 'mailto:' does the trick. Follow with the invoice.
@_date: 2017-11-17 23:11:57
May I present to you: your own comment karma in this post? Clearly the mods heard your suggestions and rejected them, clearly the community has heard your suggestions and rejected them. All this tantrum over your refusal to simply go to the many other places which have explicitly what you want. How is that not acting like a selfish spoiled child? You want what you want at the expense of every one else. Seriously, if opening a web browser and navigating to any of the resources provided to you here is so much effort that you'd rather throw this tantrum then why would you expect anyone to give a damn about what you want?
@_date: 2019-06-27 00:06:25
I've spent more effort writing these comments than the button press it took to get your bitcoin related comment history. As far as "long term" investments go you claim to have been in Bitcoin 5 months now and 11 months before.
I hope now that I and others have given you the attention you need you can stop lying on the internet for entertainment and self worth.
@_date: 2019-06-12 18:12:24
The last thing I want the Bitcoin public image to be associated with is this blundering oaf. I'd rather he banned Bitcoin and we get to see Bitcoins censorship resistance speak for itself.
@_date: 2019-02-15 18:00:59
Bitcoin fees are based on the size of the transaction, we measure them in satoshi per byte. Not all transactions are the same size. A transaction of 2 btc that has many smaller inputs will be larger than a transaction of a single 2 btc input. Similarly a transaction from a segwit wallet will be smaller than a transaction from other address types.
When more people are requesting transactions than can be put in a single block - or when miners choose to not include as many transactions as they possibly could - a fee market develops. Transactions such as yours are put in memory while people willing to pay more per byte than you effectively jump in front of the line. Sometimes this lasts a few hours, sometimes days. In the event of attacks or extremely high use it could go on for even longer.
You can yourself jump forward in the line by using a replace by fee (RBF) transaction which is a way to make that same transactions currently in the back of the line but with a higher fee, invalidating the old transaction.
@_date: 2019-02-02 03:55:39
Bitcoin exists to counter this exact manner of financial censorship! It is the cruelest irony you chose to keep them on a US exchange.
@_date: 2019-02-04 16:08:06
It is amazing the lengths you will go to convincing yourself you did nothing wrong. You make me sad for this community as a whole.
The harm you have done is provable and has been proven. Honest to god, anyone capable of the level of self delusion you are engaging in now is a dangerous human being. I pity you, and I pity me for having had to combat your dangerous delusions.
I am no insider, I am a concerned community member who saw the same red flags I have seen a dozen times and tried to help my peers. I do not think you are evil, I think you are a flawed human being unable to acknowledge the harm they have caused because it would crush their ego.
@_date: 2019-02-02 17:45:27
But did you check to see if the exchange you were sending to was even processing withdrawals or did you just assume that because they are a company they must be honest? Every failed exchange so far was a registered company, as are many unrelated scams. Did you not notice Quadriga had a sell price higher than anywhere else by hundreds of dollars? That's because everyone was buying crypto to escape the exchange.
Even if you don't keep up with the news for a full year there are obvious warning signs. Be careful people!
@_date: 2019-02-02 17:47:47
I'm genuinely sorry for your loss. I hope you and other Iranians can learn and move forward with more financial independence.
@_date: 2019-02-01 20:10:10
It's a system of personal responsibility. Of course it is the users fault for abandoning that model and choosing to trust an exchange with insolvency issues that are public knowledge. Who else could possibly be responsible? No one made these people use Quadriga or ignore a years worth of weekly warning signs.
@_date: 2017-11-08 03:45:36
Any hosted account is still hooked to your name and can be tracked to you. If anonymity is your primary concern I would suggest configuring your node to use tor, though that will limit its usefulness to the network as a whole.
@_date: 2019-02-01 02:54:03
That assumes the only barometer of Bitcoins future is the market price. I keep buying because it serves a function, I'm my own bank. More than that the security and development properties of the ecosystem are ever growing, it's a project I want to be involved in much more than throwing a few dollars into Bitcoin.
Traders think like you think, they aren't using Bitcoin for any function at all. Why trade in Bitcoin if you can't ever imagine anyone using it? Either Bitcoin has a strong future value proposition or it doesn't, that hasn't changed between 20k and 3k.
@_date: 2019-02-23 15:23:30
A lot more than 10.5k nodes.
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:54:51
If you seriously think taking the whole worlds population and then starting to divide it by those attributes doesn't exclude the vast majority of the worlds population, you're being outright obtuse. You're lucky to be who you are living the life you are. Pretending that everyone on the globe has the same opportunities as you do is the only thing racist here. 
@_date: 2017-11-15 19:07:11
I will never see Jim Cramer as anything other than a joke after the 2009 Jon Stewart content on him and CNBC. I know Cramer wasn't responsible for the '08 financial crisis but he was a meaningful part of a culture that was.
@_date: 2019-06-09 23:56:49
It's free to audit for yourself if you have a problem with the methodology. Have you even read the report?
@_date: 2019-02-03 02:50:10
I'm not sure what mechanism you imagine it is possible to take anyones coins. Not even a 51% attack can arbitrarily take coins. The attack vector is to lie about the chain state or any other information. That's different from a phishing attack since there is no interception of communication or impersonation. It's literally how the system is designed to function, it's trusting.
@_date: 2019-02-03 18:47:19
I'm only responding in kind, Mr. thank you for your three year old evidence exchange hacks can't happen more than once
@_date: 2019-06-30 04:55:31
You know that a quarter of  three quarters of a whole is not the same as a quarter of a whole right? You could keep selling 1/4 of your supply forever.
@_date: 2019-06-02 20:27:02
You aren't careful with your words. You respond to valid criticism regardless of the source or merit defensively instead of addressing those concerns. You literally just told Luke you were going to "make sure" you didn't support knots because you are so insecure about criticism.
It makes it very difficult to take any software you offer seriously when you won't engage with the community constructively. Your false advertising, attitude problem, and most importantly unwillingness to take action to improve your products based on criticism are holding samourai wallet back. Until both the diligence in your software and ability to accept criticism change I will continue steering users away from your services.
@_date: 2017-11-01 19:21:40
Using an exchange as an exchange isn't the problem. The issue is how many people think an exchange account is a bitcoin account and don't ever actually see their own private key. Nothing wrong with using an exchange, I would just never direct a new user to start there. The exchanges want you to keep your money with them, they will never caution you to the risks or teach you anything about bitcoin. Bitcoin is being your own bank. Users should start by making a plan as to how they intend to be their own bank and what that will mean in their circumstance.
@_date: 2019-02-27 16:21:38
Seems to be only covering a fraction of the visible public nodes and not at all non-listening nodes.
@_date: 2015-08-17 03:08:10
Do amendments to a country's constitution or laws make it a different country? No, as contexts change the rules which govern us must change to meet the same objectives we have previously held in these new contexts. The same is true for changes to the bitcoin protocol, soft or hard.
@_date: 2019-02-05 15:29:13
I get that you think there wasn't enough information.  That's because you are only satisfied with a firm provable conclusion. I started telling people not to keep their funds in Quadriga 4 years ago because I was appalled by their security practices and general operating procedures. I didn't feel safe keeping my money there and I wanted other people to know why. I didn't go so far as to say stop using them, simply to never keep funds there. In January when withdrawals became delayed post eth hack and it soon became clear billerfy was bust I started recommending people stop using the exchange all together.
Again, none of that is conclusive evidence of anything. They are instead the classic warning signs of a failing exchange. Delayed withdrawals, known careless operators, known poor operational practices like requiring 5 figure deposits be left with random strangers unassociated to the business with a disappearing public presence.
To expect conclusive evidence as the warning sign to leave an exchange is unreasonable.
I did call you a shill, a liar, and dangerous. I strongly stand by those statements. A single post ago you were ready to hang me as an insider based on some flimsy research. While it may not have been your intent to provide false hope or justifications to stay in Quadriga, you did actively post all over reddit defending Quadriga and attacking anyone critical as a buttcoiner.
@_date: 2019-02-13 22:38:02
My grandfather called me this morning to ask me if I lost all my money when the bitcoin founder died. He was talking about the reporting on local exchange QuadrigaCX which recently goxxed everyone. He's nearly a centenarian at this point, so I'm plenty impressed with what he was able to gleam from the terrible local news reporting he watches.
@_date: 2019-06-19 19:32:41
I've seen people insisting that facebook coin will be a good "investment" and have great "returns" because of all the hype. The level of genuine ignorance is so mind blowing as to evoke severe mockery from me. It's a static dollar value gift card.
@_date: 2017-11-26 18:37:53
There aren't many socialist leaning bitcoiners, it's a culture and community we need to grow! Bitcoin may be at its base layer a libertarian utopia of ideals but the potential it creates can very much serve collective and national needs as well. I'm very excited for the future.
@_date: 2017-11-17 22:04:34
It's not a lack of finger control, he wants everyone else to do the work of curating valuable bitcoin news and in depth commentary for him so he doesn't have to. It's lazy and selfish IMO.
@_date: 2017-11-26 19:00:37
It is. This baby runs on a nash equilibrium. Pretty amazing how something like decentralization can have such universal value and appeal isn't it?
@_date: 2019-02-02 16:58:30
Your options aren't hardware wallet versus custodial wallet. If you have a phone or any computer you could have used that for either hot or cold wallets. Even a piece of paper if necessary can function as a wallet.
A US custodial wallet wasn't your only option. It was if anything your worst option. Bitcoin was made for people like you, to be censorship resistant. You just have to use it as it was designed to be used.
@_date: 2019-10-17 14:48:31
It's fun because you get to imagine the price is going up? I don't need to imagine that, I have full confidence the price will rise several months after halving. It seems like a desperate fantasy for people who are in the red.
I'll tell you what makes it not fun, is the constant repetitive posting of it on a website where price discussion and repetition are discouraged in general. It's a bitcoin news and discussion subreddit. IMO those stupid 4chan prediction memes should have been removed in the first place and probably would have been had they been caught quick enough. They certainly get removed in abundance now.
@_date: 2017-11-14 05:58:50
Both have the same block times so neither is faster. Because of EDA however BCH gas been transitioning between rapid and unusable. There is a fix for this incoming but it is not yet active.
You know what's cheap? Updating a database. It costs infinitesimal fractions of a penny. The reason bitcoin has value is that it is the most inefficient database in the world and in exchange is decentralized across the globe. If you are willing to trade decentralization for efficiency why bother with a cryptocurrency at all? Just use any traditional e-money service. The idea that we should destroy the most unique network property in the world in exchange for the most common network property in the world is insane, use the right tool for the job you are doing.
@_date: 2017-11-27 03:37:17


@_date: 2019-02-05 18:56:11
A Canadian exchange with a pittance of the market share going under due to mismanagement is neither a hack nor cause for a major price drop.
@_date: 2019-02-03 22:59:27
They have two, ones an eth exchange the other is eos. Both are shitcoin and centralized. You have no point at all.
@_date: 2019-06-02 21:01:59
Full services listening node with ~110 connections. It serves ~1.0-1.5 terabytes a month in upload. My April usage for some reason was a lot higher - almost 3 TB.
I'm paying for the highest speed unlimited I can get so why not donate some resources to the network?
@_date: 2017-11-26 23:41:28


Every one of those countries does that. Most if not all also own corporations.
@_date: 2019-02-03 02:31:31
The attack vector isn't directly taking coins, it's exactly the kind of thing you see in this thread. SPV nodes don't verify the information they receive, they cannot.
@_date: 2017-11-26 22:40:24
Living in one of those nations I can tell you that's not true.
@_date: 2017-11-20 00:14:11
Who said it was exaggeration? The point is we won the game, take a shower and get some rest. This isn't the last game of the season. 
Campaigning like this takes one of the fundamental security roles we as a community play and transforms it into an ever present angry mob. Take a breather, we'll need to raise the alarm bells again and when we do it cannot be the commonplace everyday dismissable ravings that this is becoming.
@_date: 2017-11-27 19:14:15
It is evidence of the lack of opportunities the majority of the world has had to be involved in bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-17 23:47:53
So because I won't give you what you want I'm a selfish child?
Posts like yours would be banned by the same guidelines you want enforced.
I'll again repeat - you can have exactly what you want by simply going to the mailing list, the bitcoin stack, bitcointalk, IRC. Why are you looking to change this place to the point of this ridiculous tantrum you are throwing instead of go to where the content better suites your needs?
It's messed up that you feel everyone has to compromise with you and address your needs instead of you addressing your needs. The world nor this subreddit revolve around you.
@_date: 2017-11-26 21:20:39
Norway has a nationalized oil industry which holds the largest sovereign wealth fund in the world and pays for their social programs. Are you trying to convince me that isn't a socialist policy?
@_date: 2019-02-03 17:34:39
Because I think it is the defining factor in why there is the animosity you describe as well as why they are not taking the exact direction crypto needs to go as you state.
@_date: 2015-08-17 02:06:26
Under what conditions would you consider your judgement possibly flawed? Lay out for me the terms by which you would consider changing your mind or hearing reasonable argument, because your views about what defines a fork and makes something "no longer bitcoin" would strongly imply that hard forks which occurred previous to this one came from coins which you do not consider bitcoin. I see no way to rationalize your position on the XT fork not being bitcoin while still believing that bitcoin was still bitcoin before previous hard forks. It seems by your unreasonably narrow definition the only real bitcoin network is the one that has existed since the last hard fork, and whatever it was before that was not bitcoin.
If you have some qualifier for what makes this fork substantively different, I ask what would need to happen to make it the same in your all-powerful-and-uniquely-capable-of-rational-judgement eyes.
You already made an absurd argument regarding the tyranny of the majority citing historical precedents so I know that the majority consensus isn't going to change your mind, and while I will be the first to say this community is a zeal with pitchforks and no reason them being that way doesn't make you or your line of reasoning any more correct.
Define the conditions under which you will relent and relinquish your moderation role.
@_date: 2017-11-26 21:06:19
You're right, all the base properties of bitcoin provide extremely libertarian focused function. Does that mean countries couldn't begin using bitcoin as a reserve currency? That budgets and national governance couldn't occur on a sidechain which resolved its state to the bitcoin blockchain? I personally see bitcoin as a great liberator. It will enable libertarian minded individuals the freedom they seek and plausibly socialist minded individuals the accountability and transparency features to build similarly liberating toolsets. Socialisms biggest fault is a lack of mechanisms to hold those in power accountable, and as with all power arrangements a predisposition to corruption. All models of governance socialist or not have a great deal to potentially gain as bitcoin and the layers built on top of it mature.
@_date: 2017-11-26 17:47:41
Bitcoin doesn't end corruption or illegal activity, it evens the playing field between the wealthy and the not by giving them the same corrupt tools. 
The reason bitcoin has value from a socialist perspective is that as a decentralized medium it is difficult for the corrupt to influence. I foresee a future where mechanisms of self governance, national governance, transparency and audibility all occur via sidechains and additional layers which all resolve to bitcoin thus taking advantage of its decentralization. Bitcoin itself may not have many properties which enable a socialist agenda, but it does have decentralization. That's the really hard get.
@_date: 2017-11-27 03:27:29
How much do I need to earn before you understand that the usage of the word socialism is much broader than you are accepting?
@_date: 2017-11-20 16:29:38
You are actually insane to think that $30 million dollars buys over a billion dollars in btc. No math makes that a reality. This is an absurd and baseless conspiracy theory you are pitching. Thinking that a 0.6% increase in artificial demand results in billions of dollars in bitcoin orders is also insane. Nothing you are saying has any relationship to reality, they are just paranoid delusions.
@_date: 2019-06-12 19:16:22
It's depressing how little attention this is getting. It was a really good conference, worth a watch in the background of whatever else you are doing with your day.
The struggle to get people in this sub consuming technical content is real.
@_date: 2017-11-08 05:01:52
Nothing except the activation of segwit through threats to miners. Nodes act as a counter weight to miners in that both are responsible for security mechanisms. This post is evidence of that, the very rushed activation of segwit due in no small part to BIP148 is evidence of that, your ignorance of this effect does not dissipate its impact.
@_date: 2017-11-28 07:18:23
It's a conversation about how not everyone in the world has had equal opportunity to engage with bitcoin, including the statistical reality that an enormous percentage of bitcoin users are white men. Pull your head out of your ass you sad, no-weed money, bigot-crying hypocrisy. 
@_date: 2019-02-03 18:24:39
Your definition of related is quite strange. Even using the same words as you are like "the exact direction crypto needs" doesn't enable you to see the statements you are making I am discussing. You asked me to point to where they shilled something and I did. I'm not sure why you are talking about how everyone can have their funds stolen when that doesn't also mandate the tokanization of that debt.
@_date: 2017-11-19 00:58:00
My post went entirely over your head.


@_date: 2019-02-28 19:51:27
Coinbase was a leader in the NYA and S2X attacks on consensus. They and other corporate interests absolutely did threaten Bitcoin, and Bitcoins victory is not a call for those threats to be casually dismissed in the future.
Coinbase continues to funnel users to altcoins and the failed attack that has become BCH which continues its misinformation and brand confusion campaign.
Coinbase is an enemy of Bitcoin, painting their actions as harmless or inconsequential to Bitcoin is dangerous in itself.
Responsible Bitcoin participants do not refer peers to Coinbase and are vigilant against further protocol influence and other negative action bad actors like Coinbase may take.
All of this acquisition stuff is just nonsense, who cares in the context of the other things Coinbase has done?
@_date: 2015-08-17 03:39:44
I think this community is often quick to react without fully comprehending what they are talking about. Many arguments come from places of ideology and not reason. I don't think it's a stretch to say we've seen some pretty moronic commentary from the people in this sub, such to the point that most reasonable discussion must happen on github or the mailing list, but even in those places there are voices drowning out merit based discussion with disingenuous arguments about what consensus is or what some founding fathers wanted.
This place is like a bug torch for so many kinds of crazy that it can't help but be zealous, pitchfork in hand about everything that comes along. It's just such a diverse group of niche interest male white nerds, it's amazing really. You've got the get rich traders, the software developers, the libertarians, the communists (checking in!), the big business the little business. It's everybody. Except minorities and women. Someone is going to be in a position to be mad about whatever comes up and is going to be super passionate about it too.
@_date: 2015-08-04 16:52:44
Well, if you assume that this transaction is valid and on more than blockchain.info...
If so, why only these few coins? I am struggling to come up with satoshi's rational for moving these coins. All it does is effectively demonstrate his coins are not lost, especially since he moved coins that could only be owned by him. If he just wanted 200 coins why not take it from the more muddled tail end of his mining career? Unless there was some security issue specifically effecting a few very early addresses there is no reason to consolidate those few coins. No, this is a message of some sort, but it's content isn't clear except to say "I am here".
@_date: 2017-11-27 07:34:33
It's a futures market. We already have futures markets for bitcoin and they are almost never ever below spot market. It is very likely people will short the futures market especially if they aren't naked shorts, meaning they will also buy bitcoin at spot. This already happens constantly, CME is just going to pour fuel on a fire.
@_date: 2017-11-17 20:55:24
I think you're off by at least one.
@_date: 2019-02-02 17:17:14
This kind of attack has happened before and was also discussed at length by Peter Todd at the unconfiscatable conference recently.
Long story short, many SPV wallets are dangerous. They connect to random third parties and require you trust them. It would be better to trust a known third party than a random one. Most SPV wallets trust only the companies server that made the wallet. Electrum and some others trust any third party.
Think of it like this:
Trusting someone self selecting and unknown (Some SPV and Neutrino) &lt; trusting a known third party (most SPV) &lt; trusting yourself and your own full node
@_date: 2017-11-08 07:34:26
Yes, a centralized network, which if you wanted why be involved in a blockchain at all? You truly have no comprehension of the value or function of the decentralized security model.
@_date: 2019-02-02 17:41:47
This is the internet in the 80's where you have to buy your special hardware and then manually dial up to services to connect to. The majority of future Bitcoin beneficiaries won't even know that Bitcoin is being used in the background to make their business activities less trusting. Banks with proofs of reserve,  public insurance funds, frictionless international transactions, browsers with built in payment tools. You'll never even know it is Bitcoin fueling these functions, you'll just see the benefits.
There is a future for both craft brewers and beer drinkers, but it has to start with the brewers.
@_date: 2017-11-26 18:31:09
Exactly as it is. The distribution mechanism of mining is a necessary evil which enhances our decentralization by addressing attack vectors and creating a nash equilibrium of honest acting network agents. The desired currency properties of immediate resolution and fair distribution can be achieved in additional layers - the way altcoins are attempting to do now except anchored to the decentralized state of the bitcoin blockchain. 
Just because distribution is exactly as it should be doesn't mean we should pretend it's "fair" or that wealth is equally distributed. It's statistically a bunch of white males who had money in the first place to some degree.
@_date: 2017-11-01 18:09:57
I recommend not starting with an exchange, but to answer your question: Gemini and Kraken in the US.
@_date: 2017-11-22 17:51:24
I believe it was 10000 btc for two pizzas in 2010. The original post where it all happened is [here](
@_date: 2019-02-16 14:50:16
The cloud IS just a bunch of computers. It isn't specifically using elastic beanstalk or using VM's. The cloud is as much dedicated machines as it is the evolving shared resource usage patterns, there are settings for all possible configurations.
The cloud was a buzzword. The new usage patterns added to the old have nothing to do with it. If you spool up a non shared EC2 instance you don't say "Oh, that isn't the cloud anymore it's dedicated hosting!"
Again, this buzzword theater you are defending is absolute nonsense. The only thing buzz words accomplish is the oversimplification of ideas and marketing of those ideas to business minded entities. None of these buzzwords are useful conversations for the technically literate and are more about advertising complex services to those who aren't. 
@_date: 2019-02-05 04:28:10
Work with? Hahahahahahahaha
I tried to make some large deposits with Quadriga 4+ years ago and had to deal with Michael to make them in that after chasing him around for weeks he had me drop off a cheque with the concierge at the Vancouver Club. In the process of trying to deposit and manage my funds I found the contact phone on the site going unanswered and their physical location being closed during their open hours. I was very unimpressed with Michael and Quadriga. So unimpressed I have been telling my story ever since - as you can verify if your digging went any deeper posts I made this week. I have got into so many public spats on reddit with Michaels account u/xpatryn about the complete unprofessionalism in the way Quadriga operates that you should be embarrassed to have missed it.
Be very scared of idiots who think they know something like the person I am replying to. I've been ushering people out of Quadriga for years, probably before this person even knew Quadriga existed.
You are unqualified to be engaging in the kind of investigation you are attempting and your conclusions have zero credibility as a result. If you were ready to crucify me you are genuinely engaged in a witch hunt.
Edit: I didn't even realize it was you!! God, you are a dangerous idiot aren't you? Hurting all manner of innocent people. The thread you link is literally me helping the investigation by letting people know he has this other reddit account that isn't being discussed.
@_date: 2017-11-07 16:07:55
You have completely misunderstood. The fact that anyone can spin up a node does not discount the security function of self validation and consensus that nodes provide. Identifying and blocking nodes which exist solely as propaganda pieces as opposed to validation and propagation agents of the network is an important and healthy defensive function.
It's funny to watch people who have so little understanding of the security properties of the network, like yourself, act so superior while knowing so little.
@_date: 2017-11-27 17:21:47
I see, suggesting that white north americans who hold bitcoin and buy weed have had opportunities many others in the world lack is racist.
You should tell that to someone who isn't white, I'm sure they will sympathize with your oppression.
@_date: 2017-11-27 22:12:50
I think it's really funny that you, in this conversation, are calling me a bigot. Like, laugh out fucking loud funny. You are so culturally ignorant, so stuck in a bubble that you're a white male calling anyone who tries to pop that bubble a racist bigot. It's almost like you're a caricature, ripe for parody. I might use an absurd personality like yours in creative work in my future. Thanks for the inspiration.
@_date: 2017-11-28 16:03:27
If you read a word I had said you would see I have repeatedly cited the path forward as building on top of bitcoins decentralization, I've said forking into centralized pieces of crap is the worst possible idea. Is literacy and English comprehension really this difficult for you? Quit getting so high and maybe you will be able to follow the conversation.
@_date: 2019-02-02 19:09:26
I don't suggest the opposite, I suggest that being your own bank enables those who don't want to be their own bank. That brewers enable beer consumers. You need these tools to create the gradient of functions and trust that can be exposed to the consumer without their awareness.
I am suggesting that by prioritizing being your own bank we enable end user functionality that is steps removed from being your own bank.
Banks will continue to be banks but with lower trust. Anyone will be able to be their own trustless bank. The futures aren't mutually exclusive and both rely on the existence of the being your own bank use case.
@_date: 2019-10-17 14:35:10
Remember to only donate to established and verified charities directly. 99% of people asking for bitcoin are scammers or beggars.
@_date: 2017-11-01 17:44:18
It's bad advice, I'm just pointing that out. Coinbase is not a company that should be thrown business by this community as they have spearheaded several anti-bitcoin practices and is the exact opposite of 'the best way to get started' with bitcoin. You want to invest? Use an investment fund like GBTC. You want to buy and use bitcoin? Buy bitcoin on an exchange (like Coinbase if you must) and withdraw - but even then that's not where you start. You start with the white paper, you start by learning how to secure your own coins. Telling people to just go and use Coinbase breeds the horrible practices we've seen of users exposing themselves to long term counterparty risk as well as gives this dangerous company more weight in their future attempts to subvert the bitcoin protocol for their own ends.
Why does everyone treat any kind of disagreement like the opposing party must be howling with rage? I'm just sitting with my phone sipping a coke like any other schmuck.
@_date: 2017-11-26 20:47:01
We prefer 'cryptocommies', thank you very much.
Seriously though, not even a little bit disturbing that so many people have tied bitcoin to an ideological agenda to the point that any vision outside that ideology must be criticized and excluded? It's a technology, why should anyone here care what a persons ideology is when they utilize it? It's not like socialists are trying to make bitcoin centralized commiecoin or take away its libertarian values. In fact I've been pretty explicit that those market forces are what secure bitcoin and provide its most valuable feature. Does every libertarian need to get their panties in a wad because someone believes in social and societal constructs they do not?
@_date: 2019-02-03 06:23:29
The part where the info is publicly posted on Quadrigas blog about the state of their operation?
@_date: 2019-02-26 16:31:27
So do you agree to ascribe his views as a never ending price increase with no ceiling is baseless? I don't know of any "permabulls" who think that. Look at Peter Todd for example, he clearly states he believes price will plataue and the days of exponential gain are gone. He's still permanently bullish, holds a ton of BTC and suggests others buy some during dips as well.
The idea that any of these people believe in a never ending price increase is a fantasy you derived entirely from their use of the word permabull.
@_date: 2019-06-21 00:39:44
I've bought a lot of stuff that ended up being worth thousands of dollars. I've never regretted it, it wasn't my savings it was money I intended to spend not invest or store.
There is some bitcoin that you may use transitionally - such as buying yourself something - and there is bitcoin you may use to represent savings. One isn't the other. Unless you plan on never buying anything again you have to appreciate the difference between savings and disposable income.
@_date: 2017-11-07 19:44:12
A node which will relay invalid blocks at a planned point in the future will isolate pockets of the network harming connectivity for all and is a clearly hostile action against the networks infrastructure.. A node is not a node is not a node when they do not follow the same consensus rules. To preemptively identify and ban nodes which are signalling intent to change consensus rules is a proactive and reasonable precaution to aviod the aformentioned bubbles of isolation caused by the mass relaying of invalid blocks. Frankly that btc1 does not isolate their network is itself at best irresponsible and at worst a willful attack against those who do not wish to "upgrade" the network.
The consequence of not isolating the networks is well documented by both sides at this point, with the pro 2x side doing so to incentivize adoption by creating risk associated to not adopting. Just as is the policy on replay protection. The only uneducated person here is you.
@_date: 2019-02-03 18:29:35
You act like that couldn't happen again tomorrow and is entirely irrelevant to today.
@_date: 2017-11-26 23:15:16
And political scientists say his country has adopted many social programs which benefit the collective majority, or socialism. You are talking about Marxism.
@_date: 2017-11-18 21:57:25
If your only priorities are faster and cheaper centralized services will always win that race. If what you want is decentralization, censorship resistance - you want bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-01 17:25:45
Couldn't be further from the truth. If you're only using an exchange then you aren't ever using bitcoin. Just invest in GBTC if what you want is a curated fund to gamble on.
@_date: 2019-02-18 17:39:56
I wish you would stop. You're a valuable part of the community, I see you in these threads all the time with good commentary. It's just not going to end well if you keep going at it.
@_date: 2017-11-17 20:22:01
Serious discussion doesn't happen on reddit, go to the mailing list if you have a proposal or commentary. Not everything has to exist specific to your whims. You don't get to say what the "purpose of this subreddit" is any more than anyone else.
@_date: 2017-11-17 22:26:06
The rest of us have curated our own content for news, commentary, and development and don't need to radically redesign the community. I personally use the mailing list and the IRC for more in depth development discussion, r/bitcoin for general community discussion, and news sites for popular news.
This community, no community, exists to coddle your learning and desired discussion. If you don't see how that is selfish you truly cannot see beyond your own wants and needs.
@_date: 2017-11-08 01:24:50
Can I assume you didn't read the article?
"What's the solution? Well, it's not "Switch to AMD chips". Once, AMD chips didn't have this kind of mystery code hidden inside it, but even the latest Ryzen processors are not totally open. They include the AMD platform security process and that's also a mysterious black box."
@_date: 2017-11-02 17:40:07
Your wallet will give you a private key or a pass phrase which equates to your private key.
When you create a bitcoin wallet your computer will create a private key and a corresponding public key. These keys are tied together. Your public key is your address, like an email address, and anyone wanting to send you bitcoin sends it to your public key. When you withdraw your bitcoin from the exchange you will send it to your public key.
When it comes time for you to send your bitcoin from your wallet you will need your private key. Once loaded into your wallet the private key will "sign a transaction" using some math, to prove that you control the funds associated to the corresponding public key. This signed proof gets sent to the bitcoin network and thats how bitcoin gets transfered. Your private key is the ownership of your bitcoins at the corresponding public key address.
You know thr saying ownership is 9/10ths the law? In bitcoin its 100% of the law. You are responsible for protecting your passphrase or private keys because if someone gets them they own your bitcoins.
@_date: 2019-02-02 20:45:33
I do sysops for fintech companies so I know a little bit more about securing computers than you do.
@_date: 2017-11-19 01:18:42
I'm not claiming to know how bitcoin will play out in the future, I'm claiming to have a strong understanding of the properties of decentralization. Bitcoin gold has pretty much 0 chance of replacing bitcoin or becoming decentralized, it's a premine coin with an unstable blockchain that is going to have to compete with every other gpu coin on the market for network security. It has absolutely no developer support. It's a cash grab. pretending that it has the chance to usurp bitcoin as the king of decentralization is outright absurd.
So I suppose that on top of claiming an understanding of decentralization, I'm also claiming bitcoin gold is a joke as an extension of that understanding. Hardly predicting the future, more like observing reality.
@_date: 2017-11-06 23:07:26
The mailing list exists for this very purpose. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 18:50:19


Please don't ever stop this conversation with me. Each time you say something it makes me fall in love with the absurdity of your character even more. How are you real? You are amazing and beautiful.
@_date: 2019-12-26 20:44:14
Any ICO in this space at all is inherently scammy. It's just a mechanism of attempting to skirt securities laws. Collaborative open source projects do not need authority figures being funneled cash and making consensus decisions. That's just a normal business, not a decentralized protocol. I'm pretty certain this person's content wouldn't be allowed to be posted here.
@_date: 2019-02-04 00:14:39
You literally just told me they don't have an EOS dex.
@_date: 2017-11-02 16:27:47
Bitcoin is a culture and celebration is an important part of propagating that culture. We are in a speculative bubble. Thinking we won't be if we remove the evidence of that is just silly.
I've seen almost as many posts complaining about the price threads as I have price threads. Quit harshing the buzz.
@_date: 2017-11-26 22:41:47
You want me to show you evidence that these countries have sate owned companies and state controlled industries? Norways state controlled oil companies are responsible for the largest wealth fund in the world and some of the most progressive social policies for its citizens.
@_date: 2017-11-26 21:33:28


This is false and based on a radical definition of socialism put forward by US classrooms in a cold war era.
From the definition of socialism:
Socialism is a range of economic and social systems characterised by social ownership and democratic control of the means of production, as well as the political theories and movements associated with them. **Social ownership may refer to forms of public (state corporations), collective or cooperative ownership (co-ops), or to citizen ownership of equity**. There are many varieties of socialism and there is no single definition encapsulating all of them, though social ownership is the common element shared by its various forms.
@_date: 2017-11-18 01:57:37
So what, you want to send them to the gallows? I refuse to continue this us vs them nonsense. I would be happy to welcome BIPS from any contributor. Mike Hearn, Gavin, Garzik. This cult of personality and personal politics is disturbing in a technical medium. Let ideas be judged on their merit, not the people who proposed them. 2x was a bad idea, lets not villainize the people who supported it lets villainize the idea. If people are to be judged on ideas they have held at one point or another lets not forget about [tonal bitcoin]( You want to villainize luke too?
@_date: 2019-06-05 15:48:03
I was wondering what Dryja had been up to.
@_date: 2019-12-31 23:00:49
The best wallet is an offline non-custodial one. You want to control your own keys. These wallets let you set your own fees based on the priority of your transaction. Blockchain.info has a horrible reputation in this regard. The "wallets" you're talking about are online service providers trying to be one stop shops for everything and especially trying to get you to let them hold your bitcoin on your behalf.
You should be using public resources like  for deciding where to buy and  for deciding what wallets to use.  is another fantastic community learning resource.
@_date: 2017-11-02 16:18:06
Don't worry too much, bitcoin is pretty confusing and you're not alone in feeling that way. You are on the right path with a wallet and exchange. Your goal should be to buy the desired amount of bitcoin on the exchange and then withdraw it to your wallet. Protecting your wallet is what makes you a bitcoin user and your own bank. Some people don't ever use their own wallet, they just use an exchange, and that is what I am warning against.
Buy bitcoin, withdraw to your wallet, and secure your private keys. What this security part means is up to you. For some people it means never letting private keys be on an online computer (you can actually send bitcoin while offline, delete your private key, and reconnect to the internet to send bitcoin), it means having encrypted backups of your private key or pass phrase in multiple places, it may even mean buying a "hardware wallet" which is a dedicated security device for holding bitcoin. This security part is the most important thing you need to understand about being your own bank.
@_date: 2019-06-26 23:41:40
Then you didn't buy at 4k, because when the price was 4k you were openly mocking it. Were before and have been since.
Your comments are completely public and you've made many. Pretending you've ever supported Bitcoin is just sad and pathetic. A cry for attention.
@_date: 2019-02-03 04:32:30
Are Quadriga's blog posts not public information? Reddit discussions? Google results?
@_date: 2019-06-23 02:07:05
They have been openly hostile to Bitcoin for years. They were one of the largest entities behind the NYA and S2X takeover, they endorse attacks like bcash. They are not friend of the Bitcoin protocol participants.
@_date: 2017-11-27 00:22:35
First, yes National Socialist Party was socialist. Second, this is a semantic argument. It should be enough that I have explained and referenced the definition I intend to use.
@_date: 2019-02-18 17:00:28
Did you not learn your lesson last time? Please keep gender politics out of this sub. It's off topic, just triggers trolls and the like. Causes nothing but moderation trouble and derailed discussion. You know that.
@_date: 2017-11-18 00:08:30
Yes. I understand that the problem is I am not listening to what you are saying, that there is nothing wrong with your ideas, and that I am selfish for not trying to accomodate you and the people you represent.
Nevermind that sufficient accommodation to the people like you exists in the many places you have been pointed to. Nevermind that clearly though there are some who agree there are many who don't. Nevermind anything what doesn't fit your world view. Lets throw a tantrum!
@_date: 2017-11-18 22:15:02
What you might consider evolution, I would consider destruction. Destroying the unique properties of bitcoin so that it may adopt properties of centralized services for the convenience of a small and short sighted subsection of users is absurd. Bitcoin is the most decentralized network on the planet, from that decentralization flow all of its use cases. I will not sacrifice any measure of decentralization for anything, let alone call such a sacrifice "evolution".
If you want the benefits of centralized services, cheap and fast, use centralized services. Don't destroy the only decentralized network on the planet because you think blockchain is a cool word and want to use one. Also, BCH is centralized. 60% of miners are one party. It sucks compared to other centralized services, it lacks any kind of support services or loss restitution and is many times more expensive. It sucks compared to decentralized services. BCH is a solution with no problem. No matter what your needs are there are either better centralized services, or decentralized services available. It's also not "faster" than btc, they have the same block times.
@_date: 2019-02-19 21:48:45
The NYA was literal an attempt to define consensus between the business community about scaling. How can you possibly say it had nothing to do with consensus?
@_date: 2017-11-08 05:50:26
The consequence to the miners on the network is that the nodes would reject their blocks. Any simple reading of BIP148 would tell you that. Why is reading such a significant challenge for you?
Obligatory lol.
@_date: 2019-06-02 19:35:55
This is excellent work and I am sure my ISP will be very relieved to see the terabytes per month my node uses shrink in any capacity.
@_date: 2019-02-04 17:16:20
Strong root password. A well configured iptables, though some people use ufw. Doing regular system maintenance and keeping packages upgraded and updated. It's a dev machine and I need remote access, so add proper use of keys and ssh related iptables settings. Same with the media server I expose and any development services I expose. Limiting those exposures to LAN or whitlisted addresses is much more secure than listening publicly. Never listening directly on protected ports and never running listening apps as root.
Since I use this machine for automated and aggressive torrenting to feed my media server I also use ClamAV. This is important for not only protecting my ubuntu machine but the devices I may serve those files to. If you're running multiple OS you'll also want to run rkhunter.
If you're not doing anything super sensitive you don't really need to keep your ear to the ground for security issues the way you would for a business or crypto application. Just follow your update and maintenance schedule.
@_date: 2019-02-21 19:16:52
Yes, this is why offchain solutions have such wonderful scaling properties.
@_date: 2017-11-14 03:28:02
The english speaking world needs to do as does Canada and replace 'huh' with 'eh.
@_date: 2019-12-08 01:01:01
AFAIK the only thing that happened is some hitbtc users complained, and some users who had accounts closed due to AML issues complained. No exchange was demonstrated insolvent and at best a minority of known exchange cold storage moved.
@_date: 2019-12-06 04:40:56
It doesn't even threaten them, they are just so stuck in the norms of their business and the average buyer and seller that they are ignoring that:
1. There is no lending necessary. It's effectively a cash transaction.
2. Inspections don't require escrow, just contractual commitment from buyer and seller to fulfill the transaction should inspections be completed without issue. If there are issues, let the seller handle them within a time frame.
3. Volatility doesn't matter, both parties are committing to the price at the moment they sign and commit to the good faith transaction post inspections. The buyer was likely already exposed to the volatility, and presumably the sellers only reason for doing this is to get exposure to the volatility.
I don't think it will ever be the norm to buy a house in full with either cash or bitcoin, but it happens. I hope someday I see a nice property in my neck of the woods listed like yours is. Don't listen to the haters, do your diligence, and good luck.
@_date: 2017-11-08 04:39:05
You surely must be illiterate. As I have said 3 times now, BIP148 and this post are proof of my argument.
Again not at all an honest conversation or disagreement and entirely pointless to continue until you learn to read.
@_date: 2017-11-08 17:56:58
If not commenting in a thread that is itself proof of these defensive mechanics in action, then what is proof? Denying proof surrounding you doesn't make you correct.
Also in 2010 many of these attacks and defense mechanisms were entirely theoretical, so the idea that now them in action isn't sufficient proof but theory is proof further reinforces the idea that you are a closed minded ideologue.
@_date: 2017-11-02 23:06:15
Degenerate gamblers are doing to gamble, nothing is going to change that.
@_date: 2017-11-08 02:01:15
You are incorrect about additional validating nodes controlled by unique parties in disperse locations having no value.
The difference between a propaganda node and nodes controlled by disparate parties and locations is that the propoganda node exists solely as a conversation piece in creating a fake statistic to imply political support for a codebase change, and is not disparate in the parties controlling it or location it functions from. These last two points are what impact decentralization and is valuable for security.
That you seem unable to grasp this distinction despite litetally paragraphs of text elaborating on the security function of these nodes seems to indicate you are entirely closed to the idea that nodes impact consensus or as a result decentralized security. BIP148 as well as this very post are clear examples of that security mechanism in action. Denying that nodes perform this function inside this thread is absolutely absurd on its face.
As you might put it, "lol".
@_date: 2017-11-14 15:25:04
It's suitable for many payment processing transactions, just typically not scenarios which require settlement in less than 10 minutes and small value transactions are only supported in settlement time frames as long as 24 hours, and even then not reliably.
Bitcoin is suitable for store of value, for speculation, for hedging and as a highly uncorrelated asset with high liquidity, for any transaction of value over a few dollars and any transaction settling in more than 10 minutes, for storing high value decentralized data and proofs, for recording decentralized proof of state, for programmable value transfer, as a protocol and platform for developing smart contracts and other solutions on top of including additional protocols, for proof of identity and proof of available funds, psuedo-anonymity, transaction transparency and financial management,  and for censorship resistance among many other functions. Most importantly, bitcoin is suitable for being your own bank and controlling your own wealth. It is a tool of liberty. Trying to make it fit all scenarios will destroy its unique properties.
BCH degrades the uses involving decentralization which is the majority of this list in favor of a temporary reduction in fees and viability of lower value transactions. As I said previously, if you do not value decentralization and do desire low value transactions why wouldn't you also desire settling in less than 10 minutes? BCH doesn't do that, but centralized services do. How about support and recovery services? Again available in centralized services. Fraud protection? Again, only centralized services. If these are your concerns you should not be using BCH or BTC.
It's also worth noting that BCH is centralized with over 60% of mining coming from one party, yet is severely disadvantaged to its centralized competitors due to lack of the above features. It also is severely disadvantaged against its decentralized competitors at decentralized jobs due to its centralization. It's simply not the best at anything. Why use it?
@_date: 2017-11-20 02:18:20
I did in fact say what is wrong with it and it didn't include I didn't like it. Maybe read again? I'll say it a fourth time. These campaigns are an important security function of the network. My issue is a constant state of alarm. Making these campaigns a literally everyday event dilutes the alarms effectiveness, dilutes the effectiveness of that security mechanism.
How have you managed to misinterpret that as I dislike it?
@_date: 2017-11-18 22:40:45
I'm glad you feel that way. I have some bitcoin gold I'm trying to sell, you want to buy?
All jokes aside the cost to enter the mining market, the thing you see as a detriment, is part of the cost required to attack the network. That it is high is a good thing. Can you even imagine botnets and viruses being used to attack bitcoin? It's also incredibly important that no party controls ASIC mining, and as these recent fork attempts have demonstrated mining is just part of the decentralized security mechanisms running bitcoin. Nodes are very highly decentralized and also clearly very active in their security role.
You're an armchair expert without a sufficient understanding of what decentralization is to accurately comment on it. If you like BCH so much go buy some. If you think GPU mining is equivalent to decentralization go buy Bitcoin Gold. Good luck.
@_date: 2019-12-31 23:38:02
Still think this is an incredibly stupid idea.  Every day is proof of keys day, making it one day a year and pretending it demonstrates the solvency of exchanges (and using it to promote Tracy Mayer's pet projects) does the community a disservice. Lying about its past performance such as claiming it resulted in Quadrigas collapse is just dishonest.
Education campaigns are generally good. Teaching people to withdraw their coins one day a year isn't a good education campaign. We should be having Proof of Reserves day and campaigning to get exchanges to adopt publicly auditable proof of reserves tools. We should be spending every day warning people to get off exchanges and teaching them how.
To that end here are some resources for learning how to secure your own keys for end users, and how to demonstrate proof of reserves for exchanges.
Secure your keys! - 
Knowledge is power, learn all you can - 
Proof of Reserves tools we should be lobbying exchanges to structure around - 
@_date: 2017-11-20 16:53:49
Who the fuck is talking about market cap, look at transaction volume you moron. The only one illiterate here is you. Stop making assumptions. Stop pushing conspiracy.
@_date: 2019-12-06 09:10:38
You can't even stop yourself can you? I keep telling you, there's no "tying up" necessary. If there are red flags, which would be revealed during the course of investigating and doing the necessary diligence in the exact same way you would, then they can be acted on well before commitment. There obviously aren't any REAL red flags yet like you are suggesting, the only info either of us have is in this thread. You are again projecting a fantasy instead.
Your entire view is stuck in the paradigm of your daily life. I'm sure you're an excellent realtor, but you aren't addressing any of these criticisms to your misplaced concerns you just keep re-implying those same assumptions.
@_date: 2019-02-13 22:23:00
Not sure why it would bother you. Blockchains don't scale and the logic for a smaller blocksize is fairly sound. While it will likely never see a consensus, the discussion itself is valuable in that it keeps the subject where it should be - the ever expansive resource usage required by nodes. It's unsustainable. More than that, bringing these problems continually to the forefront of discussion will help keep at arms length larger blocks which would further exacerbate the problem. These are important technical discussions which would otherwise not be in the average Bitcoin users mind at all.
Hate him all you want, there have been a couple times now Luke has been the villain we need. I don't always agree with him but I do respect that he has a role to play in this community.
@_date: 2017-11-20 17:05:58
In a market of billions of volume per day, you don't think 100x leverage has a substantively larger impact on price movement than $30 million in tether? You think that Tether is moving the price?
Seriously check your tinfoil hat.
@_date: 2019-10-24 16:45:51
If you want a vanity address, or to make any private key or secret, do not ask a company do it for you. Crypto 101.
There is no reason at all you need a key to users paper wallets.
@_date: 2017-11-26 21:27:48
No. Just NZ and AU. I hear [Oslo in the summertime]( is lovely though.
@_date: 2017-11-19 23:49:14
A couple hundred million in tether cannot buy several billion in bitcoin. Just more propaganda from a new generation of buttcoiners. Tether issuance goes up when people cash out through tether, often with the intention of buying other alts or getting back in later.
@_date: 2019-12-25 03:27:24
It's amazing how many people attribute the combined properties derived from PoW, the economic and node running and developer protocol participants, cryptography, and game theory to a data structure.
This "blockchain all the things" culture being promoted by entities like OPs spam account is based on a misunderstanding of where the valuable properties in this space emerge from and a rush to profit.
@_date: 2019-02-18 15:50:09
Fighting things like this in court is pointless. There can be no winning, states are entitled to screw over the businesses in their state with onerous regulation as they see fit. Thankfully Bitcoin doesn't care. Your money is better spent relocating and making NY envious of all the business they are excluding, and residents upset with their politicians.
@_date: 2019-12-03 00:31:31
Strongly disagree. Coinbase is a bad actor continuing their attack on bitcoins fungibility with a history of directly attacking consensus.
This community has been fundamental in stopping those attacks and educating users.
@_date: 2017-11-26 19:36:12
I don't recall saying anything of the sort. All I see is a strawman of your own design.
@_date: 2019-06-19 17:47:06
Libra is not a moon any more than any other centralized financial product with no relation to Bitcoin is.
@_date: 2019-12-06 04:29:23
You're entirely ignoring the fact that the buyer (and apparently the seller) have already committed to holding through volatility. Whether price changes during escrow or after it doesn't matter to people like me, we were holding it as bitcoin anyways. OP is just getting that exposure through their house. All of your premises begin with the buyer holding dollars and having to buy bitcoin and the seller having to sell - but they don't.
You bring up some good points about legal rights of a buyer which I think should be waived in some manner forcing a commitment from both parties at the same time. But other than that I see the volatility you are so focused on as a non-issue.
@_date: 2017-11-01 15:18:59
People do it to celebrate good times come on, it's a celebration.
@_date: 2017-11-16 16:17:18
I think financial coverage, especially with a tone of desperate excitment with the purpose of moving positions, is impactful. Many entertainers have an impact on industries.
Again the culture is the problem not Cramer. I'm not about to suggest one guy is or represents an entire culture. Doesn't make him any less of a joke or any less part of that culture.
@_date: 2019-12-22 12:21:24
The future is absolutely beautiful. I love that we can dabble in it even today. Has anyone tried out MPP in the wild yet and want to report on the experience? The miniscript compiler is super cool. The way all these improvements have a synergy is really exciting. The user experience in a decade may be unrecognizable.
I'm really curious to see if John is right about the general timeline of in ~2021 for the things on his list. I can see it taking longer.
@_date: 2017-11-19 23:55:55
Are we going to see one of these posts everyday? The way many people have taken so personally the politics of businessmen is crazy. I'd rather a full page of meme shitposts than this. We won. Don't direct new business to these companies, but stop with the freaking crusade already. You're going to exhaust the attention span of the community until they are unable to collectively act in their required security role the next time it is necessary. Your whining is doing real damage. Stop it.
@_date: 2017-11-27 04:10:16


Seriously is english comprehension this difficult? I even bolded the parts you need to read like you are an illiterate moron, what more can I do?
@_date: 2017-11-07 07:49:31
It's not about Amazons quality as a host, it's about decentralization and misrepresentation. Nodes need to be dispersed to be decentralized. Spinning up 90% of the nodes on the network as a single party as a means of generating a snowball effect of perceived popular support for code changes is a manipulative and hostile attempt to influence the developmental direction in the hostile parties favor. It's an attack on bitcoin consensus. Thankfully we all have the capacity to observe the network, audit the code, and verify its integrity.
That's what our decentralized security model is about. We are resistant to these kinds of attacks because of people paying attention like this and a culture of involvement and awareness. A lot of the  newer "investors" don't really understand decentralization or what makes this protocol so unique. They must learn and become involved if they are to see the importance of, for example, discrediting the vast majority of network participants in an influential protocol change campaign as a single party operating in a single place.
I am both envious and terrified for these new users. I hope they can learn to value bitcoin not just for its price or perceived potential, but for the fundamental value of the worlds first and most decentralized network. We need to grow this culture if we ever hope to scale safely. Our users are our defense. As our numbers grow it is clear they are woefully unprepared for the role we need them to fill as defensive agents of the network.
@_date: 2015-08-06 16:07:54
I never accused you of inciting panic I accused you of treating the issue as more consequential than it is and assuring everyone that it will be okay, which is in my mind equally annoying as the people causing a panic because it's victim of the same flawed logic - you believe this issue is of significant and prolonged consequence just like those who would start a panic do and it is not. If you consider what may happen should either the block size be raised or not, you will find none of the potential consequences threaten the 4 billion dollar market cap of btc. Passionate people like Gavin and Mike will end up forking their own way if they cannot get the community to consensus, others will also. The kind of drama we are seeing here is par for the course in any open source community, people have different and often incompatible views of how to achieve similar goals. If we get a hard software fork and a new coin then so be it. If we can get most of the people on board with a proposal and change the limit then that will work too. If for some asinine reason every developer interested in cryptocurrency was so entrenched in disagreement that they all started their own forks and repos, Bitcoin would STILL be fine. It would still perform all the functions expected of it, it will still grow, and it will still have first movers advantage.
A great example is the node.js community. Filled with strife over stability of the platform versus experimentalism and corporate freedom it eventually broke up into node and io.js, where it stayed and grew distinct for years. The existence of each may have complicated things for developers looking to understand the difference, but it enriched and made competitive the ecosystem in unexpected ways. Now they are joining together again, and even if they didn't it would still be a huge win for the JavaScript community.
These arguments are good despite how disingenuous or misinforming many of them are. Disagreement is good. There is nothing wrong here. It sucks for people like Gavin who have  the choice of either becoming part time politician or running off to do his own thing, but that's open source software for you. You don't get into it without knowing that.
@_date: 2019-12-06 20:24:04
You're so offended by the mere idea someone could buy a house in Bitcoin without a realtor. It's genuinely fascinating. Why are you acting so threatened? These transactions are so far away the abnormal they don't impact you at all, and if you're right you get to laugh when it's on the news. It won't be, people do irregular transactions with enough frequency that it's not unheard of, but there's certainly no reason for you to be as upset about it or misapplying things like financing and escrow like you are.
@_date: 2019-12-18 03:39:55
You wouldn't be alarmed if using addresses of employees, having an unqualified executive officer because she is the owners gf, and unaccounted for consumer fiat balances is true?
This aside from accusations of a very messed up workplace.
@_date: 2019-02-28 20:25:11
Them batching their sends is Coinbase using Bitcoin and has no impact on any of these numbers. Coinbase only needs one node to batch all their sends and manage their userbase, because Coinbase is ONE Bitcoin user. Their users aren't using Bitcoin until they are controlling their own keys, and preferably their own node as well.
@_date: 2019-12-06 04:33:22
There is no lending/borrowing. This would be the equivalent of a person buying with cash. I think you're really stuck in the norm of real estate and have ignored the specifics of this context. This is a very abnormal transaction, an abnormal potential buyer and an abnormal seller
@_date: 2015-07-21 20:06:27
Please don't pretend you represent all users. Speak for yourself. The nice thing about situations like the one you describe is that when changes negatively affect enough people you see spontaneous dissent from many sources. A great example is the recent reddit crisis. We, the users you champion with such moral superiority in your arguments do not need your protecting. We can all speak for ourselves as you should.
@_date: 2017-11-16 15:55:30
Bitcoin wipes out a huge percent of its value frequently. Many of us were here for the drop from $1100 to $160 and held through. I don't think even a 60% drop in value at any point is as severe as you claim. More than that, bitcoin moves fast and 24/7. Its one thing to know the market is going to crash at some point five years from now but timing it is going to be easier said than done. Just like the dips we just had, all will seem like the end of the world and induce panic only to bounce right back up. We will be seeing deep bear traps for a while and many people with your exact philosophy will fall into them thinking its time to lighten up.
There is more money to be made as a perfect gambler, but the gains of being a holder are enormous on their own and much more risk adverse. I'll be holding, 60% dips just mean its time to put a little more into the bitcoin retirement account and I don't have to time it, just take advantage of a presented price.
@_date: 2019-12-20 17:17:06
Every single project that uses bitcoin directly to create other services is layer 2 including exchanges but I think what you're looking for is something more along the lines of elements projects, liquid, rsk, counterparty, open assets and the like.
@_date: 2017-11-27 04:36:37
To emphasis the broad definition of public ownership and socialism as a construct, as this conversation began with you denying those broad definitions. The state doesn't need to control 100% of all industries to be socialist as you seem to be implying. Any public ownership or collectivism qualifies as a socialist policy.
@_date: 2017-11-27 00:32:13
And Finland? And Canada? And Switzerland? And Iceland? What kind of drugs are you on and why aren't you sharing?
@_date: 2017-11-01 15:16:46
CME is opening a traditional futures market. China can't ban it anymore. The number of funds created to invest in btc is up several hundred percent for the year, mining investment continues to grow especially outside of China with new mines announced in Japan and the US, companies like coinbase are adding 30k users weekly. By all metrics available adoption is growing significantly.
@_date: 2019-06-12 18:22:23
I've read it all and I found the methodology quite convincing. It focuses on renewables curtailment, largely in the hydro electric industry.
@_date: 2017-11-27 04:28:43
By every definition either of us has provided my usage of the word socialism to refer to the policies implemented in the countries mentioned is accurate. What about my use of the words socialism and socialist as per these definitions has caused you to have this semantic spurred fit?
@_date: 2017-11-08 02:53:57
whm and cpanel are interfaces for managing computers. Nodes can run on any computer with sufficient resources, but I am not aware of any ability to mange nodes through the specific interfaces of cpanel or whm. So yes it would run on the server, but you would likely not be able to manage it through cpanel.
@_date: 2019-12-16 23:28:38
Why such a limited launch in one of the most limiting jurisdictions in the world? I'd really like to see less attention on a market that is so restrictive, it's likely the only thing that will get them to compete for Bitcoin business and treat it legally like currency.
@_date: 2017-11-26 20:58:15
What do you think socialism is? What do you think free markets are?
Socialism is exactly what you have described. "A combination of free market capitalism with a comprehensive welfare state and collective bargaining at the national level". "Free market" doesn't at all mean laissez faire hands off markets. There is no modern market which is truly "free", and socialist implemented markets typically have strong regulations protecting collective interests.
Socialism is a range of economic and social systems characterised by social ownership and democratic control of the means of production, as well as the political theories and movements associated with them. Social ownership may refer to forms of public, collective or cooperative ownership, or to **citizen ownership of equity**.
Stop drinking the cold war kool aid.
@_date: 2019-06-19 15:39:16
Welcome. Check out  for a list of resources for new users.
@_date: 2019-10-27 16:14:46
Should be true. Blockchain is a mirage and is not where any interesting protocol properties come from. If you think it is anything other than a linked list style data store you are severely mistaken and need to learn how the valuable properties of immutability and security derive from the Nash equilibrium and game theory created by and scaling with protocol participants. Not understanding this is the only reason people buy altcoins or think private and permission blockchain are valuable at all. Their value is minor outside the context of bitcoin and more often blockchains are completely misapplied.
@_date: 2017-11-02 20:34:57
Over half of the shit posts are people complaining about the shit posts! I'm personally much more upset that the people with a problem feel that spamming the subreddit is the solution, i.e. you.
If this place isn't' the right place to be excited about bitcoin where the hell is?
@_date: 2019-02-26 15:46:04
You're projecting your own understanding of what being a bull means. I am a perma-bull for all intents and purposes. I sell all the time in the same way someone might spend from their savings. I also buy more all the time, in the same way someone might deposit to their savings. Being a perma bull doesn't mean "never sell unless absolutely necessary", and for engineers like Adam specifically I imagine it has absolutely nothing to do with price. It means Bitcoin has a grand future and permanent place in our society, that its technical underpinnings are purposefully resistant to change and unlikely to, and that it has current and future applied value greater than its dollar value.
@_date: 2019-12-06 06:25:09
The house in this instance is just cash for an OTC bitcoin trade. The agreement isn't to hold through volatility, there is no need for such an agreement. All of your expectations revolve around an escrow period that doesn't need to exist. Do the inspections up front, check the title yourself, then sign an agreement to send the bitcoin and sign over the house. The only period that any money is even in play is in the final moments at most days of the process, and there's nothing stopping either party from backing out before then because no commitment has been made by either party.
I again, don't think you're appreciating the abnormality of the context of this transaction. Most of your concerns seem misplaced be they about financing or USD values or laws covering escrow periods. Those are concerns for most people and purchases, but not in this context.
@_date: 2017-11-27 22:43:33
Any reading of this conversation would not result in the assumption you are being judged by the color of your skin. To rebuke a description of your privilege as bigoted and racist is perfectly ironic.
@_date: 2019-12-03 02:42:54


It was certainly positioning itself to be with its traditional banking VC and lobbying for things like at the time being discussed bitlicense. Everything they have done has been typical American enterprise behavior of shutting out and buying competitors while lobbying for the most favorable context - as in maintaining and growing market share while shutting out new entrants.


Not only more barriers than other exchanges abroad, but a leading name in attacking fungibility and blacklisting addresses even at the time. Most Coinbase users don't even use bitcoin. They store no keys they do not interact witht he protocol in any way shape or form. They are Coinbase users until they withdraw, not Bitcoin users. All they have is an IOU.


They have an obvious interest in bitcoin serving their business use cases, including subsidizing their network costs and making sure people do not use bitcoin directly, but through them custodially. That's what the NYA was all about for them - providing a stable user experience at low cost to businesses with no regard for the protocol or the participants they were pushing these costs on to. Makes perfect sense from the perspective of a self serving business, but it is a degradation of the protocol at the cost of the network participants for the businesses benefit.
@_date: 2017-11-26 17:55:36


I'm responding to this in the text which you quote. I don't believe this is one of the selling points of bitcoin. Bitcoin may not be corrupt in the same way, but for example its distribution is absurdly unequal as is fiat.
@_date: 2015-07-13 01:31:55
That's true enough. I spoke too generally.
@_date: 2019-12-01 13:28:11
Unless you make the calamitous series of errors OP did you won't need to worry about any of those things. Set your channel lock time to 2 weeks, longer than any UPS will last you. Backup your SCB when you make new channels, and backup your 24 word seed. Then don't do something stupid like try to commit fraud. Just like with Bitcoin directly, if you want to do something stupid and self destructive no one is going to stopyou.
@_date: 2015-08-06 14:39:31
I think this post is more about you and your losing of faith than anything else. The situation isn't anywhere near as desperate as implied, the consiquences of action or inaction not nearly as significant, ever lasting, or irreversible as some may fear. Assuring everyone that everything will be okay when everything already is okay is almost as bad as all the panic posts.
@_date: 2019-12-26 07:30:08
And what is worthwhile about his content? I see another market prognosticator and altcoin pumper based on his self description. "Cryptocurrencies | Data Analytics | Market Trends" is a tagline the type of person leading noobs into alts and anything else that might make a buck would use.
@_date: 2019-12-18 02:48:24
The SEC rules thing isn't a small issue IMO. The bathroom thing is just absurd, but it doesn't reflect on any other claims.
@_date: 2017-11-01 21:54:28
I think it's a sign of lack of intelligence when people judge each others intelligence on their chosen verbiage instead of their fucking ideas.
@_date: 2019-12-10 02:31:42
I hope everyone can find value in their lives, bitcoin or otherwise, and I hope they don't recklessly risk the things they value due to carelessness.
@_date: 2019-12-10 01:24:11
Hah. Spoken like someone who speaks before they think. 
I've been here for over 7 years and am passionately anti-exchange. I ushered people out of Quadriga for 9 months before it collapsed and I can tell you, just as the court monitors can tell you, that proof of keys had nothing to do with it despite their promotional claims otherwise. I am here saying these things BECAUSE I am anti exchange. These coins aren't leaving exchanges, this entire event is a justification for people to keep using exchanges when they shouldn't be. Just look at the exchange cold wallets.
@_date: 2019-12-26 05:27:15
Coinbase is never, ever the better way to make purchases. They would rather see bitcoin twisted to their means and leverage their userbase to attempt to affect protocol change in their favor. Never Coinbase.
@_date: 2017-11-26 18:26:48


I'm a software engineer. Decentralization was thought impossible as a system state before bitcoin. I believe that decentralization can be used as an anchor to build corruption resistant tool sets. Bitcoin needs to do everything possible to enhance its state of decentralization and fungibility, even if that means undesirable "currency" traits such as 10 minute confirmation delays and poor distribution. We can create the desirable currency traits on top of our decentralized state. As far as I am concerned decentralization as a network property might as well be the second coming of christ, it has the capacity to reshape the way we interact with the world.
@_date: 2019-12-10 05:03:06
No. Quadriga started exhibiting warning signs in January 2018 after losing billerfy as a payment partner and the Crypto Capital prosecutions later, but continued enabling withdrawals until November that year while the owner gambled what remained on other services. it eventually failed by December 2018 after the death of the owner. Proof of keys very obviously had nothing to do with it and it is absurd they are claiming it did.
@_date: 2019-12-06 19:12:55
Not only have I already addressed this concern in the form of the aforementioned agreement, but the seller is obviously very flexible and I'm sure could be persuaded to if not mitigate that risk then shoulder those costs.
These arguments of yours don't seem to be in good faith at all. It genuinely seems like you're just bitter OP regularly chooses not to use realtors and looking for any reason why that cannot possibly be safe.
@_date: 2017-11-26 20:26:00
I have a list for you. The highest quality of life countries in the world according to the world economic forum.
1. Finland  90.09
2. Canada  89.49
3. Denmark  89.39
4. Australia  89.13
5. Switzerland  88.87
6. Sweden  88.80
7. Norway  88.70
8. Netherlands  88.65
9. United Kingdom  88.58
10. Iceland  88.45
10. New Zealand  88.45
Notice something these countries have in common? Socialist policies.
You sound like the regurgitation of an American highschool civics class.
@_date: 2019-12-08 21:49:44
A fraction of people withdrawing their coins then putting them back in proves nothing, it only serves to give some members of the community a false sense of confidence in the security of their chosen exchange. This event is security theater. **People need to be keeping their coins off exchanges as much as possible all year, not one day of it**.
@_date: 2019-12-05 02:38:36
Sell your USDT for USD or back to bitcoin then USD. There is no such thing as recovering funds you spend.
@_date: 2019-12-15 03:57:10
He's not banned. People don't typically get banned for activity in outside communities like leading a misinformation campaign, scamming countless users trying to buy bitcoin while forcing the technical support on this community, countless brigades, and constant character attacks against individuals in the community.
Even if he was banned, he'd just consider it further ammunition in his absurd censorship narrative and make a propaganda piece out of it.
@_date: 2019-12-10 00:20:57
I think this is an absolutely stupid campaign that is directly lying to users about its past and potential results, and causes more harm than good by convincing people their exchanges are solvent when they may not be. It's also being spammed constantly. I'd like to see these posts removed as repetitive spam.
@_date: 2015-07-24 14:24:36
This seems a fairly false dichotomy. You can have bitcoin act as a "settlement layer" as described in B without catoring to large organizations. Such a system, while usable by banks, preserves the capacity to be independent of financial entities.
Not a fair question about plausible bitcoin futures at all. Situation A is impossible because fees MUST go up as the coinbase reward drops, and B sounds like a complete bowing to corporate interests which it is not.
@_date: 2019-12-26 20:58:55
Would that person's videos be allowed to be posted here? A lot of the content people are complaining was banned is altcoin and market related. That's why it falls under the harmful and dangerous content rule. Shitcoin are harmful and dangerous and so are the people peddling them.
It's not like there is no where else to post or host video on the internet. Even if there was some collateral damage and bitcoin specific creators got caught in the ban, with the sheer volume of bullshit on youtube regarding crypto it is still a net win.
@_date: 2019-12-18 00:13:16
The size limit is a client side channel size limit and it's removable. With MPP/AMP it's practically irrelevant since you can combine multiple channels for a single transaction.
@_date: 2019-02-12 15:55:28
Luke is an engineer. His thoughts are very valid from that perspective. But those thoughts will never find consensus as evidenced by the big block fight, so it's kind of a moot point. I think it was Newbery who said something like "Luke has a way of being right but in a way that is certain to piss everyone off"
@_date: 2019-12-06 07:35:32
You need to stop gambling with money you can't afford to lose. That's like rule  behind "Not your keys not your coins". It sounds like you're still doing that.
@_date: 2019-04-09 19:45:02
Someone should reach out to [grass hill alpacas]( I don't even think they know they are [legend](
@_date: 2019-02-12 17:43:52
By a large margin? It's a single peak caused almost entirely by 1 sat/byte transactions that is only 10k transactions over the previous peak in the 30 day timespan. If you move out even further to 3 months it's not even the highest peak anymore.
Why are you raising the alarms?
@_date: 2019-02-21 15:56:34
I do more transactions against an SQL server every day than you do on EOSBet.
Does that put how ridiculous your comparison is into perspective?
@_date: 2019-12-04 10:24:18
That's just replacing the security of bitcoin with the security of another arbitrary voting scheme. That's just another altcoin.
Two way pegs aren't where they need to be to do what you want. Consensus by random committee is a terrible, terrible model of governance and security. Don't make false claims about your federated project and decentralization. I'm not even sure this should be allowed to be posted.
@_date: 2019-12-08 01:16:31
This is **exactly** the kind of harm I am talking about. Quadriga went on for another 10 months servicing withdrawals despite losing billerfy around Jan 13th 2018. I spent the next 9 months arguing with people to get off that exchange when it collapsed in November 2018. Proof of keys had absolutely nothing to do with it. People are deluding themselves into thinking proof of keys keeps them safe.
@_date: 2019-04-05 00:20:49
It is your to spend in one following onchain transaction at will. Saying it is not yours to spend is like saying bitcoin is not yours to spend because the fee will come from your balance. The only difference is how the fee is shown to you.
@_date: 2019-12-08 00:28:16
It did not demonstrate any exchange was insolvent that I am aware of, only a small percentage of known exchange cold wallets moved.
@_date: 2019-12-18 01:18:11
Either the claims have merit or they don't, but there are some troubling ones. I seems like it would be a very stupid idea as a blackmailer to test frivolous claims in court at your own expense while possibly exposing your blackmail and triggering a criminal suit against yourself.
Blackmail or not, if the claims have any merit at all it is something bitcoin users should be aware of.
@_date: 2019-12-10 00:57:34
Their own website claims the event proves ownership of coins on the part of exchanges.
@_date: 2019-12-26 05:31:55
Questions like this are better for the daily thread stickied at the top of the sub, otherwise we'd have a million "do I buy now?" posts.
@_date: 2017-11-01 14:04:03
No we won't. 1. You should be getting your hard news from the mailing lists. 2. A minority of rbitcoins posts are ATH clutter or complaints about ATH clutter. Quit being ridiculous.
Bitcoin has become a culture as much as anything else. It is important people be excited about it. Quit raining on the parade.
@_date: 2017-11-07 23:21:12
As you admit not all nodes are created equal, and they provide an important security function to the network. That means they do mean something impactful regarding this fork which spinning up superfluous nodes cannot impact beyond propoganda, just as economic consensus means something impactful. You choose to ignore these faxts because they are inconvenient.
@_date: 2019-12-10 00:52:33
Quit living in a fantasy and look at the behaviour of the people promoting it in these threads and look at the exchange cold wallets that move. A minority of people participate in this event. It is obvious that this is not resulting in fewer people on exchanges, it is used as a justification for why it's safe for people to sit on exchanges - which it isn't.
In none of these threads do you see useful information about securing your own keys. In none of these threads do you hear about people who got their coins off exchanges during the last event and never moved them back. They all openly talk about how they moved them back, participated last year and will again. There is an objective reality around you that clashes with your fantasy.
@_date: 2019-12-17 03:53:38
It is AMP and it looks amazing.
@_date: 2019-12-26 05:30:34
This video has been posted many times before, isn't yours yet is monetized, and includes a half dozen free crypto spam links.
@_date: 2017-11-08 16:24:59
When one party threatens to control a majority of any of the networks security mechanisms, nodes or miners, the network has defensive capacities such as those just discussed. That isn't a changing of the rules those are the rules. Kind of embarassing not to know if you have been invested since 2010. The only one spreading any kind of misinformation here is you. Your wildly naive and simplistic understanding of the decentralized security model is at odds with the directly observable evidence of this security model in action, such as this thread. Such as BIP148. Such as the PR campaigns which have resulted in shifts of mining power every time a pool nears 50%. You are blinding yourself to obvious facts.
@_date: 2019-02-02 20:09:08
linux distros are not a replacement for good security practices nor are they virus proof. Nearly every hacked website or business you've ever heard of was running linux.
@_date: 2019-12-30 22:32:04
We try not to let more than 3 memes in the top 10 and encourage you to report low quality memes early and often. I don't think it is at all fair to say most of the content here is memes. They just get voted lots as the most accessible content reaching the lowest common denominator.
@_date: 2019-04-08 15:40:25
You have a very warped view of technical discussion if you think it is comparable to a political convention. It is not a self congratulating, self aggrandizing effort. There is no universal think but many experts from many backgrounds discussing their perspectives, much as does the IETF.
People want low fees, no one needs to tell the the technical community that. Low fees are not a justification for harming the security or integrity of the network.
These developers do not work for you, they are volunteers. If you want something build it and see who else agrees. That's why bcash exists. If you don't agree with Bitcoins development or rational there are many alternatives willing to sacrifice network integrity for end user convenience. 
Your view of the other communities where technical discussion typically happens seems to be a fantasy of what you imagine it would be like versus what it actually is.
@_date: 2019-12-31 23:09:00
Good luck!
@_date: 2019-12-02 10:51:15
I just wanted to let you know people are asking in the subreddit chat if you'd extend your sale to cyber monday.
@_date: 2019-02-01 06:50:12
~~You might look into [ifpaythenthat](
Check out lightning publisher
@_date: 2019-12-26 10:16:10
Would he be allowed to post the content here or is it all about altcoins and you just don't think altcoins and ICO's are scammy?
@_date: 2019-12-31 22:23:08
The "best" way depends on your priorities and location. If your priority is a new friendly experience in the US, Gemini and cashapp do an okay job. If your priority is no KYC and no counterparts risk p2p services like bisq are the best. If your goal is just trading high volume low fee derivatives are possibly an option, like bitmex.  Other options in the US if fees are your concern include bitstamp, kraken, and bitfinex.
@_date: 2019-12-18 01:49:46
I guess we'll see, right now all these things are simply allegations from a self claimed whistleblower who was fired. Kraken hasn't offered any alternative version of events yet and nothing has been tested in court.
Still, it's good to be aware of these kind of things early. Everyone who escaped Quadriga after ex-employees raised alarms knows the value in keeping your ear to the ground.
@_date: 2019-12-08 01:27:49
Removed because of off topic, it's a blockchain talk.
@_date: 2019-12-25 23:28:23
Yes. I'm of the opinion content like this should be removed, and sometimes it is. It's more difficult when it is caught so late and trying to be consistent with other mods to keep it fair. I'd be a lot more strict on self promoting content and the 10% rule if it was my unilateral call.
@_date: 2019-12-03 00:29:24
There is no context in which this kind of begging is allowed. Sorry.
@_date: 2019-02-10 19:18:26
Keep it up, work for that ban. This is no place for gender politics.
@_date: 2019-02-28 15:51:32
The time to delete Coinbase as a community was after the NYA and S2X drama. They are the antithesis of Bitcoin and have attacked Bitcoin.
How some people could be upset about this acquisition as opposed to their other behaviour blows my mind.
@_date: 2017-11-17 22:39:54
This subreddit is the face of the community. Walking into it is like walking into a bar. There is uproarious laughter, the clinking of drinks, and at times some very interesting discussion. To walk into that bar and say "Hey there is way too much fun happening here! We need to get rid of the obnoxious behaviour and the noise so that I can get what I want out of this place and learn a little bit about wine tasting! Also it looks just terrible for new comers who want to learn about alcohol!" makes you kind of up your own ass. There are many great places for learning about bitcoin, for getting bitcoin news. You don't need to change this bar as per your whims to get it.
Thinking that your vision of a better r/bitcoin is anyone elses vision of a better r/bitcoin, or that it's even necessary, is so full of yourself and self absorbed that of course you are going to be called selfish for it. We're all just going to keep drinking and laughing at you, and if you're lucky point you to the wine tasting bar down the street. Go to the mailing list, read the bitcoin stack, visit the IRC. Don't make anyone else change for you.
@_date: 2019-02-06 22:18:48
I'm not really sure what you mean when you say there are no API's for bitcoin. So many services have built custom bitcoin API's on top of services like Core, bcoin, and btcd all of which expose their own API's. Entire protocols with their own API's like lightning have grown on top of the community, as well countless projects like BTCPay and block explorers all exposing API's for Bitcoin services.
What kind of interface are you looking for or feel isn't being made?
@_date: 2019-02-01 19:40:58
Are you saying it wasn't? Not only had Quadriga themselves acknowledged the CIBC/billerfy issues and the public ether loss by October, but members of the community like myself have spent every opportunity to dissuade people from entering Quadriga for a year now. If that doesn't qualify as public knowledge I don't know what does. How could anybody miss the endless stream of complaints that withdrawals weren't being processed or the explicit acknowledgments by Quadriga that they were having withdrawal issues and inaccessible millions of dollars?
@_date: 2019-02-15 18:19:45
It's amazing how much better this would be received if they just said "We're building a better clearing system for our depositors funds and any other depositors funds that want to use our infrastructure. It's faster, it's safer, and it's cheaper than current solutions. Stay tuned while we sign up partners!"
Has nothing to do with cryptocurrency or stablecoins or anything.
@_date: 2019-12-06 20:19:21
So again, a list of invalid assumptions and projections. You'll find it a lot easier to argue when you don't do that. Try to base the content of your comments on the content of the thread not your imagination.
@_date: 2019-12-05 04:05:59
Why would the funds be gone forever? just trade your USDT.
@_date: 2019-12-07 19:15:38
As always I feel obligated to comment I think this event is not only pointless, but harmful. This does not prove solvency of exchanges, it gives people a false sense of confidence in their exchanges. Instead of a culture of security theater once a year we need to ALWAYS be keeping our coins off exchanges. Use leverage to reduce your counterpart risks and hedge traders. Do not leave the majority of your coins sitting on exchange and do not delude yourself into thinking this event equates to "proof of keys" . It does not.
@_date: 2019-12-06 21:18:10
An excellent rebuke of the criticisms, but seeing as how this is a bitcoin community and not a realtor community I think I'll stay. If you don't want to respond to criticism then don't. No one is making you reply with immature defensive comments.
@_date: 2019-12-06 21:10:47
You have the maturity of a teenager. Allow me to jog your memory of the many times you've suggested that OP needs to do things through a realtor and appealed to your authority as a realtor.




Okay, so you're a brilliant realtor and you've declared doing things OP way (or any other the other people who have successfully sold homes for Bitcoin since 2013 when the first one was) are stupid.


What is the safe way according to you if not through a realtor and via the totally inapplicable methodology you describe used in 99% of instances? As it's all you've talked about I don't know what other conclusions you expect people to draw.
You have spent a dozen comments all over this thread pontificating about your expertise and the risks that apply to completely different situations than OPs and ignored being repeatedly called out on it except to lash out.
Grow up.
@_date: 2019-12-06 07:55:18
It's a great deal for the buyer. It's been acknowledged the price is below market, and the seller is clearly open to accommodating any needs the buyer has. We have a culture here of research, education, and diligence. There's nothing blind about it.


You know what they say about assumptions. You've made a lot of those in your many posts in this thread, and when it's noted very few of them are relevant you just jump to another thing equally presumptuous.
You have a problem with this for reasons not related to the actual sale of this house.
@_date: 2019-04-04 04:16:19
It's not crippled and it continues to be used as a currency, transacting more volume than any other cryptocurrency and doing it more securely too. Stop spreading lies.
@_date: 2017-11-08 04:24:40


I have explicitly answered this question by detailing the defensive properties these nodes play in many replies. I won't repeat them again because you have failed to read them but I will quote myself.










Then you say something absurd like: "Since you cannot give any evidence to your claims"


You aren't reading, this is not an honest argument or discussion of ideas.


No one here is saying miners don't play an important role in security or attack vectors. You are arguing against a strawman.
I'm unwilling to continue this one sided dialogue until you demonstrate you have read anything which has been said to you.
@_date: 2017-11-01 15:11:01
It *was* just a few weeks ago.
@_date: 2017-11-26 20:49:13
Language is regional. I am also a Canadian (an Albertan even, the least socialist of the provinces) and I was certainly taught we and many many other countries have socialist policies. American culture is the only region I'm aware of where socialist has a distorted meaning equating to radical leftism and totalitarian dictatorship.
@_date: 2019-04-08 16:06:34
Within seconds he was in the other sub commenting how he was banned as expected. Between literally asking for it, repeatedly spreading misinformation he was corrected on, expecting a ban in the first place, and then celebrating that ban on the other sub it is pretty clear what the OP's intentions were all along.
@_date: 2019-12-18 06:12:27
Sorry I missed your reply and heavily edited my previous comment to better address yours while I was doing some other things.
I do believe you're correct that the typical strategy in these cases is to force a settlement and many claims are plausibly false, or half truths, and may never be explored further. Maybe it's all false and this is a guy with money and a vendetta.
I don't really have any basis with which to judge the face value of many of these accusations. I only know if they were true I would find that reason to avoid Kraken. I don't see any reason anyone would be able to make a determination of the face value of these claims based on a one sided accusatory document. There's just no information at all outside the explicit facts someone is making these claims and taking them to court claiming to be a whistle blower.
@_date: 2019-12-10 00:13:07
This has nothing to do with proof of keys and it is amazing how people continue to support such a stupid event. Less than 10% of deposits pulling out and then going back in the next day is not a run on a bank and does not expose fractional reserves. It gives people a false sense of security and they are outright lying about the claims of exchanges that have been allegedly impacted by proof of keys in the past.
Stop supporting stupid things that can't possibly have the effects they claim, reduce counterparty risk EVERY DAY.
@_date: 2019-06-03 06:40:57
Oh well, that's the ISP's problem. Price is the same for me either way might as well help bootstrap those nodes. Thanks for the work. It sounds like this will help people trying to use the minimum amount of resources which is where it really matters.
@_date: 2019-12-02 20:38:30
Honestly I think that's just a lack of confidence talking because it isn't nearly as complicated as you make out.


Then set your timelock for longer than 2 weeks. Or close your channels.


Pretty much every bitcoin service and business requires a hot wallet. If it was impractical to secure one we'd have a lot more problems than lightning.


 Watchtower don't selectively not do their jobs, and you can use as many as you want including your own. Going on vacation doesn't need to equate to every piece of hardware in the world going offline either. Throw up a watchtower on AWS if it concerns you. No trust involved. It's also worth noting if you only send never receive or your side of the channel is empty you have zero risk of theft and can leave your channels offline all you want.


Backing up two files instead of one isn't really that much more complicated. Both require configuration and decisions about how and where you choose to trust. Whether or not to be custodial, special care and attention when your keys are hot, how to store backups.  Any decision made poorly can result in losing all your coins.


It's a client side restriction that can be turned off and only exists as a safety feature because lightning is still so nascent. That's where the real risk is and the only thing you don't seem worried about - lightning bugs.


It's a batching mechanism. Pay one fee, get as many transactions as you want out of that bitcoin value. That you have to then pay a new fee to get another set of N transactions instead of paying an onchain fee for every transaction is a great feature.


It's a series of trade offs. Hot wallet and 2 backups in exchange for unlimited scaling private free instant transactions. While not suitable for every use case, it's suitable for many and those benefits are more than competitive with both Onchain bitcoin and all these scam alts. It's instant, POW secured, scales, private, and essentially free. If it's not competitive it is because it blows the competition out of the water.
@_date: 2017-11-05 23:22:59
Market liquidity is in the billions. You could literally sell 1 billion dollars in bitcoin and the market would take a moderate dip.
@_date: 2017-11-30 16:40:14
Bullshit. Coinbase is a cancer to this network. They centralize user funds. They attempt to usurp the protocol. They reverse orders. I could give a shit that their servers go offline, they are bad for the ecosystem. Noobs need to learn how to store their own bitcoin instead of rely on Coinbase. I honestly hope they get hacked to teach this new generation of users what mtgox was like. Only then will we see people using bitcoin instead of using Coinbase and I would happily sit through another 2 year bear market to watch it happen.
@_date: 2017-11-26 22:09:59
Did you read the bolded text describing what social ownership means in the context?
Bitcoin is absolutely an embodiment of libertarian ideology. That doesn't change the fact that decentralized properties could significantly increase accountability in all forms of governance, just especially left leaning ones which concentrate power so significantly. Bitcoin is programmable money. Can you imagine a state using Bitcoin as it's currency, whose taxes are collected in Bitcoin or a higher layer side chain and whose spending is entirely transparent? Can you further imagine when typical abuse of power takes root having the social ability to revoke all monetary access from the acting government and trigger an election monitorable and executed on a side chain resolving to Bitcoin? Blockchain is Bitcoin is decentralization, and it has the potential to change governance as we know it for all models.
@_date: 2017-11-26 21:00:40
I don't recall ever having participated in a formal debate or class, but if what you're saying is I have effectively rebuked you I agree.
@_date: 2015-07-23 14:45:36
Have you ever been to Cuba? Your actions may put locals in danger. When I went a couple years ago the police would regularly detain and interrogate locals who were caught talking extensively or in the evening with tourists. I felt bad , sometimes I would want to talk about politics and I could see the fear in their faces should we be overheard. All the staff at tourist locations were faithful communist party members and screened specifically for those posts. Just be careful, don't evangelize.
@_date: 2019-04-17 00:58:23
No problems migrating. Very easy. Thanks for the work.
@_date: 2019-12-18 05:32:45
He claims to have been fired for informing people of things like doing business with entities on the OFAC list. He pretty explicitly details the people (Ng) he claims to have alerted and their resulting inaction.
Again, these are all untested claims, and based on the content of the suit I'd say the plaintiff has a very good understanding of the Kraken business and even notes several people who don't (employee 1).
The plaintiff alleges to have signed a lease enabling Kraken to use his address as the recorded address of Kraken for their servicing financial partners. He was employed as a financial analyst not an executive. It's not really appropriate at all IMO.
I agree with you that these are not facts, but accusations - but I don't think you've even read the claims based on some of your criticisms of them.
@_date: 2019-04-10 00:23:54
In order for your argument to be accurate it would imply all of Bitcoins value is additive to the preexisting economy, none of it supplants it. Why do you think that is the null hypothesis when people  have to take fiat and purchase bitcoin to get exposure?
I can tell you at least one anecdote of a bank that has lost accounts due to that activity moving to bitcoin, mine. My money would be sitting in one of their investment plans or accounts if it wasn't for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-04-11 19:32:49
Calling a lie a lie is a conspiracy theory?
Can you see ol' glory with your head so far up your own ass?
@_date: 2019-04-09 13:58:54
Trezor [claim]( you can run their backend with a full node.
@_date: 2015-07-28 21:51:10
I am pretty sure executing your own will after informing concerned parties with offers to join you isn't blackmail. Calling it blackmail implies an impressively controlling attitude on the part of the blackmailed and I would hope the child is quite a bit younger than 14 if that is the case. Someone 14 years old should be encouraged to include their parents in things they are interested in, not forbidden from them and considered a blackmailer for instigating the activity.
Sounds like an over protective parent.
@_date: 2019-12-26 05:11:24
Honestly? Good.
So much of crypto youtube is the promotion of altcoins and scams by people who have no idea what they are talking about. We don't let that content be promoted here, why should youtube?
So long as they aren't banning professional content from professional people like Andreas and conferences and other educational resources I think them removing that content is entirely appropriate. General crypto content is not educational.
@_date: 2019-12-08 22:23:21
This is not how proof of keys functions because only the smallest fraction of users are active social media users and will engage in it, as well it doesn't move corporate keys. There can be zero expectation that this event will ever do what it claims, meaning the only result is people with a false sense of security thinking their exchange is safe to hold on.
That site's "failures" are entirely people blocked for AML reasons. Not the results of runs on any exchange. Some of the failures, like quadriga, had NOTHING to do with proof of keys.  It's all lies and marketing.
@_date: 2017-11-17 18:46:38
I don't think it's a matter of Garzik being an incompetent dev, but being the only dev and having absolutely no review. Everyone makes mistakes like this even Peter. Are we also going to pretend there has never been an off by one error in Core that was caught in review?
The fork is dead, can we return to a climate of civility someday soon?
@_date: 2019-04-08 14:47:32
I hate these discussions. It always ends up with laymen at the throats of engineers who won't give them what they want for reasons they cannot appreciate.
Reddit is the worst place for these discussions. It's not where the developers are. Serious discussions about consensus changes are best started in the mailinglist, git, or IRC meetings. Developers don't define consensus, but it is the best place to iron out engineering challenges and debate the technical merit of ideas before presenting them in the form of BIPS to the public. Nothing productive is accomplished by having this discussion on reddit, it's just going to lead to thousands of opinionated posts by people who have never run a node let alone touched the source.
I also think these discussions are prompted by the one thing most irrelevant to raising a blocksize - fees. Fees are a defensive mechanism of the network. The blocksize cap and the fees act to reduce the impact of resource consuming attacks by making them expensive. This makes fee events an inevitability, a desirable one compared to the alternative where nodes shoulder an unlimited amount of spam. Even outside of attacks Bitcoin will have fees. It's either that or start attacking our own underlying decentralization which none of us are willing to do. I will never, ever support a blocksize increase because a user expects bitcoin to be free or cheap to transact. That is a misguided expectation. 
As for the actual suggestion of raising block sizes I think it is wholly unnecessary. Blocks keep clearing and fees keep going back down. My mempool was entirely clear just a few hours ago. I'd sooner support smaller blocks than I would big blocks. The blockchain is literally an append only data structure. It currently consumes ~250 GB. My full node is using ~2 TB of bandwidth monthly. Raising the blocksize without a solution in place to address the consequences in propagation time and the additional node running cost is a failing solution. We can't run spv wallets without full nodes to serve them, and spv wallets aren't secure. The idea everyone should run a wallet on their phone without a full node is a terrible network architecture goal.
@_date: 2019-04-08 15:09:31
Judge an idea not a person. Tonal bitcoin is a ridiculous idea. A blocksize decrease is not. It is sound engineering based on basic, inescapable facts.
Yes, you are at fault for urging people as you put it to do anything. Where is your BIP? Refer us to some engineering discussion. Show us some code. What makes you so sure of yourself that you think jumping from zero to consensus debate is appropriate? 
@_date: 2019-04-04 23:02:10
By using lightning on Bitcoin you are saying you want to trust Bitcoins security model for your transactions. Force closing a channel is the act of resolving to that security model and as an onchain action requires an onchain fee. This is what makes lightning trustless, and while it doesn't mean you need to pay the onchain fee for every transaction it does mean you have to reserve fess and potentially pay it for closing channels to protect yourself from fraud or any other reason you might have to close a channel. It's meant to be an uncommon event and the cheap price to pay for unlimited near free trustless transactions secured by Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-04-11 18:54:17
Wikileaks absolutely has published content on American crimes. There was the releases relevant to [Abu Ghraib]( and the [covered up killings of journalists]( to name just two off the top of my head. Wikileaks has done Americans and many other nationalities an enormous public service in illuminating the actions of their government and introducing transparency.
Lets have another real world example.
"Stolen" documents are published describing the governments crimes in China regarding the "reeducating" of Muslims. Very real human rights violations, just like the very real human rights violations funded or executed by the US government globally. Publishing or possessing these documents is a crime in China.
If an American anywhere in the world was publishing this content, do you think Americans would support extradition, or an extradition treaty generally with China? Of course not.
America and China use the exact same playbook when dealing with the human rights violations they are responsible for including the barring of international investigators and prosecutors as just recently happened with the ICC prosecutors investigating American human rights violations in Afghanistan. Every action is comparable in how China and America deal with these situations, yet in each jurisdiction each party vilifies the other and claims no wrong doing themselves. To not acknowledge this is to ignore obvious public evidence in favor of blind patriotic dogma.
Thinking Assange did what he did self servingly is to equally ignore the obvious costs his actions have had. 7 years confinement. Even prison have yard time. He'd only even get 5 years max in the US. These are the thoughts of an unthinking, dogmatic patriot. Not someone surveying the evidence to reach a conclusion.
@_date: 2019-04-11 19:21:48
Then why were all the FOIA requests denied from reuters, and why was a false narrative provided that the DoD had no idea how these civilians died?
The facts clash with your fantasies.
@_date: 2019-04-17 15:29:24
Electrum is a privacy leaking, DDoS vulnerable, random node trusting mess. By what measure is it the best wallet?
@_date: 2019-12-17 03:56:23
Multi-part-payments means you aren't limited to sending the balance of a single channel in a transaction or using one pathway, you can combine all of your channels funds to make payments in multiple parts. It's a huge user experience improvement when it gets widely adopted.
@_date: 2019-04-21 20:12:22
It's a set of parties competing for your fee that you don't have to trust.
@_date: 2019-04-04 20:35:42
As far as bitcoin reporting goes this was done pretty well. Each guest did a good job speaking to the topics they understand best.
@_date: 2017-11-20 02:08:56
We have been campaigning against these companies for near half a year. I just explained what is wrong with a state of constant alarm and campaigning, it dilutes the urgency and impact of legitimate needs for campaigns in crisis like the one we just passed. Not to mention it is pretty much the definition of preaching to the choir after so many months.
@_date: 2017-11-02 00:58:35
Hit $9200 CAD. Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy?
@_date: 2019-04-23 05:52:14
The quality is pretty mixed. They are often an altcoin shilling hotspot.
@_date: 2019-04-17 15:46:06
No they aren't. No wallet has as poor an SPV infrastructure as SPV electrum, and as a result it has been the target of ceaseless attacks.
Most SPV wallets use a trusted third party instead of a random trusted third party like electrum. That's the key attack vector which leads to everything I just described - the privacy leaking, the benefit of DDoSing honest electrum servers and spooling up as many of your own as possible to increase odds of victims connecting, and the broken error system vulnerable to injection didn't help either.
@_date: 2019-12-02 10:37:59
Sorry, but this post is incoherent.
@_date: 2017-04-04 02:43:27
What about applying segwit to a 2mb fork makes that 2mb fork even more prone to centralization than it would be on its own? I understand that the larger that blocks are the less incidents of full block verification we're likely to see, but I was under the impression the whole advantage of segregating the witness data is that it reduces the need for full block verification.
@_date: 2019-04-11 04:46:35
You're ignoring real evidence, I'm not sure why. That real evidence is the people like me, many of them in this sub and all of them represented by the fiat to bitcoin trade volume which can be objectively observed, storing their money outside a bank. I'm not sure if you're aware but investment accounts are the leading profit generators for banks and money sitting in Bitcoin isn't sitting in those accounts. The evidence you are ignoring is all the fiat that could otherwise be in interest yielding accounts and profit generating investments is in Bitcoin and that costs the banks something.
@_date: 2019-04-11 19:35:20
Great so if no one lied and there are no problems with the content being published there is no need to prosecute Assange. Open and shut case Johnson.
I do have a problem with the willfully ignorant, that's true.
@_date: 2019-04-17 14:52:08
I'm not sure how you expect them to answer it other than "now?". They have a lightning implementation in clightning. Go check it out.
@_date: 2019-04-09 18:36:24
Holding is a use. Bitcoin has dozens of use cases.
@_date: 2017-11-27 01:20:07


@_date: 2017-11-26 22:24:07




@_date: 2019-04-04 21:38:50
All part of the learning curve, we're very early days in lightning still.
@_date: 2019-04-17 16:16:23
The default configuration is dangerous and opens up attack vectors. It's a poor design. If other nodes get DDoS'd it doesn't impact users the same way as electrum because they aren't picking random people to trust. If you are looking for an SPV wallet with full node integration and much more reasonable default configurations try BRD or Green.
I asked you by what metric electrum was the best, you've yet to provide any metric.
Please do not let your ignorance about the safety of electrum endanger other users. If the constant stickies warning of attacks, the talks at seemingly every conference, and the warnings from every capable developer in the space aren't enough to deter you that's fine. But don't sit here proclaiming electrum is perfectly safe and a well designed, trustless infrastructure. The best, even. It flies in the face of facts.
@_date: 2019-04-09 16:46:30
And thus a new altcoin no one uses is born. Developers don't have power in this space beyond the power every individual has to define the consensus rules they abide by. People who don't understand this are accustom to using services where what a developer implements is the service. It's so hard to get people to think about Bitcoin outside the logical structures they usually apply.
@_date: 2017-11-26 20:17:39


With equality of opportunity in my opinion.


Did you go to highschool? You read english? You know how many people in the world don't meet those two criteria?


Have you any appreciation how much of the world lives paycheque to paycheque and cannot afford weed? How much of the world struggles to put food on the table if they are lucky enough to have a job?
Everything you're saying sounds as if from the perspective of someone in a bubble. A white middle class north american bubble. Have you ever considered that most people in the world don't live a life like you do? You've taken for granted so many things as basic as the language you speak and having disposable income.
@_date: 2019-04-11 16:35:42
I gave several real world examples illustrating the rejection of those laws when applied and the double standard of their application. How are those not real points?
You sound like an American framing everything through American law. Think internationally, beyond your borders and law.
@_date: 2019-04-22 15:05:21
Some Albertan flare sites don't flare anymore because they can't afford the carbon emissions, but build a natural gas power plant and seacans full of bitcoin miners instead. Don't know if it would work as well in the hot south as the cold north but it is pretty neat to see.
@_date: 2019-04-28 20:17:25
Then don't be excited I guess. Doesn't change the rate at which it is coming. I'm excited. There are a lot of upgrades which will likely be coming at the same general time and they are enormous improvements.
Do you remember how long segwit took? It was well over 3 years between inception of the idea and activation. It would have still been several years even without the controversy.
@_date: 2015-07-12 15:59:23
Are you sure you know enough about bitcoin to comment on it? Bitcoin is the only transparently trackable currency on the planet and the only one available in every country, even when that availability is limited.
@_date: 2019-04-05 00:37:00
If you have bitcoin it costs a fee to spend it, always. You are only shown that fee when you attempt to spend it. You seem fine with this.
If you have bitcoin in a lightning channel, which is just a fancy bitcoin address, it costs a fee to send that bitcoin onchain, always. Lightning services show that fee upfront as a commit fee and most UI's remove that estimated fee from the balance.
The issue you are complaining about is functionally no different than having a bitcoin wallet that subtracts the current estimated fee from your balance numbers. I can understand why it appears alarming, but it's not. It's also not a case of not being your money any longer.
@_date: 2019-04-21 20:39:07
You don't have to trust them to keep their machines on. The more that turn them off the more profitable it becomes for those that don't meaning there will always be miners. The only relevant question is what is the security of the network at a given moment which obviously is reduced by fewer miners.
@_date: 2017-04-25 15:49:48
Do miners not continue to mine bitcoin? Your Nash equilibrium at work.
@_date: 2019-04-30 08:04:18
I think this is something that people who didn't buy like to tell themselves, but I believe the truth is there are tons of people around from the early days still who have likely held on to some Bitcoin. Why wouldn't you? At those time frames and those price jumps after you sell what little is necessary to cover your purchase you're playing with house money.
@_date: 2017-04-26 06:23:50


I disagree.  Miners acting in a manner aligned with their incentives are exactly what keeps the protocol resistant to change and accomplishes the gatekeeping you speak of. This is a desirable property of the network. An undesirable property would be exaggerating the role of political will yielding politicization of the blockchain as a security function (and liability).
@_date: 2019-04-27 16:39:38
About half the exchanges hacked have had insurance - the question is what does that insurance cover? The answer is almost assuredly not 100% of deposits. Even your bank doesn't insure 100% of deposits and they are at much lower risk of losing their customers money.
Don't be a nitwit and rely on blanket assumptions of insurance. Seems like just a few weeks ago people were saying exactly what you are about Quadriga.
@_date: 2017-04-13 20:25:15
That seems like a grossly irresponsible use of the bitcoin.com domain.
@_date: 2017-04-26 17:43:25
If you have some idea that creates a decentralized network on strictly cryptographic properties I'd be interested to hear it. And I'm not arguing economics, I'm arguing game theory. The reason we have bitcoin persisting on the economic security model it does is because up until this point in time it's thought to be impossible to create a decentralized network on purely cryptographic properties. If you've broken this barrier you will be heralded indeed.
If you think bitcoin right now persists on a cryptographic security model you have a grave misunderstanding about the mechanisms of bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-04-30 16:33:02
Bitcoin not blockchain.
RSK lost my support with some truly terrible decisions, from ICOing its own layers on top of RSK which are completely unnecessary to a dedicated 25% fee on all transactions to continuing to keep their service privately registered for years to having no path forward to becoming unfederated. It's very disappointing, I had a lot of hope for RSK originally.
@_date: 2017-04-20 21:41:55
Seems dishonest to suggest bitcoin is trading around $1000 among other things. That's not even picking the lowest exchange, that's undervaluing the lowest exchange.
@_date: 2017-04-03 15:22:23
This part of the show was pretty stupid in premise. If the central authority had one of their self created exchange rates changed their response wouldn't be suicide but simply changing it back.
@_date: 2019-04-04 22:51:54
You only "lose them" if you spend them actually closing the channel. As is they are simply sitting in a fluctuating reserve. They are entirely yours to spend closing the channel at whim.
@_date: 2019-04-10 15:00:32
John Newberry and Peter Todd have expressed some concerns about the assumptions users have about neutrinos trust model at [the unconfiscatable conference](
Lukejr has also commented that neutrino is just another broken bloom filter solution. I believe he said something to the effect of there are [no 'real' SPV solutions](
@_date: 2019-04-17 14:26:12
1. [Download the proper binary]( from the LND release page for your CPU and OS. For you probably [Linux AMD 64](
2. Using your terminal navigate to wherever you have downloaded the file and unzip it with:
    tar xzf lnd-linux-amd64-v0.6-beta.tar.gz
3. Run the extracted lnd and lndcli. A migration will take place when you start which you will hardly notice. You can now backup your channels using channels.backup among many other new features
Alternatively, I like to build from master. I just navigate to the lnd directory and run:
    git pull
    GO111MODULE=on go install -v ./...
And I'm done. I have to drop the "GO111MODULE=on " part on Windows, but it's super easy to update and compile from master.
@_date: 2017-04-26 16:58:49
Any increase in politicization of the blockchain is an undesirable property. Offering this via a consensus mechanic, a UASF while not under direct attack, or simply giving BIP 9 a user veto introduces such political mechanisms. These mechanisms are entirely unnecessary and degrade the security model by introducing political vulnerabilities.
@_date: 2019-04-02 19:39:02
There are at least two places on this sub to talk price at including celebrity predictions: the daily thread and the price chat. That's explicitly what they were made for, to avoid cluttering the front page when important content like cdeckers lightning talk are currently being overlooked.
Why do you think that's a bad thing?
@_date: 2017-04-03 20:36:35
Think that entire thought through. You're the president of the galactic empire. Your state acts as a central currency authority, dictating the worth of currencies your state issue. Someone breaks into your stock and currency exchange and changes the listed price of your galactic currency to $0. What happens?
Well, surely people begin by trying to buy some free galactic currency. Its cost is 0 after all. Investing in something that unexpectedly has no value seems an obvious and risk free venture. Those people have to buy their free currency from somewhere and they do so from the exchange that sets the price, the one that's hacked.
So you're the president, people are trying to buy - from you - a bunch of currency that you print and you've listed as free. What do you do? Is the answer kill yourself? Is the answer dive for the pants of the first person you see? No. The answer is the same as anytime the price of something is listed incorrectly. The price is corrected and any goods that were successfully sold at the incorrect price are either honored or withheld.
The idea of "well what do you pay the person that is going to fix the problem with?" has absolutely nothing to do with the solution to the problem, payment means need not ever change.
The irony of your post is that it exposed so many people who don't understand fiat at all, yourself included.
@_date: 2019-04-11 01:59:02
It's accurate in that it is selective of the facts, and not representative of the whole - which is why my initial comment is that both statements are true.
@_date: 2019-04-16 16:15:56
Use your words to spread Bitcoin and what it means to you, don't leave stickers all over town.
@_date: 2019-04-28 19:57:32
Not for a long time. Responsible, conservative development and peer review is necessary. We'll see it in altcoins and layers first. It's a network securing billions of dollars. The necessary engineering diligence for a successful implementation of hard money dwarfs what most people expect, much to the frustration of developers and users alike but IMO very much to the benefit of the network as a whole.
@_date: 2019-04-17 16:49:12
I have explained what happens and I will explain it again. As I said the attack vector only exists because electrum connects to a random node on a list. If you DDoS a different service you can only stop that one node from functioning - on one else is attacked. A single node is denied service. With elctrum you can DDoS every node on the list that isn't yours and put up many of your own, so you aren't denying service to electrum users you're providing the service. As the service provider you are trusted, you gain details about users addresses and they trust your outputs. We have seen cases where attackers will do things like send error messages to connecting peers telling them electrum is out of date and to upgrade to a virus version stealing their coins. None of these things are possible by DDoSing any other service because it isn't enabling those random trusted connections from a pool, and many aren't privacy leaking at all.
It cannot happen to any wallets. A DDoS can happen to any service, but the kind of attacks on users I describe are only possible through electrums random trusting setup. A DDoS otherwise only denies an attacked node service, not attacks an entire population of wallet users and attempts to steal their coins.
You have no idea you are the victim of attack unless as an electrum user unless you receive and identify one of these embedded viruses. While awareness may protect you in some minor days it's only even necessary because of the absurdly bad design of electrum. No amount of awareness stops you from leaking addresses and actions. Other wallets do not have these faults.
If you want to claim electrum is the best, let alone safe, refute any of these details.
@_date: 2019-04-15 16:22:28
Why is no one giving them shit for knowingly listing fraudulent coins in the first place? Clearly they have no problems profiting off fraud. Kicking BSV and only BSV and only now is a somewhat arbitrary line in the sand.
@_date: 2017-04-25 15:14:45
What an unnecessarily long winded history and unsupported conclusion. There is a reason bitgold didn't take off and it's because its fault tolerance and decentralized security properties were derived from voting mechanics. When satoshi proposed a nash equilibrium instead it was a move to a significantly more robust decentralized security model.
Trying to use Sazbo's premise for the failed bitgold experiment as an argument for a node driven bitcoin fork is flawed from the outset. The only argument in favor of such a fork would be defensively and in the context of an ongoing attack, as has always been the original intent of such a mechanism.
@_date: 2019-04-02 01:13:19
It's not double think it is the technical reality. The evidence that Bitcoin displaces bankers is that you can right this moment choose to manage all of your funds securely and independently as so many of us, including myself, do.
@_date: 2019-04-02 19:32:17
Wow Luke. You have completely lost my support for this BIP with these breaking changes. I demand consensus be immediately revoked from pwuilles bedroom and placed in the hands of benevolent corporate overlords so these kinds of disastrous BIPs can be avoided in the future. Don't make me UASF you, I'll do it!
@_date: 2017-04-16 16:55:46
The vast majority of people involved in bitcoin seem to be uneducated in general. The bitcoin community has thus far created my favourite rebukes to accusations of logical fallicy. I had someone in rbtc just yesterday explain to me that an argument based on satoshis vision can't be an appeal to authority because he's bitcoins creator. Before that I think my favourite was from this sub where a number of people paranoid of the downvote brigade had a rigid insistence that causation and correlation are the same thing.
Doesn't matter which sub, people in bitcoin are too often ideologically motivated and can't create coherent arguments supporting their positions.
@_date: 2017-04-25 20:32:33
You are correct, which is why the measure of our security is the cost attacking us would represent to such an attacker over a given period of time. That cost is significantly amplified by our most desperate of defensive options such as a node driven fork or PoW change, the use of which should be looked at similarly to amputation. It is cutting off the very necessary appendages for the sake of the whole of the body - an enormous sacrifice not to be taken lightly.
@_date: 2017-04-25 17:56:41
Through the coinbase reward/fees and the length of the blockchain. The coinbase reward/fees create an economic incentive to compete to find the next block via PoW. Attempting to attack the network is to threaten that incentive, as blocks which do not conform to protocol specs or which attempt to double spend coins risk being rejected as not part of the longest chain over a given function of time. This creates our 51% attack barrier, which is an economic measure of the security of the network. I.E. how much would it cost to possess 51% of the network for a given period of time?  If you want to double spend coins that are already in a block and confirmed you need to outpace the mining activity on the chain to create the longest one.
These barriers to attack coupled with a reward system that pays would-be attackers for honestly applying their resources in a provable way creates the Nash equilibrium which incentives honest behaviour while creating both a real and opportunity cost to actual attackers. They must maintain the longest chain of a coin they have entirely devalued through their attack and thus receive little reward beyond disrupting the system. You might be saying to yourself "Ah, but they can short bitcoin and thus increase their reward for attacking!" and this is true, but it also raises the economic cost as now you have to gamble as well as attack the network, and everyone buying the shorters bitcoins has equal financial incentive to support the system as does the shorter have to attack it. It takes an overwhelming economic force to successfully attack bitcoin in this way, and that force would be more profitably applied to simply supporting bitcoin. That's the Nash equilibrium. The competing parties of miners would see no benefit to "changing strategies" to do anything other than competitively mine bitcoin.
For all the blustering of miners threatening this and that, do any of them actually mine blocks that break the protocol rules? No. They are all businesses with economic incentives to behave a certain way. Once someone actually decides to attack the network through a hostile mining behaviour those parties will be quick to learn there's a reason it isn't done. It's going to be expensive.
Bitcoin achieves its decentralized properties through a financial security model and that's what makes it so unique, and certainly a far more defensible system than node voting. To reduce a security model to voting is to reduce it to politics. How can anyone make an honest argument that a political security model is more decentralized or resistant to attack than the Nash equilibrium currently securing bitcoin?
@_date: 2019-04-05 00:11:57
You chose to enter the channel knowing it would need to be closed. You choose when it is closed. Stop.
@_date: 2019-04-30 21:36:51
It's a safety issue. You could design transactions that are time consuming to verify, pushing enough transactions to effectively take nodes offline by keeping them busy verifying for example. This and other potential attack vectors are avoided by not propagating non-standard transactions. Non-standard transactions are still allowed, just not propagated until they are in a block since blocks are of limited size and this results in practical limits on the resource consumption of verifying a block. If you want them mined you need to either mine them yourself or approach a miner.
@_date: 2019-04-04 05:17:02
Commit fees are a moving, renegotiated set of fees reserved from your channel which are used if the channel is closed. AFAIK the creator of the channel pays the commit fees. They go up and down with the bitcoin fee market.
@_date: 2019-04-02 19:18:19
My favourite line:


So which is it? Backed by nothing or an enormous amount of energy producing proof of work?
@_date: 2016-02-26 15:16:14
Are you loading the right wallet? It sounds like you generated a new one.
@_date: 2019-04-04 23:09:27
It's fluctuating, but some amount more than 0 satoshi is implicitly spent by open a channel. What do you not get that this is still your money and you are spending? You sound like a troll.
@_date: 2019-04-08 15:18:09
Who is arguing it is a developer tool? I explicitly stated developers do not define consensus, but that there is literally a process called Bitcoin Improvement Proposals to be followed and it doesn't start with campaigning on reddit but with discussion in technical communities.
@_date: 2019-04-17 17:06:40
First, you're misusing the word private. If it's DDoS'd it's public. You can't DDoS something not publicly listening.
No amount of awareness stops the privacy leaks, except being aware electrum leaks addresses and actions and using a different wallet.
If a node serving SPV users from a trusted party SPV wallet like mycelium or coinbase or blockstream is DDoS'd the service goes down unless those teams mitigate the attack. that is the full impact - denial of service. They don't have the attack vector of their users connecting to the attackers nodes if theirs get DDoS'd.
If you haven't understood any of these four explanations I'm not sure you're going to. If you want to hear Peter Todd and John Newberry talk about the unsafe infrastructure of electrum I've dug up a clip from the recent [unconfiscatable conference]( for you on light clients in general, including electrum. They note electrum could have gone with trusted auditable third parties and been a much better infrastructure. The entire talk is worth listening to if you have an hour.
A trusted third party is a better alternative than a trusted third party that you don't know. It's that simple.
@_date: 2017-04-25 16:17:33
The Nash Equilibrium doesn't protect PoW from attempts to reduce its cost or proof and it doesn't need to. What it does is aligns incentives such that hashing power is always more profitably applied by mining bitcoin than it is attacking bitcoin. This equilibrium is what has forced all those trying to change the protocol to continue mining a version of bitcoin they don't necessarily support, it's what protects the protocol from errant change. That block withholding or even asic boost exist does not fundamentally change those incentives such that people stop mining and start attacking bitcoin.
That is the value of our decentralized security model. If there ever comes a point when the equilibrium fails and we find ourselves being attacked by a majority of miners we have defensive options to restore the equilibrium such as a node driven fork.
The idea of a voting mechanic in place of this equilibrium would ruin the existing security model more than any proposal for larger blocks could.
@_date: 2019-04-26 18:09:23
How can you even say that with the previous hack and the ongoing years of tether solvency speculation? There is a reason bitfinex has been higher priced than any exchange - people are leaving it and they have to buy to exit.
I haven't used bitfinex since a few months before that hack, I'm constantly amazed that people are willing to risk their money there. If Mt Gox popped up again tomorrow paying back their users would you start using them?
@_date: 2019-04-06 16:45:00
It warms my heart you have found my raving helpful u/BTC-Brother2018. I hope others find me half as helpful as you have.
"very generous about spreading knowledge" is a very kind way of saying "over opinionated jerk with his foot in his mouth more often than not", which would be my choice of verbiage. I think it was just months ago that u/thieflar here was correcting my vocal misunderstandings of the validity of pre-segwit client created blocks.
We're all still learning, and personally I find that learning very enjoyable and hope to share it with more of you.
@_date: 2019-04-08 18:12:33
Transactions are different sizes depending on lots of factors. There is no strict answer to how many transactions can one block hold. One factor is the number of outputs being combined. Another is the kind of transaction. Is it a multisignature transaction? A pay to script hash segwit address? A bech32?
The minimum transaction size [discussed here]( is theoretically something like 66 bytes, but we'll use the slightly more practical [195 bytes pay to witness public key hash transaction](
Segwit is a changing of the weighting of parts of the transaction, specifically the witness parts. A non-witness byte has a weight of 4 bytes, while a witness byte has a weight of 1 byte. The protocol enables blocks with up to 4 MB of weight. That could be 1 MB of non-witness data, which would be multiplied by 4 to fill the 4 MB segwit weight. It could also be a segwit transaction like our 195 byte example of which the witness data is 110 bytes. 85 * 4 + 110 is 450 virtual bytes for our transaction. Blocks can hold 4MB virtual weight, so 4MB/450 bytes is 8889 transactions per block for an answer to your original question. That's 
about 14.8 transactions per second.
Another confounding factor is that a growing amount of transactions are being batched, making it difficult to say exactly how many transactions can fit in a block. The technical capacity from a set of fee and space optimizing participants is likely higher than this 14.8 tps estimate and will only grow as more space optimizations like schnorr become the norm.
@_date: 2019-04-03 16:13:11
Strongly agree. Wasabi wallet has done more for end user fungibility than any other service I am aware of.
@_date: 2019-04-09 13:55:54
I swear it is already supported. I've been using the [tools]( they are talking about, the necessary Core commit was made in February. Also specific hardware wallets like trezor have options to run your own full node using their [backend service]( though I've never tried them.
@_date: 2019-04-11 15:59:02
Countries love to create grounds for violating other countries sovereignty and foreign individuals rights. It doesn't make the application of those laws ethical or moral. Frequently countries throw a fit if their sovereignty is violated retaliating to alleged terrorists and it leads to terrifying escalations like we have seen between India and Pakistan recently.
Can you even imagine if these same kinds of laws were used against the US? The US takes for granted they can impose things like financial laws around the world, but someday the shoe will be on the other foot and all of these justifications will be thrown out the window as Americans cry that their sovereignty or individual right are being violated.
If a less powerful country was trying to do the same thing the US is doing to a US citizen, like say a US reporter was documenting the war crimes that occurred in Myanmar, Myanmar would be laughed at for trying to arrest the publisher of 'illegal state secrets'. It's a double standard. One set of rules for the powerful, another for the weak.
@_date: 2019-04-10 04:47:30
There are jurisdictions where bans are enforced like Venezuela, bitcoin mining continues as does use in significant volume.
@_date: 2019-04-23 15:41:06
I stopped going to my local meetings for too much "blockchain" and not enough Bitcoin. What I'd really like to attend are one of those Bitcoin specific conferences.
@_date: 2019-12-25 02:32:06


New bitcoin businesses get one announcement post, consider this yours. Happy holidays and good luck!
@_date: 2017-04-03 15:25:30
Because if you ever did change a centrally authorized exchange rate the response would be simply changing it back, not suicide and government collapse. Not to mention an exhange pair of something against itself is entirely incoherent.
@_date: 2019-04-15 18:15:44
If these are the grounds for delisting coins across the community how can BCH still be listed anywhere? BCH makes the same kind of fraudulent false claims BSV does about being the real bitcoin, is operated by a group of fraudsters heavily manipulating the value of their own coin while engaging in a social media war pushing misinformation and buying voices and platforms, and have also been threatening opponents with frivolous lawsuits.
The truth is these companies make a killing enabling trading for these fraud coins and the only reason anyone is considering banning BSV is for the good PR and it has essentially no trading volume thus making them little money.
@_date: 2019-04-07 00:32:54
AFAIK it takes some time to propagate, and some peers will continue to try to connect to the old IP, but in the case of LND I've managed moving from onion to public just by restarting with a different config. I had some problem child channels I had to close but everything was fine.
@_date: 2019-12-06 04:25:04
A lot of the people replying to you appear to be angry realtors.
@_date: 2019-04-11 19:16:42
They literally tried to cover it up, saying they had no idea how those reporters died and denying rueters the footage.
Again, blind dogmatic patriotism. I'm betting you didn't even read past the first paragraph. You are a living example of all America has to be ashamed of. I hope your better countrymen drown out your voice into noise.
@_date: 2019-04-12 17:22:54


Freedom of the press, check it out. You can be as willfully ignorant of the facts as you want to be, that doesn't change the facts. There is no case being brought against Assange for leaking.
@_date: 2019-04-12 17:36:49
He didn't steal documents. He published them. Manning stole them.
Genuinely, all this "there's something wrong with you" nonsense and an inability to engage with objective facts betrays something seriously off. I can't continue correcting you, I very much believe you are so insecure that you cannot have a conversation about the objective truth.
Good luck and feel better.
@_date: 2019-04-04 18:07:16
The commit fees are reserving an amount of the channel to close it if necessary. You haven't lost those funds they will grow and shrink with the fee market. It sounds like your UI isn't showing you the commit fees. The commit fees are noted in any channel object, such as those returned when listing channels.
@_date: 2019-04-17 16:30:59
You don't seem to understand the mechanism at play. The reason the DDoS is effective is because of the way electrum by default connects to **random public** servers. If you can stop honest nodes in the electrum server list from taking connections it increases the odds default electrum users will connect to the attackers nodes where they leak privacy and have previously been served malicious content - including embeded viruses designed to steal coins. The fact that such malicious content can be served at all, that privacy leaking occurs at all, and that trust is being given to random parties are the failings of electrum as an SPV wallet.
Any server running any software can be DDoS'd but since no one is randomly connecting to and trusting the un-DDoS'd nodes the attack vector doesn't exist.
I understand being defensive is human nature. I'd ask you to stop. It's one thing to be wrong. It's another thing to be wrong in a way that could lead to other people being hurt.
@_date: 2017-04-26 16:49:42
That you have misinterpreted my description of mining to become "everyone trusts the miners" means you really have no idea what I am talking about. The equilibrium I describe is reliant on the miners trusting no one, not each other not users. Users shouldn't trust miners either. Trust doesn't enter the equation. The only thing users need to trust is that the incentive structure is in place and their defensive options in the worst case scenario are whole, and really calling that trust and not observation is a misnomer. Nothing is to be taken on faith by design.
Now compare that with a political system or campaign. If you're a user with a vote and big/small blockers are campaigning for your vote. You are trusting that 1) you can come to an informed conclusion before casting your vote. 2) The larger population is capable of making an informed conclusion. 3) Voters are not easily manipulated or lied to.
So you can trust that those political constant will remain true and protect the integrity of the voting system or would you rather the existing trustless incentive model continues to do its job? Personally I'm for trustless properties so I'm thus against political mechanisms and pro economic security models.
@_date: 2016-02-02 14:16:23
There are several services which allow you to have someone else pay your bills for you in exchange for your bitcoins. These services are usually country specific. Where are you hailing from?
@_date: 2019-04-01 15:08:15
I don't think you'd need to upgrade to spend your money, as the BIP notes the absence of the price field is perfectly acceptable and existing wallets would not need to implement the BIP.
These are pretty critical details, we better spend a couple years going over them until everyone agrees on a course of action. Maybe push the deploy date back 3 years? April 1 2023?
@_date: 2019-04-10 15:45:01
Humans have the innate right to execute math. Some people have tried to ban math like in the 90's war on encryption. It can't be done.
I don't know if you have a right to anonymity or use of communication channels or peer to peer exchange, but I do know any ban on those things is unenforceable at scale just like every other peer to peer activity.
@_date: 2016-09-16 22:38:33
There is nothing wrong with being naive or misinformed. There is something wrong with being willfully ignorant. Do yourself a favor and keep your mouth shut in the future, maybe you won't make such a fool of yourself.
@_date: 2019-04-07 00:57:11
I wonder how many people remember this video from the first time around.
Put another way, I wonder what Bitcoins long term user retention rate is.
@_date: 2018-03-11 02:34:26
They tried to fork Bitcoin not long ago.
@_date: 2018-11-22 19:07:23
Buy the dip, don't buy the dip - you'll regret it either way. At any given point in Bitcoin history you're likely to see both higher highs and lower lows than whatever price you arbitrarily bought in at.
The future of Bitcoin is an all or nothing value proposition IMO. It either is a revolution in trust or it isn't. It is either a secure and uniquely valuable security model or it isn't. Decentralization either has value or it doesn't.
The evidence is pretty clear that these things are valuable and the only way to get them is Bitcoin. It's also pretty clear that even within this cryptocurrency space, the people who know how Bitcoin actually functions and could identify its unique attributes and where they come from is some unbelievably smaller percentage. So many think blockchains are inherently immutable for example, it boggles the mind. It will take a long time for the general population to wrap their heads around Bitcoin, or more likely for services to sufficiently abstract Bitcoin while delivering benefits from its unique properties to users.
@_date: 2016-02-05 17:19:28
This just happened to me. Same thing, same time, same IP address.
@_date: 2019-04-13 20:45:08
It won't. If anything it will lead to the further hoarding of wealth and will disable several currently common means of forcefully seizing wealth. Bitcoin is a tool, it will be used for evil and good as reflects the hearts of its users. Just like all money. The rich will use it to do more of what they have always been doing - enriching themselves - and without the risk of government intervention at that.
@_date: 2018-03-27 17:19:34
Gravity DOES have no affect on the markets other than keeping the participants attached to the ground. It also has **nothing** to do with the theory you are supporting. You don't even know what the theory is that you are advocating for!
You are asking me to provide you links proving something so simple that you can prove it yourself in 15 minutes. Why don't you just do what I've asked and do the experiment yourself? It's super simple and will be so much more valuable if you do it on your own.
@_date: 2018-11-17 16:43:43
I simply cannot wrap my head around such an abuse of logic, but thank you for trying. I am sure there are some who feel just as you describe.
@_date: 2016-09-16 22:29:49
Please explain what superior option exists for consumers?
Too many people want bitcoin to be what they dream instead of what it is.
@_date: 2016-09-12 15:37:02
Any market for any asset can change after you bought it. Some people make money and some people lose money on that change, that's how it works. It's certainly not illegal in most of the world, though it is often highly regulated and earning are taxed. Market trading is what sustains the global financial industries.
Replace bitcoin in your post with stocks, gold anything tradable and the same realities will be true.
@_date: 2018-11-12 17:04:44
Makes a huge percent of his money shilling his affiliate link coupled with awful trading advice. I honestly wish they would shut down the affiliate program all together to curb these TA evangelicals and the poor noobs trying to get rich quick that they ensnare. When the majority of your profits aren't from trading but from shilling your trading advice, chances are it is terrible advice or it would be the trades making you the wealth not the shilling.
I would be happy to see a lot less of the social media TA evangelicals like Vays around in general.
@_date: 2018-11-28 23:16:51
It's an obfuscation not a zkp. That doesn't mean the coins can be in any way reliably followed especially as pool size grows. Even if they can, that tain doesn't mean you will be the one with tainted utxo's. You can exit with someone else's clean coins.
@_date: 2018-11-28 22:17:42
I don't need any law to protect me. My coins are my coins and you won't even be able to pry them from my cold dead hands. Also everything I said was right, you deny these users couldn't easily get clean UTXOs?
@_date: 2019-04-01 07:50:06








@_date: 2018-11-03 15:44:09
There is already a bitmex calculator built into their trading page for every product
@_date: 2018-11-19 00:04:07
While you obviously need to use a competent ECDSA toolset, if you know the preimage message and have chosen it yourself you can have a very high confidence of authenticity. That's the entire point of this discussion. It's not a proof if they never reveal the preimage or it cannot be arbitrarily chooses by those verifying.
@_date: 2018-11-29 18:10:18




There is no discussion of what these crypto assets do or how they function, or any mention of a necessity of understanding those functions. It is suggesting to blindly throw money at the top of the market or into the space in general. No mention whatsoever of the obligations owning crypto implies or resources for educating the users who aren't in crypto this article is clearly targeted at.
@_date: 2018-03-11 14:26:58
You can't have a fit over every op ed that pops up, you'll be having this fit weekly for the rest of your life.
@_date: 2018-03-22 21:16:07


As I already explained to you bitcoin is fungible. If a black market currency trader chooses to sell USD for bitcoin (as already happens all the time in places like Venezuela), before the bitcoin is offloaded somewhere else legal. This kind of arbitrage is very profitable and happens all the time, and doesn't allow the Venezuelan government to know either traders identity.


You linked to a stat saying there were the most number of bitcoin ATMs in the world to refute global node and trading statistics.
Do you really need me to tell explain to you why that is not a remotely appropriate measure for bitcoin use?
Naive and stubborn.
@_date: 2018-11-02 18:04:43
wonderful part about bitcoin is you can prove without doubt or trust that he was paid. It's right there on the blockchain. Unless you sent to the wrong address this person is trying to scam you by not paying you, keeping the bitcoin and the dollars.
@_date: 2016-09-26 04:40:12
You should use paypal if consumer protections are your major concern. If you want to be protected while using bitcoin you generally have to protect yourself. This can be accomplished through escrow for online purchases for example but it is not an inherent property of the network.
Bitcoin is currently best used for transferring value for cheap, storing wealth, speculating, proof of existence, settlement, commerce, self banking, and multi-signature financial arrangements among many other things.  In terms of internet commerce bitcoin does favor sellers compared to traditional payment solutions, but no more than cash. Cryptographic cash is preferable for many forms of financial interaction, including other forms of consumer protection. We're talking about the unprecedented protection from seizure or third party interference, the ability to be your own low fee bank, or the ability to cross borders with limitless value stored as a dozen words in your memory, and the protection of pseudo-anonymity.
The kind of consumer protections you and many others want will arrive as financial institutions begin accepting bitcoin backed accounts, and those protections will use the same infrastructure as traditional payment solutions to facilitate the desired consumer oversight while losing all of the unique protections of bitcoin.
TL;DR: Keep using paypal, at some point you'll be able to fund your paypal with bitcoin. You'll never get the kind of consumer protections you want directly from the bitcoin protocol, that's just not the job it does. It's not backwards to have a different set of priorities than traditional payment providers; that's a healthy, diverse marketplace.
@_date: 2018-11-08 09:07:55
I am certain that anyone suggesting it is hard to short bitcoin hasn't tried. CME and CBOE futures exist for institutional investors and dozens of high liquidity sites allow you to borrow BTC for trading like Bitfinex and OKCasino, and derivatives sites like BitMex allow you to short 100x without borrowing anything at all and no KYC.
@_date: 2018-11-28 22:27:18
wasabi did not invent coinjoin, and they aren't lying about anything as far as I am aware. They have the best implementation of coinjoin I've seen yet.
@_date: 2018-11-16 11:53:16
Are we pretending that the CBOE or CME are not US regulated to a degree more stringent than Coinbase, or Bakkt? Bakkt certainly doesn't need SEC approval.
Nothing you are saying describes a unique property of Bakkt deserving of the praise that it is the most important thing to happen to bitcoin, nor suggests evidence of this illusive class of investor who refuse to use existing vehicles.
@_date: 2018-03-19 21:34:35
The winning conditions for crypto aren't gain 100% adoption. It is being able to stay alive despite any adverse conditions or ill willed governments.
@_date: 2018-03-06 16:07:10
Good for you. Don't risk what you can't afford to lose. I wish so many people had this much common sense.
@_date: 2018-03-27 15:53:51


Weird how you failed to quote the one thing that explains what you're missing but managed to quote everything else. Selective reading? What happens if some providers choose not to support the features of a given soft fork for whatever reasons they have?
@_date: 2018-11-16 13:56:44
We are talking about regulated institutional bitcoin exposure accessibility. The CBOE and CME are absolutely part of that discussion.
I for the third time ask, what about bakkt  is unique from other services or implies a wealth of pent up demand? We have regulated vehicles, we have custodial services, we have leveraged derivatives, we have high volume and accredited investor trading and otc services. We have off chain centralized payment services, merchant services, and even payroll services. Please please please tell me what baakt offers that is so unique and any evidence at all of this pent up demand that won't engage with existing vehicles.
@_date: 2016-09-18 15:43:27
This is right IMO, escrow isn't the right tool for this job insurance is.
@_date: 2018-11-27 21:20:01
The dollar value spent mining literally creates a dollar value barrier to attack the network. The more expensive it is, the more secure and thus more functional its unique security model is. I see value in the expenditure of resources to generate those bitcoins. I see attempts or desire to reduce that expenditure as entirely missing the point of Bitcoin, that expenditure is what makes it useful in some situations compared to traditional solutions.
The chain of events you just describes is a panic crash, and we live them all the time. The part you are forgetting is where the floor is. You meet ideologues who won't sell at all, you meet opportunists who see an undervalued asset, you meet speculators willing to gamble on the chance of wild returns. When you do meet these people, the exact same pattern you describe happens in reverse and meets a ceiling of delusion. It's the market cycle. There can be neither a death spiral or an infinite price rising so long as greed and fear exist and the security mechanisms have any value at all.
@_date: 2016-09-17 13:57:09
First of all, bitcon can emulate instant value transfer the same way everyone else does - by anticipating a future value transfer and providing services immediately expecting that value transfer to eventually complete. We call it 0-conf.
Second, if you want to walk around with paper wallets split into 5 dollar denominations and emulate the function of cash, go right ahead. No one is stopping you.
But finally, if your goal is to remove the confirmation process on bitcoin you are simply being naive. Confirmations are a necessary part of nakamoto consensus, without which we wouldn't have decentralisation. Don't advocate to break one of the most innovative technologies in the world because of percieved inconvenience. It's not that the inconvenience isn't real, it's simply that of course it's going to be inconvenient using a screw driver when what you need is a hammer - using 6-conf bitcoin transactions is inappropriate for the use case you are describing. You use the wrong tool for the job and you are going to have a bad time.
@_date: 2018-03-27 16:54:11
As I have explained repeatedly, over and over and over, that's not how the null hypothesis works.
I can't believe you're still going on about this despite reading that last post. You do understand the theory you support has nothing to do with gravity right? You understand that?
@_date: 2018-11-12 19:02:40
Giving free TA? There is more bullshit free TA out there than you or I could ever consume, it fills every trollbox and twitter discussion. More than that anyone can do their own TA, even using the same identical techniques and come with different answers based on identifying different patterns. It's effectively reading tea leaves.
His interviews are terrible, ill informed, and misrepresent the community. The few times his interviews have been posted I cringed and felt embarrassed for the parties he was with, and for myself that he was trying to represent the community.
He isn't objective, he is making half his money selling you a trade whether it is good or not. He is literally incentivized to shill his TA regardless of its validity - how is that objective? He is still posting trades in this long sideways market not because there are good trades to be made, but because he needs to stay active and evangelize to his victims to keep his own money flow.
I am absolutely bitter that he and others make their career taking advantage of new users trying to get rich quick and looking for an authority in this ecosystem. He produces nothing of value and leeches off his followers, much like any other social media celebrity except worse since his sole output is losing trading advice.
@_date: 2018-03-27 17:35:53


No one is talking about forks but you. I am talking about clients and not protocol. Since you love to quote, find where I've talked about forks and read it back to me.
Do you always react this way when someone says your ideas are bad?


The exact same segregation created when people defaulted to bech32 before it was widely supported - an inability to use those services for some users.
This is an absurd conversation, if you're not capable of something more constructive what's the point in continuing? You're not even talking about the same subject as I am, you're talking about network forks.
@_date: 2018-03-25 18:37:47
&lt;3 you know my name! I don't recall defending OP, I recall calling you a conspiracy theorist for suggesting Roger was behind it with no evidence. I like that you are so taken with me that you'll remember me when you leave.
@_date: 2018-11-01 07:32:30
A drink with a toast is a celebration, a get together with like minded individuals is a celebration. Grow up.
@_date: 2018-11-23 23:11:55
Layers, especially p2p trustless off chain solutions, are the right way to scale. Blockchains inherently don't scale well.
@_date: 2018-03-01 18:39:33
I spoke on both, and it's not correct when speaking about either to say inflation was 100% last month. It's provably wrong.
@_date: 2018-03-09 14:23:09
You should know immature traders having a fit like you are now are exactly the justification the banks are using to block crypto transactions. You personally are a part of the problem.
If there is some genuine fraud tell your story, if there isn't just shut up.
@_date: 2016-09-07 18:20:04
Does someone pay you to defend coinbase? You will notice several people sharing their anecdotal problems and you are all over this thread insisting it's a conspiracy theory, but you are the only one.
Anecdotes aren't facts and they don't require backing up. As valid as is your comment about having no problems with coinbase are all the anecdotes about people claiming problems with coinbase. The fact that complaintants severely outnumber defenders despite the few defenders impressive zeal is all the more cause to ask, why are you defending this company so adamantly when you have no reason to believe or disbelieve any of these anecdotes?
The great thing about people who genuinely want to make evidence based conclusions like you claim you do is that they wait for evidence before passionately evangelizing their position. You clearly already have a formed opinion based on as little facts as the rest of these anecdotes so what's your agenda?
@_date: 2018-03-18 03:00:30
Are you for real? You're really going to write a response to every insane op ed that gets published and spam it across reddit? Jason Bloomberg might be your favorite blowhard but you're mine.
@_date: 2018-03-25 17:57:35
It's remarkable how offended you seem to be at the suggestion you should accuse Roger of the verifiable harm he has caused and lies he has told instead of fabricating things.
@_date: 2018-03-27 15:41:37
Nothing I have said is a strawman, and I am certain you don't know what that means.
The evidence is math, the evidence is the scientific method. I have provided a thorough examination of both.
The market is notorious for fools following superstition and claiming it as fact, much as you are doing.
@_date: 2018-03-18 15:46:16
That makes you greedier than the rest of us, and if you're as greedy as you say you should have sold the top (but were probably too greedy to because you wanted more gains). For people who have no intention of cashing out for 10+ years buying is exactly what we're doing. Short term volatility has no influence on me.
Where you expect your portfolio to hit $0 I see some of the most amazing advances in applied technology that have historically ever been seen. These applications of cryptography are as society changing as the internet has been. I'll be holding for the rest of my life in some way or another much as people keep bank accounts for their entire lives.
Discuss down trends all you want. Just don't be such a fool to think it will stay down. If you believe anything you have written you should sell everything immediately.
@_date: 2018-03-22 20:30:58
So long as there are people who break the law in the US you will be able to spend in the US. 


The US does not account for a majority of bitcoin usage or even trading volume, that's false. If your entire argument didn't betray your ethnocentrism in the first place that unfounded assertion certainly did.
Can you not see the tower of invalid assumptions you have made to reach your conclusions?
Edit: [Public node map]( Only 23% of public nodes are in the US, and it's very likely several of those are VPN exit points.
@_date: 2019-04-12 17:11:52
Whistleblowers leak documents all the time to the press that are "stolen" by the same arguments you make. While you make think the difference is that you incorrectly believe Assange's published leaks didn't relate to a crime, the law doesn't make that distinction. This is the exact same reason Obama didn't go after Assange and why the incredibly weak case against him is for computer intrusion not the leaking. A charge which stems solely from the acknowledgement that rainbow tables exist to help publish the collateral murder video.
@_date: 2016-09-07 19:14:11
You offered your own anecdote that you have used coinbase since its inception with no problems. Why is that an anecdote that needn't be substantiated but everyone else's does? 
You've also been running around this thread like a paid shill. If you believe in evidence based thinking, why take a position at all until there is evidence?
@_date: 2018-03-27 17:21:11
Yes, 100%. Which is why service providers like wallets and exchanges should avoid BitPays poor example and support from the legacy up, and not default to new transaction formats until they are widely supported or else there will be a segregation of available services to users of those wallets.
@_date: 2018-11-06 20:40:56
What you are doing is gambling. There is a reason why we post suicide hotlines here sometimes, these markets are unpredictable and volatile and they ruin lives. I so very strongly urge you to be careful and not gamble with more than you can afford to lose. You should maybe reconsider the velocity of transactions to your bank account, even active trading. Each trade could be incurring taxes when it hits your bank account or other expenses you might not have considered. Holding might be a better strategy for someone like you. Either way keep hard limits and when you hit them, walk away.
@_date: 2018-11-28 23:43:42
I can argue with it. There is very little sense in exposure to multiple crypto assets that you don't understand. Instead of advocating for well reasoned and educated investment this advocates the strategy of throwing money at the top of the market and seeing what sticks. I would never suggest someone invest in Bitcoin without having a clue what it is or how to use it. Not your keys not your coins.
@_date: 2018-03-18 15:12:02
Nothing you said is true. This "attack" causes no harm to the victim or would dissuade anyone from opening a channel with a stranger. The HTLCs will protect them.
@_date: 2018-03-22 16:17:08
So you are suggesting the reprogramming of every wallet to include functially blacklisted outputs. Might as well be a government sponsored fork destroying fungibility (which absolutely exists despite the tracking of outputs, because outputs are combined, leading to the absurd solution you are proposing of blacklisting outputs in all clients)
@_date: 2018-03-23 11:17:22
Saying PHP and MySQL are better than anything is a pretty sick burn. The point that most blockchain projects have no business being on a blockchain is accurate, though I doubt PHP and MySQL would be good candidates instead.
@_date: 2018-11-28 22:00:21
Not it doesn't. These users could easily end up with clean coins through a coinjoin regardless of who else is tainted, or also through lightning. Bitcoin is fungible. No blacklist can be effective in practice. Any code attempting to track and blacklist these UTXOs will invariably fail to do that and end up blocking many unrelated users.
@_date: 2018-11-16 04:38:33
There are many reputable institutions, every exchange is effectively a private second layer, and nothing you've said is unique to bakkt
@_date: 2018-11-12 17:15:20
Eventually after losing them their money, after already being paid, and after having naturally ensnared more people as crypto adoption grows with influxes of new users seeking authority figures and riches.
No, the free market will never see Tone's affiliate income reduced to zero.
@_date: 2018-11-27 21:33:05
You should check out their subreddit, this has been going on since January. People with large withdrawals have at times waited months. Quadriga is effectively insolvent until the CIBC situation is resolved.
@_date: 2018-03-27 21:10:57
If you have a better word for whatever vomit of text and assumptions you call this diatribe of yours than tantrum I'm all ears.
@_date: 2018-03-27 02:42:45
Yes, because being able to identify an unsupported argument is a skill requiring significant trading profits.
@_date: 2018-03-23 20:18:19
Why do people keep suggesting web frameworks for a peer to peer local computing task? What is wrong with you guys? I use flask as much as the next rest api dev but come on.
@_date: 2016-09-16 00:02:07
Spending and commerce is far from bitcoins only use case. If everyone held all coins and spent none supply would shrink but demand for many use cases such as speculation, store of value, and settlement layer would persist, necessitating a rise in price. Commerce is not the be all end all of bitcoin, and in fact creates more downwards price pressure than upwards. Companies have to pay the cost of doing business, and at some point down the supply chain line virtually all spent bitcoins are sold for fiat.
@_date: 2018-03-26 19:18:34
You can make money flipping a coin. Heads is buy tails is sell. This is what we're making fun of, so many of you TA traders don't seem to have an understanding that your complex theories have no performance differential between any other strategy over time. You might as well be pulling them out of a hat. 
@_date: 2018-11-03 15:53:02
The author doesn't understand any consensus mechanisms or their pros/cons. Doesn't understand that PoS is easier to game than PoW and offers no continued security costs, simply an upfront investment meaning early adopters are defacto in control of consensus for much cheaper than any PoW system. Doesn't understand that all electricity is not polluting electricity. Doesn't  understand that the entire point of decentralized consensus models is to avoid authority, not make a proof of if.
He literally bashes proof of work with no specific arguments then proposes several significantly more centralized solutions. Typical journalist who has no idea about the space they are reporting on, just regurgitated altcoin marketing buzzwords using centralized consensus models.
@_date: 2018-03-27 16:47:45
Only when you provide a study that credibly proves that humans can't move objects with their mind.
@_date: 2018-03-01 17:33:41
You sound like you're uninformed since you're already supporting software [defensively patented](
@_date: 2018-03-19 14:35:08
Like I said, by layering you take the bulk of the cost and the resource usage off the blockchain.
@_date: 2018-03-27 14:28:42
You are asking for proof against some insane theory with no support, that is like me saying humans can make objects float with their mind - prove me wrong! There cannot be a proof that it is impossible because no mechanism of doing it in the first place can even be hypothesized.
I have repeatedly referred to the proof for the coin flip. You can run the experiment yourself. Please for the love of God go try it using historical data. The site where you can easily do this is called tradingview.com but you can do it pretty much anywhere with a historical data set.
Your thoughts are so incoherently stupid, everything you say betrays the shallowest of examinations possible. It isn't the language barrier, it's your thoughts which are stupid. You need to sue whoever educated you for doing such a horrible job.
@_date: 2018-03-25 17:49:17
Still been around a lot longer than you, "new guy". You're a conspiracy theorist. We don't need those. That's what makes the other sub so toxic, the same kind of baseless conspiracies you're spouting. You make us all look bad and you make Roger look good when you stoop to his level - like none of these claims mean anything and are all equally unsubstantiated. That makes the claims against Roger that are backed by actual substance easier to dismiss categorically with your conspiracies.
You are part of the problem.
@_date: 2018-03-26 13:18:09
LukeJr lives for this option but to many of us it's our nuclear equivalent. It is throwing away our entire security model, cost to attack the network, and network effect. It could very plausibly kill Bitcoin as a coin. Changing PoW is like cutting off a limb to save the body - you'd only do it if keeping the limb was a for sure death sentence. Doesn't mean we'd never do it, but most of us (I hope) aren't willing to consider it yet. All respect to Luke, we just disagree.
@_date: 2018-11-07 23:25:10
That makes it sound worse and less p2p
@_date: 2018-11-28 21:25:46
I would love to see dust transaction spam from as many addresses as possible to these addresses. For every satoshi that gets sent from a new address to a censored one it may cost that user the transaction fees, but you know it cost the investigating body a hell of a lot more.
More than that, if the letter of this absurd blacklisting is to be followed then any victims of the ransomware this is related to are also criminals. The entire idea of trying to blacklist these addresses is reactionary and poorly thought out.
Use wasabi and get up to some civil disobedience. Teach them code is law and Bitcoin is fungible.
@_date: 2018-03-01 17:49:59
There is no definition, no context in which you can accurately say Bitcoin inflated nearly 100% last month. Go ahead and cite examples using supply of bitcoin or ANY currency pair between the dates of February 1 and March 1 to demonstrate how Bitcoin inflated 100%. Even the maximum price drop in that period - which is NOT an accurate measure of inflation of an asset - was only $10260 to $6000 or a 41.5% drop. The reality is Bitcoin entered the month at $10260 USD, no 7 day average price dropped below 8.8k USD, and I don't have any means immediately available to tell you what the month long average price was but I'm willing to bet it was pretty close to 10k USD.
So not only are you talking about something no one else is in this thread (the inflation of purchasing power against a currency pair as opposed to the inflation of supply), but you're also provably wrong about what you are talking about.
@_date: 2018-03-10 16:49:15
This. Bailouts are a necessary evil when you allow organizations to become pillars of your economy and then act irresponsibly. The real solution is to stop these organizations from acting irresponsibly not screw your population by letting a corporation abuse them as piggy banks until they are tapped out.
@_date: 2018-11-09 16:56:38
People complaining about power usage in Bitcoin fundamentally misunderstand bitcoins value and security model, which are directly associated to its power usage. The more power used, the higher the cost to attack, the more secure the network. To try to reduce the power usage is to try to reduce bitcoins security.
More than that, to complain about the electricity usage is to ignore where that electricity comes from - including many green energy sources and subsidizing otherwise geographically or economically stranded power.
It is to further ignore the energy usage of the institutions bitcoin supplants. Bitcoin consumes less than most industries, including banking.
Overall the first thing I think when someone says bitcoins energy usage is a problem is "that person hasn't given this issue any significant thought and has no idea how bitcoin works"
@_date: 2018-03-28 17:20:10


Congratulations JP Morgan, you've figured out databases and protocols are a thing. I can't wait to see what fundamental computer science tools you decide to discover 40 years after the fact next.
@_date: 2018-03-08 18:24:21
Tons of places, but I'd choose bitmex.
@_date: 2018-03-26 23:32:21
Any application of critical thought would betray how stupid what you're doing is.
@_date: 2018-03-26 19:44:17
You can make money with a coin flip or lose money or pull even.
I've tried to challenge the way you think about these problems but you're just not interested. You seem like a nice enough chap but you're just not thinking - or even reading at this point.
@_date: 2018-11-21 17:35:33
The day several thousands of dollars per bitcoin is "going down with the ship" is a good and validating day in my books. I agree with u/Manticlops in that bitcoin feels very much alive, this is a wonderful opportunity for all of us still in the accumulating phase of our lives.
@_date: 2018-11-16 05:03:36
What about it isn't true? There aren't payment services like bitpay, shakepay, and every debit/credit card backed by bitcoin to ever exist? That exchanges aren't licensed and regulated in the US? Offer something more than categorical dismissal next time.
@_date: 2019-01-07 00:17:09
Proof of keys is a well intentioned but foolish campaign. The message of the campaign is wrong. It is not and cannot be a test of reserves of exchanges.
We need a campaign educating people about storing their own keys without the premise that it's a one day event or you can just put your funds back on exchange after.
@_date: 2018-11-15 19:16:10
I so strongly disagree. I would like to see evidence of this mysterious group of investors who won't use any of the existing markets or derivative products to trade in bitcoin. If you want regulated US nonsense you have large OTC services, Coinbase, the CME, and CBOE.  The idea Bitcoin needs another institutional market in the US to grow is unfounded.
@_date: 2016-09-16 22:32:44
I can think of none. Please, I am very curious to know what magical tools and technology enable instant value transfer for the consumer.
@_date: 2018-11-22 17:26:01
The whitepaper is unbelievably ambiguous on any number of points and flat out wrong on others. It isn't some sort of holy document to be worshiped, but a living specification expanded via the BIP system and mailing list discussion.
I can't imagine any other RFC like specification receiving the kind of worship this white paper does by the non-technical community. It's somewhat madness. 
@_date: 2018-03-21 16:59:09
You couldn't be more wrong. If you think it is as simple as you say you should try it for a few years.
The truth is freelance and entrepreneural programming is a very tough gig with a high failure rate. When anyone and everyone can do a task the competition becomes intense and the pay drops. The more sophisticated tasks require significant study and experience. Building software is like building a house you can copy and paste. Building a good house often requires multiple experts in multiple disciplines and excellent planning and design, it's not a trivial task. Then you still have to sell the thing, even if you can copy and paste it when you're done. As well, everyone has their own idea of what they want the house to look like or do, so even with copy and pasted homes you are constantly adding a bathroom to the garage or some other such nonsense extension no one else will want or use.
If it was a matter of write 300 lines of code and call it a day I would have retired a decade ago.
@_date: 2018-03-25 18:46:18
I'm not too concerned about "resource burn". I enjoy it and the more people like this talk the more they invalidate themselves and anything they may be trying to achieve. As important as it is to call Roger on his conspiracy theories it is important to call them out in our own community. Everything after that is just for funsies.
@_date: 2018-03-01 18:12:15
ASICBoost may be negative, but the patents on it being open and defensive are good. Would you rather the world we were just living in where it was privately patented and abused by a small group?
@_date: 2018-11-07 20:29:34
How is it possible for them to speed up the process if it's a law enforcement matter? These posts are bordering on spammy whining at this point.
Did you contact law enforcement? What did they say?
As other posters note you have been caught being less than honest about this already. Why should any of us care/believe you?
@_date: 2018-11-28 22:23:38
The effectiveness of coinjoin is reliant on the size of the mixing pool, as you should know.  You also entirely gloss over the fact that coinjoin isn't the only example of a way to clean your UTXOs - as I said lightning would do the same job (You do I hope realize you just responded to four of my comments in succession). Or you could send to any kind of zero knowledge proof layer or other protocol. There are many options. It is you who is mistaken.
@_date: 2019-01-02 01:22:51
It's been an exciting year in Bitcoin. An exciting ten years. I'm going to celebrate by engaging in some good old fashioned peer to peer activity, why don't you join me?
**Bitcoin Nodes:**
[Bitcoin Core]( - The Bitcoin reference implementation
[Bitcoin Knots]( - Luke Jr's editors choice of improvements that didn't make it into Core
[btcd]( - An alternative Bitcoin implementation written in Go
[Eclair]( [c-lightning]( and [lnd]( - Lightning network is exploding in capacity. All of these projects expose robust API's for utilizing the lightning network so get on testnet and play with some infinite scale near instantaneous micro-payments!
[Wasabi Wallet]( - The privacy focused light desktop wallet implementing a version of coinjoin released in August this year
Add more below!
@_date: 2018-03-23 19:39:24
Why don't you try evangelizing with different facts and helpful information? Your over eager repetition is coming off as spam. Surely the number of subs here between now and the last time you posted this isn't significant enough to warrant posts of this frequency.
@_date: 2018-03-19 22:37:58
The MP who was obsessed with a blockchain without bitcoin at the end there was really confused. I don't think there's anything you could have said to correct her confusion, but I loved your explanation of layering to her. Went entirely over her head but it was correct.
@_date: 2019-01-08 05:22:41
No, a bad take is appealing to an authority that doesn't even exist.  There is no Satoshi here and their current vision is a guess at best. Might as well be a theological appeal to authority, it's not like you can ask the authority what they think.
@_date: 2018-11-28 21:05:12
Another example of how the BCH propaganda campaign has muddied the waters and caused harm to casually informed users and viewers. The impact of Ver's social attacks can not be understated regardless of how they have ultimately failed to win him his prized "real Bitcoin".
@_date: 2018-11-16 21:54:12
So if I can sum up: your assertion (and that of this post) is the distinction between bakkt and other services available like coinbase is so significant as to be a great boon for bitcoin? That the lack of these services inhibits growth?
I cannot see any evidence of that that you have presented or otherwise.
My assertion is that these services are not at all distinct, and any features derived from bakkt can be found elsewhere. Further I assert there is no evidence of this unseen demand for bakkt which is unsuitable for any other service. I believe the evidence supporting is substantial and exists in the many examples of existing services providing comparable features and regulatory scrutiny.
@_date: 2018-03-27 23:15:36
As I have repeatedly said, among mathematicians. Not a single word I have said is relevant to market or economic theory. These are all just basic verifiable facts, many of which you could verify yourself as I have described.
@_date: 2018-03-12 20:44:20
Many people trade on leverage, and the same coins are being traded back and forth all day by day traders.
@_date: 2018-03-27 16:52:21
That was a thoroughly wasted post.
So you don't understand how a network that creates barriers of transaction and function between service providers equates to a splintering? Of all things that should be a non sequitur you would think this conclusion among them. The premise is so obvious and conclusion so apparent you'd think you could start there, especially since we've as a community experienced it recently.
If a wallet provider defaults everything to segwit before the network has largely adopted it, it creates segregation. Same is true with schnorr and coinjoin.
How you have managed to become so personally offended by this observation is beyond me.
@_date: 2018-02-12 18:35:13
It depends how much bitcoin you're securing and how you're securing,  as well as what resources you have available to use risky clients. I recently claimed a half dozen alts which it took me several days of syncing because there were no light weight clients. I ended up paying about $100 for AWS servers and spending about 8 hours total going through my security process to move and resecure my coins, debugging shitcoin client issues, and dealing with exchanges. 
Not a minor task and one which if done carelessly carries a lot of risk, but when done carefully carries low risk and at least in my case increased my holdings several percent.
@_date: 2019-01-21 20:40:10
You can build and profit without controlling the ecosystem or having ICOs and private launches.
@_date: 2019-01-16 16:02:09
If you don't want your citizens using the Internet put up a firewall. Regulators should have no say in the regulation of Internet services outside their jurisdiction. Simply having a website without a geofence should not result in your domains being seized by hostile foreigners. If this kind of thing was happening to US companies Americans would lose their minds crying about "muh sovereignty!" 
@_date: 2018-11-05 17:27:54
Poor professor bitcorn no where to be found, somewhere off-axis in 2014 predicting single digits.
@_date: 2019-01-08 17:52:04
@_date: 2019-01-05 22:13:16
I wonder how much of this talent issue is a conflict with typical corporate values and the values of the individuals most likely to devote years of experience to Bitcoin as a FOSS project.
Lets face it - people involved with Bitcoin for a good deal of time probably own some and have become financially independent over the years. They don't need to let money dictate their actions, they can pursue their passions.
Between financial independence of the people with this talent set, very high demand, and a potentially different set of values and vision for Bitcoin between corporate versus FOSS goals it seems very reasonable that there should be a lack of corporate talent. It may even be a good thing. The talent is picking and choosing and that's how it should be.
@_date: 2018-03-27 14:18:11
The null hypothesis is that there is no evidence gravity affects global trade the way described, the conjecture supporting that null hypothesis is that gravity on humans differs dramatically across the globe. It is not up to me to demonstrate your insane pet theory is wrong, that is not how science works. It is up to you to disprove the null hypothesis. Point 2 is literally as easy to prove as using a trading view script, as I have said countless times. It is proven fact.
@_date: 2018-03-22 19:36:56


No, they can't. That's what you don't seem to understand. There are too many of us in too many jurisdictions. Unless there becomes a global governing body with broad authority to legislate on behalf of every previously sovereign country in the world what you're saying is entirely impossible. Your concerns are of a very narrow view and very overblown in terms of consequence. More than that, people STILL do things that are illegal all the time as the North American war on drugs makes evident. Something being illegal doesn't stop it, especially when it is peer to peer. You know that the illegal offshore holdings of US companies alone is more than the bitcoin market cap by trillions? Just that use case, which is already illegal and being done, would require bitcoin to become more successful than it is now.
@_date: 2019-01-18 00:50:18
I think this is nonsense.
I can revoke and control the propagation of cryptographic control over my keys by never exposing the valuable information only hashes of it. I cannot do the same with my identity. If someone requires my address to offer a service like shipping there is no mechanism of not exposing that key information the way you can choose not to expose your private keys to prove you own them.
What exactly are you proposing that would give you the power to manage your identity in the same way you would your Bitcoin private keys?
@_date: 2018-11-24 19:09:40
Counterparty is another example, so is any elements project (which is what liquid is built using)
@_date: 2018-03-05 17:13:09
How do you feel about all the e-wave analysis that was being done in late 2016 indicating the end of a 5th wave and an impending crash? What makes your guess at where each wave is different or better than your failed peers?
It all looks like tea leaf reading to me. A set of rules which can be applied in multiple ways used to interpret data which leads to predictions with no better accuracy than a coin toss.
@_date: 2018-03-27 14:36:30
All I hear is "I don't understand so you're wrong".
YOU make the link. YOU do the study. I've given you all the tools you need. Pathetic. Learn something.
You are the most ignorant fool I've had the displeasure of talking to in weeks. That you live and breathe is a condemnation on us all as a species.
@_date: 2019-01-07 05:07:02
What relevance does it have? It's an open source project, they are gone, and much of their code has been removed, replaced, and refactored. The mechanisms of Bitcoins function have dramatically evolved beyond P2PK addresses.
People that idolize satoshi are dangerous ideologues. Respect is the right word for how people should feel about Satoshis contributions. They shouldn't give a toss about their vision.
@_date: 2018-03-27 21:56:15
You're like people who think that because evolution is a theory it must just be baseless speculation. Total buffoon.
@_date: 2018-03-18 14:24:02
Could be. Held through that one and I'll hold through wherever the current price takes me too. If you are treating your BTC as long term savings of ten years plus like I am these dips are excellent opportunities and something to look forward to.
@_date: 2019-01-15 16:51:06
It wasn't and you have been misinformed as much as that campaign was misguided. Well intentioned maybe, but downright foolish to think it could test any reserves.
@_date: 2018-03-23 11:11:10
It uses ethereums EVM. Anything that runs on eth should be runnable on rsk, and I think there are some good candidate projects. Eth is a centralized, bloated mess and I view rsk as a massive technical improvement.
@_date: 2019-01-07 04:12:26
It really isn't.
Visa means a centrally controlled middle man.
Peer 2 peer mutli channel hops means no middle man, just you and your preimage hash.
Off chain layers are the only way to scale bitcoin, blockchains don't scale but peer to peer payments over IP do. Feel me
@_date: 2018-02-11 16:25:01


It's the other way around I think you mistyped, the attack cost is lower with PoS than it is PoW.
Example: The cost to attack a PoS coin is a percent of its supply. Not only is the premine itself enough to attack the coin, but anyone could have purchased enough to attack the coin at lower prices. You have no assurances of distribution at any point in the PoS coins lifecycle. The ethereum foundation or anyone else for that matter could have bought the necessary percent in the ICO and have already invalidated the security model.
More than that, these cryptocurrencies are volatile. Where Ethereum can drop 50% in price and be thus 50% less secure *not only in that given moment, but in all future moments since the attacker can hold their coins*, PoW coins cost to attack does not fluctuate with price and is momentary, not continuous. The cost to attack a PoW coin exists at a given dollar value in a given moment, being able to attack a PoW coin one second isn't an assurance you will be able to attack it in another second - where a PoS coin does offer that assurance.
It will always cost less to attack a PoS coin than a PoW coin because the barrier to attack is lower and there are fewer defensive options. It costs less to have secured 20% of all Eth at some point in time than it costs to secure 50%+ mining power in perpetuity. If a PoW coin is attacked they can change PoW algorithms, they can blacklist blocks, they can use nodes to ensure protocol validation. If a PoS coin is attacked it has none of these defensive options.
2) Zero knowledge proofs are a wonderful thing, but it takes a special kind of ignorance to think ethereum is on the forefront of that technology either. Sharding is an absolute contradiction to blockchain technology, just another example of the way Ethereum chooses to not be an immutable decentralized ledger. It's a fact that the leading technology in this space is developed for bitcoin as evidence by the over 90% of altcoin repos downstream from it.
@_date: 2018-02-20 13:46:36
Of course any transaction that is payed for is legitimate, but there is no valid use case other than attacking the blockchain for this transaction structure, thus it is an attack. There is no reason to believe all of these inputs are colored coins which would be the only viable explanation for sending a transaction with a fee several orders of magnitude larger than the sum being transacted.
So yes, we agree it costs them money, we agree (I hope) that these transactions have no viable use case, and we agree that these transactions bloat the blockchain. That leaves the only thing to disagree about calling it spam or not. I say call it whatever you want, so long as it's clear it is a hostile act with hostile intent.
The fact that Bitcoin can deal with a denial of service style attack, consuming available resources by flooding the services with seemingly legitimate traffic, by simply raising the cost to transact instead of actually denying service is brilliant. We've found a way to make DDoS style attacks pay for the infrastructure of the network and bankrupt themselves in the process. That is the conversation we should be having - not "was it spam?"
@_date: 2019-01-18 23:05:00
This is one of the reasons I love bear markets. Bull markets become a pretty severe annoyance that paralyze all valuable discussion in the sub.
@_date: 2018-03-01 17:57:22


You're an idiot. Great data proving your point, btw. You really showed me.
@_date: 2019-01-07 19:16:50
I'm having some confusion with lnd and was hoping someone could provide some insight. I seem to be missing some sats, or at the least failing to account for some outputs. Counting all my paid invoices (lncli listinvoices) as inputs and my on chain tx fees (lncli listchaintxns) and outgoing transactions (lncli listpayments) as outputs to my initial funding balance, I seem to be missing 7859 sats. I know they were there a couple hours ago and no transactions have occurred since, they just seem to be gone now. Local channel balances went from 107,466 to 99,606 overnight with no transactions to speak of occurring.
Edit: It has been suggested to me the fields I am not accounting for are the reserved transaction fees for new channels. This so far seems like the most likely culprit. Is this the commit_fee produced by listchannels?
@_date: 2018-11-01 01:16:21
What a dumb thing to argue about. I am celebrating the white paper release today and the genesis block in January. Both are anniversaries. Being upset people are calling either a birthday is dumb, telling them to stop is worse. We will celebrate what we want when we want.
@_date: 2019-01-28 00:48:18
I strongly disagree with the narrative that the technical community isn't good at communicating and that this is the problem. The communication is public and in plain English. 
The primary issue IMO is that a leaderless and decentralized community has no unified or coherent messaging or marketing. Unified messaging and marketing from singular sources is what people are used to using to form their opinions. The idea of readin an IRC meetings notes to get a possibly conflicting message is entirely foreign to most people. Altcoins and businesses have this centralized messaging, such as that coming out of Ver and Wu. Bitcoin doesn't and shouldn't. 
You can't correct this "problem" by giving engineers communicating skills. The issue arises because the ecosystem is leaderless by design. The lack of unified messaging is a feature and not something we should seek to correct. The answer is to instead continue to refute misinformation where it is espoused and direct to the public primary sources of knowledge used as the basis for refuting misinformation. 
@_date: 2018-03-28 14:11:28
Because a lack of evidence *supporting* your position isn't the same as a lack of evidence *against* your position. There is a lot of evidence against your position, none of it coming from markets but from simple understandings of gravity and altitude. So to sum up you have zero evidence supporting your position and I have physics supporting my position.
@_date: 2018-03-19 13:17:04
It is my opinion that altcoins are a total misuse of blockchain technology across the board. The next ICO mania won't be for ICOs at all but for layers in the Bitcoin protocol stack. Any function they serve is better served around bitcoins blockchain in a segregated layer.
@_date: 2018-03-26 23:54:36
First, thinking that making money equates to being right is a failure in logic. As I said you could flip a coin and make money.
Second, I'm quite confident that I have out performed you as a trader. That doesn't make me right. I'm right because I can demonstrate it using tools like tradingview. Flipping a coin will not result in predictably breaking even. It's demonstrable.
@_date: 2019-01-07 16:50:23
Nope. Just an innovator. If they were a genius they sure got a lot wrong, not the least of which was their terrible code and  P2PK addresses.
@_date: 2019-01-07 04:49:35
I'm sure there will be centralized layers, they will be how centralized entities and economies interact with Bitcoin. Doesn't mean it will supplant bitcoin or lightning, it cannot.
@_date: 2018-03-27 18:13:12
No one would study it because no one has seriously suggested it except you. It is absurd on its face for the reasons I have outlined.
@_date: 2018-03-19 23:49:49
Because of divergent visions and philosophy, spear headed by a lying megalomaniac selling a provably false narrative identical to the one you're selling.
@_date: 2018-03-23 15:06:59
No, I'm not all about premature optimization. I'm about using the right tool for the job. PHP is great for shitting out low performance web projects, i.e. 90% of the web. It is a horrible platform for peer to peer node based protocols, that's all. It's hard to stand alone package, it's hard to multithread.   It's also worth considering most of the tasks a node based protocol will need will just be using PHP to execute C anyways. It's just not very good at that job relative to its peers.
MySQL is icky on spec, I've never been a fan of the commercial licensing at all or the feature deficit to postgreSQL. Too much Oracle - yuck.
@_date: 2018-03-13 03:18:21
It is your financial advisers selling you mortgages that are predatory, that the financial adviser by inherent understanding of their job and field knows have a high default rate. It's the financial experts gambling irresponsibly with their clients money in rigged markets like libor. Crashing AIG. What do you call it when you sell abusive financial products to line your own pocket while gambling with the worlds money because you know, worst case scenario, you'll get a bailout by merit of being too big to fail? I'd call it fraudulent.
@_date: 2018-03-07 13:48:18
I can't stop laughing at how insecure so many people in this space are. Mempool full? Panic. Mempool empty? Panic. Price up? Panic. Price down? Panic.
Meanwhile anyone who has been paying any attention for the last few years just goes about their day, bitcoin and business as usual. Bubble up, bubble down. Spam attack on, spam attack off. Chill out and just let it all happen.
@_date: 2018-03-27 15:28:10
I don't. That's how we get stuff like BitPays BIP70 only support and no support for valid transactions that don't conform to the BIP. It splinters the ecosystem.
@_date: 2019-01-14 03:28:02
Thanks to the mods for stickying quality content that doesn't get upvotes.
@_date: 2018-03-02 19:19:12
Or it's not a conspiracy. I had a my first fast and successful withdraw about a month ago.
@_date: 2018-03-11 14:13:55
Does the idea of protecting populations from abusive banking practices offend you?
@_date: 2019-01-19 17:31:20
All I'm getting from this image is that 2019 bitcoin is canadian gold. Should have used a loonie.
@_date: 2018-11-28 22:23:07
You absolutely can, just as you can through lightning just as I said. End of story.
@_date: 2019-01-08 23:03:38
Took me about a week to get comfortable with lnd but I think I'm finally starting to settle in for the long haul.
Todays bitcoin showerthought is "when bitcoins price rises again it's going to increase the dollar value of available lightning routes, helping solve lightning liquidity problems that businesses currently face for medium and large transaction sizes"
@_date: 2019-01-16 19:16:25
@_date: 2018-03-27 00:54:30
You are so lost in this conversation. I can only imagine what you think you I am saying.
@_date: 2018-03-01 17:54:33
You're an idiot if you think that's FUD. The only reason you do think it's FUD is because in your backwards brain you have decided patents are always bad. Blockstream did the right thing with their defensive patents, and this defensive patent as discussed in OP is also the right thing for identical reasons. Supporting one and not the other because you're a conditioned, thoughtless fool who understands blockstream = good and patents = bad is hypocrisy.
@_date: 2018-03-25 18:28:46
^ Joined Oct 10 2017, calls everyone new guy to dismiss their views as inferior.
@_date: 2019-01-27 21:05:14
The question was one of capacity. Capacity is a maximum not a throughput estimate of today, but a hypothetical fiction of onboarding 1 billion users.
Thanks for correcting, I meant days not years.
@_date: 2018-03-26 23:23:15
I pity you. Take a math and stats class.
@_date: 2018-02-10 13:49:01
If I give you a signed transaction which you can publish to the blockchain to prove I paid you and reclaim your Bitcoin, is that centralized? No. It relies entirely on the decentralization of the blockchain for that proof to function, it doesn't matter that the transaction is happening entirely off chain between two people. Two people clearly are not a decentralized network, but the proof you will get paid is reliant on a decentralized network. Since you cannot attack this transaction by attacking anything other than the blockchain it is as decentralized as the blockchain is.
@_date: 2018-02-28 17:34:37
Security is not OS dependent and people lulled into the false security that they are safe for running a given OS are mistaken. Knowledge and prudence are the only means to truly be safe regardless of what software you run or hardware wallet you use.
Sign your transactions offline and keep multiple encrypted and fragmented backups. Use proper access control procedures for interacting with your private keys. Only you can be your own bank.
@_date: 2018-03-27 13:44:02
What does my personal wealth have to do with statements like "Gravity doesn't impact markets" and "flipping a coin to make trading decisions will not assure a break even scenario"? These are things so easily disproven, especially the second, and have nothing to do with trading at all.
@_date: 2018-11-21 17:40:17
It's not worse from a financial standpoint. If you invested 20k at the peak in 2013 you would have had less than 2k at the bottom. I can dismiss those types of feelings as wrong if not irrelevant.
@_date: 2019-01-29 22:23:38
In your mind what is the actual impact of a heavily hub and spoked public portion of the network? What can a hub do that you are afraid of? I'm more concerned with attacks on anonymity by running an enormous percent of the public network than I am the power of hubs, and even that I am not too concerned about since it would require creating enormous amounts of liquidity to execute.
@_date: 2018-03-26 23:45:06
I'm not even sure you have the English comprehension skills to understand the words I am typing. I feel as bad picking on you as I would someone with a learning disability - which is why I tried to politely teach you something. That didn't get any traction, so we've moved on to more base and universal emotions - shame. Feel shame. You should be embarrassed that you think gravity affects peoples investment decisions, or that a full moon has a different gravity than a half moon. You should be embarrassed that you think flipping a coin to make buy/sell decisions on an asset would result in breaking even, provably false by just trying it on any dataset a few times. It's just top to bottom embarrassing. Not knowing something, or not thinking about something isn't a cause to be embarrassed. To willfully reject the obvious and basic proof you're wrong however is something to be deeply ashamed of. Willfully, grossly ignorant. Sue your public school system.
@_date: 2018-03-27 15:36:55
Because it essentially forces the adoption of BIPs as opposed to allowing adoption to grow organically. Was the segwit rollout so long ago that you don't remember it? Explorers and wallets of all manner failed to properly handle segwit transactions. For a wallet to come out and explicitly support only certain kind of transactions and exclude legacy transactions causes splintering in the ecosystem.
@_date: 2018-03-23 16:26:11
Ethereum can't atomic swap with bitcoin.
You can learn more about the way the RSK drivechain works [here](
@_date: 2019-01-07 04:54:44
Satoshi was neither a god, nor a genius, nor a seer. They were an innovator. They made mistakes. They built the foundations for something beautiful, but their vision is entirely irrelevant.
@_date: 2019-01-20 18:32:50
Solvency in this specific scenario is a simple question of "Do they have the bitcoin and CAD to meet their users deposits?" The answer is no, anything else is semantic.
Also, investopedia isn't a dictionary and Quadriga deposits aren't in investment in Quadriga.
@_date: 2019-01-07 02:22:06
Not sure how I missed that, thank you!
@_date: 2019-01-15 07:06:53
Genuine question - what do you think we are talking about?
The website only enables shipping to the US you daft clown, we aren't talking about Bitcoin but his woocommerce shipping restrictions. 
Congratulations you win today's prize for misplaced outrage caused by your own stupidity.
@_date: 2018-03-09 18:26:26
If you did your research then why did you miss the fact that people trading way more money than you, upwards of 6 figures are going through these exact same issues - and that after a delay they are all resolved? It's been happening in the canadian banking ecosystem for MONTHS. The only person misinformed here is you, and the fact that you have apparently all the time in the world to learn these things and still have failed to do so is just further evidence of your buffoonery.
Like I said, valium is the only solution to a legitimate problem you have that needs to be talked about here.
@_date: 2019-01-12 20:53:45
Anyone trying out sphinx lnd transactions on mainnet yet? I'm looking for someone to play with. 
@_date: 2019-01-08 17:58:58
It's wonderful how immediate it is. I love peeking over at my lnd node monitor and seeing the action.
@_date: 2019-01-28 17:05:49
There are for sure some issues scaling lightning, I think the most pressing being the very heavy gossip protocol. That's why it is so important to be accurate about what those issues are. There is no issue with hostile nodes. You slip it in there right alongside correct information like there is a risk of an inadvertently stale chain state being broadcast and a fund forfeiture happening.
@_date: 2019-01-29 18:06:11
Spamming the network is an attack on Bitcoin, not lightning, and it is handled by attaching a cost to transactions. Some people view the high fees of those moments of attack as a problem, the reality is those fees are a solution.
Front running transactions is primarily an issue with cross chain swaps over lightning, not the normal operation of the network.
DDoS of a node can be addressed by simply turning on TOR and using onion routing, making your node and channels private, or simply changing your IP and closing those channels.
The reality is lightning is trustless, there's not much of anything a sybil node can do to harm you.
@_date: 2018-03-17 17:54:04
We've crossed those moving averages before we'll do it again. Bitcoin lives on.
@_date: 2019-01-28 17:53:28
I'm only an hour and some in, but I'm loving it. Thanks for stickying this.
The talk about electricity is excellent and very much in line with the earlier coinshares investigation. It's too bad the people who need to hear these arguments are never going to read the research or watch these conferences.
Edit: The discussion about SPV clients and Neutrino are super insightful and worth a watch by anyone who wants to understand the trade offs between SPV clients and full nodes. I don't think a lot of people understand that these light clients can be "dangerous" as Peter puts it. Link: 
I am also laughing uncontrollably at the panel discussing Ethereum. 
@_date: 2018-03-27 15:46:22
I wrote them very clearly, you just called them "complicated".
@_date: 2019-01-16 20:30:51
!lntip 100000
Do you have any examples of projects being worked on to accomplish that last mile connectivity with Blockstream satellite as the backbone?
@_date: 2019-01-07 04:31:56
I am certain you don't understand how offchain protocols or visa works if you believe that. No p2p protocols will become the next visa, they cannot be by design. They are peer to peer.
@_date: 2019-01-12 20:29:58
!lntip 1000
Anyone want to see if they can try this with me?
@_date: 2018-03-26 18:54:20
You don't think the argument than we are impacted by gravity is a fairly poor support for any given trading strategy?
@_date: 2018-03-27 17:51:35
There are facts OUTSIDE of markets. Relating to things like gravity and math. None of anything I have said has anything to do with markets at all, aside from asserting gravity's lack of influence.
@_date: 2018-03-28 13:45:01
Some of these are pretty cool. I'll for sure be bringing up paypercall in my next meeting about api monetization. 
@_date: 2018-03-23 15:57:28
You don't have to run it, it is a segregated layer. Having the option to atomic swap BTC to an EVM has value and that's not something Ethereum can do. RSK is a win for the entire ecosystem whether you use it or not. It scales better than eth, it relies on a real unit of account unlike eth. It is in every way what Ethereum should have been if they didn't take short cuts.
@_date: 2019-01-31 21:40:30
Are you ready to admit Quadriga is insolvent and you have caused significant harm to any members of the community who didn't take the chance to escape or members who entered the exchange in its death throes? 
@_date: 2019-01-15 01:24:32
Quadriga has had some severe issues since its launch and has been insolvent for over a year. That this death notice was used to also impose new limits on crypto withdrawals is fairly shameless IMO. The man is dead, and they are using it as cover to avoid talking about their chronic issues.
@_date: 2018-11-15 05:05:52
You can engage in a lot of ways other than checking price. Try running a node, learning something about schnorr or dandelion, learning about lightning, or even educating others. We're a community of active participants filling many different roles. Checking the price doesn't need to be what bitcoin is about for you.
@_date: 2019-01-03 18:47:46
I share my reddit birthday with the genesis block, how perfect!
@_date: 2019-01-16 04:55:11
Projecting? Nope, just noting a bumbling idiot when they open their mouth. You made an assumption, followed by insults, and the assumption was both wrong and stupid. Enjoy life as a complete and utter dunce.
@_date: 2019-01-07 09:12:18
Bitcoin is very groundbreaking, but it's not very accessible. Most users don't seek out protocols for technologies sake, they have a task in mind and just want to do it as well as possible. Bitcoin will realize its potential when it is eliminating and reducing risk, speeding up transactions, reducing complexity, and reducing costs for people that don't even know what Bitcoin is.
We need to do some work to get to that point. It's so many years of work ahead of us in a network which by design is going to be very slow to adapt. We'll keep gaining use cases and adoption along the way. It's fun to see the boundary of where we are, like exploring lnd or submarine swaps. It's not very user friendly, not very end user goal focused at all. But it will be the building block for decentralized exchanges, for inter-blockchain interactions and the many stacks throughout. That's where we are. Building blocks and platforms.
It's not that Bitcoin is early - you are! Be glad for it.
@_date: 2019-01-14 20:01:51
I'm learning that the commit fees in lightning are the responsibility of the channel opening party, and I learned a few days ago that commit fees are renegotiated constantly. These factors cause local lightning channel balances to be dynamic in a way that is unsettling if your assumption is you have x amount deposited and under management of your lightning node, as you're seeing the available balance constantly shift slightly.
@_date: 2019-01-26 05:58:29
I think everyone understood the tradeoffs, I'm not sure why you are assuming they don't other than you experienced such a backlash. I think you'd be safer assuming the backlash was not because of a lack of explaining, but a disagreement about action. No amount of money that sponsorship could have given you would have seen me endorse that PR.
I don't support operating bitcoin.org as a business, which is easy enough to say when I'm not the one paying for it and I appreciate that hosting isn't free. I would sooner see community donations such as those belonging to this subreddit supporting impartial community resources like what bitcoin.org should be than I would see them commercialized for any money.
@_date: 2019-01-29 21:56:16
There are some rebalancing tools floating around the lnd slack but I admit I haven't used or tried them, but some people seem to be having success.
Centralization of hubs isn't a problem, and not really a good use of the term centralization. If hubs start applying whitelists or denying transactions they will either be routed around or routed through indirectly through their preferred channel partners without knowing the origin point. A hub and spoke channel graph isn't centralized control over anything.
@_date: 2018-11-28 22:16:03
I am not in their jurisdiction and my absolute love to see their misguided attempts at attacking Bitcoins fungibility fail has nothing to do with their investigation. Threats will not stop activism and never have, I am simply standing by my principles and am more than entitled to give those principles voice.
If anything they should thank the community for pointing out the ineffectiveness of these measures and entirely reconsider their approach.
@_date: 2018-02-27 18:34:31
Which would be a problem with the wallet, not the impossible issue of a problem with the blockchain confirmations.
@_date: 2019-01-29 22:30:34
If they are describing a mesh net they are misunderstanding lightning topology and routing function. I think the issue is expectations and consequence, not the practical impact of a distributed vs hub and spoke network graph.
@_date: 2018-11-12 17:26:01
So because he puts effort into being a social media trading personality he deserves to make money on degenerate gamblers he is encouraging?
Are you a fan of this guy? Why? Watching his content is absolutely painful. Guy seems barely informed at all and trying to present himself as an authority, pundit, and TA guru.
I honest to god can't understand why he has any fans at all, and attribute those fans to a need some have for authority and guidance and a misplaced belief he can make them rich.
@_date: 2018-03-22 20:53:51


There are black markets for currency in every country. You seem oblivious to the existence of illegal markets and money laundering. Are you really this naive?


Prove it if you're going to claim it, otherwise it's a wild prediction you are pulling out of your ass. I don't think that's an unreasonable thing to ask.
@_date: 2019-01-31 02:13:13
I used to support RSK. I don't anymore.
I can't support a company that wants to ICO a token to run the higher layers of RSK's function, that takes 20% of every transaction fee, isn't decentralized and won't be for the foreseeable future, and requires a sign up and permission to participate.
The future is off chain smart contracts.
@_date: 2019-01-16 16:18:57
The assets were not legally theirs for an entire year. You make my point for me.
They would have to sell the company to be solvent, much like hacked exchanges sometimes do. That does not make a hacked exchange solvent any more than Quadriga is.
Do you think a hacked exchange thats only mechanism of paying it's debt is to find a buyer is solvent? It absolutely isn't,  not until the moment a buyer is found. Things are only worth what you can sell them for and if no one wants to buy your hacked insolvent exchange you will remain insolvent - much as does Quadriga.
@_date: 2019-01-16 17:11:23
Cite any dictionary definition of solvency which constrains the definition to a time period.
@_date: 2019-01-21 18:57:20
I've been plugging RSK for too long, introducing another token is a deal breaker for me. Between this new token, the dedicated 20% mining fee, the lack of an on-track to be adopted federation killing BIP, and the still permissioned state of running dapps it is clear this project is not moving in a direction I want to see.
Off chain solutions are where I want to be. It sucks that RSK is blowing this opportunity because drivechains still have a lot of promise.
@_date: 2019-01-29 21:12:27
Their as in billerfy's. Which was again confirmed this morning.
You are shilling, you are causing harm to everyone who believes you when you say it is fine and makes further deposits or when they didn't withdraw when they had the chance. How do you not feel bad?
@_date: 2018-02-10 20:32:22
I consider the average "idea" here low value, including this post. Something that is rarely if ever original or of substantial content. How many times have people posted the idea of measuring bitcoin in millibits? How many people have suggested alternative moderation strategies or complained about the general content? This is all contributing to the cluttering of the sub.
@_date: 2018-03-20 00:08:06


That's not true. Open source projects fork constantly.


Because a megalomaniac convinced them that r/bitcoin and blockstream and the core development team were all the same thing, when they in fact aren't. Despite the fact that again, these assertions like "bitcoin is a company" are provably false.


Because it is in their financial interest to do so.
@_date: 2018-03-01 17:22:57


The most absurd thing I have ever heard in my life. The supply did not double last month. I don't think you even understand the words you are using.
@_date: 2019-01-20 18:47:31
The money was released to billerfy and is currently in their lawyers hands in the form of endorsed bank drafts that no one will accept. By no means is that in Quadrigas legal possession and certainly nothing of the legal proceedings gave legal claim to Quadriga users. It didn't even give the money to Quadriga.
You're talking out of your ass.
@_date: 2018-11-30 01:36:17
Dandelion will help with some of that IP leakage. Won't help users who aren't careful with their personal information though.
@_date: 2019-01-21 22:34:58












Token allocation:








@_date: 2018-03-22 17:46:49




It actually is very difficult to force everyone using open source software from multiple clients to change the code they'e running.


Those technologies are attached to a company with a bank account. It's the difference between forcing one person to comply who is clearly identifiable versus tens of thousands who are not clearly identifiable and scattered across every jurisdiction on the globe.
This is exactly why bitcoin exists, so as to be censorship resistant. If what you're suggesting was plausible there wouldn't even be a point in bitcoin existing. This is literally the problem it was designed to solve.
@_date: 2018-03-26 17:04:59
True story, traded very publicly on trading view through at least 2015 and 2016.
Edit: Apparently there are others who do this too. So funny. 
@_date: 2018-03-27 14:47:00
You only call it talking complicated because it is complicated for you. It is otherwise not complicated at all and couldn't be simpler. The thing most demonstrated by this conversation is your ineptitude. I again pity you, fear for your money, and generally wish you weren't part of the same species as me.
I'm not surprised you're an ex-marketer. Explains why you've bought all these insane theories and can't wrap your head around a scientific or mathematical discussion.
@_date: 2018-02-11 14:52:42
It's the difference between a fundamental code problem inadvertently affecting the whole ecosystems supply versus a poorly written smart contract. Show me an instance where Bitcoin has ever forked because a pay to script didn't work correctly and you have an equivalent.
@_date: 2018-03-20 00:20:28


That is the provably false conspiracy I am referring to. Not neutral.
@_date: 2018-03-28 00:50:19


@_date: 2019-01-30 02:50:17
Millibitcoin already have a name, just use metric prefixes. You can set the display of most wallets to mBTC already.
@_date: 2018-03-18 14:42:18
Says who? 99.99% of altcoins have no place in the world at all. Most are not decentralized, any that are even remotely don't scale. From a technology perspective the altcoins space is at best a joke and at worst a scam.
@_date: 2019-01-18 06:54:47
So we agree that this solution does nothing to stop the private database breaches and selling of information which is today the principle cause of identity theft.
I think we also agree that government record keeping would be much better done on some manner of sidechain with its state anchored to bitcoin.
Where I lose you is how what you are proposing addresses any concerns about identity theft.
How does what you are describing at all stop or reduce identity theft if the exact same access to this information persists in the same databases it is getting hacked out of today? Even with a centralized hash driven public ledger, the principle avenue of privacy leaks continues unabated. 
@_date: 2019-01-31 22:31:14
The evidence was obvious and cited for you, you were in denial. You caused meaningful harm to any peers that listened to you.
@_date: 2019-01-07 03:05:54
Joy oh joy payments are being routed to me finally!
Any advice on better configuring lnd's autopilot? I was really hoping it would manage my channel states but it has over the past week done an amazingly poor job of it. I've got it set to use 99% of channel funds (to avoid the fee calculation bug when it's set to 1.00), as well as minimum and maximum channel sizes but that's it. 
@_date: 2018-03-07 19:13:18
It's shocking how eager people pouring into a trustless ecosystem are to trust exchanges. It's certainly not for lack of warning or explanation. No matter how many times we reiterate the lessons of mtgox and mintpal and bfx and dozens of others people are still clamoring to trust someone else with their bitcoin.
I hypothesize it's because exchanges make it easy. Being your own bank forces you to think. Thinking hurts peoples brains and they will avoid it if at all possible.
@_date: 2018-03-21 02:50:42
Your armchair lawyering doesn't match existing examples. Again,more child abuse is passed over IRC than has ever touched a blockchain. Has a single IRC service provider been shut down? Almost all child abuse passes through TCP and ISPs, how many ISPs have been charged?
@_date: 2018-03-23 15:11:26
Of course there is none, if there was it wouldn't make much sense. Nothing decentralized has efficiency, it's all being done redundantly. That means the EVM is a good platform for code you want to run on everyones computer as opposed to one. Like decentralized exchanges or decentralized credit markets for example. Possible to do with Bitcoin and atomic swaps alone in both cases, but so much better to raise a layer and get that crud off the btc blockchain and into a higher abstraction where it is easier to code and maintain and scale.
@_date: 2018-03-26 16:58:43
My personal favorite was the guy using lunar cycles to trade with. I recall he did fairly well too.
@_date: 2018-03-23 15:43:36
No. Drivechains are governed by Bitcoin miners. The advantages rsk has over eth are numerous. For one it resolves to bitcoin, meaning you can run these contracts with BTC and rsk benefits from Bitcoins decentralization and marketcap. Rsk is also much better structured resulting in much smaller chain state data and even discardable chain data to further reduce centralization and scaling issues. 
@_date: 2019-01-05 22:18:11
I will check this again but I thought it was working properly. I get incoming and bidirectional channels when operating on testnet and lncli listpeers notes peers are incoming. Not on mainnet though.
Edit: Manually forwarded the ports, I'm seeing incoming connections. Still no incoming channels. I'm going to close my existing channels and see if lnd autopilot does a better job this time. Only  **600 blocks** to get out of these wasted and pointless channels. Any config options I can set to change the default channel clearing period or channel entering fee logic?
@_date: 2019-01-16 20:10:18
I imagine a future where government crackdowns on communication can be circumnavigated by ad hoc low cost receiver stations propagating messages locally via mesh net. How possible will this kind of application be?
@_date: 2018-03-04 14:45:02
There was a great paper recently examining this type of attack on Bitcoin and Ethereum, called an eclipse attack. In Bitcoin it will require controlling hundreds of nodes at unique IPs or internet routing infrastructure in the form of a BGP router. In Ethereum the problem was unexpectedly more severe with any 2 malicious nodes able to convince a target victim that a false blockchain was real via isolation. That has been partially addressed in the latest version of geth, but not fully. I don't have it handy and am on my phone, but if anyone knows what I am talking about and has a link I'd be appreciative.
@_date: 2018-02-18 14:44:01
What bitcons does is make you your own bank. Congratulations, you are the proud owner of $50 dollars in a way you have never before owned $50. You are responsible for it's security and no one can tell you what you can or cannot do with it, you are financially sovereign.
You should start by securing your Bitcoin. Learn about moving your Bitcoin to your own wallet, backing up your wallet, signing transactions offline and storing private keys. The learning curve is steep enough to hang yourself on so don't be discouraged. Censorship resistance and financial sovereignty are worth it I promise.
Because we are so early in the life of Bitcoin and the value of being your own bank has been realized by so few people, the value will either skyrocket as people adopt Bitcoin or plummet as people abandon it. This make Bitcoin a good speculative asset. I use my Bitcoin as a form of long term savings and retirement fund. Sometimes it's up 100% other times it is down 90%, but if you hold for a couple of years it typically trends upwards. IMO contribute $50 once a month or whenever best suites you and enjoy the wild ride, but consider it like gambling. That money could be gone tomorrow so don't bet more than you can risk losing.
@_date: 2016-09-07 19:39:40
OP is claiming suspicious order cancellations and questioning legality. How is that an assertion that coinbase is a scam?
@_date: 2018-03-23 08:30:21
There is value to turing complete smart contracts. There is value to segregating the "move fast and break things" philosophy of the ethereum project and the conservative decentralization of Bitcoin. There is value in discardable chain data, the lumino protocol, and other scaling improvements over ethereum. There is value in "altcoins" shifting to layers to rely on bitcoins decentralization, userbase, and market capitalization. I'm not really sure how you've concluded there are no use cases for a project like RSK.
@_date: 2018-02-11 17:05:57
Vitalik is Canadian, not a communist, and a generally smart and good guy. He just doesn't prioritize decentralization as a network value. That makes him someone I disagree with, not someone who deserves a character assassination.
@_date: 2019-01-21 21:05:29
ICO's are entirely unnecessary, they already are monetizing with a 20% dedicated mining fee. Private ICO's are shadier still.
They also clearly control the entire ecosystem, from who runs dapps to the entire currency used in higher layers to the dedicated fee. If Blockstream was getting a dedicated fee of 20% from every block you wouldn't call that centralized? It also literally is running a federated peg. It is by design centralized until their BIP gains any traction which it has so far failed to do.
Bitcoin is an ecosystem where people have put in tens of thousands of hours of work for free, there are many other FOSS projects that can say the same. What world are you living in where FOSS doesn't exist?
@_date: 2019-01-17 18:53:15
One of the many reasons coins on exchanges aren't your coins.
@_date: 2019-01-28 05:30:15
I can't get any plainer than easily consumed english.
@_date: 2019-01-05 23:27:05
The didn't get my click so thanks for the warning all.
@_date: 2019-01-29 17:26:47
I miss vault of satoshi.
@_date: 2018-03-19 22:21:25
It's not. The proof it's not is in the github repo. It's in every IRC meeting. It's in the mailing list. You've bought a provably false narrative and now you're peddling it.
@_date: 2019-01-09 19:27:24
I'm getting a real kick out of the replies that are asserting now that lightning is a proof of stake system because they don't understand what point of sale means or how lightning functions.
@_date: 2018-03-28 14:02:30
The markets are not some black hole of any theory is equally valuable because nothing can be proven. There is evidence and then there is no evidence. You are working with no evidence. Not enough to have no evidence, you're working against evidence as there is evidence inherently you are wrong by the fact that the moons gravity isn't the largest gravitational delta the body regularly experiences. That makes your theory trash.
@_date: 2019-01-10 20:11:35
Lightning network transactions are going to get me online gambling way more (was previously zero). They are just too impulse friendly. Also for some reason when I send funds on a long term active channel I don't even think of that money as sent anymore, it's just funds that are waiting to come back to me. It feels psychologically different than bitcoin transactions which I carefully consider before executing. The first big poker site that accepts lightning deposits for each hand is going to get a lot of business from me.
@_date: 2019-01-18 20:37:01
It's so silly, it sounds like we agree eon 90% of things but you're denying some basic facts about identity theft. It frequently occurs with no more information than addresses, phone numbers, and names. I know this as a past victim of it. Your definition of identity is impractically narrow.
Even in this space victims of sim swapping and bitcoin thefts are victimized via identity theft. It's a social attack on poor operational systems. Those are common forms of identity theft not requiring the information you equate as identity.
@_date: 2019-01-18 20:10:44
I've been getting these emails once or twice a week for about a year, often including a 10+ year old used once password for a long dead hosting account at a niche hosting provider. I can't begin to tell you how tempting it is to mess with the senders, but when bitcoin is involved it's better to not draw any additional attention than ignoring them.
@_date: 2018-02-12 18:44:47
I had already claimed both the above previously as well as a few others like Clams and byteball. This most recent fork claiming for me was bitcore, bitcoin diamond, bitcoin super, and s2x. I still have a few more to claim as well.
For me it was worth it. I made over a bitcoin on bitcoin diamond alone. Some were only a few hundred dollars but anything is better than nothing.
@_date: 2018-02-04 22:47:31
Copying and pasting open source code does not copy and paste our network running the code.
@_date: 2018-11-28 23:15:37
Create lightning channel with tainted coins, execute lightning transactions and swaps, exit with swapped coins, assets, services.
@_date: 2018-02-27 15:13:22
It showed a zero balance because it was syncing and verifying the blockchain, you were impatient. When using a full client it sometimes takes a week to sync.
@_date: 2019-01-26 18:23:18
Well lets see. I just opened a lightning channel, it is [153 vbytes and 610 weight]( 
4MB /610 byte-weight * 6 blocks an hour * 24 hours a day * 365 days a year = 
39,342 channel openings per hour
944,208 channel openings per day
344 million channel openings per year
1 billion channel openings per 2.90 years
A million new users a day would be an unheard of growth rate in bitcoins history, even centralized entities which would reasonably outpace bitcoins direct adoption report peak signups of 50k a day during the bull runs.
@_date: 2019-01-09 01:26:07
I hate that I am now part of these obnoxious tipping threads for fractions of pennies but I can't help myself. Pressing buttons on my lightning wallet is too satisfying.  Oh well, at least just the daily thread and we aren't derailing a high level discussion with tons of spam. 
On that note, tag you're it.
!lntip 594
@_date: 2018-03-19 14:10:12


Yes and yes.
Blockchain is a global shared resource, growing within constraints every ten minutes. Consuming the available space of that resource as a messaging app would be an unbelievable waste and outrageously expensive. If someone really wanted to make a blockchain based messaging app the best choice would be as a layer that resolves to bitcoins blockchain. The main benefit of such a system would be proof of messages at a given block height.
@_date: 2019-01-16 15:45:58
Do they have the money to cover deposits available to them? If the answer is no they are insolvent. Not sure what definition you are using, but solvent exchanges don't require withdrawal restrictions nor withdrawal wait times of months.
@_date: 2019-01-29 19:37:30
Reserved commit fees may make some micro channels inoperable, but lightning if anything excels through spam attacks that limit onchain throughput. Remember you can use an entire channels counterparty balance as fees when disputing an invalid state close. I don't know what you are on about with the talk of on chain spam hurting lightning.
I have never heard of anyone saying front running ln transactions without a swap involved is a problem. The idea that someone is going to rebalance the entire networks channel states in the matter of seconds when a route is being queried doesn't seem like a valid criticism to me and I would like to see a better description of the alleged attack vector. When people talk about front running transaction in ln they are always talking about swaps in my experience, front running the trades.
Agreed there are plenty of minor hurdles and quality of life issues and improvements such as sphinx payments and eltoo resolution in the pipe, but nothing that you could claim is an effective or consequential sybil attack.
@_date: 2019-01-03 21:20:49
So? It certainly wasn't because the small number of users who could withdraw had completed a run on the exchange.
If it is the case that they disabled due to this event that makes them very stupid. Their reserve would have had to been unbelievably low to be impacted.
@_date: 2019-01-30 02:48:32
You don't need to convince anyone, just do it. There is the entire metric prefixed table of bitcoin units, you can change the display in most applications including Core. I do the exact opposite of you, I have been increasingly using sats and millisats. Culture spreads from use, not decree.
@_date: 2018-11-16 19:54:06
Coinbase is entirely owned by traditional financial services, what are you on about? They are so deeply tied to the traditional financial sector they are one and the same. They have absolutely the same regulatory scrutiny as well.
@_date: 2019-01-21 20:10:27
What part is confusing you? I have previously supported RSK and been very interested in the project but I won't any longer, and I list the reasons why:


1. I do not support new tokens especially ICOs and private sales and launches. I am interested in RSK because it runs on SBTC (now RBTC) and making a new speculative token the foundation of higher tier functionality is the opposite of what I am looking for.
2. RSK takes a dedicated 20% fee from miners on transaction fees.
3. The RSK BIP has received no traction and remains unnumbered. This means RSK will remain federated for the foreseeable future and not decentralized.
4. RSK remains permissioned, requiring registration to run dapps on.
What's not to get? As I have previously campaigned in favor of RSK I will now be campaigning against it. This cannot be the future we want for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-01-07 09:21:47
!lntip 420
@_date: 2019-01-27 19:30:44
The first isn't my assumption. My assumptions are that every block will be a full 1MB with 4MB of weight. We are describing the maximum number of channel openings possible so yes we are talking about exclusively lightning opening as described in the ass backwards rbtc post OP got the 300k number from.
They aren't unrealistic assumptions and OPs problem doesn't begin to appear again by any factor. OPs numbers are off by over 3 thousand years.
@_date: 2019-01-21 22:36:29
Federated Peg


@_date: 2019-01-09 00:32:08
you're out of juice, let me help you out there !lntip 420
@_date: 2018-02-27 15:47:47
That phone number is a scam, just google it.
@_date: 2019-01-08 18:27:45
There are [17,468,850]( bitcoin already mined. That leaves 3,531,150 remaining to be mined.
Mining will never stop. The coinbase reward (the mining reward that mints new bitcoins from this 21 million pool) halves every 4 years into near nothingness but the transaction fees earned from mining will always be there. When there is no tangible reward from minting new bitcoin miners will still mine for the fees.
The lost coins impact supply, making the practical available supply much smaller than 17,468,850. Other than the impact on available supply and that some number of lost coins could some day be recovered by "quantum mining" they don't really matter.
@_date: 2018-03-27 22:51:57


Because I am basing my views on evidence not assumptions, just as I am basing this argument on evidence.
@_date: 2018-02-13 00:04:47
What exactly is at risk? It's money you would otherwise not have. You risk nothing versus not attempting to get your free forks.
@_date: 2018-02-21 14:03:23
Don't do this. You end up sounding like a door to door missionary and annoying more people than you will convert.
@_date: 2019-01-16 23:59:04
Check out the next message
Some excellent predictions made by Jonathan Thornburg too regarding malware.
@_date: 2018-03-27 16:20:40
An explanation that relies on logic to support it as opposed to authority, yes. That's how logic works. That's how math works. That's how the scientific method works. It isn't link based.
Think, you buffoon. Use your fucking brain.
@_date: 2019-01-29 20:47:12
Ahhh yes you are talking about the gossip protocol and propagating state change notifications, which is absolutely a scaling challenge that needs resolution right now. I don't think the solution is to add lightning fees, but to instead simulate an enormous network and just start attacking the bottlenecks. The gossip protocol as it exists today is ridiculously verbose and needs optimization badly.
In regard to front running, I don't think that attack is possible in practice just because of the way routes are queried, my understanding is it happens in parallel and in a very short window of time. You would both likely fail to rebalance before the transaction found another route and be routed around for failing to respond quickly enough.
If the "attack" is successful there sure isn't much consequence. If anything the attacker is providing a trustless service and ensuring liquidity. As far as attacks go even ideally not a lot is being accomplished and the "victim" isn't impacted at all.
@_date: 2019-01-21 17:23:23
The SD card is the real flag in your configuration. It could also be your CPU or internet speed.
Running bitcoin nodes is a demanding task. For some people on high end consumer hardware it takes a day, on low end hardware it can take weeks. Someone here recently was using an external hard drive and it took them over 2 weeks.
@_date: 2019-01-17 19:08:36
Yes identity theft is a real problem. Another one of the reasons why being in cryptographic control of your own finances has value. Even someone with your identity can't control your bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-03-11 14:24:20
There are many uses beyond transacting. Hedging against other markets and long term (10+ years) savings are what I use it for and both require holding not transacting.
@_date: 2019-01-01 20:04:07
It and many other resources are in the sidebar.
@_date: 2019-01-07 03:54:12
I think it's fantastic. I don't think it has a lot to do with lightning, lightning is still so early in its maturity. I don't think I'd recommend it to anyone but developers. Watchtowers/eltoo and a substantially optimized gossip protocol will be necessary before Venezuelans will find easy use of lightning.
All that said, using this technology is like peeking into the possible futures for peer to peer payments and it is mind blowing. This is the future, p2p offchain bitcoin payments change everything.
@_date: 2018-02-05 04:09:29
A network is its participants. The entities running the protocol. Our miners and nodes cannot be copy and pasted.
The things that make Bitcoin unique from other crypto are the cost to attack it, it's turning non-complete, the isolation of features and risks by layer, its lack of founding entities, the only scaling plan that actually scales among others. Bitcoin is going to have its own ICO boom in the form of layers on top of Bitcoin. Layers which may or may not resolve to blockchains, allowing people to build things that scale. 90% of altcoins are Bitcoin forks because they don't have the skill, the funding, or the interested volunteer manpower that would be necessary to build the features themselves.
@_date: 2017-09-13 17:24:22
I think you've entirely misunderstood the press on a ban of cryptocurrency exchanges potentially happening. Has zero relationship to mining or OTC markets.
@_date: 2017-09-14 17:49:52
If your hypothesis was true absolute no innovation would ever occur in China. Do you believe that is true? I think it's pretty obvious on its face that it isn't true, billion dollar replica market be damned. Hasn't stopped Chinese invention or innovation.
Copyright laws are key to creating a wealth gap, nothing more. Of course inventors would like to patent their things to make as much money as possible, and of course if its an option for them they have pursued it. That doesn't mean that without this incentive in place that they would either make no money, or so little money as to disincentive all entrepreneurial activity. There is pretty clear evidence that even in countries without patent law, or in countries with outrageous taxes, innovation and invention continues strong. 
@_date: 2019-01-15 18:27:44
It's a full node even if you don't accept incoming connections. Accepting incoming connections (especially over clearnet and tor - bridging the networks) is very valuable to the network, but it isn't necessary to be qualified as a fully validating node.
@_date: 2017-09-20 16:59:11
As far as I am concerned bitcoin is resilient enough to withstand a fork every other week, and I would be ecstatic about it. Each of these forks is free money in my pocket.
Can't wait for that 2x free money.
@_date: 2019-01-19 18:57:55
It was a public dispute with the vast majority of companies in the space publicly taking a side to try to sway consensus in their favor. That's why they were public and open about it.
@_date: 2019-01-05 20:06:35
Anyone have any LND configuration advice? Been running almost a week on autopilot, ran into several already documented bugs like trying to make channels without accounting for fees. My biggest problem is I can't for the life of me get any bidirectional or incoming channels. I resorted to spending on one of my autopilot created outgoing channels, but apparently there is no route from any popular services to that channel and thus me either. I manually added the most connected nodes as peers hoping they would connect to me if I did them but no dice. I can't for the life of me accept incoming lightning payments without a routing error.
How can I configure lnd autopilot to only make bidirectional channels or encourage peers to make incoming channels?
@_date: 2019-01-07 00:58:03
I'm getting increasingly desperate for an incoming channel on my lnd node operating on autopilot. I've got inbound peers, I've got several open outgoing channels which I've even spent a good bit on trying to create the ability to receive funds, but no matter the service I use I just cannot get an incoming route to my node.
@_date: 2018-03-05 14:29:06
No they are not. The fee to deposit fiat on an exchange + the fee to trade + the fee to withdraw + the onchain fee. Assuming you paid directly with Bitcoin the fees stop there, still way higher than fees for a direct fiat transaction but not as high as one of these cards, which have their own fees in addition to the ones you spent getting Bitcoin in the first place.
@_date: 2018-02-25 14:46:22
Luke has been begging for a PoW change for years now. It seems very reckless and short sighted. No matter what algorithm is chosen we will be degrading our security and competing for hash rate while elevating whoever inherits our sha256 miners.
@_date: 2019-01-21 17:32:56
Todays XKCD is very relevant to all price discussion here.
@_date: 2017-09-08 17:52:26
I wish someone would do some original reporting. All this has done is confirmed how easy it is to circulate fake bitcoin news because no one knows how to check their facts.
@_date: 2018-11-13 17:47:55
We've always warned users BCH could be attacked at will for having such low hashpower, now it is happening. Doesn't impact Bitcoin in the slightest, he can't muster anywhere near the hashpower necessary to attack us and would go broke trying. Just get the popcorn ready and enjoy the mess our ex-peers have willingly set themselves up for.
@_date: 2018-11-16 23:02:45
You realize that "custody" in this manner isn't a relevant term when referring to entities that predate bitcoin I hope. Bitcoin custody is an entirely different beast than any manner of custody any bank has ever managed. So yes, Coinbase has a much longer record of custody management including everything up to a faraday cage in unknown secret and moving locations, using dispersed multi party storage and key generation. Can there be any question that Coinbase is as qualified as any custodial solution, and certainly more qualified than one that doesn't exist? We aren't talking safety deposit boxes here.
Make no mistake I am no coinbase fan nor that of custodial solutions, I view all the above options as an abhorrent attempt to custodialize a non custodial asset class. That doesn't change the fact that if custodial and regulated by the US is what some investors want, it exists.
@_date: 2018-03-19 14:34:14
Not willing to give page views to that tabloid. Really not sure why the domain hasn't been blocked all together.
@_date: 2019-01-16 15:48:54
Insolvent - unable to pay debts owed. That's exactly where Quadriga has been for over a year by their own admission. It is you who doesn't understand what insolvent means. I'm not insinuating anything, I'm directly observing the shitty use of a man's death. It is literally in the same text as the death announcement that they added these new restriction. 
I'm not sure why you are such a quadriga apologist but you are grossly misinformed. 
@_date: 2019-01-27 23:12:25
They already are. I keep running into people who have a warped and incorrect preconception about how lightning functions, and have strong criticisms founded on those invalid assumptions. It seems to be a product of the misinformation campaign being promoted in the bch sub.
@_date: 2018-02-27 15:08:06
I don't think you understand blockchain scaling if you think any other coin has a working solution.
@_date: 2019-01-18 01:04:45
You're right that a distributed ID system would avoid those ridiculous downtimes and be an enormous upgrade over existing norms. I don't think it would help identity theft though.
@_date: 2018-03-27 17:24:37
Lets reverse roles for a second. Why don't you provide me with a copy of the paper proposing this strategy that suggests gravity as a mechanism of action? It doesn't exist, because the paper uses the hypothesis of hormonal change in mammals as a mechanism not gravity.
@_date: 2019-01-27 23:14:00
Not yet
@_date: 2019-01-07 07:34:25
Used you guys back in the day. Support lightning deposits and withdrawals and I'll use you again. I can't be arsed to dig coins out of cold storage and the only coins I'm willing to play with are all locked up in lightning channels.
@_date: 2019-01-03 18:44:59
1) No where near 100% of exchanges reserves will be tested by this action. What are you expecting to happen, a run on 10% of exchange holdings at best? Exchanges could be running severe fractional reserves and not be tested by this.
2) Because this campaign will never "prove" anything regarding exchange solvency its only purpose should be to get people off exchanges permanently. The idea that this will have any role in determining exchange solvency is offering those who sit on exchanges with their funds a false sense of security. That false sense of security is dangerous to instill in exchange users.
Please do not do this again next year - hell don't do it this year. Instead celebrate by running a p2p application you've never run before. Celebrate by engaging in the bitcoin economy. Celebrate by trying a p2p exchange. **Absolutely withdraw your funds from exchanges** but you should be doing that immediately anyways - not one day of the year.
@_date: 2019-01-18 20:19:32
I think your specifics are way off, you wouldn't want to construct keys that way, but I agree that not having to offer your SSN to prove its ownership linked to a government database would be a huge improvement to handling SSN info which would no longer be necessary by corporations.
The trouble is SSN theft isn't the primary means of identity theft. You're wrong to suggest private database leaks are not the primary cause of identity theft of which SSN theft is a subset, and the solutions to proving a set of private information isn't useful for securing information a company requires in plaintext to act on. Companies don't often require proof of the data's existence and association, they need the plaintext address, credit history, credit card information to act on it.
@_date: 2018-03-18 14:21:02
It's not an argument against crypto it is evidence that middle men will never stop trying to convince you they are necessary or exploiting you. No one needs bitpay or coinbase. The only people using either are people who don't know better and just like coinbase and bitpay are trying to cash in on the next big thing. Fuck em, who cares what they do? They aren't part of the crypto community, they are just PayPal and a bunch of people who want to use PayPal.
@_date: 2019-01-15 02:41:28
And they have responded to that development by introducing new limits for withdrawing fiat and crypto. Screams of insolvency to me, as do the many reports of people continuing to wait for months. Even just today a large batch of high value transactions waiting for months were reversed, just look at their subreddit.
@_date: 2018-11-29 19:15:42
It is a Forbes article advocating investment in something entirely incomparable to a traditional investment vehicle. Amazon nor Microsoft stock require you handle the security of those stock. If neither you nor the author see the irresponsibility of suggesting people invest in the top of the crypto market like you are throwing a few bucks at FANG then nothing will change your mind.
The advice is bad, the article is bad.
@_date: 2018-02-20 00:06:39
Currency is a store of value. Some better than others. Currency facilitates a lot of functions with each currency having different and changing properties. That's how all currencies work, Bitcoin and fiat.
Stop thinking so narrowly. The evidence Bitcoin isn't strictly transactional is in the many people using it to do things like hedge market exposure, speculate, and cross international borders.
@_date: 2017-09-01 20:30:12
Its pretty close to a cash and carry arb, it's not about being exposed to the rising bitcoin price but making free money off the price difference between two vehicles.
@_date: 2019-01-15 01:11:24
I was going to buy some stuff but my country isn't allowed it seems
@_date: 2018-03-27 18:49:46
I'm excited for when your book comes out.


What about when a wallet defaults to segwit transactions, and an exchange doesn't support receiving them?
[This]( was [a]( common [problem]( You're pontificating about absolutely nothing relevant. It's sad. Be as condescending or as long winded as you want, it doesn't change these facts.
If you enable a default transaction type that is supported by the protocol but not implemented in a critical mass of clients it creates segregation. If you really need me to I can put that text under the names Alice and Bob, and you can pretend it's a cryptographic proof that will maybe sink in.
@_date: 2019-01-07 06:30:13
I ended up getting an incoming channel from yalls and my routes are largely working now, my need is less dire - still going to open a route with you when my funds clear tomorrow.
@_date: 2018-03-09 19:48:13
You're an insane person. Stop spamming reddit with your insanity. No one cares and you aren't interested in hearing that your money is safe and will arrive.
@_date: 2017-09-05 20:24:11
You realize most bitcoin users transact much less than every day right? I send maybe 12 a year. Thinking transactions/day == userbase is such an unbelievable failure of logic. This isn't cult like dedication, it's a simple understanding of what bitcoin represents to computer science, to politics. Like I said in the very first comment, I have entirely different priorities than you do. Your priorities may even create a coin with a larger userbase - it is after all focused entirely on users and their experience instead of decentralization as the most unique network property in the world. But that isn't an argument bitcoin would fail. A variable number of daily transactions is not evidence of its impending doom which any observer can immediately tell by the many many common dips in transaction volume over bitcoins life.
If being in a cult is being blind to obvious evidence (like fee is down not up), or the contortion of obvious evidence to fit a preconceived notion unsupported by the evidence (like transactions per day falling at all indicates bitcoins impending failure) - then cult like thinking is a better description of your justifications for your views than mine isn't it? My argument is decentralization is bitcion, decentralization is function, decentralization is value. All the evidence points to these things being true. If you were right then altcoins would be more valuable and popular than they are since they are more feature rich and cheaper.
@_date: 2019-01-08 23:26:54
Yes, my new years/10 year celebration was to setup lnd and experiment with autopilot.
I'm using bitcoind and lnd with my own management and wallet gui I've been making as I go, based on lnd.fun
@_date: 2019-01-07 01:11:19
I'm dying for an incoming channel.
Open one with me for any sats and I'll reciprocate as soon as my current channels close in ~26 hours/154 blocks. I'll open one with you either way actually when my funds clear from the useless channels lnd autopilot created for me.
Also, if anyone is interested I'm working on an lnd node manager. It's pretty early stages but I'm using it on mainnet like the reckless idiot I am. Feel free to use/contribute.
@_date: 2019-01-21 23:14:05
Ethereum swaps exist, RSK is not the first nor will be the last smart contract implementation on top of Bitcoin, and offchain is the future of smart contract execution not centralized sidechains.
@_date: 2018-03-26 17:39:54
I think you've missed the substance of my concerns, and there are frankly a number more.
@_date: 2018-02-17 15:01:13
Many new users living their first crash. It's going to get worse and worse as more new people get involved with each major uptrend and then panic at the lows, at least until we hit a critical mass of people.
@_date: 2018-03-27 00:11:15
Your respect isn't worth the invasion of my privacy. You are truly a fool for equating wealth to correctness.
@_date: 2018-03-25 17:37:22
So anything that could ever be sympathetic to a view Roger holds (and this isn't, it's sympathetic to the DPL which Roger doesn't support) is thus automatically some evil plan of Rogers? There is no evidence of Rogers involvement in this post or argument. You're so paranoid you're looking for ghosts, which devalues legitimate arguments against Roger.
@_date: 2018-03-22 14:33:25
I do not at all think the first point is a problem. There is no upper bound to the monetary attack potential of a state actor and thus there must be no upper bound on the cost to attack Bitcoin.
In fact, Bitcoin can do more to stabilize the energy production lifecycle than any technology I have heard of. Power plants are expensive, and need to be built before population and industry exist in an area. When power companies can convert their otherwise wasted production into Bitcoin instead of flooding the market or going bankrupt everyone wins. It enhances accessibility and viability of inconsistent power production mechanisms especially like renewable sources.
I agree pollution of energy producers is a major issue, but that issue has nothing to do itself with Bitcoin. It's a regulatory issue.
 &gt;no technical benefit
There is a clear technical benefit in security, there are practical benefits for both energy companies and consumers.
@_date: 2018-02-12 17:41:06
I think this is such a good idea. Power distribution and management is killing power companies. Instead of waiting for demand to pick up and losing money in the interim companies can mine crypto. The result will be more broadly available power sources at more consistent rates for consumers.
@_date: 2018-02-10 22:28:26
The "chain" part of blockchain is an immutable chain of blocks. Each new block is built as a function of the last block. If you change one of the blocks in the chain it changes the output of the next valid block, and the valid block connected to that block, and so on through the entire rest of the chain. To change an old block would invalidate the chain and the client would notice.
If you tried to propagate a valid old block by mining a solution to a very old part of the chain and propagate that block, it would be rejected by all other clients since they are actively working on a  much higher valid block height.
@_date: 2017-09-02 23:16:08
If you want to have a coin with better features, go to that coin. I'm here to avoid centralization, I'm here for an investment I can hold for a decade without losing any sleep or fearing its failure. I'm here for the first, the most expensive to attack, and the best developed decentralized network the planet has known. I could give a fuck about your coffee. Out compete me. Cypherpunk honey badger doesn't care.
@_date: 2018-02-14 17:13:56
You cannot sell something without someone buying it. Buyers can then turn around and sell whatever they bought at some point in the future. In this way we have an infinite pool of buyers and sellers so long as there is demand for the item.
Bitcoin is mined. If your question is what happens when the mining reward drops to 0, the answer is simply "nothing". Miners will still mine transactions to earn transaction fees. People will still buy and sell bitcoin based on the supply of people willing to sell and the demand of people willing to buy. Everything will be as it is, excepting the lack of new coins coming into existence.
@_date: 2017-09-21 05:07:51
So long as there is any kind of temporary demand for the shitcoins being produced? YES. Eventually we'll run out of greater fools but until then, take my shitcoins!
@_date: 2018-03-18 14:32:45
I personally am glad it has stopped. 2013 was an obnoxious year on social media with all the tipping and I am not eager to go back to it. It led to so much begging and scamming, it was an impediment to productive conversations.
@_date: 2019-01-15 02:40:18
YES, the *wrong* thread. That's exactly my complaint. Did you read the widows announcement? that's where they decided to dump notice of additional restrictions on withdrawals to avoid discussion about it. That makes this the absolute right place to discuss it.
@_date: 2018-03-27 19:21:28


Every one of those links is because someone didn't support segwit and it caused problems.
It is truly amazing how defensive you are. I do not suggest you get involved in collaborative software development. These kinds of tantrums to simple criticism are really unprofessional.
@_date: 2018-02-10 14:13:41
It was. If anything this community should still be blaming thrymos for this whole mess. His ego and over moderation triggered so many conspiracy theorists who continue to conflate one mans private internet forum with the Bitcoin reference client devs and censorship resistance in a blockchain. These incredibly stupid people and their outrage have been the cause of so many issues the last few years and their crusade clearly began with theymos actions.
@_date: 2018-02-11 17:13:42


Their goal could have been simple investment and belief int he ethereum project. The fact is it would give them the ability to attack it and no one should have that ability.


Why would that stop ASIC production? It's a multiyear investment in manufacturing and efficiency management.  Considering that manufacturers who get leapfrogged in efficiency still complete their initial production runs then so would people in a price dip. We've experienced many dips of the caliber you describe and never before has manufacturing stopped. The rest of your imagined scenario is rife with equally absurd and unfounded assumptions.


Believe what you want, there are many figures who publicly hold enormous sums of crypto. Facts speak louder than beliefs.
This conversation has made one thing clear to me: you live in an ideal fantasy. Instead of imagining your security model under adverse conditions you imagine it under the most ideal conditions. You dismiss adverse conditions not with real examples (like I do when I refer to miners being checked by nodes in a PoW system, or like ASIC manufacturing continuing in the face of price drops) but with hopes for the future which entirely ignore the past and assumptions about human psychology. I would strongly suggest if you do believe those things, find some validation for those beliefs beyond "this is what will happen in a given hypothetical in my mind".
@_date: 2019-01-07 03:28:13
I'm using the maximum channel size to keep all the funds from being dumped into a single channel. Reviewing my incoming payment it looks like adding yalls as a peer was enough to complete my existing autopilot created routes enabling incoming payment on my existing channels I had already spent on.
@_date: 2018-02-26 15:33:29
The idea of a blockchain without bitcoin is incoherent. Blockchain is a decentralized, nash equilibrium based, economic security model. The nash equilibrium is formed through incentive - namely bitcoin. The economic cost to attack, and the opportunity cost to attacking, is a value in bitcoin. Without bitcoin the interesting properties of the blockchain such as decentralization and immutability wouldn't exist at all.
@_date: 2019-04-05 02:11:43
The incentive is that for the cost of just 2 on chain transactions you get as many transactions as you want.
@_date: 2019-01-30 07:22:31
Perfectly normal. You are competing with your peers in fees, availability, capacity, and routes. If your only two channels are back and forth to one node you have the perfect amount of channels to both send and receive transactions, but you won't ever see a payment routed through your node since there's no where to route it to except back in the direction it came. It would be 2 pointless hops in a routed transaction.
@_date: 2018-03-25 17:27:18
No reason to think this has anything to do with Roger. The list of things he has done is long enough that we don't need make additional things up.
@_date: 2018-03-04 18:52:32
That kid relying on alts for his and his sisters education makes me terrified. "I hope it doesn't all come crashing down" what a reckless moron. 
Edit: not a reckless moron, exited most of his alts in the green and is sitting on a minor speculative investment he hopes doesn't crash. Not gambling with more than you can afford to lose == not a moron. Damn editing.
@_date: 2018-03-16 15:42:03
Banks have only disallowed purchases with debit or credit. You can still use e-transfer (quadriga stopped supporting it but ezbtc.ca out of Toronto still does) and you can still wire money.
@_date: 2017-09-06 22:54:09
Your vision of what bitcoin currently is or will become is delusional, much as your depictions of me. Enjoyable fiction though.
@_date: 2018-03-27 16:42:31
Link to WHAT? Evidence that gravity is different across the globe regardless of the moon?
You are literally one of the stupidest people I've ever had to misfortune of arguing against, so let me make the argument you should be making FOR YOU.
1. Gravity has nothing to do with it. If you're going to assert a theory as correct you should at least fucking know what the theory is. Gravity nor tides are mentioned ONCE in this theory. You are just a moron who is making shit up to fill in their poor understanding of concepts.
2. The REAL theory is that moon cycles affect hormonal levels in mammals for evolutionary reasons, which is purported to have an effect on the stock markets of the world. This is stupid for entirely different reasons than you are stupid, as it ignores all the far more prevailing factors on human hormones. Why not a trading strategy based on seasonal depression?
3. The only evidence that exists supporting this theory is a loose correlation. There is no evidence beyond correlation reported anywhere. As I'm sure you do not know, correlation is not causation. The moon has a 29.5 day cycle. You are more likely to be tracking the monthly liquidity of money than you are measuring the cause of the moon. Even that is just a guess in the dark, because THERE IS NO EVIDENCE.
4. You should be embarrassed by the many many logical leaps of fancy you've made in this conversation. You're a stupid, stupid person. Think for yourself.
In sum, I'm done this conversation. You're so stupid that you're beyond saving, but at least you can hopefully learn about the things YOU believe. Stop talking about gravity. Stop asking for proofs of third grade mathematical concepts. You're done. Educate yourself.
@_date: 2019-01-15 16:32:24
If you think proof of keys had the volume required to trigger the insolvency of any exchange you are grossly inflating it's participation. It wasn't even a test on 5% of any exchanges reserves.
@_date: 2018-02-21 15:24:18
Or common sense. No one likes a door to door salesman. Save the preaching for church, if people want to know more about bitcoin they will ask when it comes up or go to places where they can learn more.
Asking everyone you pay to accept bitcoin is just obnoxious. I say that not as a person who is afraid to speak up but as a person who wouldn't want to listen to my customers evangelize their own personal bullshit. What you call social anxiety I call a lack of shame, and despite how much I want bitcoin to succeed I would tell anyone I saw executing this bad advice to knock that shit off, they are making the rest of us look bad by association. There is a reason some people still think bitcoin is a scam and shilling it like a pyramid scheme is near the top of the list of reasons why.
@_date: 2018-11-12 17:10:40
It doesn't though. It sorts out the poor people who follow his advice, he gets paid either way good trade or not.
@_date: 2018-03-27 23:08:42
There is a unanimous consensus here, save your own scientific expertise. Asserting that there is dissent other than your own doesn't mean there is. Go ahead and quote any single person you supports the idea that the moons gravity determines market performance. As I said previously, that's not even the popular lunar trading theory that is just all your own insanity.
@_date: 2017-09-06 21:05:51
hahahahah, ahhh hahahaha! You seriously make me so happy. No one in their mind would read anything I have written about decentralization and think I believe bitcoin is a get rich scheme.
You salty, poor fuck. You got rekt in this conversation and instead of challenging your beliefs you're foaming at the mouth trying to paint me with every negative brush you know.
@_date: 2018-03-18 23:35:00
You are meant to be happy about Bitcoins most successful year to date, yes. Expecting to trade highs and lows with maximum efficiency isn't a reasonable expectation. If you got in as long ago as you imply then you should know very well that each dip is just an opportunity to load up for the long term haul. It takes a seriously jaded investor to be up as much as you are on your investment and still find ways to cry about it.
@_date: 2018-03-12 19:42:49
It's not political correctness it's literal correctness. It's not said to avoid hurting someones feelings but because it is a literal description of the technology. People who mistake or purposefully call Bitcoin Bitcoin Core either have an agenda in propagating that confusion or are in fact technically inept.
If the goal is clarity then correctness should be preferred. If the goal is pretending that some implementation of the bitcoin protocols developers have taken over the protocol as a whole (which they haven't) then sure, call the protocol Bitcoin Core - but lets not pretend that it can be anything other than malice or ignorance.
@_date: 2019-01-22 15:41:53
Billerfy disputes you and says it is still in their lawyers hands. Why would they lie to several users asking and publicly posting the replies?
Jose Reyes literally confirmed his lawyers still have the endorsed drafts an hour ago. Are you going to admit that Quadriga doesn't have the money in any legal capacity or are you going to keep shilling a failing exchange?
@_date: 2017-09-28 18:15:51
So from your viewpoint any situation in which bitcoin does not control over 50% of the market is stagnation?
I think that's pretty unreasonable. Different coins for different jobs, trying to be everything at once is a sure way to accomplish nothing at all. Also I'm quite sure losing 50% market cap is not equivalent to stagnation.
@_date: 2017-09-17 21:44:24
So much cringe. I expect someone like bruce to have a better grasp on the SEC, its role, and what constitutes fraud. I think he does. Which leaves me assuming this kind of stuff is just a cry for attention.
@_date: 2018-11-16 10:31:38
Just because this fork destroyed value doesn't mean all do. The original BCH fork on Bitcoin was considered a constructive step towards scaling and losing dead weight, and preceded ATH bullrun. Those of us selling BCH at the first exchanges allowing deposits were finding the value of our BTC + BCH much higher than our pre-fork BTC.
That this fork destroyed values says something about BCH, not about forks.
@_date: 2017-09-19 16:56:03
So because I think you're stupid I must be a bot owner? Solid conclusion Sherlock. Swing and a miss.
@_date: 2018-03-26 19:26:55
Are you sure about that? I want you to think through some of these conclusions of yours. What assumption about the assets performance have you made if you expect a coin flip on an investment to have a break even value? That an even distribution of buys and sells will cover an equal positive and negative performance of the asset. You could lose money, you could make money, you could pull even. Choosing to buy and sell with a coin flip would not result in a "breakeven expected value", and this is as easy to test as a tradingview script.
You just aren't thinking, that's what leads us to make fun of you and people like you.
@_date: 2017-09-22 00:12:19
Relying on the security of any of these things for your bitcoin is the first step to failure.
Store keys offline, air gapped. Sign transactions offline and broadcast on a device that does not have the private key. Store backups encrypted using several passwords and techniques such as steganography.
Sleep at night happy and secure regardless of what social media account gets hacked. Be your own bank.
@_date: 2018-02-17 14:25:39
Better bet especially if you are challenged for time and don't want to risk losing what you trade is cash in all your BTC forks. There seem to be new forks every month and they should bump your holdings a few percent. Move your current coins first obviously, no point risking exposing a valid private key, but other than that it's pretty low risk and the prefect way for the holders to make a little bit of extra coin.
@_date: 2018-02-20 12:54:27
How are you users so blind? The mempool being empty isn't the proof the transaction structure of the spam was the proof, and we have known it for months. No legitimate transactions include hundreds of inputs, one output, and a fee larger than the sum being moved and we saw a lot of those filling blocks recently. Those transactions stop, mempool empties, and we still have people debating if we were spammed? It's a fact that we were.
@_date: 2018-03-21 02:02:20
The point is anyone can use IRC to run a botnet too, and for decades that has been the most common mechanism. Doesn't make IRC illegal or any IRC service providers liable.
@_date: 2018-03-27 16:29:13
I already linked you to tradingview.com where you can prove the coin flip thing yourself, believe it or not but scientific journals don't publish proofs for things you might learn in 3rd grade math class nor do they publish refutations for every insane and unsupported theory people come up with. That is again not how the scientific method works. If you want to refute the null hypothesis you should publish something.
@_date: 2018-02-11 14:38:00
Banks of the future will use layers on top of Bitcoin and drivechains for transparency and auditability. They will defer trust and anti fraud proofs to the blockchain. They will enable customers to be the sole custodians of their wealth and will expose users to intuitive p2p marketplaces for credit, insurance, and investment. The bank of the future we are making possible will resemble the bank of today in very few ways while accomplishing similar objectives for consumers.
@_date: 2017-10-26 18:05:50
True if a transaction is in a block. Outpacing the honest miners to build a longer chain isn't cheap.
@_date: 2017-09-19 17:25:26
Because JP Morgan is an aggregate of customers, employees, and managers with their own will whom Jamie Dimon doesn't micromanage.
The people complaining about this don't seem to have a solid grasp on how placing orders through a financial system works.
@_date: 2017-09-03 20:33:46
Bitoin is decentralization. If you want something else go somewhere else. We aren't going to sacrifice the most unique network property the world over because you want to use it to pay for coffee. You and your peers shared obsession with reaching as many people as possible and using bitcoin for every use case imaginable will destroy bitcoin if we let it. I get the impulse to want to serve more people, to want to be more functional, but it's naive at best and grossly irresponsible at worst. Move over to BCH if you feel the way you claim.
@_date: 2018-02-10 18:32:09
Where are you looking? There was an AMA with tax specialists the other day, there has been tons of discussion about MAST and Tap/Graftroot. There are articles on lightning every single day including a great talk stickied right now.
If you're looking for fact based technical discussion there are certainly better place like the mailing list, but there is material here too.
@_date: 2018-03-12 21:00:42
Punishment doesn't reverse the damage these companies are allowed to do. It doesn't even deter them because the gains are so significant, much as the death penalty doesn't deter profitable criminals.
Agreeing that this is effectively legal fraud, what would you do to help these banks victims if not a bailout?
@_date: 2019-01-01 00:46:29
I'll be honest, I tried to watch this but the authors desire to over simplify everything and talk in analogies was insufferable and I had to skip and skim through it. First video ends: "NO ONE KNOWS HOW TO DO THIS" Oh lordy here we go.
No, his criticisms and assumptions are not accurate. Going over every single one for all 15 minutes would require more work than I think is reasonable. so lets just consider some brief points.
1. It's happening live right now, there isn't a need to speculate about what could or should happen - it's happening.
2. He makes several claims such as that every lightning node is discoverable (it isn't) or that it needs to be (it doesn't) or that the changing state of channels is an impossible and insurmountable complication (it's not). 
His assumptions are ill founded when they aren't outright wrong, and his conclusions don't even follow his assumptions. He doesn't understand nuances like that routing hints can be passed along with payment requests to discover unannounced routes - he has the layman's understanding of the technology which is probably why everything he explains is via analogy.
He is a perfect regurgitation of the non-technical half-understanding of lightning people in rogers sub endorse.
Lightning isn't perfect and has a lot that could be criticized as well as pending improvements addressing some of those criticisms. Videos like this are a disservice to that genuinely valuable discussion.
@_date: 2018-02-11 15:51:27
1) In traditional tech fields the consequence to moving fast and breaking things isn't the destabilization of a 150 billion dollar market. More than that, Ethereum is *not* on the cutting edge of anything. Adding turing completeness is not some mystery that needs solving, not adding it is a conscious choice. What *is* the cutting edge of the industry are concepts like disposable blockchain data (rootstock), drivechains and sidechains and federated pegs, atomic swaps, MAST, anti-fraud proofs tradable off chain like HTLCs, abstractions and compression like the lumino protocol, and Schnorr signatures. The cutting edge of this industry is **not** cryptokitties.
2) PoW has risks, but as a security model it has been proven time and again as superior to PoS systems. As an economic security model PoW requires an enormously large threshold to effect an attack, and with a balance of security mechanisms between miners and nodes there is an open question as to whether even a 100% miner compromise would result in an effective attack. People complain about the energy required to secure a PoW network and entirely miss the point. The energy required *is* the point, is the security. If you want to throw that away you might as well throw away the entire decentralized security model (which PoS does). The only argument necessary against PoS is that it has a lower cost to attack - absolutely and unequivocally. This lower cost to attack leads to the "necessary" actions such as hard forks which destroy the code is law and decentralized properties of the network. PoS is a self defeating mechanism.
@_date: 2018-02-17 14:58:46
Amazing how large the look-in crowd to bitcoin discussion forums was for a week or two. Tons of negativity and berating of holders as bag holders, their reasons for holding as delusional.
Even without the look-in audience there is plenty of hate to go around for the holders who are perpetually here getting brow beat by crypto traders, no coiners, institutional investors, the media, banks, and lawmakers. So much hate for the holders no matter what the price is.
@_date: 2018-02-03 16:14:11
Blockchain is an economic distributed security model.  The cost to acquire the overwhelming hardware to have full write permission is its main security function. More than that, if such a time were to happen when a majority of miners conspire together there are secondary security mechanisms such as nodes and forks. Nodes can refuse to propagate blocks from miners they perceive to be performing reorg attacks and they can also fork the PoW method in the most dire of circumstances. An attack like the one you are envisioning is necessarily immensely expensive and short lived.  The attacker would always make more money as an honest actor than they would attempting to attack Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-02-17 14:28:07
Go gatekeep something you understand better. Telling people who have been involved in crypto for years that they don't **really** believe because they don't use a tool the way you use a tool, what a load of horse shit.
@_date: 2018-02-21 18:53:40
You clearly haven't read the many publicly posted requests people make. They get posted here pretty frequently. Getting someone passionate about Bitcoin to spend only 6 words asking for someone to start accepting it is unheard of. I've never seen any request that wasn't accompanied by an explanation of what bitcoin is, or an argument in favor of Bitcoin, or a list of the benefits to the merchant for taking Bitcoin.
If people could ask in 6 words and go about their business it wouldn't be nearly the issue.
@_date: 2018-02-28 17:48:58
Maybe you weren't around for the silk road bust but this is nothing. They did latch onto the opportunity to equate bitcoin to drugs and murder and darknet markets at massive scale in the media. The price then shot from $100 to $1100. Turns out honey badger doesn't give a fuck.
@_date: 2018-11-13 16:25:59
My entire point and problem is that Bitcoin does not require, in fact is harmed by, social media celebrities. Why in the world would I choose to attempt to be one? My criticisms have nothing to do with him being a bear.
@_date: 2018-03-18 16:06:04
What's brainless about a long term strategy versus a short term one? It's only brainless because you say it is. If all you see is an investment or a get rich quick scheme you probably shouldn't hold, you'll rekt yourself on dips like this one. If you see a new kind of protocol for creating trust, the way people who engage this as a technology instead of an investment do, it becomes much less brain dead to take a risk and hold it as opposed to blindly guessing what it's going to do tomorrow.
@_date: 2018-03-25 17:54:34
You can say all the bad things you want, but if they are inaccurate I'll be here calling you a lying conspiracy theorist - just as I do to Roger when he does the same.
@_date: 2017-09-04 20:56:30
Hahahaha, ahhhhh hahahahahaha! What, exactly, about bitcoins current path is a failure or implies it might fail?
So long as people who value decentralization live bitcoin lives. No government will stop it. No regulatory body will stop it. No user obsessed zealots will stop it. No miners will stop it. No price point will stop it. Bitcoin is stronger today than it was any day before. You have no idea what it is you've even bought, let alone what its failure conditions are.
@_date: 2018-02-24 14:33:10
I hold more than 1 BTC and I think you are retarded. The fact that you are valuing opinions by the BTC backing them supports that view.
@_date: 2018-02-25 23:47:54
If you honestly believe the majority of miners are controlled by a single party (I don't, but I acknowledge the possibility) and that bitcoin is no longer decentralized then why are you still involved in the project?
@_date: 2018-02-07 00:01:47
Some people here think about the price solely. Others think of the price secondarily. For people who don't really care about the price in any short term description, like those planning for a retirement 20+ years from now or those interested in Bitcoin as a technology, crashes are just opportunities.
For people who only see the price it surely does seem mad. For people investing for other reasons, investing safely and without risking more than they can lose, it's really really funny watching everyone lose their minds.
@_date: 2018-03-22 13:57:28
It's a terrible use for blockchain. You would want to maybe resolve state to a blockchain and operate as a layer, but that's it and even that is dubious.
@_date: 2018-03-26 15:32:32
The first bitcoin hardfork was in July 2010, none of these clients will connect to other nodes.
@_date: 2018-03-12 20:52:34
As others have said they aren't fixed in size but have an upper limit. The reason for an upper limit is to reduce the accumulating and otherwise unbound size of the blockchain. The bitcoin protocol requires every node fully validate and store the blockchain, which increases in size every 10 minutes for its entire life. Certain attacks are possible such as spam attacks which will either bloat the blockchain by including large volumes of free and frivolous transactions, pushing the cost to store and validate that spam on users for the rest of time - or clogging the mempool if they aren't able to be put into blocks, where they increase fees for users before eventually being dropped from the mempool or published to the blockchain once demand lowers. By not allowing these transactions to enter blocks because they are priced out future nodes and users are spared the responsibility of validating and storing these transactions, and the spammers are forced to pay increasing sums of money in fees to perform their attack. It's an inconvenience for user to be sure, but it's a bigger inconvenience for attackers and is the only responsible stop gap solution to managing a blockchains ever-growing resource consumption.
Many miners publish empty blocks with no transactions other than the coinbase transaction (not the company, fuck the company), so blocks are very frequently smaller than the maximum limit. Some people even propose the max limit should be reduced to ~300kb. That's a pretty controversial proposal, for many users who don't understand the technical reasons why these limits exist it causes a lot of frustration. They just want cheap and instantaneous transactions, they don't really care how it's done.
@_date: 2018-03-11 14:54:50
No they are arguing they already paid the relevant network fee and shouldn't be charged for it again because bitpay has a broken infrastructure.
@_date: 2018-03-05 16:06:14
Not my dream.
@_date: 2017-09-05 04:54:22
What fantasy world are you living in where the number of bitcoin users is declining? You're actually delusional. The number of people who have exclaimed bitcoin would quickly be dead is quite large and none have been right, add another name to the list. Bitcoins resilience is its decentralization is it's most beneficial attribute. That you can't grasp this makes you a fitting addition to this list of the incorrect.
@_date: 2018-02-20 13:31:36
First of all we say fuck in Canada, fucking plenty.
Second, you're an idiot who has no idea what Canadians have contributed to the world. Insulin, basketball, BC Wine, the Robertson screw, poutine, Canada Dry, the first electron microscope, the canadarm, alkaline batteries, the ceaser, the caulking gun, coffee crisps, the Java programming language, keyframe animation, rush, and the telephone to name a few. We host world class Universities like McGill, we are active on the global stage through the UN, the G8 and the G20. We have also been significant participants in major conflicts, not the least of which were the world wars for which we still receive annual gifts from Europe. To say Canadians have contributed nothing to the world is absurdly ignorant.
The next time your ethnocentrism gets the better of you maybe be sure the culture or society you are being critical of actually has produced no impact on the world. If you don't we're going to drop off a majority of the world's supply of asbestos at your door, ring the bell, and hide in the bushes while you get cancer.
In sum, fuck you eh?
@_date: 2019-01-28 16:42:08
You may find [this comment]( I made in another sub a useful summary of some of the improvements coming to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-09-06 20:29:05
Again, a stirring rebuke formed from valid conjecture and a sound fundamental understanding of the technology. Keep proving me right, I like it.
@_date: 2018-03-26 16:38:31
So miners just stop mining and wait for a new block to be mined by algo  There are a lot of potential issues with that idea. For one you're splitting the economic cost to attack the network. Some investment will have to be made in algo  to make it as secure as the current mining environment, and pull investment from SHA256 as the cost to attack SHA256 lowers and algo  rises to meet it. Since SHA256 is still the majority of the network all you've done is reduce the cost to 51% attack the network by SHA256 miners - seemingly the opposite of your goals. You've also increased the risk of a "death spiral" due to low hash power on either algo, where transactions can't be published which drives away users and what little hash power remains for competing coins. I don't think this is a very good idea.
@_date: 2017-09-19 17:59:16
Ctrl + F counts for you plus one, also you don't seem to comprehend the word "currently".
Ease up on the cocaine you're going to hurt yourself.
@_date: 2018-11-12 16:31:14
It was a long climb back up to $1000 USD with many exchange hacks, mini bull runs and subsequent crashes, and enormous volumes of pessimism. Then there was an almost calm before the storm. Everyone was getting ready for the etf approval and when it was denied whales took advantage of the shorts to margin call them to the first new ATH in years. From there on it was a rocketship, pausing for some uncertainty around the fork before continuing upwards.
@_date: 2017-09-03 11:51:23
What part of that implied to you that I either dispute your facts or give a fuck about them? I'm concerned with other facts. Make yourself a centralized feature rich coin with empty blocks every 4 seconds, I don't need it.
@_date: 2017-09-19 20:45:45
Yeah, that's not fraud, nor is your description of events accurate. You're relying on a gross over simplification that posits the entirety of JP Morgan as a singular financial party.


@_date: 2017-10-12 17:54:16
The underground economy is huge, and would become even larger in a world with an illegal bitcoin. If bitcoin became the defacto currency of the underground economy instead of USD it would mandate a price higher than it is now.
@_date: 2018-11-19 09:14:38
Holding a given amount of Bitcoin does not make you a part of the bitcoin decentralized consensus model. The idea that a bunch of central authorities owning bitcoin makes it less usable for anyone else who want to own bitcoin is not correct. We are a network of protocol participants. You can stop corporate interest control over bitcoin by running a node, being engaged in protocol upgrades, and educating yourself and others. We saw it with the 2X fork which was proposed by the majority of the corporate bitcoin community, we will see it again.
@_date: 2018-03-27 16:12:47


I explained it explicitly on the page, no link required. The irony of your above statement is insane. This is exactly what you're doing.
@_date: 2018-02-13 15:32:07
It might be. I structured things in such a way that the most likely theft would be by the exchanges, and in such a case they are only stealing the deposited coins. I moved the majority of my forked coins simultaneously so there wasn't a lot of opportunity to use the private key to steal any of the forks.
@_date: 2018-02-11 15:08:01
What thread are you reading where anyone is shilling banks?
@_date: 2018-03-18 01:41:08
Bitmex has a very inconvenient and very secure once a day multi-sig director controlled withdrawal. No hot wallet. Of the exchanges I've seen I like their security the most.
@_date: 2018-03-28 13:17:08
No, I resort to name calling because you are so grossly ignorant that you can't read the text on the page.
@_date: 2018-03-11 18:48:31
I don't keep money with them. I also don't believe stupidity or a lack of expertise is worth a punishment of poverty. Most people trust their financial advisors and experts to not take advantage of them and that's exactly what the sub prime mortgage mess did. They didn't force these people to get mortgages, they convinced them they should and that they deserved it. These mortgages weren't for houses they were for coffins and there is clear evidence everyone shilling these mortgages knew it. An abusive relationship of trust whether it is a police officer or an educator or a financial expert is abhorrent. That the scale of this abuse was so widespread as to literally threaten the global economy is unbelievable.
You would have that abuse continued unchecked in perpetuity?
@_date: 2017-09-18 17:36:22
Bitcoin doesn't work like this.
Unless bitcoin is experiencing a literal 51% attack with reorgs, other miners will mine blocks. You will be losing not only the opportunity cost of mining transactions that you didn't pay for to make money, but you're also all the fees to blocks mined by miners who aren't you. Doing this is also immediately noticeable and a legitimate 51% attack with reorgs would trigger extreme defensive action from the network such as blacklisting nodes and potential PoW changes. More over if you are doing a 51% attack, which is a one shot deal, you're basically killing the value of the thing you're stealing. So you're spending money equivalent to that of a nation state at war to attack bitcoin for absolutely no gain except shooting yourself and bitcoin in the foot. Then bitcoin bounces back and you're broke. Even if you shorted every exchange in existence and borrowed every coin available you still would have pissed away an enormous sum of money because the volume available to borrow is dwarfed by the cost and risk of attack in this manner. Attacking bitcoin is a bad deal no matter how you slice it.
@_date: 2018-02-07 14:50:01
This is absolutely not true. The only people who have lost anything are those that bought within the last 4 months and sold lower than they bought in. I don't know of any holders who consider holding a 4 month activity that ceases when prices dip. Considering the significant number of users who bought at least 6 months ago and are still up hundreds to thousands of percent, I think it is clearly false that anyone who profited in any way has done better than those holding. Holders are still up, way up.
@_date: 2017-09-19 16:53:49
Nope, I don't trade anymore. Just hodl. More like person who appreciates the service bots provide and laughs at people who are following their TA like it's infallible found.
@_date: 2017-09-20 19:57:52
That's not how value works. Bitcoin is the worlds most decentralized platform, unless you fork to a more decentralized one then the value proposition remains. Each fork doesn't just take a chunk of the value with it. Look at every other fork that has occurred, no value cuts to btc.
@_date: 2017-09-14 17:55:56
Uh what? How did you misread that? I literally said "billion dollar replica market be damned".


Do you?
@_date: 2018-11-19 00:07:02
Yes. The important message here is when verifying signed messages, choose a unique message yourself to be signed. Allowing the person signing to choose and never release the preimage means they could have simply worked backwards to come to a valid signature.
@_date: 2017-09-08 01:24:39
Is it a strawman argument to suggest that some functions are in conflict of each other in terms of priorities, and the best solution to meet all needs is an agreement between the two sets of priorities? Decentralization and rich functionality, decentralization and scale, these are at odds and in real life these camps are fighting like they can't both have exactly what they want. The reality is we can. You design your network, and lets make an agreement for how to take tokens between the networks. By leaning on each other and having a formal way of depending on each other, we can both benefit. These agreement are what we call the interaction between protocol layers. An example of such an agreement  codified would be things like lightning or side chains.
How is that unreasonable? It's how similar problems in the field have been solved forever and sacrifices no ones priorities. We can have our cake and eat it too. That doesn't mean we wouldn't or couldn't upgrade the base bitcoin blockchain if there was a reason to think it was necessary. It only means there isn't a very good reason to think it is necessary if you follow these common network development conventions at all.
@_date: 2017-09-25 18:30:25
Web wallets are inherently insecure by nature. Why can't we call them insecure? This type of attack wouldn't be possible using proper private key storage and offline transaction signing.
@_date: 2018-03-26 21:09:51
It doesn't matter how long you have been trading, math and probability apply to everyone and these remarks still hold true. I fear for your money on the basis of your sheer stupidity.
@_date: 2018-03-09 14:30:34
It takes some serious mental gymnastics to believe that a market with volume in the billions per day is controlled by one guy who dumped .5 billion over 3 months. It takes even more stupidity to think that the other 1.5 billion dollars this guy has means he controls the market and all future purchases are paying him. The numbers don't add up against the volume, get off that crack rock.
It is amazing the way the tone here changes during a dip. Not only do all the Bitcoin haters come out to play but even the people using Bitcoin are struck suddenly stupid. Did you think last week that the Winklevoss don't control enough Bitcoin to crash the market too?
@_date: 2018-03-06 16:48:43
Sent a strongly worded letter to my bank (BMO) and will be following up with a letter to my MP. I view blocking transactions to competing companies and technologies as entirely unethical. IMO the entire chargeback risk is created by banks themselves through the outrageously slow and limited service the provide cryptocurrency companies like Quadrigacx, and that's when they aren't pressuring them out of business entirely like ntrust or vault of satoshi. Pressure like this causes transaction delays which cause chargebacks. The alleged high risk of chargeback these businesses have is entirely by action the banks have taken to make them high risk.
That a bank can tell me how I am going to spend my money, create discord in an industry then blame that same discord they created as the reason for suspending service entirely is dishonest and disturbing. I am moving all my services to a credit union if this policy isn't immediately reversed.
@_date: 2018-03-27 22:31:43
It's not a strawman, it's an analogy. Your logic is analogous to their logic. You have both committed the same logical flaw of believing that because something isn't a hard science with a literal proof that it isn't supported by evidence, and believing that any whimsical theory is equally as substantiated as standing theories. This is why I keep referring to the null hypotheses. Which you would understand if you went to school.
@_date: 2018-03-27 14:09:53
What you are doing is appealing to the authority of wealth. It is not a good way to come to conclusions. Use your brain.
@_date: 2018-03-17 16:25:43
This description does not instill me with any confidence that this "attacker" knows how lightning works. He has built so much bullshit on top of incorrect premises like reserve requirements for channels and being able to control all the top fee transactions. This attack would forfeit all the attackers funds because the fees for on chain transactions could be as large as the entire channel balance of the attacker that the "victim" could publish and still keep all their money. I.E. kiss everything you've invested into this attack goodbye with zero returns. The victim can use any and all of the attackers channel funds as on chain fees as they are forfeit to the victim when they publish the on chain transaction. This attack is absurd on its face and premised on a total misunderstanding of how channels are closed and how on chain fees work.
@_date: 2017-09-30 20:32:31
Lol, bitcoin will go on regardless of what happens with any of these forks. Why are you pretending its a matter of life and death? We are dedicated, our network is antifragile. A decentralized network will always exist because we are passionate about it. If some moron wants to throw free money at me while they try to manipulate the masses what do I care?
@_date: 2018-02-11 19:56:51
Because the chain is immutable. Introducing mutability for any reason defeats the point. You remove trust from math and place it in people. We already have many excellent mechanisms for trusting people. What is unique about this space is not trusting people but trusting code and nash equilibriums.
From this perspective a group forking to restore their funds after a hack is literally an attack on the chain, and if it passes it's a successful attack. The chain is no longer immutable, it is political. If enough people can be convinced to change the prior chain state then politics is the security model.
@_date: 2016-09-16 22:34:59
Are you joking? I'm not trolling.
I think the issue here is your own naivety. Do you believe a debit or credit card enables instant value transfer?
@_date: 2018-02-11 16:50:42


I'm not saying that. I'm saying you could have spent 2 million in the past and have control of the network when it moves to PoS. Saying that people won't horde coins is absurd, everything we have seen in the crypto community indicates people will horde coins for a period approaching decades. Arguing that no one will buy that much because they don't have foresight is as easily disproved as looking at the horders.
Further arguing that it will become more secure as volatility drops is *completely missing the argument*, it's as secure as it ever was cheap - not as it ever was expensive and stable.
ASIC prices are volatile, but even their price volatility doesn't directly affect the security model. If you could buy for $1 49% of miners today, and tomorrow seeing as how EVERYONE had this opportunity, what do you think is going to happen to the difficulty? It's going to jump an insane amount, everyone is going to be competing with outrageous sums of hashpower, and your 49% has just become 1%. You do not ever have the opportunity to attack because of this price volatility in a PoW system because you will forever be competing against others trying to do the same.
@_date: 2018-02-11 17:46:59
It was actually a list of things, not a causative chain of things. He's a Canadian (everyone can relate to Canadians! We're nice folk!!), he's not a communist, and he's proven himself a generally good guy with a lot of interesting ideas.
Weird how everyone assumes causation on the first two items but dismisses causation on the other items. All non-communists are good guys with great ideas! Language is weird.
@_date: 2018-02-11 17:46:13
I didn't catch that comment, and while the commentator is surely misinformed I don't know if I'd consider that singular example the thread being loaded with bank shills. I've been commenting in this thread manically for a few hours and I've run into ethereum shills and other altcoin advocates I haven't been noticing much bank shilling. Am I missing a big thread in here or something?
@_date: 2017-09-14 17:49:52
If your hypothesis was true absolute no innovation would ever occur in China. Do you believe that is true? I think it's pretty obvious on its face that it isn't true, billion dollar replica market be damned. Hasn't stopped Chinese invention or innovation.
Copyright laws are key to creating a wealth gap, nothing more. Of course inventors would like to patent their things to make as much money as possible, and of course if its an option for them they have pursued it. That doesn't mean that without this incentive in place that they would either make no money, or so little money as to disincentive all entrepreneurial activity. There is pretty clear evidence that even in countries without patent law, or in countries with outrageous taxes, innovation and invention continues strong. 
@_date: 2017-09-19 21:23:04
You replied to my assertion that they are separate entities and thats why it's not fraud with a bad description of fraud. I'm not wrong to again reassert the original statement and that nothing you have said is relevant to the original assertion.
@_date: 2017-10-28 20:13:02
Because manipulating the public opinion is one of the means of attack on bitcoin and it has been frequently proven that such efforts are alive and well here. Account age doesn't indicate it though, a lot of the bought and paid for accounts are older.
@_date: 2018-03-15 14:00:11
Someone selling less than a percent of the daily global volume over 3 months didn't cause the crash, using that as "statistics and evidence" is a gross abuse of statistics. Put the numbers in their larger context. Citing China FUD is equally pointless, you know how many "China FUD" moments there have been in the past 5 years? Half the time markets move with it half the time they move against it, you might as well be flipping a coin. Nothing is as convincing an argument that you have no idea what you are doing as the comment you just made.
@_date: 2017-09-30 19:21:19
Every time they parrot the lie that core is dictated by blockstream just cite the repo statistics. There is no more obvious and concise way to prove they are lying. If they persist cite the btc1 repo statistics and ask them which is controlled by a singular company.
For rbtc this is a matter of politics at this point not logic or coherence.
@_date: 2017-10-26 15:26:09


Uhh, bitcoin is p2p. You don't use any sites. Blocks are found on average every 10 minutes. Really no idea what you are talking about.
@_date: 2017-09-30 19:16:38
I am super excited. Last fork made me money and caused us to break previous resistance levels to new highs as people found themselves some resolve in this scaling debate, I expect this fork to be much the same. Free money in my pocket please.
@_date: 2018-03-27 15:18:55


What evidence? Trading success is not evidence (and you haven't even provided that).


You are genuinely so stupid I'm amazed you are able to get out of bed in the morning without hurting yourself. I have nothing else constructive to say, I'm simply in awe of your ignorance. It's a marvel.
@_date: 2018-03-25 17:29:40
And yet I'm not. You must be presumptuous.
@_date: 2016-09-07 18:45:06
You don't even know who you are talking to because as I said, you're all over this thread. My only claim is that the lady (that's you) doth protest too much. 
You demand evidence for every anecdote you read on the internet with a religious zeal, yet provide your own anecdote with no evidence? You claim to be someone who forms conclusions based on evidence, yet by your own admission there is no evidence what so ever and you continue to parade your opinion as fact anyways just like everyone else here. You are guilty of exactly what you claim to be criticizing others of.
@_date: 2018-02-12 18:48:07
I think the world has plenty of inflationary currencies, and is greatly benefited from a global deflationary currency which can be used to escape local governmental mismanagement. Bitcoin doesn't need to encourage people to spend, saving is part of its function and increases its value when people behave as savers.
@_date: 2018-11-05 23:51:05
What is a good idea is to leverage the bitcoin security model to build in isolated layers to experiment with features like turing completeness. I just hate the fact that Rootstock takes a dedicated 20% of all miner fees.
@_date: 2017-09-12 02:07:36
A protocol is consensus not development.
@_date: 2017-10-12 18:22:40
What do you mean unable to use it? There will always be people wanting to bring money over borders, hide assets, or gamble. I don't need to be doing anything illegal to continue using bitcoin as a store of value, nor do I have to care what the person is going to use it for when I sell it.
@_date: 2017-09-06 20:49:28
Keep pretending you know how much btc or bcc I have or sold, if thats what makes you feel better about your position. Do you know a lot of computer scientists that entered bitcoin in 2013 with only 1 bitcoin? I think you might be projecting a little bit my sad, poor friend.
@_date: 2017-10-15 01:41:51
You just described shorting and why shorters get rekt.
@_date: 2018-03-22 21:38:17


This fungibility is a fundamental part of bitcoin, it's you who doesn't understand. The fact that you are proposing a protocol fork/universal wallet patch to **remove fungibility** should be the only evidence you need that Bitcoin is currently fungible.


The retort was wrapped in the quote accidentally. Do you really need me to explain to you why BTC ATM are not a measure of Bitcoin usage by country or that it doesn't refute trading volume or node statistics?
@_date: 2018-03-26 15:37:25
A hard fork is an incompatible chain split. These can be by accidental coding error, due to philosophical differences(Bcash), or as an intentional network upgrade. These were intentional network upgrades.
@_date: 2017-09-14 18:19:31
You can just google some Chinese inventions?
For one they have completely changed the construction industry, especially related to bridges (The SLJ900/32  by Beijing Wowjoint Machinery), highspeed rail (development of the latest generation of bullet train in an innovations arm race with their peers), and the design/construction of [mega structures]( , some of which are serving more people than even exist in North America.
The challenges the Chinese face are unique to them and require constant innovation in technique and design, even when they are borrowing techniques from other cultures.
Other things modern China has been on the forefront of: Cycling innovations (dockless bike sharing), city planning (entire cities built before a single resident lives there), monolithic lifestyle applications (wechat), innovative payment mechanisms (oyster card), [arms and munitions]( and research and development (of those mega structures several are research related - including the second largest telescope in the world and the  Shanghai Synchrotron Radiation Laboratory). What do you think they are using that telescope for? Watching things Americans are doing so they can copy them? No. Original research.
Like I said, I'm sure I could go on for an entire essays worth. We haven't even covered innovations and techniques that originated in China. The idea that China doesn't invent or innovate anything is again, absurd on its face - even if you can't name a single one of its modern inventions or innovations.
@_date: 2017-09-07 10:24:38
lololol wtf does faith and conspiracy have to do with decentralization, which is all I've talked about? What conversation do you think you are in?
@_date: 2017-10-30 04:07:08
I just wanted to congratulate you on doing everything you can to protect yourself from the currency fluctuations in your country. Stay anonymous and safe friend.
@_date: 2018-02-20 17:04:57
Shhhhh, you'll make the morning lines longer.
@_date: 2018-03-28 03:04:14
Because your story is wrong, scientifically incoherent, and your understanding of math and probability is beyond suspect. You keep saying absurd things and I keep calling you out on them.
@_date: 2017-10-30 14:54:55
We can only guess. The most sites will usually give you is 100x leverage, so at least $400000 and very likely more.
@_date: 2017-10-13 22:57:16
Bitcoin does not depend on retailers acceptance or legality for success. The underground ecomony is huge, if even 10% of online gambling use bitcoin it would need a higher price than current to handle the transactional volume. If even 10% of illegal offshore holdings converted to bitcoin the price would have to be higher. If 10% of drug purchases are made with bitcoin it will mandate a higher price. There will always be a country willing to take advantage of the cash cow and legalize bitcoin exchanges and if there aren't it doesn't matter we can move those underground too. Bitcoin is evolving into a truly unstoppable juggernaut. I have absolutely no long term concerns about a world in which bitcoin becomes illegal. I don't intend to become a criminal but I am not afraid to if my government declares my p2p interactions illegal. I recognize no governments authority over a decentralized p2p network.
@_date: 2017-09-20 22:27:04
Pretty sure this is not even close to the first. I recall hearing about several others claiming to be first years ago.
@_date: 2017-09-22 15:55:54
Propogation is an issue when it leads to incentive, i.e. far before anyone is out of business. Incentive leads to centralization, which is what we have been seeing happen in China. What matters when measuring miner decentralization surely isnt the success of mining businesses but propogation times, orphan rates, and geopolitical influence.
 You are talking about business a lot but decentralization is not the business community, it's a network property. Having only one kind of user with validating nodes is an enormous artificial limitation to decentralization and should never occur. Why have one kind of user acting as a party of trust in a trustless system? It's nonsense.
Everyone who relies on bitcoin must operate a full node or they are trusting someone, which entirely defeats the point of using bitcoin in the first place. If you are willing to trust someone just use a bank.
@_date: 2017-10-29 16:10:05
A blockchain without a decentralized security model is just the world most inefficient database. A blockchain without a token cannot begin to create a decentralized security model. A blockchain controlled by a strict number of parties cannot be decentralized.
All you've got is the worlds shittiest database. We have censorship resistance. It doesn't take a computer scientist to see which of those concepts has value.
@_date: 2018-02-11 14:41:51
This is so wrong. Traditional institutional investment has been very slow to adopt.
To call Bitcoin a continuation of the same old system is grossly ignorant of both active investment in Bitcoin and more importantly how Bitcoin functions and the trust traditional financial institutions imply.
@_date: 2017-10-30 04:10:44
We may go down, long term holders will hold through the bubble pop and ride well on into the next one just as we have all those bubbles before.
@_date: 2018-02-10 22:58:36
Its funny, a couple years ago they all traded inversely. Something about the psychology of all these new investors in the space I suppose.
@_date: 2018-02-20 14:31:17
I 100% agree, Bitcoin must be able to endure attacks - it cannot care or diffirentiate.
However, in discussion about these issues like this one, there seems to be doubt that transactions created to specifically bloat the mempool are being pushed across the network. There is doubt that these transactions are making it to the blockchain. There is doubt at the measure to which this activity if it is occurring at all is impacting fees. These three negative properties are what are giving these transactions the colloquial "spam".
You can argue that this is the way it is supposed to be, the solution to spam is a fee market which forces the spammer to pay for the backend infrastructure securing the network and I think that's brilliant. That's what I believe. But to cast doubt on whether this spam exists and there is evidence of that is very dishonest. It is an attack. One we are hardened against, which won't disrupt service, and will cost the attacker an arm and a leg but it is an attack. Recognising it as an attack is an important matter in at the very least understanding how our decentralized security apparatus functions and how we are significantly more robust than centralized services. They struggle with resource consuming attacks all the time, DDoS remains one of the best ways to disrupt a centralized service.
@_date: 2018-03-09 14:45:12
Some people only see the world through a single lens. It's sad. Can you even imagine how much work it is to paint every single issue you see as about race? To identify yourself and everything around you by color? I don't recall seeing a race based variable in the Bitcoin protocol. The only real argument to be made here is white men in North America have a larger disposable income and are less risk adverse than other populations, and are thus more likely to invest in Bitcoin. Blame wealth inequality not technology you race obsessed dolt.
@_date: 2018-03-25 18:40:41
Don't touch the stuff, thanks for your concern.
@_date: 2018-02-21 13:43:40
No. You don't get to tell me or anyone else how to use Bitcoin. Holding is a completely viable use case, I'll buy more or spend when it suits me. So many use cases preclude spending and replacing like hedging against other markets or using Bitcoin as a savings account. Things that currencies are used for. Just because you and many others are obsessed with the transactional use cases of Bitcoin doesn't mean you should be telling everyone that is how they should use Bitcoin.
I won't ask if I can pay in Bitcoin. It is way more expensive for me to load fiat on to my local exchanges, buy, and withdraw than to pay directly with fiat. I am pretty sure as a payment strategy spend and replace is always going to be one of the most expensive ways possible to pay. I will instead withdraw Bitcoin from my savings when I need money and I will buy more Bitcoin when I have surplus money. That's how savings work, and it is one of many viable uses of Bitcoin that doesn't include spending it on everything possible.
@_date: 2018-02-19 21:16:32
I keep my currency in my savings account. Sometimes I spend from it but often I do not, as I am at a time in my life where I prioritize saving and building for my retirement.
If I use Bitcoin as a savings account for my currency, to isolate me from the factors affecting my local and the global economy - am I a believer?
You have defined bitcoin as **one** use case. That's insane. It is dozens of ever shifting use cases, not the least of which is the worlds most decentralized ledger. Nothing makes the use case you envision special or privileged over the others. Sometimes use cases even go in and out of viability, like we saw with free transaction based services. 
Bitcoin is not a use case, it is  a network. This is why Roger freaked out, he sees *only* a use case in cheap global transactions. All other use cases are irrelevant to him. When bitcoin stopped enabling services like satoshis dice it was the loss of everything he cared about. Learn a lesson from Roger, don't expect Bitcoins use cases to be static and don't define Bitcoin as a use case.
@_date: 2018-02-26 14:51:14
It boggles my mind that so many people have entered the crypto space but continue to rely on and grow centralized middle men businesses. Bitpay and Coinbase and their like do not belong as members of this ecosystem. Why use Bitcoin at all if you are going to rely on companies like these? Not having to rely on them is the whole point.
@_date: 2017-09-20 17:02:40
So implying a coincidence is actually a government plot to overthrow bitcoin is not a conspiracy?
Comments like this unfortunately only reveal your own gullibility.
@_date: 2017-10-16 16:38:32
I've been telling this to people for years now but it's a tough lesson for some to take since its an inconvenience: NEVER LET YOUR UNENCRYPTED PRIVATE KEY TOUCH AN INTERNET CONNECTED DEVICE. SIGN TRANSACTIONS OFFLINE. BE SAFE.
You are your own bank. You need to take the security precautions that you feel would be necessary for a bank to take in your shoes. Good luck out there folks.
@_date: 2018-02-23 14:27:35
This article is rife with conclusions and sparse on details. Is this just a private implementation of the EVM with a simple voting contract on top of it? What secures this EVM? How does the smart contract define identity and what are the risks of fraudulent identities?
Blockchain is not some magic word you apply to things to make them decentralized, hack proof, and fair.
@_date: 2018-03-25 18:25:34
You really love making things up don't you? I'm glad we had this talk. No one should censor you from being stupid, it should be on display.
@_date: 2017-09-22 02:52:15
I don't know that there is, but you're right to think that there should be.
Maybe I'll work up a set of instructions.
@_date: 2017-09-19 17:08:15
You just replied to this 6 times. Have you no shame? There's an edit button you baboon.
Edit: You are responsible for 33 of the 64 comments on this post currently. Slow Tuesday? Those bots must have really upset you. Poor guy.
@_date: 2017-10-12 15:09:18
@_date: 2018-02-04 04:14:39
You and I do not think about Bitcoin the same.
The price isn't bitcoin. People can speculate that it will be worth $0 or $1 million, doesn't change the protocol. Bitcoin is the protocol, and the protocol has value.
What Bitcoin has currently accomplished? Individual financial sovereignty. A pretty big thing if you ask me, and the foundation for any number of things to come.
The idea that bitcoin has to resonate with an audience or the price is manipulated by speculators - who cares? Any audience of any size stipulating a bitcoin of any price won't ever take away the freedoms bitcoin has given us. People can use it for any use case they can manage, including speculation, and it doesn't harm me or the protocol any.
Bitcoin has already achieved something amazing. It's the worlds most expensive to attack and first decentralized network. Waiting for it to do something more amazing than it has already been doing is not paying attention. It is liberating people and creating a foundation for further innovation and liberation. What more could you ask?
You believe Bitcoin needs to be backed by faith. It doesn't. It needs to be backed by use cases and demand. There is an ever present demand for a currency and store of value that exists outside national borders, which cannot be shut down or censored. So long as Bitcoin accomplishes decentralization, which it has proven time and again it does very well, it has use cases and it thus has value.
@_date: 2018-02-27 16:55:34
What you are saying is impossible, so either you broke bitcoin in an impossible way or you are having wallet issues. The fact you tried to load into another wallet and got a zero balance says to me you did not properly load your backup or sync the blockchain.
@_date: 2017-10-02 19:35:39
This is the best part: if I'm wrong we activate our last ditch option and PoW fork. Decentralization can't die while we still live. It's beautiful how antifragile our network is.
@_date: 2018-02-20 17:30:35
I see it as a digital gold rush. There is value to decentralization, we have a unit of account for use of the worlds most decentralized ledger, and there is scarce supply of that unit. People buying either are using it for a function, expect to use it for a function in the future, or expect someone will have use for it in the future they can sell it to.
@_date: 2017-09-16 16:42:54
Bitcoin does not live or die with any single use case except decentralization. Thinking holders hurt bitcoin or that transactional volume defines bitcoins value is incredibly naive.
@_date: 2017-10-31 16:02:52
I can't imagine the tax burden on selling 5 million worth of anything is negligible. I think when you get to that point you're still better off just holding and spending slowly instead of a cash out.
@_date: 2017-10-02 19:13:52
Pretty sure the fork isn't expected for 40 some days, not sure how you'll be able to evaluate this prediction in two weeks.
@_date: 2018-07-03 19:34:08


Is that what's important? I don't think it is. The only reason I can see someone would think that is important is because they desperately want the price to rise.


I think we're going to have to, because I do believe it is absolutely necessary for users to not engage in Bitcoin through a trusted centralized intermediary. I don't consider any Coinbase holding users Bitcoin users, it sounds like you do strictly because somewhere down the line someone is using Bitcoin even if it's not the  user or a trustless intermediary.
Thanks for the conversation about a difficult topic to discuss.
@_date: 2019-09-30 16:07:42
You couldn't be more top to bottom wrong. When you get your talking points from the bcash community you end up looking broadly ignorant. Please stop making constant posts full of misinformation and bcash talking points lest you earn a kick.


No measurable progress except released BIPs and example code and a flurry of git and meeting activity. Whether end users choose to engage in that progress is entirely up to them.


The blocksize is already ~1.5mb. You're advocating for a change that already happened.


Only if you have completely violated your own basic security practices including keeping a node online, having a watchtower, and are using poon dryja channels and not eltoo channels. Your point might as well be "if you lose your keys you lose your money."


This is a blatant lie. Not only are watchtower entirely altruistic at the moment and not necessary if you choose to maintain a high reliability node, but even when they do charge fees it is small and almost always paid out of the attackers balance which you get to claim as forfeit in a poon dryja.


Another blatant lie. This is not how routing hubs function, they are trustless.


Of course rebalance require an on chain transaction, why shouldn't they? Lightning is the effective batching of on chain transactions not the removal of onchain transactions entirely. This is a solved problem, check out submarine swaps and lightning loop.


Finally something remotely true. It's a trade off just like it is on the base network. Hot wallets have a different capacity than cold wallets.


The amount limitations are all client side and solely there to protect people who want to experiment with low risk. If you please (and many do) you can open channels or make transactions of whatever size you please.


Use this same logic to never use any financial software product again if you believe it. BCH, BTC, your banks website. All apply. Software has bugs and the recent LN one was absolutely no joke. The issue was one of nodes verifying chain state. You'll find that any software project that fails to verify state before acting on it is going to lead to a poor time.


Bcash just got double spent.
Again, take my warning to heart. Keep shilling bcash and bcash talking points and you're going to have a bad time and I think you not only know it, but are waiting for it so you get to parade it around the bcash sub when it happens.
@_date: 2018-03-17 16:31:06
What people are willing to pay for it. Simple supply and demand says that so long as there is demand that exceeds supply price will go up. When all coins have been mined then supply will only ever go down from things like lost bitcoin. No one can tell you what demand will be at a given moment in the future. All they can tell you is that there will be 21 million BTC or less to be shared for all use cases.
@_date: 2017-10-30 04:26:38
Someone put up some amount of collateral to borrow $40 million dollars worth of BTC, and sold it with intentions to buy back the borrowed amount later at a lower price - making the money on the price difference. Then the price rose. Once the price rose enough that the borrower could not pay back their debt in borrowed BTC with the money they got from selling and their collateral, they were literally forced to buy back the bitcoin they borrowed at a higher price using the money they got from selling the borrowed bitcoins + their collateral, and were left with nothing. In short (hah, a pun), they gambled and lost. We call gambles which borrow something and sell it a short. Borrowing to buy is a long.
TL:DR; Someone gambled with a borrowed 40 million dollars and got rekt.
@_date: 2018-03-18 14:13:59
They kind of are mutually exclusive. In order for Bitcoin to be functional either transactionally, say for online gambling, or as a store of value and hedge to traditional investment then Bitcoin needs an inherent market capitalization that is equal or greater than the wealth being transferred or stored. Since supply can't move and demand will, that leaves nothing but the price to react. It is literally impossible for Bitcoin to be used for these things and not be a significant value. At $10 bitcoins there aren't enough bitcoins in the world to represent even 0.1% of online gambling transactions, let alone any other use case. If Bitcoin is a success (i.e. being used) it has to increase in value to function. Success and a double digit price are mutually exclusive.
@_date: 2017-10-30 05:39:47
Blockstream funded developers compose a minority of commits in pretty much every time frame. They objectively do not control bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-02 19:22:48
How can they hurt bitcoin? Difficulty adjustments will happen and big blockers have in large already left for bch. Seems pretty clear the 2x fork is in competition with bch more than segwit chain, appeals to the same users. So long as users of both 2x and segwit chain are careful about replay protection I'm not sure how you figure the 2x fork can hurt bitcoin more than the bch fork did, or even benefit bch when they are competing for the same userbase.
@_date: 2017-10-21 16:00:19
It always looks like this in any bull market. Using it as an indicator you would have sold at $1000.
@_date: 2018-02-11 17:41:44
I'm a communist with a Canadian passport, Vitalik is still not  a communist. Nothing he has done, nothing about the projects he is involved in, none of his public statements support the idea he is a communist, marxist, or egalitarian.
@_date: 2017-10-09 15:17:24
That kind of attitude is a poison pill to any further cooperation. The reasons he's changing this system is because of how it affects btc, not s2x. You should be ashamed of yourself, your momma taught you better.
@_date: 2018-03-14 17:40:19
Enjoy playing that game, but don't pretend that there isn't a fair risk of selling the bottom or buying the top. Long term holders know this and stopped gambling with their coins years ago.
@_date: 2017-09-06 17:19:19
Saying over and over "you sound like a cultist" when your failures of logic are explicitly pointed out doesn't make you any more correct. You aren't being critical of any argument I've made. You aren't even defending your arguments of the criticisms I've made. Maybe you simply don't have the tools to form a coherent criticism. Relying, again, on the argument that transactions equate to users equate to value is fundamentally flawed for the reasons I outline above.
One of us is having a conversation, the other is regurgitating buttcoin bullshit. Who is in the cult again? I think I've demonstrated it isn't me.
@_date: 2018-03-15 14:29:59
Why are the mods here so oblivious to the role they actively play in both instigating and perpetuating this conflict? Less a review of the moderation here and more of a camp newsletter.
@_date: 2018-03-28 13:46:23
You are proposing a wild theory, it's not me who needs to come up with evidence it is wrong (though I have in the form of an observation that gravity is very non uniform across the globe). Do you need to to write that out on medium and link you to it for you to read it?
@_date: 2018-03-12 18:30:11
You come up with designs and ideas, not manufactured products. Not misleading at all. No one comes up with a fully manufactured product, things have to be conceptualized first.
@_date: 2018-03-20 00:17:21
If you were rich as fuck, and all indications were that the status quo goes against everything you know about good business - high fees and reduced usability and a poor user experience - you would try to change it too even if it made you rich. Roger is a fine businessman who knows absolutely nothing about blockchains or open source development, and acts accordingly. I understand his opinion, but he is wrong about every single technical aspect he has publicly commented on, and worse than that has developed a horrible victim complex which has warped into general conspiracy and slander slinging. That's where you come in. You are now slinging his conspiracies and appealing to his authority and wealth as a measure of his correctness.
@_date: 2018-07-11 21:16:16
Oh poor summer child, you don't know the winters a multi year bear market can bring.
Enjoy it while it lasts little one. Buy what you can with each months pay and pray that it lasts until next months. Whether this is the bottom or not, winter doesn't last forever.
@_date: 2017-09-18 17:49:38
You make fees on transactions included in blocks. As bitcoin matures the net total of fee value made from mining grows. Fees currently supplement the coinbase reward but already the fees are often worth more than the coinbase.
@_date: 2017-10-09 17:47:09
And that seems like a mature and level headed look at the situation? We aren't mortal enemies with large blockers we are people with a different idea of what matters in a protocol and open source development.  Christ, rhetoric in this sub has become almost as bad as rbtc in terms of ideological bullshit.
@_date: 2017-09-20 00:58:39


Yeah I read just fine. Quit arguing semantics.
@_date: 2017-10-16 05:55:14
Those were some tough years. Most of these bitcoiners don't know how good they've had it, their hodl hasn't ever been tested and hopefully it won't ever have to be.
@_date: 2017-10-01 18:33:20
When has Core ever actively promoted censorship? Theymos != Core. You sound like a politician regurgitating talking points.
@_date: 2018-02-20 19:27:03
We'll hold off on the asbestos based tom-foolery for now, but you've been warned.
@_date: 2018-02-25 23:42:22
I don't agree that running a different algorithm equates to an inherently more secure and decentralized network. Doing so would be throwing away the enormous cost to 51% attack sha256 bitcoin. Even now with a fair argument to be made 51% of miners are controlled by the same parties the systems incentives keep them in line, as you so eloquently demonstrated in August. Miners are not the beginning and end of our security apparatus.
We should wait years if necessary for mining manufacturing to become more distributed, relying on the security capacity of nodes to keep miners in line. One of those functions should certainly be to change PoW if necessary, but I find it very difficult to argue that now is when it is necessary, that now it will result in a more secure and decentralized network.
@_date: 2017-09-14 18:19:31
You can just google some Chinese inventions?
For one they have completely changed the construction industry, especially related to bridges (The SLJ900/32  by Beijing Wowjoint Machinery), highspeed rail (development of the latest generation of bullet train in an innovations arm race with their peers), and the design/construction of [mega structures]( , some of which are serving more people than even exist in North America.
The challenges the Chinese face are unique to them and require constant innovation in technique and design, even when they are borrowing techniques from other cultures.
Other things modern China has been on the forefront of: Cycling innovations (dockless bike sharing), city planning (entire cities built before a single resident lives there), monolithic lifestyle applications (wechat), innovative payment mechanisms (oyster card), [arms and munitions]( and research and development (of those mega structures several are research related - including the second largest telescope in the world and the  Shanghai Synchrotron Radiation Laboratory). What do you think they are using that telescope for? Watching things Americans are doing so they can copy them? No. Original research.
Like I said, I'm sure I could go on for an entire essays worth. We haven't even covered innovations and techniques that originated in China. The idea that China doesn't invent or innovate anything is again, absurd on its face - even if you can't name a single one of its modern inventions or innovations.
@_date: 2017-09-19 20:51:16
Appealing to your unstated authority does not make the customers, employees, and managers of JP Morgan a singular financial entity.
@_date: 2018-07-02 18:33:08


Is that what you think being your own bank is? I assure you it isn't, unless you like being robbed. What kind of bank or person would secure millions in bitcoin like that? You really haven't thought about how to secure a private key beyond a paper wallet under your mattress. You split up keys, keep them in separate encrypted locations that are not easily accessible. You encrypt them and you hide them. Maybe one fraction of your security is under your mattress, but if someone comes guns blazing into my home I can't give them any more than my spending cash. I physically cannot.


The vast majority of "Bitcoin" users not using Bitcoin and giving a company with a proven history of attempting to control the protocol further leverage. It risks destroying the only thing of value in this space.
@_date: 2017-10-09 18:35:23
Making a version of bitcoin which doesn't have the priorities you or I have is not the destruction of our decentralization, it's the destruction of theirs. Again, not mortal enemies. Even actions allegedly designed to hurt bitcoin like EDA are meaningful parts of the miner incentive model which holds bitcoin together. The network must be (and is) resilient to bribery based attacks. A bad decision that ruined bitcoin cash in a vain attempt to attack bitcoin, not the destruction of bitcoin. We're anti-fragile and if we aren't we need to be shown where. Get a clue.
@_date: 2017-10-09 15:34:10
I'm aware, and it's in the github notes as well as part of the reason. In that same github comment look at the first two listed reasons:




You can't tell me that isn't to the benefit of all users on all chains.
@_date: 2017-10-29 22:25:34
Pretty sure if you asked a year ago a 10x increase in price is exactly what everyone was having fantasies about.
Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy?
@_date: 2017-09-07 18:28:33
Hahaha keep trying. I love the government. I'm a commie. I'm a computer scientist, if you read anything I wrote you would get that. How many completely different and equally inaccurate assumptions have you made about me st this point? You are making such an ass of yourself and it is beautiful.
@_date: 2018-07-17 00:55:07
I love how you've spent an entire day spasming and being wrong, and your hope is that no one will read deep enough to notice.
One more spasm tho k?
@_date: 2018-02-21 23:09:49
You jest but it is. You won't get any further preaching bitcoin in every instance you spend money than you would preaching politics in every instance you navigate a law. Cross the street? Damn government won't let me jay walk wherever I want, filthy communists. Pay for a soda? Take bitcoin, you should because it's great and it's going to take over the world soon!
Evangelizing every time a common occurrence like spending money occurs is a great way to have your passion turn into an annoyance.
@_date: 2018-02-21 18:54:18
Want to know one of the uses of currency? Store of value.
@_date: 2018-07-17 14:21:23
Yeah but did you ever consider that maybe you have another spasm in you?
@_date: 2018-07-11 23:22:44
That makes your evidence on par with other scams and I will be sure to guide people away from you until you have successfully delivered several large batches of miners.
@_date: 2017-09-14 17:55:56
Uh what? How did you misread that? I literally said "billion dollar replica market be damned".


Do you?
@_date: 2018-07-16 22:12:22


I already quoted the existing maintainers who talk about how wrong you are, and directed you to the actual source sweetie. Maybe you should just accept the facts that the whitepaper description of consensus isn't accurate?
Spasm for me babe.
@_date: 2018-07-17 02:27:03
As I described earlier, it is an appropriate word as a spasm is involuntary - much as you repeatedly demonstrate your action to be. You are compelled to spasm.
So spasm!
@_date: 2018-07-02 16:19:52
Fuck custodial exchanges. Fuck coinbase. All my support to the hackers attacking these businesses and bankrupting their stupid customers.
@_date: 2018-07-27 15:35:17
COINBASE ET AL, IT IS NOT YOUR PLACE AS LARGE BITCOIN COMPANIES TO GUIDE PROTOCOL DEVELOPMENT AND WE WILL REJECT ANYTHING YOU PROPOSE ON SPEC. 
These pricks learned nothing from the NYA and are just gearing up to do it again with a larger and less engaged population
@_date: 2019-09-02 18:24:47
A little late to the party but just wanted to thank u/rustyreddit and the others involved in reporting and patching these issues. The broader bitcoin community really appreciates your work.
@_date: 2017-10-29 21:57:18
Bitcoin is about being in control of your own money. If you aren't sure which is the real bitcoin don't buy. If you aren't prepared to control and be responsible for your own money don't buy. This isn't a get rich quick scheme and many people trying to use it as such have bankrupt themselves.
This is the wild west of money. You'll never really know for sure what the market will do, even a person in the space for half a decade like myself with a clear technological understanding for why I dislike bitcoin cash versus bitcoin can't tell you the crowd won't be manipulated into choosing one over the other. **Do not invest more than you are willing to lose**.
Just because a technology is better than another (as I believe bitcoin is superior to bitcoin cash) doesn't mean it will be adopted. History is littered with examples of superior technologies falling to inferior ones. We all here are **lucky**, not savants, and anyone asserting otherwise is victim of survivorship bias.
@_date: 2017-10-12 20:43:59
First, I can never imagine a situation in which no country on earth allows the legal exchange. If it ever came to that, I'd exchange illegally. I don't recognize any governments authority over p2p protocols, that's exactly the point. Censorship resistance.
@_date: 2018-07-15 19:56:34
Could go on for years, if we're lucky. I don't have enough BTC yet.
@_date: 2017-09-28 07:08:06
Is he asserting that bitcoin protocol development has stagnated or that bitcoin growth has stagnated over the last 3 years? While its true this scaling debate has raged, both growth and development have been anything but stagnant. If his argument is that we need 2mb blocks because we will stagnate otherwise I believe there is concise proof to the contrary in the developments of the last 3 years.
I would support a hard fork if anybody gave me a reason to do one. It should be clear that demand for scale isn't a valid reason with current growth options in segwit and current mempool congestion. Neither is the reason "I promised" a good reason. The idea we should compromise any minor degree of decentralization for an unneeded feature seems insane to me.
@_date: 2018-03-26 20:10:19
The risk reward ratio isn't 1:1. You can make an equal number of buys and sells - but what happens if on one of those sells the asset jumps 50% on big news? What if on one of those buys it does the same? The buys and sells will be balanced but the asset performance won't be - which is exactly what you would find yourself if you tried testing your theory on tradingview or in real life. The result is you might make money, you might lose money, you might break even. No one could tell you. An even distribution of buys and sells doesn't equate to breaking even in asset performance.
@_date: 2018-03-26 18:01:37
So you're so defensive of an idea that you won't even entertain a criticism with a rebuke? Maybe proposing changes to an open source protocol isn't for you.
@_date: 2019-09-20 04:45:51
I don't like the idea of repurposing already widely used symbols.
@_date: 2019-09-24 21:01:27
No, he can't work for BitPay. He's a small business owner who has a truly unique workflow requiring the use of Bitcoin Core's GUI and BIP70 features. Except he hasn't implemented it yet, but he was going to and now he's forced to use an altcoin because the "Coreans" are making him compile and he can't compile or have anyone compile for him. And also he's been here since 2013 so how dare you accuse him of any dishonesty what-so-ever.
The nerve.
Edit: The best part is the 15 years software experience claimed and the insistence in his post here that he can't possibly compile Core himself. Someone please make sure this entire post gets archived because it's just too good.
@_date: 2018-07-17 17:28:21
If you think I haven't you are out of your mind. Like 20 hours ago I started telling people to come check out my autist trap where the rules are: Always end an otherwise appropriate comment with a spasm reference and leave your posts scores at 0. I am going to have you trapped here until you qualify for the seniors discount at your local brunch of choice. Your ego just won't let you leave even though I explained exactly what I am doing and how I expect you to react. You cannot stop validating me.
So since you can't leave, you should spasm for me.
@_date: 2017-10-30 04:51:34
Altcoins don't value decentralization the way bitcoin does. It is the first truly decentralized network on the planet and currently by far the most decentralized. It also has the strongest economic security model.
Frankly nothing compares for the job Bitcoin does. Some altcoins do some interesting stuff, like Ethereum, but not decentralization. Decentralization == censorship resistance and it's a very unique and valuable property.
@_date: 2018-07-03 18:14:55
There is going to be a revolution in the way custodial exchanges operate. Proof of reserves, withdraws enabled even when the company is bankrupt and defunct, assured state of funds, and user defined balances between custodianship and self control. They could be doing all of this now, they choose not to because it's more profitable to be holding everyones money in a trusting capacity. It doesn't need to be like that, and in a few decades it never will be again.
Todays custodial exchanges must die off to make way for less trusting custodial solutions.
@_date: 2018-07-01 20:23:22
Such a good read for the uninitiated. If more people read this we would have fewer junk altcoin and better services built on top of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-09-24 18:06:58
I've been using Bitcoin since 2012. Bitcoin is Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-07-16 03:26:38
Look at the GitHub repo and check the number of forks listed. It is thousands. Almost every altcoin is a fork of Bitcoin. Like I said Litecoin was one of if not the first.
@_date: 2018-07-17 03:56:40
Such a good spasm, I LOVE how deep this continues to go. I keep thinking I've found the bottom of the well that is your insecurity, your desperation, your rage - but it might truly be bottomless!
Tell me, how deep is that hole?
S P * S M
@_date: 2018-07-16 06:12:04
You can explain it all you want, you should read the text you keep quoting. It is a protocol. A protocol is a standard for organizing information and coordinating tasks. It is accomplished with software in the scope of network protocols. Almost all cryptocurrency protocols are forks of Bitcoin. Those are the absolute facts and they are indisputable. 
No one has been talking about "blockchain" until you introduced the word to the conversation. The title and every comment says Bitcoin not blockchain. Bitcoin forks have been a thing for long before Bitcoin blockchain forks have been.
No one is lacking an understanding except your lack of semantic comprehension. BCH was also not even close to the first intentional blockchain fork. Clams came years before it among others.
This is a fucking stupid conversation. You are wrong across the board 
@_date: 2018-02-11 15:01:43
Bitcoin has smart contracts too you know. The point we are making is that rushing Turing complete contracts into production is very dangerous and there is a litany of evidence to that point in Ethereum. The safer and more sustainable way to build Ethereum like features is in segregated layers where the chain data is more scalable and doesn't affect the underlying chains decentralization or function.
The fact that an 11% owner is an unacceptable security risk in a ecosystem with such a huge premine really describes all the problems with PoS coin. Saying it's a PoS we have to fork to stop this person from owning so much eth is an absurd security foundation on which to build a coin. It includes centrally directed control and insanely low limits of attack.
Considering we are ourselves using solidity and the EVM on top of Bitcoin using rootstock I don't think it's a very fair place to direct criticism. Ethereums issues aren't with solidity.
@_date: 2018-02-22 01:38:21
If you don't understand why someone who brings up the same thing at every instance of a common interaction, like paying for something, is obnoxiously annoying I can't help you. Is there truly no one in your life so passionate about a subject that they will use any occasion to push their belief? That's what you're equivalently doing.
@_date: 2018-07-28 14:48:29
My b.
(Also,you do know this post was removed shortly after this conversation started 2 days ago on the grounds I cited - right?)
@_date: 2019-09-03 16:32:47
Based on your other answers, is it fair to say this book is something the bitcoin enthusiast is more likely to buy for their friends or family than themselves?
You say this book focuses on "why bitcoin". With the enormously diverse people and reasons for being in this space, what kind of reasons do you focus on? I don't really want to gift someone "Libertarianism For Dummies", in part because I don't consider myself or my reasons for being in bitcoin particularly libertarian.
@_date: 2018-07-13 03:02:04
Prove it. Size of batches, what companies printed the chips for you, the dates of the prints. Send examples to Bitcoin press. Until I can testify to the volume you are producing and the quality of your product you are a mirage to me
@_date: 2018-02-12 14:24:59
People are a very poor judge of the technical properties of the protocols they use. Evidence from the Ethereum fork indicates people largely do not care about the immutability of the blockchains they use. If in the long term this fields success relied on end users accurately predicting valuable protocol properties then it would be doomed to fail. Most people are not network engineers, are not computer scientists, are not cryptographers. People on average, even those involved in this space, have very poor understanding of the future we are building through Bitcoin. I strongly disagree that the most popular blockchain is inherently the most usable blockchain. It may have the most use but in practice it may be nothing more than a centralized computing process masquerading as a decentralized one. Centralized processes are very usable and have an enormous demand, but that doesn't make for a well designed blockchain.
People can jump on any bandwagon they want. They can gamble, they can lose and make fortunes. It doesn't really matter. Decentralization is not a business model. It does not live and die with short term adoption figures or the success of its central foundation. So long as Bitcoin has decentralization we have nothing to worry about. Whether the average person recognizes the value of that decentralization or not, its value of a censorship resistant network and transfer of value will exist and be utilized by those who do. Nothing will be able to take that away from us.
@_date: 2018-03-14 14:10:47
There have already been occasions where the fees exceed the coinbase. If it's already happening now it will surely be happening when the coinbase reduces further.
@_date: 2018-07-04 16:24:51
You can use other assets than Bitcoin in the exact same way though, especially if they are digital. You're not thinking broad enough. You're not wrong about the limitation of one specific use case other than to ignore its improvement over existing solutions.
This conversation is surreal, it's like you thought liquid was an oracle destroying solution and are now choked up to learn it in no way changes the current concept of oracles. It's not a tool that revolutionizes oracles and I'm not sure where you got it in your head that it should be.
@_date: 2018-02-10 18:37:07
Using bittorrent to transport blocks isn't a solution to the size of those files on disk or the time to download and verify them. It doesn't affect any of the resource usage factors which are growing endlessly as a function of time.
@_date: 2018-07-18 00:37:47
It is ridiculous that  well founded concerns - concerns echoed by effectively everyone commenting except those who would be spending this money - were dismissed on the ground that not enough people supported them.
Never been a fan of Theymos or Cobra, don't plan to start anytime soon. Your good intentions keep hurting the community.
@_date: 2018-07-29 23:56:21
Why are so many people in this thread suggesting Coinbase? Name one advantage it has over any other exchange in the US.
@_date: 2018-07-16 19:41:56
Your sources contradicted you spasm man =(
The only thing differentiating any of these hardforks is whether they are still mined or not, and that doesn't make them not hardforks and it absolutely doesn't make those hardforks "forks"
You're using a word that applies very broadly to mean a definition of super narrow scope that you have made up entirely on your own.
So spasm again, mr spasm man. Spasm a post tonight. We're all in the mood for another inept rebuttal because you've got us laughing alright.
@_date: 2018-07-11 01:20:49
Watched this on a lark and was very pleased. Thanks for this sticky.
@_date: 2018-07-17 02:43:04


Lol I'm observing it in real time.






Bhahahaha yes, common sense. If that won't do you the average length of 0 score threads on reddit should be significantly less than this threads length. The [data is open]( if you want to find your citation either proving me wrong or right it's freely available.
So... another spasm please?
@_date: 2019-09-05 15:32:05
I guess I should have removed this post as off topic. It clearly has nothing to do with bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-09 19:00:01
I agree but if they doom their own fork thats their business. It may hurt us re miner incentives but that is literally how bitcoin is supposed to work. Look at bitcoin cash. It killed itself with EDA in a vain attack on miner incentives.
The issue I have is the ideological us vs them fight to the death rhetoric. Its a fork in an open aource project people not aarmageddon.
@_date: 2018-07-04 04:50:30
This makes me want to go to a Bitcoin conference. I'd love to buy that guy a beer.
@_date: 2019-09-12 03:36:28
I apparently do know something you don't know: that neither market capture nor transaction counts have anything to do with technical developments.
When was the last time you read the IRC notes, the git issues, even the core release notes, read a BIP - ANYTHING - in the last 4 years? Right this second there is an optech newsletter stickied to this sub. The total disengagement required to think nothing is happening in development is a willful ignorance.
@_date: 2018-07-17 20:17:41
This is gorgeous. I have never been more tempted to buy a painting in my life.
@_date: 2018-07-16 02:14:32
You can't say "just facts." then tell a blatant lie. That's ridiculous. Litecoin was one of the first forks, Bcash came so many years after thousand of forked projects.
@_date: 2018-07-03 18:20:25
Like I said, it could be now. The only thing standing in the way is corporate will. I've been personally hounding my CEO to transition to this model I describe for over a year - it's the same model Hal Finney was describing so long ago. Bitcoin as a layer of trust. Could be a beautiful thing if short term shareholder interest could be forgotten for half a second. The truth is no company holding millions of your dollars will give that up regardless of whether or not it's in your best interests or reduces customer risk.
@_date: 2018-07-03 19:04:52
Bitcoin public perception is already enduring drug and murder association, organized crime in general, and terrorist association - regardless of how invalid any of these statements are they exist within the public conscious. Let alone the fact that all scam ICO's are somehow Bitcoins fault along with graphic card prices.
The public perception of Bitcoin does need to change - it needs to be well understood that not your keys means not your coins. All that other misconstrued negative stuff, I don't really care.  Someone who thinks Bitcoin is a scam doesn't hurt themselves or anyone else the way users supporting these custodial exchanges are.
@_date: 2018-07-03 14:52:58
It is when the custodial services are campaigning to make changes on the base layer. How out of the loop are you on this?
@_date: 2018-07-18 19:32:01
3 . The majority of noobs have no interest in either using Bitcoin or securing their own keys, they think this is a get rich quick scheme. Many can't even use their phones without their childrens help let alone secure a device.
@_date: 2018-07-16 16:01:17
Schnorr is going to change the way we build layers and apps on top of BTC much like segwit did. Have I mentioned in the last 10 minutes how interesting some of the stuff it makes possible like adaptor sigs are?
@_date: 2018-07-06 18:04:32
Building in protocol layers is an industry standard solution to problems of that set. The only people who have a problem with layers are people we don't know anything about computer science or engineering.
@_date: 2018-07-03 03:08:52
If you are keeping a hot wallet without engaging in enterprise level security you have no one to blame but yourself.  Custodial exchanges are the antithesis of Bitcoin, which is the only asset you can uniquely control and transfer globally without a custodian.
I hope they do get hacked, all of them. Maybe then users will learn a lesson. Don't let it cost you too many thousands its an expensive lesson to learn.
@_date: 2015-04-17 00:15:29
The issue in this case was the merchant had no idea how to get support, and my attempts to get support were rebuffed. Merchants need more hand holding is I think the lesson at the end of the day. This merchant commented when they did refund it that they had no idea this expiry happened and even with some investigation it was not at all obvious what had occurred from their perspective.
@_date: 2018-07-27 17:06:34
Any time someone wants to organize either the majority of BTC companies or Miners towards something that isn't a well reviewed BIP it is the biggest red flag. These companies shouldn't be cooperating at a strategic level at all.
@_date: 2018-07-30 01:40:12
As a community we engage in defensive patenting.
@_date: 2018-07-09 19:01:37
I wish at least the Bitcoin specific media could get their descriptions right. This article makes it sound like Bitcoin doesn't have smart contracts and does a very poor job of explaining oracles.
How can we expect cnbc to get their shit right when crypto specific news sites can't?
@_date: 2018-07-17 17:31:38
Not all but the majority and currently. Takes less time than texting my other peers, you are just one more conversation I am having.
@_date: 2017-09-19 16:49:20
What kind of stupid crusade is this? The bots are trying to maximize their profit and are providing liquidity to  exchanges. If you are following some voodoo TA and you get tricked that's your fault. I applaud these bots and I mock you and this campaign to shut them down.
@_date: 2018-07-05 01:57:09
I rebuked you thoroughly over many posts, you have a gross misunderstanding of what liquid accomplishes. All that's left to do is mock and pity you.
@_date: 2018-07-10 20:12:29
Even some BCH devs get this.


@_date: 2018-07-27 00:52:58
And it doesn't. That assertion stands. A half sentence comparison to a market cap is nothing to do with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-07-15 20:33:28
Yep got paid today. Being your own bank is the best.
Edit: Wait so why are you telling people it's really bad and acting as though things look more pessimistic than they do?
@_date: 2018-07-16 21:41:40
If you genuinely feel that way you need to buy BCH as it most closely follows the white paper. BTC does not follow the white paper in anything but spirit - we've made advances to consensus, address format, nearly everything to where the white paper is no longer an accurate description of how Bitcoin function - including the many mistakes you keep making about chain length consensus. 
Sorry to be the one to break the bad news kiddo, Bitcoin isn't what you thought it was clearly. It is not the chain with the greatest length but the chain with the most accumulative PoW.
Spasm tho?
@_date: 2017-10-09 15:39:38
Losing BTC doesn't affect BTC?
@_date: 2018-07-16 21:32:24
"as defined by the whitepaper" is your problem, you don't get the whitepaper refers to a decades old implementation that doesn't exist anymore, it was upgraded. 
Sorry champ, the BTC white paper isn't an owners guide it's a historical novelty.
But I'll take another spasm.
@_date: 2018-07-12 19:51:11
In my personal and business life I continually find was to reduce trust by using Bitcoin. That you can't speaks to your lack of imagination.
Just last week in fact we came upon a situation where a client wanted a less trusting solution for dealing with charge back reserve requirements for merchants, so we created a 2 of 3 multisig as escrow between us and a lawyer. We have plans to take the lawyer out of the equation and just make it trustless.
I am not claiming I use Bitcoin on a regular basis as a vehicle of trust, I do use Bitcoin on a regular basis as a vehicle of trust. Increasingly so for the past 5 years. Not only is all of this possible but it is actively being done.
@_date: 2019-09-27 02:04:55
If there is pay I would really like to be forwarded the relevant paperwork. Until then, the sub remains volunteer moderated by uncompensated individuals of varying opinion which is more than I can say for most crypto subs.
I'm also unsure I'd call the older users hanging around here "moon boys", those are typically the people who haven't seen multiple 90%+ drops.
@_date: 2018-07-21 01:38:57
Not really, I just want you to be aware you clearly have some issues and should talk to someone about it.
@_date: 2018-07-13 17:11:22




Name one that has any of the benefits I've listed. Transparency, cannot be seized, cannot be misused. Even if the Exchange fails on those grounds you still have the Bitcoin.


A cash and carry arb cannot go against you because it is a 1:1 hedge, you total fucking moron. It's not gambling, it's arbitrage.


If you knew anything about Bitcoin or financial markets there would be something to talk about.
All I hear are the tears of delusion justifying to yourself why you aren't a successful BTC entrepreneur or investor yet.
@_date: 2018-07-19 12:44:43
I read every response and the vast majority were NAK with unaddressed significant concerns.  did a good job citing his peers with concerns and was dismissed. The few ACKs were from the people who are spending this money.
@_date: 2019-09-09 18:28:46
Holding is genuinely fantastic long term advice, it's effectively a binary bet on "will bitcoin be successful". It's also the only way to realize the function of bitcoin, which a great many of us are here for instead of the price.
Framing everything like it's an investment vehicle alone instead of a utility laden protocol may lead "hold" to seem like scammy advice, but bitcoin is not strictly an investment vehicle. That might be what some use it for, but for me that's just an added bonus to my savings account.
@_date: 2019-09-04 18:12:09
Living in a bit of a vacuum don't you think? There is more to the political spectrum than the very limited US represented dichotomy and definitions.
It's kind of interesting though how having so few options and such a dichotomy shapes Americans thoughts about politics.
@_date: 2018-07-24 21:50:22
Because as you may note, I post quite a lot. Many of us do. Each post cannot be a full summary from start to finish of the egregious faults of coinbase. Many are. If you want other exchanges look them up, do your own diligence. It doesn't take some random Redditor to tell you one is bad do some research. This is the wild west, I call you stupid because you would rather listen to an ad you saw on TV or some random Redditor than do the one thing this space requires: trust no one, verify yourself.
Me telling you to use another exchange does you no good when tomorrow that exchange decides to limit withdrawals or sign a document like the NYA. You need to learn to do this stuff and evaluate it yourself.
A better question is why are you using coinbase? What made you think it was a good idea? An advertisement? Yeah. Stupid.
@_date: 2018-07-24 14:57:22
I will never understand why so many people use Coinbase. They aren't easier, they aren't more secure, there is no upside. People eat up the advertising I guess. Stupid, stupid people.
@_date: 2018-07-02 18:06:49
DING DING DING IT'S JUST LIKE BANK!
Now can you tell me why putting an asset explicitly designed to ALLOW YOU TO BE YOUR OWN BANK AND REMOVE YOU FROM THE CUSTODIAL BANKS into a custodial bank is incoherently stupid?
Maybe you can see why a massively popular company convincing people like you to NOT USE BITCOIN but instead let Coinbase use Bitcoin for you while they leverage their position to try to make consensus changes to the protocol for their short sighted benefit is disastrous for Bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-07-27 17:50:00
I cannot even begin to correct the mass of misunderstandings in this text. Suffice to say your conclusions are ridiculous.
@_date: 2018-02-26 16:53:38
10 pages? Classy.
@_date: 2018-07-02 22:18:32


My point is it's not impractical and is absolutely necessary for the security of the network. Coinbase is attacking BTC consensus and adoption - that is proven and admitted. It's not up for debate.


It doesn't bother you that Coinbase is selling its consumers on the idea that they are using Bitcoin when in reality they aren't using Bitcoin but Coinbasecoin, and they are functionally doing nothing different than opening a SUPER HIGH RISK bank account that could be hacked at any moment and receive a haircut. And that Coinbase is profiting in the hundreds of millions off this lie.


It is. Interest in Coinbasecoin is not a good thing.
@_date: 2018-07-16 22:14:11


@_date: 2019-09-04 16:35:56
A node IS an online service you completely daft buffoon. Also that wasn't  the edit. The edit was adding the last two sentences around 15 minutes after posting for greater clarity. Just like I did this comment now.
@_date: 2018-07-13 16:33:39
The futures market is centralized meaning the only counter party risk is with whatever futures market you choose - regulated or not(bitmex). That's a very different risk profile than "is your startup going to go bankrupt?" and in our clients situation, is a more desirable one. The only trust he has to have is that the futures contract he chooses in fact resolves and if it doesn't - he only loses the difference on the Bitcoin price movement not everything. He can see the Bitcoin he has potential access to and the conditions of that access, he has full control over his own short, and because we executed when futures were above spot he's making money on the futures/spot spread.  It's a win for everyone compared to gambling that his money will be taken like it has been in the past or our start up will fail unexpectedly - he's a high risk business and has been shut down by the likes of stripe and paypal before.
You're right it isn't decentralized trust - only the Bitcoin part of it is. But by relying on that decentralized trust my business can create better risk profiles for our b2b large scale business. As we lean more and more on the decentralized trust elements - for example the next contract we do this with won't involve a lawyer - we continue to beneficially change that risk profile.
I think it's good business and a great example of how to use Bitcoin to solve business problems literally today, not in some distant layered future. I also think I've done you a great charity in bothering to explain it at all.
@_date: 2019-09-14 06:49:45
@_date: 2018-07-21 01:27:48
You don't get it. No one thinks you are mentally ill because they are offended. We think you are mentally ill because your thoughts are barely coherent and half formed. Has nothing to do with over sensitivity, we are all just genuinely concerned for your mental health.
@_date: 2018-07-16 14:24:31
It wasn't the first hardfork (the proper term Mr. Crying about semantics) of Bitcoin based on your own links if you would read them, but I like watching your face turn red and the steam come out of your ears.
One more spasm please.
@_date: 2018-07-15 18:38:43


2014 PEAK BTC transacted daily was 2,075,231 on Dec. 13 2014 with a BTC value of [$348.98]( for a total value transacted of 724,214,114.38 onchain.  Average was closer to 400k and $150 or $60 million.
On the most recent day I have data for, Friday the 13th, we saw 740,316 onchain BTC transacted and it was a below average transaction volume day for the year to date. Even still, 740,316 BTC was worth ~$6240 on Friday which means that even on a low day in the year we saw 4.6 Billion in onchain transactions. This obviously dwarfs the 0.7 Billion of the highest day of 2014 let alone the more likely $60 million.
All this not including any offchain transactions or economic activity including the vast majority of institutional activity and new users who operate almost exclusively on custodial exchanges.
So no, it's not "really bad" but I'll take your delusional paranoia as a good sign to buy some more.
@_date: 2018-07-01 17:48:09
I've seen mycelium suggest me fees of 400 sats/byte when 1 sat is clearing within 1 block. It is absolutely these bad wallet implementations.
@_date: 2017-10-29 22:05:04
That's an appeal to authority, my authority, and the best part about bitcoin is that there is no authority.  Many people have attempted to use authority to influence this space, especially in rbtc. Believe nothing and no one unless you personally have the expertise to vet those claims, in which case believe yourself.
The only universal truth in this ecosystem is **if you control the private keys, you control the bitcoin**.
@_date: 2018-07-26 20:19:34
Bitcoin is not the cryptocurrency market. We don't even allow discussion of alts here why would we allow discussion of "comparable" financial markets?
@_date: 2018-07-15 15:10:31
1. Bitcoin and Reddit are not the same thing. This is just some guys private internet forum. All subreddits are.
2. On Reddit bans are aggressively handed out to: agitators, altcoin shills, the same people who told you about this censorship (they were banned for telling people lies about Bitcoin)
The truth is Bitcoin is technically complex with a lot of people incorrectly looking for advice instead of learning for themselves. Because of that scams are the majority of content on social networks if you let them be - look at crypto-twitter.
"Bad press" gets posted here daily, it doesn't get banned just mocked.
Bitcoin.com is owned by Roger and is not a Bitcoin site, but a Bcash site. They actively seek to attack Bitcoin which is why they are teling you these things.
@_date: 2018-07-27 00:12:00
You are defending it as worthy of discussion as opposed to removal.
@_date: 2018-07-03 16:55:48
I love that you and others think this, I hope you enjoy the crash of the altcoin market. It's happened before it'll happen again.
@_date: 2018-07-17 00:35:12
If you think you haven't been made a fool of I invite you to reread the conversation or invite others to. I think it's really, really funny what a fit you're having. Like you are having involuntary spasms.
@_date: 2018-07-11 18:34:32
Ugh, bad shake friend.
All you can really do at this point is run an incident analysis to figure out what happened. We know obviously Bitcoin wasn't hacked, and it's unlikely that the electrum server is acting maliciously. The most likely cause is somewhere along the chain of custody of your private key there was a mistake. Maybe check that you're running a version of electrum with the right checksum. It sounds like it was a hot wallet on a well used consumer laptop, which is just asking for trouble if that's the case. If you are running that kind of hot wallet you'll never know what happened but can assume your device is compromised.
Consider it a lesson learned and hope the lesson wasn't too expensive. Sign transactions offline and keep air gapped custody of your private keys. Sorry friend.
@_date: 2017-09-20 00:24:08
Appeals to authority are no fun, appeals to authority hurt someone.
If you have an argument for why any observed evidence of JP Morgan buying btc ETNs is fraud make it.
@_date: 2018-07-17 00:25:42
It's your fault for asking.




Tl:DR: You and a set of peers can use Schnorr to create an "adaptor sig" which is your sigs combined plus *t*, a secret. Since every participant can create the required schnorr sig from their private key, *t* effectively becomes the lock. You can thus create an adaptor sig across multiple chains using the same locking script and *t* will be published when anyone unlocks it - thus enabling the unlocking across all chains as soon as it is unlocked on one. This is a unique kind of atomic swap as *t* can actually be rebound multiple times, creating long chains of atomicity. 
@_date: 2018-07-06 18:07:21
Honest to god I can't tell if this is sarcastic.
"You have to be a network engineer to understand network topology!"
No shit, are you upset that you need to be a mechanic to disassemble and reassemble a car too? Turns out our species has advanced past the point where every single person can know every single thing.
@_date: 2018-07-16 19:50:00


You are literally redefining words, it is semantics. What you mean when you say 'fork' is not what others mean, as evidence by the definitions you cite which contradict you. Further evidence includes the fact that your definition couldn't even have existed before a year ago, and obviously the use of fork in this space and Bitcoin predates that by over half a decade in very common use. The only reason you think with these definitions you have created is you haven't been around here very long.
Even if you were right, which you aren't, what is the mental health problem you suffer from that results in you thinking these posts don't make you look like a lunatic, mr. spasm man? I feel bad teasing the disabled.
@_date: 2018-07-16 22:25:04
It fits perfectly, you illiterate spasm.
@_date: 2018-07-04 01:30:33
Buy as much Bitcoin as you want and store it in a wallet with a 24 word recovery list. Those 24 words are now your bitcoin, you can access them from anywhere with an internet connection with those 24 words and a downloaded bitcoin wallet.
@_date: 2018-07-02 18:03:34
All custodial exchanges are a problem. I am here primarily for the tech, I'm a software engineer. This is the reinvention of global trust and it is going to change the world, but you're too stuck in the past to notice. All you see is the chance to be rich.
Frankly, I hope you get robbed because you don't understand what you're doing.
@_date: 2018-07-02 15:58:13
Yeah he goes into detail about stack based programming and how wallets are locked etc. Some chapters are more technical than others
@_date: 2018-07-19 12:47:48
It won't be. This sub is owned by the same person who is co-owner of bitcoin.org and ACKed these changes.
@_date: 2018-07-16 20:19:50
I literally quoted that source, you illiterate. Learn to read and try again, because that definition qualifies all hardforks. Nothing is said in any definition you cite about number of full nodes or miners on a chain or other network participants. These are qualifications you are making up on the spot, like right now you just made that up.
MOAR SPASM PLOX
@_date: 2018-07-14 21:51:55


Doing it for themselves - everyone doing it for themselves - creates a consensus that secures the network. thus nodes are an important part of the security mechanisms.
@_date: 2018-07-03 20:26:29
I hope you're right but I don't believe consumers or end users have traditionally been a very good judge of what is or isn't the best technology. We see superior protocols and technologies fail to get adopted all the time because they fail at marketing or market positioning or business partnerships. Users just aren't that engaged with the technical facts and they shouldn't have to be, they are far more easily swayed by advertising than they are a technical crib sheet.
@_date: 2018-07-02 01:55:09
It happened to someone, whether or not it was OP.
@_date: 2018-07-17 04:19:48
But 1 more tho right? Spasm?
@_date: 2018-07-02 20:46:00
The attacks aren't trivial, they are sophisticated and rely on the weight of billions of dollars in capital and millions of users. You couldn't perform them, and neither can I.
We should be worried, we have the decentralized security model and to utilize it requires we be worried. Part of that model is guys like me making a big stink about Coinbases behavior. We defeated their last fork attempts, they haven't succeeded in driving their users to BCH in any volume as they have publicly stated they want to do, but that doesn't mean they never will. The larger the percentage of our userbase that is active and aware and defending the decentralized security model the more secure we will be.
The difference between trustless, Bitcoin driven layers using Bitcoin units and tokens on and offchain versus a company operating an internal accounting and financial services accepting deposits and withdrawals in Bitcoin is a world of contrast. If you can't see the difference between Coinbase and lighting or rootstock I can't help you.
@_date: 2018-07-18 19:55:03
I love that the traditional financial sectors just cannot pull their head out of the box they've been thinking in the last 100 years. Everything must fit in the box of previously understood notions.
@_date: 2018-03-20 00:10:16
You may be thankful for it. I don't know why you would favor half baked blockchains with no ability to scale and a lack of decentralization including centralized and coin-funded development teams - as opposed to building in layers on the most decentralized and secure blockchain in the world, maintained by volunteers and evolving organically.
@_date: 2018-07-02 19:08:09
Coinbase has repeatedly attempted to force Bitcoin nodes to subsidize their service and change consensus, and are still actively doing so daily by promoting BCH which offers these subsidies. Bitcoin is an open protocol, and Coinbase users are not using that protocol. You assertions that Coinbase isn't a problem are at best naive, you're surrounded by evidence they seek to undermine decentralization for short term gains.
@_date: 2018-07-14 14:47:21
Can we have a standing policy to get rid of articles like this as they have nothing to do with Bitcoin? Coinbase isn't Bitcoin and neither are the coins being added. Remove this garbage - this isn't a platform for coinbase advertising or speculation.
@_date: 2018-07-07 09:57:37
I bought Bitcoin because I was witnessing the redefining of trust alongside the worlds greatest economic experiment.
How does anyone resist?
@_date: 2018-07-17 00:19:18
You can tell I'm triggered? Trust me, you not understand the word accumulative is the least of the absurdity you've displayed. I'm making fun of you and it's amazing you haven't caught on to the point where you are sick of embarrassing yourself. You've reached a point I like to call peak ignorance, you're surrounded by evidence of being wrong about everything that has passed through your fingers to your keyboard but you cannot admit it because if you do it will cause a complete collapse of your ego and self worth. It's a remarkable phenomena that is fairly well documented and right now you're an amazing example of the way consciousness defends itself.
But please, please, spasm again!
@_date: 2018-07-17 17:03:29
I waited 9 hours so you could rest up, I was afraid I might only get another k or not reply the next day if I replied late at night. So happy to see that as always I say jump and you twitch uncontrollably.
@_date: 2018-07-26 15:47:53
That would be like posting a news article that compared the size of the US to the size of the moon in a lunar subreddit in one line of an otherwise entirely unrelated piece. Comparing something to Bitcoin doesn't make it relevant to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-07-03 18:46:09
I'm still hoping for a glut of security incidents, that seems like the quickest way to make people aware of custodial risks. If everyone here had been around for MtGox and the dozens of major exchange hacks after it we wouldn't have this problem, everyone would be paranoid. Too many new users, not enough hacks.
@_date: 2018-07-16 07:56:09
No evidence is necessary beyond what I have provided. For at least the last 12 posts this hasn't been an argument, it has been me watching you have a mental breakdown over literally semantics. I am watching presumably an adult have a mental breakdown over the word fork.
I can't wait for your next spasm!
@_date: 2018-07-09 20:06:57
I think that a symbol for sats will arise out of need. It sounds like your company has found that need and has offered their solution as a proposal to the broader community. I like that, I think it's how it should work. I don't expect everyone to agree with you or every business to use this symbol, but I do expect a general consensus regarding a symbol to emerge as demand for a symbol increases. We're not all going to agree in this thread or walk away using the symbol and that's how it should be. Also refer to this argument for denominating Bitcoin as bits or mbits. Do what is best for your business and share your wisdom with your peers, but don't expect to push through changes to the culture. They will happen organically, a process you may have even started with this post. Who knows?
@_date: 2018-07-16 06:59:29
I love what a fit you are having almost as much as I love how wrong you are. You can think I am stupid all you want, I've been involved in Bitcoin personally and professionally for the majority of its life and I'm more than well aware of the litany of forks related to Bitcoin.
Sources? I cited and linked the git, I cited altcoins which are easily googlable. All you did was bold irrelevant lines from an irrelevant paper - who in their right mind would think the Satoshi white paper endeavored to define software fork? Literally laugh out loud. Next time try to bold the word fork.
Can't wait for your next spasm.
@_date: 2018-07-26 17:31:58
Okay, now reread my rebuke
@_date: 2018-07-31 06:15:09
Vegetarian food is good. Don't limit yourself, try it all!
@_date: 2019-09-02 17:34:50
What do you find so funny about the suggestion? It's dead serious. If you aren't signing offline and air gapped and you get malware you have no one to blame but yourself. Using an old phone for a signing device is both easy and practical.
@_date: 2018-07-16 19:34:40
So just to be clear, you have invented a new definition for the word "fork" and it means:
* exclusively a hardfork
* with MULTIPLE chains that produce blocks to this day
By your definition if BCH had caused the BTC chain to be abandoned it wouldn't have qualified as a "fork" since there aren't two chains producing blocks after.
You are literally making up words and insisting everyone uses them that way despite your own evidence and source contradicting you.
And yet somehow you are convinced that I am the one embarrassing myself, spasm man. Isn't it neat the way the human mind can't begin to accept that it is wrong despite clear evidence - your own evidence - that it is the case?
One more spasm, spasm man.
@_date: 2019-09-24 18:12:02
Don't keep single use keys from 2012 because proving things to trolls isn't something I concern myself with.
I'm not sure who you think is gtfo of here, I'd wager you sooner than me.
@_date: 2019-09-18 03:10:22
Imperfectly, that's how the sausage is made. But there are good people doing their best. Have a good one!
@_date: 2018-07-16 18:47:20
Clam forked the UTXO set.
Tell me again all about how BCH is the first fork BTC has ever endured? Please spasm man, please?
@_date: 2019-09-24 18:20:29
I made plenty of posts to reddit, feel free to use those to verify my activity. Unlike CSW I'm not actively perpetuating a fraud. Unlike you I'm not entirely fabricating situations so I get to pretend I am a business dropping Bitcoin despite having never used the feature being dropped at my business. If you have a business. I've never heard of a business using bitcoin purchases through the core gui as opposed to bitcoind and am really interested in hearing more of this fiction of yours.
@_date: 2015-04-16 21:29:34
I don't use coinbase, the merchant does.
@_date: 2019-09-03 22:56:39
The altcoin btc forks are also eligible, and their communities are rallying to get votes to fund their development.
I'm not a big okcoin fan and i see this as just more promotion and money for altcoins. I wish they would let those scam bitcoin forks die, stop promoting them.
@_date: 2018-07-04 01:26:04
Better title: AI and modernization will mandate a universal income.
@_date: 2018-07-03 21:55:42
So what about PGP or GPG isn't better than just straight SMTP? Why are SMTP enhancements not "better" than SMTP by your definitions?
@_date: 2019-09-15 18:47:03
Removed for promoting altcoin FUD and misinformation.
@_date: 2018-02-21 19:10:16
Bitcoin is not a consumer economy. Bitcoin spent does not equate to wealth creation in any way. It does not create jobs, it does not increase GDP. Increasingly the entities transacting in Bitcoin will be machines, employing no one in the first place. The concepts you are applying are foreign and inapplicable. There is no need to incentivize spending for Bitcoin to function or have value as a desirable asset the way a government printed currency would require those things. There is no government to keep running, people to pay, and economy to grow. If no one transacted in Bitcoin ever except to buy and sell as a store of wealth it would still function perfectly fine as both a decentralized network and as that use case. That's the difference between a protocol and a country. A government needs money to function and a population need jobs to employ them, a protocol doesn't. Bitcoin will only ever compliment government issued currencies not replace them, they need inflation to function.
@_date: 2018-07-02 16:36:29
I do, but sitting Bitcoin in Coinbase is not "in this space". It is in Coinbasecoin. Institutional investors and coinbase and clearly even many users are so stuck in the paradigm of yesterday they cannot even imagine these entities controlling their own keys. If that's how any of you feel, sell now. Bitcoin is dead. Control your keys or don't bother at all.
@_date: 2018-07-21 00:58:21
I have no idea why so many people are always eager to defend coinbase. It makes me just assume the person has no history or involvement in the Bitcoin community.
Using their services is giving them business they take fees.
@_date: 2018-07-16 21:07:52
I hope you got that sweet nullc quote I sent. If you won't hear it from me maybe you will him.
I'm ready for the apology whenever you want to give it. Preferably in the form of a spasm.
@_date: 2019-09-03 15:55:30
I dump the signed transaction into a QR code to be broadcast by an online device. Safer than swapping physical media. I use a derivative process of the glacier protocol with different accessibility properties but so long as you are signing offline you're already greatly diminishing the risks.
@_date: 2018-07-16 20:44:45


If Bitcoin is a blockchain why can't it run without its network participants. You are not only misinterpreting the white paper, but you're just wrong as can be plainly described. Bitcoin cannot be its blockchain.


Some of us are using a phone and very little time to instigate the tantrums you're throwing. Its worth it.


That's actually not how it is defined. The white paper is wrong, and has been wrong for some time. If you want to treat the white paper as a religious document you'll be welcome at rbtc. The longest chain doesn't define Bitcoin, the most accumulated PoW does. This was changed years ago. Longest chain was a very naive mechanism of consensus.
Look at how much you are learning today! Spasm for me now?
@_date: 2019-09-08 21:43:03
A buddy and I are building a psbt swapper and miniscript signer over the weekends. It's a really neat learning project for us. Thanks for building these tools.
@_date: 2019-09-14 06:52:02
They also make very misleading claims about bitcoin fees, strongly support bcash, and don't support the most universally adopted invoicing Bip and as such lack compatibility with many wallets. They also stop processing payments at will
@_date: 2019-09-13 17:44:20
S2X was a complete failure of programming diligence.
BCH had already been split for months, there was no demand for S2X from big or small blockers.
Promoting BCH, which is a scam, is grounds for being banned here so consider this your only warning. Your comment is being removed.
@_date: 2018-07-05 16:39:17
Why do you reject use cases involving oracles? I've given you several use cases you don't need to wait.
@_date: 2018-07-27 23:02:33
If you can't even be right about when you're done having the conversation, what makes you have any confidence that you're assertion that details of the daily action on the global financial market is relevant context to Bitcoin when again, it is never talking about Bitcoin but Facebook.
@_date: 2017-10-26 23:54:41
They don't use an economic security model. If they did they would be attackable by the much larger GPU and ASIC mining communities. The only semblance of a "blockchain" used by these companies are immutable structures.
@_date: 2018-07-02 18:53:59
The glut of new users the last 12 months have no appreciation for why Bitcoin is valuable, or how Coinbase is undermining that value. They have no idea about anything of substance, they just want to get rich.
I would be happy for this bear market to last another year and drop to &lt;$1000. Shake all these get rich quick kids. Tech is the tech, it doesn't care what the price is.
@_date: 2018-07-16 21:06:38


- u/nullc


@_date: 2017-10-29 17:53:07
Markets are made by placing orders. Someone has a 'limit' order set at $6015. This means anyone looking to buy bitcoin on the market will have to buy through those bitcoins at $6015 before the price goes higher, or as someone else stated the sell order may get removed as it's about to get filled as the person selling believes they could sell them for more.
@_date: 2015-04-04 14:45:43
Do you dismiss everyone as a troll or just the people saying your comparisons aren't relatable? Bittorrent needs trackers and is complimented by centrealization and bitcoin is not simply on a fundamental technical level. You being wrong doesn't make me a troll.
@_date: 2019-09-20 18:36:35
btcd is probably the default start point for lnd seeing as how it was built for that purpose, but they always have supported the latest version of core and I suspect they will continue to.
@_date: 2018-07-13 15:29:50
We are a centralized company that benefits from decentralized trust. Yes, as Hal Finney originally wrote the future of Bitcoin is in sophisticated financial services that use Bitcoin to back the transactions.
It's sad that Hal was able to figure this out in 2009 but you can't in 2018 when it's staring you in the face.
I like mocking buttcoiners like you. You're wrong and it's funny.
@_date: 2018-07-13 03:05:29
I support Luke on many things and I am eternally grateful for his contributions, but on PoW change I can't support him without sufficient cause, such as an in progress attack. To dismantle our security mechanism is to elevate BCH and abandon our security advantage. I cannot imagine consenting to doing so except as a last resort.
@_date: 2018-07-17 02:20:56
Aw, I knew you couldn't resist my little spasm monkey &lt;3
1 more?
@_date: 2018-07-15 19:17:34
In what world do you live where 400k &gt; 740,316? If you want to compare busiest days 2018 still dominates 2014 in BTC transacted at 3.128 million BTC transacted on Jan 27 2018 which was worth ~11500 per BTC or ~36 Billion USD onchain transacted in that day.
There isn't a metric by which you are correct.
The *value* of BTC has risen 20 fold since the busiest day in December 2014. No matter how you want to denominate it. Lambos, USD, BTC. 1 2018 BTC has more value and is more desirable more than 1 2014 BTC.
The paranoid part is trying to contort statistics which do not support your argument into something to be afraid of - i.e. dropping BTC transacted. It's "really bad".
@_date: 2018-07-22 17:41:10
Bitcoins governance very much resembles the Internet Engineering Task Force. You can think of BIP's like RFC's and the entire open source community as the IETF, where a group of seasoned and volunteering professionals in their space weigh in on issues and the goal is to **address outstanding dissent**. There isn't a vote, there isn't a hard and fast political process that is easily game-able. There is a bunch of experts transparently commenting on issues until there is a general consensus and the reference client gets updated with the proposals. When there are disagreements of substance (or politic) the minority group forks (Bcash). It's overall a very useful governance system anyone can participate in by simply commenting on the mailing list, github, and in the weekly IRC meetings.
A BIP is adopted however not by the developers, but by the community. Developers will add code which remains inactive via the process described above, and it's up to user to signal a date for everyone to enable it and a majority of users to then follow through.
@_date: 2018-07-31 00:00:54
It's consumable in exchange for holding a position in the immutable ledger of trust forever - which has an intrinsic value. Trust has value. Being able to consume these units of trust to achieve trust has value. People who don't understand that Bitcoin is the reinvention of trust and can only think within the bounds of investments and stocks will never understand this.
@_date: 2018-07-17 17:06:39
Bitcoin is a protocol, not a blockchain, and I loved explaining it to you in a way that was both irrefutable and publicly embarassing =)
@_date: 2018-07-17 00:33:57
The only trick here is you buddy. Do you actually think anyone who read any of this conversation is going to think you're anything but a very wrong and insecure person?
I keep asking for spasms because you keep having them. Your reactions are not only factually incorrect, but so over the top having a fit that I can't imagine anyone has ever taken you seriously in your life. If you aren't already get on valium or something you have some mood problems and need to learn how to be wrong.
Or you could give me another spasm.
@_date: 2018-07-20 17:03:03
The manipulation is easy as is meeting minimum volumes. A coin can only trade with whatever available volume you release of your premine. The incentive is also obvious. If you can establish a price history it will enable you to slowly introduce additional sell pressure until you make much more than you ever would have releasing the entire supply to the market before establishing a beneficial price history.
@_date: 2017-10-09 15:49:27
So using the previous code it was impossible to lose BTC in a replay attack. Okay. Keep telling yourself that. I already acknowledged that the S2X layer 2 stuff affected S2X so I don't know what you are going on and on about aside from pretending that proper replay protection doesn't affect BTC.
I swear, I don't know what it is about crypto in general but it attracts the rudest people. You're arguing against thanking someone who is doing something that benefits you. It's a thank you, it costs you nothing. Grow up.
@_date: 2017-10-26 15:29:55
Banks don't use hashrate to secure their coins or a decentralized security model at all, they use cryptographic proofs. Blockchains are effectively the worlds most inefficient data storage model in exchange for decentralized security. If you take away the decentralized security you're just left with the worlds most inefficient data storage model. Banks are building the same solutions they always have except with the word "blockchain" added to it, as a buzz word. It's almost entirely meaningless.
@_date: 2019-09-15 18:40:37
Good Canadian exchanges include shakepay, newton, and kraken.
Do not leave your coins on exchanges! Canadian exchanges have repeatedly stolen users money (ezbtc, quadrigacx)
Do not buy bitcoin with credit cards. It will come with a cash advance interest rate and many delays assuming you can find any exchange which will take them.
@_date: 2018-07-03 19:58:59
Please do remember. I'll be really impressed if when you're wrong you still follow through.
@_date: 2019-09-24 21:19:41


Okay ex (current?) BitPay employee with 15 years dev experience and years of bcash shilling under their belt running a businesses that has an inability to compile software. No lying.
@_date: 2018-07-13 20:00:30


We don't, which is why I have said three times now the next contract won't have a lawyer. This was the first in a staged transition designed to get the participants comfortable with the security and auditing procedures involved with handling private keys and using Bitcoin for trust.


A naked short has far more risk.


@_date: 2018-07-03 03:59:57
Maybe I am, what business is it of yours what my net worth is? Just look at my reddit history to see how long I've been involved. I'm not going to sign a message for you, my ego and your embarrassment aren't worth destroying my privacy.
@_date: 2018-07-17 02:34:18
You can't help yourself, you act self destructively because you feel threatened and must respond. Any sane person would have just stopped talking after 1-2 posts, no matter how wrong they were. I've stayed because I got a whiff of crazy off you and I'm intoxicated finding how far the rabbit hole goes.
So lets go a little deeper with one more spasm - or is identifying your behavior going to result in you ending the conversation? (I'm willing to bet it doesn't, but I'm excited to find out either way)
@_date: 2018-07-04 04:41:39
That's what that use case is exactly. Consider that specific use the equivalent of a centralized sidechain where trust ultimately resolves to whatever mechanisms you fashion around the oracles. Rootstocks pre-BIP state is very much this, using oracles to form a federated sidechain. The value in this is they can't steal your bitcoin/assets if they are violating the pegging mechanism, for example. You get a centralized company that you can engage with economically but don't have to provide full custodial trust while you interact with them.
It doesn't devalue non-oracle requiring use cases at all or make the oracle requiring ones any less superior to the traditional opaque process of asset exchange.
@_date: 2018-07-23 07:54:02
Transactions routing is a function of transaction size and channel capacity. Do you have any examples of failures or are you just repeating the things you hear? The channel capacity of lightning has also dramatically increased in the last week, well over doubling. Have you tried autopilot? I think it is pretty cool and with enough people using it routing should be steadily improving.
@_date: 2018-07-12 16:10:00
I like how people pretend there is no demand currently or in the future for Bitcoin. It's the worlds first and most decentralized trust network - if you can't find any value for trust you're not looking hard enough.
@_date: 2018-07-17 00:20:09
No, it being true does.
@_date: 2018-07-13 14:42:24
I am going to teach you a little secret. Are you ready?


(If you short BTC futures while holding BTC you create a cash and carry arb. i.e. your Bitcoin is dollar pegged. Don't tell anyone you were too stupid to realize this)
Gee, I bet business sure is tough when you can't think for yourself isn't it suninabox? 
@_date: 2018-07-17 02:03:26
It is likely true, but that's okay because I don't need an audience to enjoy you boo. I'm just excited to find new mental gymnastics you'll perform every time you're confronted with reality.
Just a tiny itsy little spasm for me?
@_date: 2018-07-16 18:04:15
Go back and read the links you posted.
You are using "fork" to refer to a "Hard Fork, Hard-Forking Change, Synonyms Hard fork" according to YOUR OWN LINK. See how it doesn't say "Synonyms Fork"? In fact it goes on to say in literally the next of very few lines: 


SO STOP USING THE WORD FORK WHEN YOU MEAN HARDFORK.
Tell me again how I'm the one embarrassing myself as you SPASM AGAIN PLEASE
@_date: 2018-07-05 01:07:12
You think this is an embarrassment?
Silly silly troll.
@_date: 2018-07-23 16:38:46
It's amazing how all the rationalizations for market activity created by these people exclude the vast majority of the Bitcoin and derivatives markets, only focusing on the US regulated volume at traditional exchanges. 
How can you expect to accurately describe a market movement of a global asset by talking exclusively about such a tiny percentage of its volume? US analysts seem genuinely brain damaged on average.
@_date: 2015-04-16 22:51:29


Thanks Michael. The merchant themselves have already refunded me (it took them 2 weeks), but if you're curious about the conditions I experienced which led to this I can describe them at length in either a PM or email. The case # I have for the email I recently sent is 580553, but it doesn't include the conversations I've had with support which caused me troubles in the first place.
@_date: 2019-09-24 18:45:12
Stop trolling, support bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-07-26 17:04:36
Why is someone on any arbitrary day making a comparison in an otherwise unrelated article to bitcoins maket cap Bitcoin news? It's not new, you could make a post comparing BTC market cap to things every day. Especially when the primary content isn't that comparison, but that comparison composes one line in an otherwise entirely unrelated news piece, can't we agree that is unacceptable content and should go? Or is this going to be like that time the gang of Always Sunny in Philadelphia yelled at each other in their bar? (btw cross posting this entire thread to r/iasip now since it's super relevant)
@_date: 2018-07-23 07:50:10
The institutional futures are so small compared to the products at okcasino and bitmex, let alone spot. It's delusional to think such a small percentage of the total volume being traded is driving the trading.
@_date: 2018-07-16 04:18:33
Name 5? Like I said there are literally 20 thousand. Just check the list 
@_date: 2019-09-04 05:45:11
You have no idea what you are talking about. There is no third party involved, you literally pulled that out of thin air. It's my signing device, my node, I control 100% of the process from signing to broadcast.
Just based on this conversation it seems like you have a lot to learn about securing your bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-07-14 19:46:51
Running a full node is the only way to trust no other parties. It's the only way for the average user to participate at a protocol level. It's the only way for the average user to participate in Bitcoins decentralized security mechanisms.
@_date: 2018-07-31 14:37:10
Yes private equity being raised by a company that doesn't own any of the software they are making because of its license, and could be forked into irrelevance at the community whim. I need to again stress how dumb you are.
Are you going to make a single true claim? Lying about them stealing people's money, lying about whether the network has been delivered, lying about the function of the federation. What are you going to lie about next?
@_date: 2018-07-16 17:42:33
Whenever we adopt it. Lets get an implementation available for review and start signalling this and a half dozen other BIPS for activation.
@_date: 2018-07-10 16:26:01
I remember tech specific and public access reporting was top notch. There were shows that you would even plug your computer into the TV audio jack and you would "listen" for programs.
Mainstream media I don't expect much of but crypto media?
@_date: 2019-09-24 17:41:06
Because I don't need your businesses to run my business and I'm not trying to dictate to you how to run your business for my benefit.
You were never going to add Bitcoin to your business, you've never used the GUI bitcoin core features for your business. You're just a bcash troll wasting everyones time and you're lucky to not have been banned for it yet.
@_date: 2018-07-03 20:42:53


Sure, there are several competing open standards for email encryption and they have been around for 2 decades. What percentage of the world uses PGP, GPG, STARTTLS? A very small percentage. SMTP on its own won that protocol war despite some glaring technical faults, and the security extension to it were never widely adopted.


They very well may, what's still up for debate is whether better equates to adoption. I'm not convinced it does.
@_date: 2018-07-16 18:31:09
Your own links make it clear as day you are misusing the word fork, you're arguing with your own links not me. Also most forks aren't named or persistent, as you know since you now know what a fork is.
That doesn't stop me from encouraging and looking forward to your next spasm, please.
@_date: 2018-07-16 04:21:50
I don't think you know what fork means.
@_date: 2018-07-14 19:51:09
Coinbase has repeatedly demonstrated a desire to fit Bitcoin to their own needs - going so far as to attack consensus. They are an enemy of the Bitcoin protocol. Their users are not Bitcoin users except in the most indirect sense, they are coinbasecoin users. Coinbase users who do not withdraw never interact with Bitcoin at all.
If you must use Coinbase do not store you coins there. Get your bitcoins and withdraw immediately to your own secure cold storage.
@_date: 2018-03-09 18:17:13
You are an absolute buffoon. Never has such a fuss been made about $100, and aside from the sheer disproportion of your tantrum across reddit to the inconvenience you're experiencing, none of what you said is fraud or proof of fraud.
Take a valium. Take 2.
@_date: 2017-10-30 02:30:44
An excellent cautionary tale with a happy ending. Good for you.
@_date: 2019-09-09 15:39:46
This is the level of idiocy I expect in the scam sub, not here.
How to "scam" lightning according to the poster: double spend confirmed bitcoin.
Hell of a vulnerability you've found there Mr. Altcoin dev.
@_date: 2018-07-16 19:02:08
The first hardfork that resulted in a perpetuating coin was Bitcoins on 8th August 2010 caused by CVE-2010-5139, in which the old chain was abandoned and a longer chain begun construction at the point at which the error producing block was created.
Learn your history, spasm man. (and spasm again plox)
@_date: 2018-07-30 02:00:21
Yes the litany of crypto advocates and computer scientists who have swarmed to Bitcoin are "unsophisticated" despite being able to form clear descriptions of Bitcoins operation while the Fed chair and the Feds many other employees struggle to form a coherent sentence on the topic.
@_date: 2018-07-03 00:10:34
RSK makes Bitcoin a competitor of Ethereum, though liquid can surely be used for many of the things Ethereum is being misused for currently.
@_date: 2018-07-16 21:15:34
You think this quote:


You think that quote supports the idea that the longest chain, as written in the white paper, defines consensus.
You're truly illiterate. Nullc is talking about you. And you're taking wikipedia over his description. LOLOLOL. Just go read the source, it's as plain as day that the calculation does not use chain length but accumulative PoW.
Spasms moar?
@_date: 2019-09-13 17:38:46
They were a leader of the imposed NYA consensus and S2X failure, they were a leader in promoting BCH  (and even to this day contribute to the asinine propaganda put out by that camp, watch their recent conference videos with Coinbase representatives), they are a leader in attacks on fungibility. What's to dispute?
@_date: 2017-10-12 17:05:51
You can ban it, but you can't stop people from using it. That's the draw of decentralization, it means censorship resistance. There are really no viable means of stopping bitcoin, including and especially making it illegal.
@_date: 2018-07-12 21:26:38


We don't offer free refunds on hundreds of thousands of dollars, and since we're a startup and our customer has been burned before they wanted something a bit better than our word.
You know how some people have their heads so far up their ass that they aren't worth the time? You're one. Enjoy thinking Bitcoin has no use cases, I'm going to enjoy both the financial revolution and being rich.
@_date: 2018-07-17 04:13:39
Outclassed. You show a picture of an asshole and I penetrate you with anal references, and all you've got is a small penis, joke?
Just... 1 more spasm.
@_date: 2018-07-06 21:11:54
I am so thrilled with this specification. For those wondering what this says it specifies an enormous upgrade to Bitcoin. Transactions will be smaller, more complex, more private.  It will enhance Bitcoins interoperability with on and offchain resources and enable more robust atomic proofs.
I love the careful thought and consideration that went into enabling future optimization and compatibility with unadopted BIPS.
I cannot wait for Adaptor signatures:




Huge congratulations to everyone involved in moving Bitcoin forward on this path.
@_date: 2018-07-21 00:51:03
He's not projecting, any unbiased observer whether they agree with your ideals or not would seriously question your mental health based on your commentary. It's disturbing, ill informed, and barely legible.
You make anyone you are associated with, including the religious and crypto communities, look bad. I am embarrassed that you are out there speaking about these subjects which I am interested in.
@_date: 2018-07-17 02:18:53
no moar spasm? =(
It's almost like this post hit a little too close to home.
@_date: 2018-07-19 02:12:14
As much expertise as it requires I very much prefer rolling my own security solutions. I don't trust that 0-days won't continue to come out for widely adopted storage solutions.
@_date: 2018-07-18 01:41:28
BitMEX is the best IMO.
@_date: 2018-07-03 16:34:18
Not your keys not your coins. Whether they use coinbase or not they are excluded from the financial revolution self selectively.
They aren't using the protocol. They are using coinbase. They are never ever touching Bitcoin as a token or a protocol. You keep glossing over that fact.
@_date: 2018-07-16 20:32:48
Bitcoin **has** a blockchain. Bitcoin is a **protocol**. I read mastering Bitcoin when it was released on GitHub thanks. You seem to be the one with some fundamental misunderstandings. I can prove it if you would like:
I have a copy of the Bitcoin blockchain downloaded from my full node. Thus I have "Bitcoin" since I have it's blockchain right? No, I participate in Bitcoin as a protocol despite having the blockchain. If I copy the blockchain and have no other network participants I do not have Bitcoin. If Bitcoin was a blockchain that wouldn't be true.
Bitcoin is a protocol, and you have now gone on for a dozen posts embarassing yourself by declaring it is a blockchain.
Spasm? Seriously though if you are mentally ill or something you have to tell me, because I feel like I am kicking a child with downs.
@_date: 2018-07-16 15:52:10
So hold on, you admit you've been using the wrong terms up to this point in the conversation as specified by: 
One more spasm por favor.
@_date: 2019-09-12 02:45:32
This is so wrong that it's painful to read.
@_date: 2018-07-16 19:27:23
I've been surprised at the quality of his post and commentary in these threads so far. I know I and I'm sure many other potentially large lightning nodes are watching eagerly.
@_date: 2018-07-16 04:31:19
I understand that forks of Bitcoin are not forks of its blockchain and that there have been literally tens of thousands of forks of Bitcoin. Do you? You all keep talking about forks of Bitcoin as though Bitcoin is it's blockchain.
@_date: 2019-09-05 03:35:12
Bylls.com is a service that does something similar in canada.
@_date: 2018-07-14 19:47:59
Nodes absolutely act as agents securing the network, banning peers who propagate invalid blocks and enforcing (or even changing) consensus rules when necessary.
@_date: 2018-07-31 14:19:23
Doesn't sound like you understand how RSK works. It will eventually be a merge mined SPV proof Bitcoin peg drivechain. If you don't see the value in low trust Bitcoin pegged sidechains offering the full EVM then that's your loss. RSK not only has superior scaling properties to Eth but it uses Bitcoins decentralized security model.
@_date: 2018-07-17 01:59:24
I like that you think begging you to spasm sounds angry, I *really* like it. 
This is another thing that happens often, someone realizes they are in too deep so you come across the kind of excuses you might see in r/oopsididntmeanto. They go "haha no I was just joking", or "LOL I WAS TROLLING THE WHOLE TIME", or "MY ACCOUNT WAS HACKED!". Again, these are all mechanisms the ego uses to protect itself and the image of self. Watching you go through these stages is like reading a textbook. A really insecure textbook.
Also, spasm isn't an adhom except on the occasions I've literally called you a spasm.  "dummy", "retard"  and the kind of insults you use are. Me asking you to spasm is literally a request, not a supporting element of an argument. The arguments I make always come before my sign off.
Come on, one more - spasm!
@_date: 2018-07-16 07:25:35
Whaaaa whaaaa there is more than one type of fork and it makes me throw tantrums, waaaaah!
That's me doing you.
Can't wait for your next spasm
I'm also willing to bet I was here before you.
Lololol I like the part where a 2 year old Reddit account insists they have been here longer than me. You're the fresh meat here buddy, I've been here for a very long time.
@_date: 2019-09-09 19:24:07
I am holding, have been for years, and do not use it solely as an investment vehicle. I and the many like me who use bitcoin to build smart contracts and reduce trust in their life are not merely investing. We're participating in a  revolution of trust.
I would never hold any other crypto as I believe they are functionless without bitcoin's pow and tried/tested decentralized security model.
The argument behind holding is as simple as "function, utility, and price increase as a function of time" and "a long term bet is a much safer gamble than trying to time the market. Better to bet on whether bitcoin will be useful at all than what the price will be on Sunday." More than that,t he argument is supported by the thousands of people like me who have been doing it for years.
@_date: 2019-09-13 16:41:29
I left them for this reason. I will not use bitpay
@_date: 2017-10-09 15:22:40
It opened up opportunities for people to lose their BTC with their opt in absurdity. As someone who intends to dump S2X I'm grateful for any improvements in implementation which reduces that likelihood for users. I would think the community as a whole would be behind it too, but too many people are obsessed with the politics of personality happening over here that they can't even say a kind word about someone they disagree with.
@_date: 2018-07-31 14:30:55
The have been on mainnet merge mining since January and have a higher hashrate than BCH. Sighash_noinput is almost for sure being adopted. They have taken no peoples money since there is no ICO or token sale. You are obliviously stupid and should stop spreading lies.
You know the federation stops functioning when sighash_noinput makes it an SPV proof chain - just as I told you a comment before this - right? Get your facts straight.
It is delivered and usable right now. Not that you would know.
@_date: 2018-07-22 17:33:19
They don't get it. We don't need them to. More gains for us.
@_date: 2018-07-14 01:07:27
The dedicated support is exceptional and something they really deserve to be applauded for. Dealing with knowledgeable support will greatly reduce painful user experiences and the likelihood of screen caps of support convos ending up here.
@_date: 2019-09-18 02:37:52
Don't post links to alts and their ICO's, whatever the motivation for doing so you are likely to get banned.
@_date: 2019-09-18 07:44:39
Stop reposting articles already on the front page.
@_date: 2018-07-20 16:49:18
I have a lot of thoughts about this.
1. How do these coins keep getting siezed? I cannot imagine the stupidity required to insecurely store nearly 300 BTC.
2. This guy was kidnapped and the police called to rescue him from his extorters, only to do the exact thing themselves over *marijuana*?! I view the state action as worse than the original kidnappers frankly.
3. For a state and its citizens to be so proud of such disturbing behavior as ruining this guy's life because he needed police help and grew weed is unbelievable. Who do you think has a bigger negative effect on UK society - this guy or money laundering banks? This guy or corporations that are preying on the poor with advertising and fake "sales" that are driven by professional psychologists? This guy doesn't move the needle and got burned for needing help. Fucked up.
@_date: 2018-07-26 16:52:19
It is very different from comparing the NASDAQ to the NYSE, those are both stock exchanges. Bitcoin is not a stock exchange.the commonalities between Bitcoin and stocks end at "you can buy them both, and their value may change as a function of time". Beyond that they are as different as two things can be. One is a protocol redefinition of trust via the decentralized security model and the other is a bunch of businesses, commodities, derivatives, and financial products. That Bitcoin has a financial unit at all is simply a necessary quirk of the incentives which create decentralized consensus.
Not that it would matter, because as I said there is no Bitcoin content in the OP save half a sentence. It's not relevant and shouldn't be here.
@_date: 2018-07-02 16:23:55
I am so unhappy to see everyone here applauding this. Custodial exchanges must die, especially those holding institutional volumes of money. I hope they get hacked repeatedly and their hot wallets get drained. Coinbase needs to die as a business, they are the antithesis of what we can accomplish in this space.
No one here cares about the technology or space anymore. No one is here for the financial revolution. Everyone just obsessed with the price.
@_date: 2018-07-02 17:55:25
Nope I bet more of my net worth is in BTC than is yours. Just a technology enthusiast not a get rich quick person.
@_date: 2018-07-18 14:46:50
I like how they think they need a centralized solution for Bitcoin because "blocks take ten minutes on average to settle and MasterCard takes nanoseconds". So not only have they never heard of 0 conf or lightning, but they think they are a nanosecond settlement layer. Lol. I'll be sure to tell that to all my MasterCard accepting merchants who deal with chargebacks a month after the fact.
@_date: 2018-03-26 19:10:24
Because the impact of gravity on a given human body across the globe, as impacted by many factors beyond just the moon, experiences much more variance than the moons relative position imposes. Even if there wasn't so many more gravitational factors affecting the body than the moon, there is no relationship known or reason to believe a relationship exists between gravitational forces on the body and popular trading actions. It's just nonsense. Without any evidence at all beyond sheer speculation the argument is no better supported than an argument that bodies have a spirit that leaves them after death.
@_date: 2018-07-16 20:58:11


Ahhh so it's both. If only there was a word for network participants and the standard they use to communicate and accomplish tasks. Could we call it a PROTOCOL? and we'll call the datatype our protocol uses a Blockchain! Brilliant.


The white paper is not a reference document to Bitcoin and describes a system that is not implemented as Bitcoin. It is a historical document and little else. It does not reflect reality of the BTC network.


I like that this made your brain explode and have a tourettes fit. Do you actually not know this or think it's not true? I'm not going to bother citing you sources you won't read, I'm going to let you continue thinking Bitcoin consensus is defined by the longest chain and not the most accumulated proof of work. You being so stupid and so excitable about it is fucking fantastic.
Again, keep quoting the white paper - it doesn't refer to the Bitcoin you use. Bitcoin does not meet the whitepapers implementation definition and hasn't for the vast majority of its existence.
How many things are you going to be publicly and obnoxiously wrong about before shame catches up to you?
1 more spasm?
@_date: 2018-07-04 02:46:11
I mean exactly what the link says, if you missed that edit. Assets are confidential and cryptographically provable.
Edit: Liquid isn't a solution for transforming physical assets into digital ones if that's what you mean. For that you need an attestation of some kind from an oracle. But think about digital assets, or physical assets that can be tracked digitally.
@_date: 2018-07-14 19:11:07
I LOVE ALL THESE CONFERENCE VIDEOS!
@_date: 2015-09-08 01:34:41
Why do you find the need to concoct elaborate conspiracy theories to explain the negativity you're experiencing? It should be an observable reality that public figures make missteps frequently and when they do the public outcry can be explosive. You are just another public figure with an unpopular opinion, why can't you see that? Why must there be anyone to blame but you and the words you've written?
@_date: 2019-09-05 15:30:15
Good luck. You're less likely to hack me than you are a hardware wallet because unlike you I take my security very seriously.
@_date: 2018-07-02 17:57:58
Bitcoin isn't concealing itself to infiltrate the institution, the institution is doing what they have always done and calling it "Bitcoin". It's a take over not an infiltration. Evidence: The NYA, S2X, the fact that "Bitcoin" users on Coinbase don't interact with Bitcoin as a token, protocol, or security mechanism in any way shape or form.
They are not promoting Bitcoin, they are promoting Coinbasecoin and calling it Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-27 17:41:05
The answer you are looking for is "There is nothing you can do. Properly encrypted documents are equally as unrecoverable by you as they are international law enforcement" Sorry friend.
@_date: 2018-07-16 21:24:50
He is quoting people who quote the white paper, jesus you are clinically dense. If you don't want to understand that the chain length isn't a mechanism of consensus I can't make you. The willfully ignorant are always going to stay that way, which is why my primary purpose here is in enjoying your ridiculous outburts and not changing your mind.
On that note, spasm for me?
@_date: 2018-07-02 16:33:58
Then you are wrong and should just invest in GBTC through your bank. You aren't using Bitcoin. Not your keys not your coins.
Coinbase users are not Bitcoin users until they exit Coinbase. The entire point of Bitcoin is it enables a new kind of financial independence and sovereignty. You are throwing away everything Bitcoin is to make it identical to the financial products you already have because you don't understand Bitcoins value proposition you just want to get rich. People supporting Coinbase are killing this ecosystem.
@_date: 2018-02-09 13:24:35
Where do I get one of those tinfoil hates that allows me to assuredly jump to outrageous conclusions with no supporting evidence?
@_date: 2019-09-13 17:31:47
Not without reason. They literally attacked the protocol and continually demonstrate they are bad actors.
@_date: 2018-07-22 16:18:22
What you are suggesting won't happen. Bitcoin has its own version of internal time and it is always measured in blocks. This is because while the average is ten minute it is often not ten minutes. Any version of time relying on minutes and seconds would fail miserably.
@_date: 2019-09-05 03:36:56
I feel bad for you. Don't know how to secure your coins, can't contribute to a coherent conversation.  It's kind of sad.
@_date: 2018-07-11 21:06:01
It isn't impossible for a full node to act maliciously towards an SPV wallet, including lying about a balance. It is impossible to steal from the SPV wallet, but trivial to lie to it. The currently stickied talk from building bitcoin goes into this in depth and other ways a full node may act maliciously towards an SPV wallet.
@_date: 2018-07-03 14:54:36


Yes. Bitcoin is not a financial vehicle with any safeguards enabling custody.  Fiat or credit are infinitely better tools for that job.
Bitcoin entering and sitting in coinbase doesn't help anyone but coinbase and certainly doesn't help the whole ecosystem.
@_date: 2018-07-16 04:37:22
Bitcoin is a protocol. Clients make up the principle participants and constructors of the protocol. To say that a fork is only a fork of the Bitcoin blockchain is an unreasonably narrow definition. Fork is a very common term in programming and we all know exactly what we are referring to when we say a fork of Bitcoin - and it isn't a fork of the blockchain. We have been refering to again for example Litecoin as the principle fork of Bitcoin since it's inception.
@_date: 2018-07-06 19:04:10
My god it was just too on point!
@_date: 2019-09-24 21:54:05
No doxxing please. Even of obvious lying trolls.
@_date: 2017-10-28 17:39:37
Been listening to this song every time price is at an ATH since it came out, love it. We need more bitcoin music out there.
@_date: 2017-10-11 20:15:30
It means bitcoin is splitting and you may only get one side of the split if you stay on coinbase and gdax. To get both you should withdraw to a wallet you control.
@_date: 2019-09-11 17:32:51
First, questions like this are better directed at mod mail and I'll be closing this thread as well.
Second, it was removed because giveaways are against the rules of the sub and the sole purpose of the giveaway was self promotion - something we only allow once per new business or major new product. You can see these rules outlined in the sidebar.
@_date: 2018-07-16 18:21:45
When someone says Bitcoin forked it has traditionally refered to a the definitions provided in your link which I just quoted back to you and you refuse to use. Every time you misuse the word fork to refer explicitly to perpetuating hard forks you are wrong again.
@_date: 2018-07-20 23:47:58
It is very clear from this paper that the number of people who understand the tech properly are a minority and they do not impact return performance.
@_date: 2018-07-02 18:09:30
I want more adoption in Bitcoin. I do not want more adoption in Coinbasecoin, a company which has explicitly attacked the protocol repeatedly.
The logic is as simple as Coinbase users == not using bitcoin. I want people to use Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-09-11 18:55:48
You can quote using the '&gt; quoted text' syntax assuming your on old reddit or the quote button in the rich text editor on the new reddit.
If someone is posting a prediction in the daily thread without asking for subscribers or linking outside reddit it is very different than making a new front page cluttering post and promoting an outside link asking for subscribers.
Consider that there are over a million other people in this sub, many of them with youtube channels and facebook pages and websites they all want subscribers to. Enabling this to be a hub for that kind of promotion would severely degrade the quality of the front page.
@_date: 2018-07-03 03:13:12


You're insured up to 200k so that's the limit to which you can "trust" that. And even then, the bank gets to tell you who you can and cannot send money to. Live in a legal marijuana state? Don't try to open a business with it you won't be able to get a bank account. Don't try to buy Bitcoin with some banks, they'll close your account. It's not your money it's theirs they just let you use it sometimes.
I get compensated in CAD, BTC, and equity.
Yes you can lend money with BTC. I have made a good bit on BTC loan interest. I do travel the world and pay with my BTC. Nothing you're saying is something I don't do. You really just have no idea what you're talking about.
@_date: 2018-07-31 06:16:42
Another day, another altcoin spam article
@_date: 2018-07-16 17:35:20
Yeah, it is - and you've been using the wrong term to refer to it as your link makes clear. You are referring to hardforks, not even just hardforks you are referring to intentional and sustained hardforks. Everything you have said about "forks" is wrong as noted on the pages you link. You make the exact mistake that page warns about throughout this conversation by calling hardforks forks and insisting that my description (and the description you link) of fork aren't accurate.
One more spasm? Please?
@_date: 2018-07-16 18:54:57
I'm really unhappy your firm and others are offering these custodial services they seem so ill prepared to handle. I'm half-hoping that there are a rash of security breaches against custodial services just to educate the general population that if they can't work their phone Bitcoin isn't for them. The only time a user who can't use their phone should be owning Bitcoin is when they do so without ever even knowing it, say as fraud protection or as behind the scenes escrow.
It's being your own bank, the getting rich off an investment part is just secondary. If you can't be your own bank you don't have any business chasing this dragon.
@_date: 2018-07-16 17:54:58


And that is a factually incorrect statement based on everything you've linked. Replace 'fork' with  'persistent and in use hardfork' and maybe you have something - because there have even been tons of "hardforks" before BCH.
 If you use just "fork" the way you keep doing it makes me right, so quite being so self defeating and use the right terms.
Again again! Spasm again!
@_date: 2018-07-17 03:46:52
I've already done all the things you ask and provided supporting evidence and reasoning - you just didn't hear it.
It's not an assertion, the evidence is laid out before us in real time.
Can't. Stop. Yourself.
I love you.
@_date: 2018-02-12 18:22:33
If you can't do it safely you're right not to do it. That said, it can be done safely.
1. Move your BTC
2. Setup a VM to install trojans in
3. Install risky clients in VM and sync if necessary
4. Import your old private key that no longer has any BTC attached to it into the risky clients as simultaneously as possible or in order of value.
5. Withdraw altcoin to shady chinese exchange
6. Sell
7. Escape shady exchange with BTC as quickly as possible.
@_date: 2018-02-24 17:05:20
Until there is an active attack in progress unable to be thwarted by any other means PoW won't be changed. It is a last ditch safety measure with dire consequence, like chopping off a limb to save the body. If Cobra wants it so bad he should take a note from Wu and make CobraCoin.
@_date: 2018-07-16 05:39:42
So a use of the word predating Bitcoin all together, let alone in specific usage with Bitcoin for years before the first blockchain fork no longer refers to it's classical definition in less than a year? That's the only thing that's ridiculous.
Many blockchains with different genesis blocks are forks of Bitcoin. Many many many.
@_date: 2018-07-02 01:51:12
As someone who uses a homebrewed security setup I often am paranoid at reinventing the wheel and screwing it up. I have to quadruple check everything, test every line of code as thoroughly as possible. Sometimes I look at myself and think I am such a fool for homebrewing all this, then I look at incidents like this and I feel my avoidance of mainstream storage solutions is completely justified. I don't think that's likely because my solutions are more secure, though they may be, but because I am a much smaller and abnormal target.
@_date: 2018-07-11 21:11:39
As an SPV wallet, how would you know the difference unless you check with another honest full node?
I explicitly said it wasn't that, just clarifying that it is very possible for nodes to act maliciously towards SPV users including faking a theft if they wanted to.
@_date: 2018-07-27 07:37:10
@_date: 2017-10-06 03:34:15
You've been able to short btc with a pretty much unlimited order book for years now. Everyone who has held shorts for long durations has been rekt. Tell your friend to put their money where their mouth is, because people who have been following this exact train of thought are currently broke.
@_date: 2018-07-13 19:15:18


So instead of giving me an example as you promised you insist I don't need it. I need it because my client doesn't trust the state of the funds at a given moment.


Being your own bank isn't holding a private key under your mattress. That is not how I do enterprise or personal security. Drug dealers having their funds seized is not the same as funds being seized from a smart contract with specific release conditions.


It means we can only access the funds as described by the terms of the locking script. They aren't available for us to misuse except in the limited terms described both legally and in our locking script. Again, my intention is to increase the complexity of that locking script beyond checkmultsigverify.
The fraud you're talking about happens at custodial exchanges which is exactly what the solution we are using avoids. We can't misuse the funds. it's amazing how good you are at pointing out reasons why this Bitcoin solution is superior to traditional custodial alternatives! You do get it!


So proud of you, learning about cash and carry arbs! You should read it though, not just link it:




The arb is just icing on the cake, this is a solution that ended up making this client money. It won't always, but it will still be cheaper once we get the lawyer out. this is a transition from centralized solutions to increasingly decentralized ones where appropriate.


They don't have the unique trustless properties that makes this a valuable solution in this escrow. There are other traditional solutions to this problem, but the Bitcoin solution has advantages our client values - and maybe others will too. I hope we expand it.
You're welcome for the lesson, I hope you learned something because it sounds like you're getting closer to reason.
@_date: 2015-09-17 19:25:24
The hidden camera footage in the article clearly shows the disclosing of using the coins to purchase stolen identities by the undercover cop to the suspect, the article somehow misses this point entirely. There's no bitcoin related crime that occurred here just 18 USC 1960 like n0mdep suggests. This guy was probably targeted though due to his experience with bitcoins and his likeliness to cooperate when threatened. For the conviction to be held as a PR trophy is also quite remarkable considering its total lack of implications. There's no specialized knowledge this person has which can't be gathered traditionally for no additional cost and the streets of Miami are not tangibly safer, it makes you wonder if the chest pounding wasn't the point of it all in the first place.
@_date: 2019-09-09 16:02:15
What if the reason for bitcoin's crash is an inflation bug creating billions of coins at will or a consensus fork and there are now dozens of bitcoin tips? The basis of your strategy being "bitcoin's limited supply" isn't assured under all possible failure conditions.
People saying bitcoin could never go to 0 are short sighted IMO. Probability is it won't but anything is possible.
@_date: 2018-07-23 17:27:01
Nothing makes me more proud of Satoshi than watching Vitalik - who is a very smart and accomplished guy - hurt the work he is doing by continuing to be *the* leading voice. So so so much respect for Satoshi for loving something enough to let it go and become what she/he/they always dreamed it could be.
@_date: 2018-07-27 16:35:03
Lololol, money badger doesn't give a fuck. Look at that green, what a gross bear trap.
@_date: 2018-07-02 19:14:28
The people who buy and transfer out are not the people I am talking about, transfering out makes them a Bitcoin user using the Bitcoin protocol and it makes Coinbase non-custodial. Unfortunately that doesn't describe the majority of their users or economic throughput. If Coinbase did everything in their power to encourage and teach their users to secure their own Bitcoin (and would stop trying to usurp the protocol) I would have a lot nicer things to say about them.
I do not believe I would be pressed to find another source of real adoption. The vast majority of the worlds adoption has not gone through Coinbase.
@_date: 2018-07-14 22:08:22
If you use them just don't keep your coins with them. In and out. Bitcoin is a learning experience, a long one.
@_date: 2019-09-13 17:26:50
No shame in using your money. Congrats on getting yourself out of that debt!
@_date: 2018-07-12 00:57:57




@_date: 2019-09-13 17:42:09
You should ask in the r/BTC subreddit (which is a BCH subreddit). This post is off topic for this subreddit and won't show up for anyone else but mods.
@_date: 2018-07-02 20:56:07


You go to war against a government but you can't attack it directly, the people supporting them are the ones you end up shooting to take the government down. No different with a hostile business trying to destroy this movement, it's their customers that end up suffering in the crossfire. Coinbase won't stop being custodial while consumers have any confidence in them.
@_date: 2018-07-26 20:55:46
It isn't for the many reasons I have specified. Again no alts, no traditional financial products. Take it to r/cryptocurrency or r/wallstreetbets
@_date: 2018-07-17 00:53:48
If you're trolling you're really bad at it. You just sound stupid and I sound like I am laughing at you. That's some terrible trolling. You're supposed to make the other person mad - the way you are because you keep over reacting you spasm.
@_date: 2016-10-20 18:09:00
How do you feel about the characterization that you aren't building a social media platform as much as you are a gambling platform?
Selling this idea as a social media platform seems really disingenuous to me. The curation mechanism is easily gamed by companies seeking discounted advertising, discounted because they stand to recoup a significant sum of their advertising budget through kickbacks if not outright profit. By design it doesn't seem to function as a social platform or content aggregation platform nearly as well as it will function as a platform for investment, gambling, and sponsored advertising.
I think it's a cool idea as a gambling and sponsored content/advertising platform, but I am really not keen on the way you are selling 'Yours'.
@_date: 2018-07-21 01:08:19
Why do you feel it is a dichotomy of those two options? As others have pointed out there are other services which don't rely on Coinbase.
Buying government bonds is to support a government. Buying a stock supports that company. Buying Bitcoin via Coinbase is supporting Coinbase. Not sure what mental hoops you are jumping through to convince yourself otherwise.
If coinbase falls crypto in the US doesn't fall,that is the ENTIRE point of crypto.
@_date: 2018-07-13 00:00:49


One with enforceable contracts AND Bitcoin. In the real world it doesn't matter what there is to enforce if a company doesn't have the assets. You are a moron.
@_date: 2018-07-15 16:06:36
I'm reading the white paper but all I see is a centralized side chain operated by party "E" as described in the paper. What am I missing?
I'm more excited about SPV Bitcoin pegs and atomic swaps across lightning and adaptor sigs which I think will enable robust private sidechains using Bitcoin units.
@_date: 2018-04-22 17:28:50
I don't see Bitcoin the same way you do. Bitcoin isn't cash, it is trust. It works regardless of what the fee is. The most important thing for the network is maintaining decentralization and scalability, both of which would be diminished by expanding the blocksize or weight limit without good justification.
If their comes a point where scaling cannot succeed because of a lack of onchain space for layers to responsibly function and all other optimizations have been considered and deployed, then it may be time to have that conversation. That time clearly isn't now.
@_date: 2018-07-05 18:50:34
Cypherpunks: The Bank of International Settlements will either be adopting 'cypherpunk' money or become irrelevant in the next 50 years. We're changing the way your industry works whether you like it or not so grab a pen and paper and take some notes.
@_date: 2018-07-17 17:37:07
Someone with coworkers who he has to talk to all day but doesn't consider friends? When you get a job you may find yourself carrying on conversations all day with people you otherwise wouldn't.
Is that worth another spasm? I think so!
@_date: 2018-07-15 19:50:56


Again, bullshit. If you bothered looking at the link to BTC output per day you'd see these trends are recurring and happen in a time span longer than 7 months. Bitcoin is very clearly maintaining these patterns and on a larger scale than it ever has before.
Take your fear mongering to somewhere with people less exposed to the transparency of facts about the blockchain. No one here needs to trust your statements, they are provably false.
@_date: 2018-04-15 15:57:48
No, I don't. The only editorialized content I consume relating to BTC is for the knowledge of what absurd bullshit the media is presenting about Bitcoin to the masses. It's entertainment at their incompetence not informative.
@_date: 2018-04-22 23:24:01
"even if I know they don't"
He's not actually asking for an answer. He sometimes knows the answer before he even asks.
@_date: 2018-07-16 20:04:33


Yeah. they all said that fork meant something else and you meant to use hardfork, but we now know that's not even true as you didn't mean hardfork, you meant a hardfork with multiple perpetuating chains.
Quote for me **ANY DEFINITION ANYWHERE** that agrees with yours.
Even by the definitions you continue to cite such as:


It is clear that that includes ALL HARDFORKS including even ones that are not being currently mined such as the Aug 8 2010 one as you could start mining now if you chose and it contains a shared blockchain history back to the genesis block.
You are presenting all of this evidence against yourself. I'm not involved.
Also since you seem to be having some sort of Tourette's like tic happening I will say again Bitcoin is a protocol. It is not it's blockchain. We know this because the blockchain is a principle component of Bitcoin and thus necessarily cannot itself BE BITCOIN.
But I'll take another spasm!
@_date: 2018-07-11 21:33:26
The specific companies doing your manufacturing, the size and dates of your chip batches, example chips and final units in the hands of community members. You will need to provide a seemingly unreasonable amount of transparency if you expect anyone to take you seriously, since your claim is fantastic.
You will also have to provide your first offering at a steep discount and limited supply to earn trust, but you can compensate by jacking up prices and volumes on 2nd+ batches.
You had a June 30 batch, why are those not in the hands of customers? Lets us get their reports and tests.
Everything about this smells of a scam, you better produce some evidence of this operation.
@_date: 2018-04-15 15:52:39
Commit as much time as you want, my point is that with even just 15 minutes a day an investor can be reasonably informed without resorting to tertiary sources and editorialized content.
@_date: 2018-07-31 22:15:29




The benefits are you get to earn additional Bitcoin fees in exchange for mining and propagating RSK blocks.
@_date: 2019-09-24 22:10:39
It's a reasonable question, but I tend to err on the side of caution on issues of privacy in a Bitcoin subreddit. We don't need to know this persons full name or location or full employment history to know they are a liar. All this can lead to is harassment. Maybe another mod will disagree and reapprove your comment, but that's my limited thinking on the matter for you.
Edit:They have since re-doxxed themselves. Crazy people inviting crazy things.
@_date: 2018-04-22 22:47:09
Asking everywhere you spend fiat to take bitcoin even if you know they won't is evangelizing in the worst way. It's unsolicited, it's selfish (you're doing it despite knowing in some instance the answer is no, so the only thing you're accomplishing is stroking your own ego). Call it being a door to door missionary, call it being a telemarketer - doesn't matter. The employees at these businesses are just trying to do their job and 9/10 interactions you have with fiat will not be made with the business owner directly. Anyone who does what the OP is suggesting is wasting everyones time and making bitcoin supporters everywhere seem more annoying.
@_date: 2018-04-16 14:30:49
I surely do not have a superior method for estimating users and their impact on the ecosystem. It's something I see a lot of research struggle with. Thanks for your thoughts on this problem.
@_date: 2018-04-07 14:03:08
It took a lot more than 7 years for the internet to become widely adopted and for significant layers to be built together to create what is currently perceived as the internet. They were using TCP/IP in Arpanet in the 60's .
@_date: 2018-02-11 14:47:59
I've gone blue in the face trying to explain this to laymen. To them an authority is entirely natural, if anything it is Bitcoin who is doing things in an incoherent manner with its leaderless volunteer driven development. How can being hacked and have that reversed be a bad thing?
I think it is a culture problem. People are having difficulty digesting concepts which are further removed from their norms.
@_date: 2018-04-27 17:52:48
I never thought about it like that. A virtual cat simulator is fundamental, we need that as a base protocol property or none of the additional layers will be able to benefit from the universally agreed upon properties of virtual cats! Without it we will be in a virtual cat anarchy!
@_date: 2017-10-09 04:41:42
This post is mocking the lack of success in price and market density of Bitcoin Cash, one of Bitcoins many competitors and clones. Bitcoin Cash is focused on transactions per block as opposed to decentralization like Bitcoin is. These clones like to market themselves as the "real" bitcoin (there are about a half dozen at this point) but as you can see by the right axis, these coins are worth a fraction of what Bitcoin is worth and have very shallow markets.
@_date: 2018-07-01 20:02:10
I like the part where they insist you need to check the first and last characters of an address, but would be better off manually checking each character.
Someone doesn't realize the end of a BTC address is a checksum. If the last 8 characters are correct the address is correct, save a collision.
@_date: 2015-04-03 16:38:42
Bitcoin is actually massively inefficient as a distributed centralized database. Querying read and write times to a comparable distributed relational cluster would be thousands of times faster and require orders less performance. No CPU time spent hashing redundantly, no hard limits on when you can and cannot write to the databases. Relational cluster databases are literally made for this job. Your comparison to the borrowing of torrent technologies for centralized pairing doesn't hold water, the blockchain is a horrible database system for a trusted centralized cluster.
@_date: 2018-04-05 15:21:36
I expect it's one time for that atm operator and address. They and anyone who gains access to their records will know that btc address is you. Anyone else though would have no idea and may require the same verification again.
@_date: 2019-09-18 06:23:14
I don't know what your original link is but I hate it. Why didn't you just link to the original source in the first place?
Edit: ah, I see. Because it's a repost of something already on the front page
@_date: 2018-04-08 15:40:05
How does this at all relate to your unrecoverable funds?
This issue will only affect your ability to update the app through google play, not to close your channels or the general functioning of the app installed on your phone.
@_date: 2018-04-28 22:29:57
Use whatever units you want but don't expect anyone else to follow you. People have been having this argument since at least 2013 and that's not going to change. I personally will continue using units of bitcoin, satoshi, and msatoshi as a given interface requires. 
@_date: 2018-04-15 03:19:53
They could attack BCH at any point. BCH has only 10% of BTC's hashrate, there are many actors with more hashrate mining BTC than the entire BCH network - a double spend attack is stopped strictly by benevolence right now. 
It would be trivial for these large miners to begin mining in secret on the BCH chain from a forking point of their choosing, withhold the longer chain for as long as necessary to commit fraud against an exchange and exit, then publish the longer chain potentially reversing all the transactions between then time of resolution and the fork point, including the attackers deposits.
There was a video of one of the exchanges CTOs explaining this I wish I could remember and find right now as an explanation for why they wouldn't consider adding BCH. It's a very real attack vector that is possible at any time.
@_date: 2018-07-13 14:18:06
I don't know of any cryptographically transparent and unspendable assets with global multi party ownership that cannot be spent or mismanaged - do you?
I've been right about Bitcoin for longer than you have known what it is. The best part about me being continually right and you being continually wrong is that even at -70% from the ATH I am up thousands of percent - because again unlike you I understand Bitcoins use cases.
I hope you enjoy not being part of the financial revolution as much as I have being part of it.
@_date: 2018-04-24 13:34:15
It does matter. The only eventual subconscious effect will be annoyance.
@_date: 2018-04-26 22:09:45
The cost of mining, AKA the cost to attack - is going up. That's because our network is maturing and so is its security. If you want BTC you don't need to use an exchange, trade it peer to peer. Any individual can run a full node and act as a fully validating participant in the network.
@_date: 2018-04-28 23:36:04
It won't need to be done. It didn't need to be done at $100, $1000, or $10000. If it is the need you describe why has it shown no discernible impact on Bitcoins ability to continue evolving and penetrating the market?
The only benefits you describe are psychological and related to adoption. People will buy bitcoin because it has value to them. Those that would have bought because the numbers were pretty in their heads shouldn't be buying at all.
@_date: 2018-04-13 16:23:07
In this paper you note that modelling the value of DN's "is not an easy task" and that "We consider some simplifications to keep the analysis tractable."
How concerned are you with the impacts simplifying this model has on your conclusions?
An example: "In the case of DNs, such as Bitcoin, a helpful feature is its digital P2P character: all users and verifiers are connected to each other and thus the topology is near-complete." Is this a valid assumption when no mechanism in the network topology identifies "users"? It seems that any definition for users should expand beyond full nodes especially when considering valuation.
Haven't read the entire paper in depth, but at first glance it looks like it will be worth coming back to.
@_date: 2016-10-20 18:30:23
If I'm understanding you correctly, your intent is to use a viral content prediction market as the 'bootstrap' to sustain the introduction of ad hoc micro-economies (powered by the microtransaction wallet in the video above), with these micro-economies being programmed and managed by their decentralized populations?
If I am understanding the end goal correctly that's quite interesting! It leaves me with a thousand other questions, I'd love it if you did an AMA.
@_date: 2018-04-15 17:21:17
Most fraud is prosecuted against people using fiat by an enormous margin. Not sure where OP is getting his info.
@_date: 2018-04-19 14:27:45
I am willing to bet only a fraction of user in Ethereum even know what RSK is or how it differs from Eth. Only a fraction of Bitcoin users even know. That's because when you don't have to publicly raise money before the project releases you don't need a marketing department.
@_date: 2019-09-18 02:53:35
I only mention it because about half of mod mail is people requesting to be unbanned for posts they similarly believe innocuous. I think it's also difficult to discern context of posts when going through the modqueue on .old, and with the sheer volume it's easy to end up removing comments like yours or even temp ban the user.
@_date: 2019-09-24 17:16:17


Then put some of your businesses resources into Bitcoin development work if you consider your time too important to waste on it. Compiling is a trivial process, if you can't be arsed to compile you are demonstrating you aren't willing to put in the smallest amount of effort to solve your own problems. No one is forcing you to do anything, just compile how you want. More than that, I will bet you ANYTHING that you aren't using BIP70 since it's GUI only and business services tun on bitcoind. So what specifically is your business use case and work flow look like that depending on BIP70 in the released binaries is such bitcoin deal breaker for you?
@_date: 2018-07-29 05:25:55
It's almost assuredly not worth it financially, but it might be fun to learn.
@_date: 2018-07-03 19:21:15
They haven't succeeded yet, and their previous failures have led to them attempting to circumvent the Bitcoin network all together. They are strongly supporting BCH because BCH enabled the changes coinbase wanted to see in BTC.
The base layers isn't going to vanish if Coinbase pumps a million new users into BCH, but it is going to have to endure the kind of attacks BCH is currently at risk of if BCH grows. These aren't simple attacks but highly sophisticated attacks predicated on millions of users under your thumb and billions of dollars. I can't at will redirect traffic to Bitcoin Cash by the millions while presenting it as Bitcoin, can you?
@_date: 2017-10-14 18:07:09
This is the problem with the businesses in the bitcoin space - no concern at all for decentralization just for acquiring users and making decisions on their behalf for the best user experience because the best user experience equates to more money in their pocket.
Tony Gallippi and Bitpays priorities are not my priorities. I care about decentralization first and foremost, without decentralization we are at the whims of companies and governments. Everything else has to come second.
There's a way to have decentralization and scaling and a good user experience, but why would these companies care to when it's harder than just maxing blocksize? We need to make them care by taking away their customers and campaigning against them.
@_date: 2018-04-09 13:12:46
So does tabloid journalism. People want drama and lies. Doesn't make it a good place to get news.
@_date: 2018-04-25 16:29:49
You know how we know the security model works? We're under constant attack. There have been thousands of altcoins for half Bitcoins life now, we experienced a mutli year spam attack, we survived a single ASIC manufacturer gaining dominance, we are under constant threat of companies attempting to subvert our network for their own needs like Bitpay and Coinbase did with s2x and 90% of the businesses in the Bitcoin space, and we are always under the threat of (or in some countries imposed) government ban. Every single one of the described attack vectors has been in active use for years now and we're still here. That is evidence of our decentralization in action. There is no denying it. If we weren't decentralized we wouldn't be here to have this conversation.
@_date: 2018-04-24 17:29:29
It's true, calling out the bitcoin foundation for being unnecessary and aligned with corporate interests feels like 2013. Feels good to come full circle.
@_date: 2018-04-08 17:41:55
hahaha did they suspend it again? I saw it was up about an hour ago.
@_date: 2018-04-14 23:27:17
I don't know what that means but I take your many ellipses and winky face to be ominous.
@_date: 2018-04-14 18:48:51
Good on you and congratulations. I'm glad to see the ecosystem evolving (relatively) rapidly after so many years of infighting.
@_date: 2018-04-14 15:57:40
Blockstream released [PayPerCall]( for this exact purpose, this isn't a world first.
@_date: 2018-04-23 15:00:10
Most terrible TA predictions don't include the prognosticator returning to the scene of the crime. Do you feel any guilt about misleading people to sell the bottom?
@_date: 2018-04-19 01:51:46
On chain smart contracts: 
Layered drivechains smart contracts: 
@_date: 2018-04-13 13:58:34
Someone has been making a concerted effort to raise Cobra out of obscurity. Why? Stop talking about this lunatic.
@_date: 2018-04-08 17:25:44
Welcome to the open source model. We expect you to look after yourself when choosing the software you run. Some may call it cruel and fostering of scams, and to a degree it is, but it's also necessary to innovate without permission. If we want to be able to build on bitcoin without limits and without a central foundation controlling it that means we need to accept that some people will abuse that. I say it's well worth the cost.
@_date: 2018-04-02 14:13:12
Bitcoin is not PoS, its distribution as a token does not relate to centralization.
@_date: 2018-04-27 03:46:14
I'm telling you what is technically possible. 10MB is over double the size of a full single block. It didn't happen.
@_date: 2018-04-13 13:41:21
I absolutely believe we will be able to create more transparent, accountable governments through Bitcoin and smart contracts. Imagine if the electorate had the capacity to oust an abusive government simply by voting to hold an election and in the process revoked all funding for the government via smart contract. Events like the Arab Spring would have suffered far fewer casualties, there probably wouldn't be a war in Syria. Militaries and mercenaries don't abuse people when they don't get paid.
@_date: 2018-04-02 16:58:53
It reduces liquidity and the value of BTC rises. If governments start to hold BTC as a reserve currency the way they do gold and USD (some already do) it becomes a huge new demand for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-07 16:19:37
Both. Just wait, you'll see eternal damnation and the far side of the moon. It's never either or.
@_date: 2018-07-16 20:25:10
Do you read in any of those definitions you cite a requirement that a fork refer to a chain with active network participants? Yes or no?
The reason it is "no" is because you made up a definition on the spot to try to be right, that is what you have done all conversation. You are proven wrong then change your definition while continuing to insist that everyone else agrees with your ever changing definition.
No one reading this conversation would think I don't know what a blockchain is, though they may wonder why I derive so much joy from watching you meltdown.
S P A S M?
@_date: 2018-04-28 15:19:27
I'm a horrible person, and when I meet people who are willfully ignorant or think crypto is a get rich scheme I tend to verbally brow beat them for being incoherently stupid. Rolling around in the mud with an idiot will typically get people to stop listening to both of you, which is a far superior outcome for those would-be-scammed newbs than letting them drink  that retards koolaid. I feel similarly about Bcash evangelicals.
@_date: 2018-04-05 16:34:02
You've got it backwards, using bitcoin.com wallets is the scam.
@_date: 2018-04-19 01:56:44
In every way RSK is a generation ahead of Ethereum. There is no ICO or token, it relies entirely on Bitcoin to function and for decentralization. It has much more optimized resource usage including disposable state data so the chain can prune itself. It is in every way what Ethereum should have been - a layered solution on top of Bitcoin enabling full interoperability and segregation from the main chain for scaling and safety. It even runs exactly the same code Ethereum does for smart contracts by reimplementing the EVM. It is Ethereum 2.0
@_date: 2018-04-23 00:58:11
I think topping up a channel is a fairly low priority transaction, and high priority transactions like fraud proofs can consume the entirety of the offenders channel balance in fees if they want to. 
Segwit adoption takes time. Lightning adoption takes time. When these technologies aren't fully adopted and the network gets maliciously attacked you should expect fees to rise. That's how the network defends itself. If we bumped up the block size every single time we were attacked the way a dynamic block size would we would end up storing limitless attack data on chain forever.
A high fee bitcoin is still a completely working bitcoin. I've had to pay a $50 fee. It was worth it to be able to use bitcoin despite being attacked and be included in the next block. Any other service experiencing a resource consumption attack like that would have been entirely unavailable.
@_date: 2018-04-25 20:37:14
A protocol is literally a shared set of rules, a consensus. A decentralized protocol is one which has no single point of failure. Taking out one or many participants does not disable the protocol.
Decentralization is not a binary property. Its strengths and weaknesses vary by implementation in protocols and hierarchical models - of which bitcoin is definitively not.  Every node and every hash are equal there is no hierarchy just a division of labor.
@_date: 2018-04-19 15:01:33
There have been deliberately dishonest attacks on bitcoin, and people have fallen for them too. About 10% of the community judging by Bcash. Does that make every stupid person, or tricked person, or conspiracy theorist **deliberate** in their attack? I'm not so sure. They think they are being measured and reasonable. No one thinks that they are a conspiracy theorist or were dumb enough to fall for propaganda. Of course they rally together and find support among each other to validate their ideas. What else would anyone have expected to happen? By removing their insanity from this community we effectively gave up on ever convincing them they are wrong, hardened their belief that they are correct, and personally motivated them to evangelize against us. That's what has caused the Bcash movement.
@_date: 2018-07-03 18:06:00
Yes, if someone chooses to use coinbase instead of Bitcoin or a bank instead of Bitcoin they are free to do so, but when they are enabling a party that is attacking Bitcoin they open themselves up to the crossfire. Coinbase is a bad corporate citizen in this space. End of story, don't give them business. I won't shed a tear for anyone who loses money in any custodial exchange hack, least of all those users of custodial exchanges that have been attacking the network.
@_date: 2018-04-08 14:43:19
That article is really poorly written. None of the authors observations are inherently wrong, just very short sighted. He's right to say there are too many centralized points of failure in the Bitcoin ecosystem, but every day that situation is improving with protocols like Bisq. He's right to say people are applying blockchain as solutions to problems that don't exist, but he's also ignoring real and relevant use cases of Bitcoin.
The move from centralized to decentralized trust will take decades. I think people have been tricked by the rapid pace of the post dot-com internet company development boom into thinking that's the speed at which protocols mature and evolve - but it's not. So very few people critical from the outside have an appreciation for how early days it still is. It's like those people in videos from 1994 shitting on the internet - their criticisms weren't wrong based on their observations at the time, they just lacked the foresight to see what it would become. Same is true for this author.
@_date: 2018-04-06 18:38:40
Just get any job you would otherwise get and ask to be paid in Bitcoin. If they won't pay you in Bitcoin convert your wage to Bitcoin. It's no big deal either way.
@_date: 2018-04-19 00:28:59
Why would it make you bullish on ethereum to know bitcoin can do everything it can, except without burdening the main chain with security issues and even heavier resource consumption?
@_date: 2018-04-19 12:02:40
@_date: 2018-04-19 12:29:29
I think history serves to show ICOs are thinly veiled means of circumventing securities laws. The vast majority of ICOs have been scams and failed projects. RSK will I am sure be used by people making erc20 tokens since the same code will work, but at least the platform itself cannot have an ICO. Having an ICO immediately calls into question legitimacy of a project.
@_date: 2018-04-10 16:36:35
There are good reasons to be a Bitcoin maximalist. 99% of jobs do not need to reinvent the blockchain, those that do should be bound to Bitcoin to give their blockchain attributes of trust and decentralization, like RSK. Altcoins are at best an experimental space where valuable innovations are later adopted to Bitcoin and layers built on top of it. They otherwise have very little value proposition.
@_date: 2018-07-29 20:34:58
I see regional Visa or MC outages a couple times a year.
@_date: 2018-07-15 15:34:05
From ethical to scam, just like that.
@_date: 2018-04-28 16:04:42
Selling spot/bitmex futures and buying cbeo futures looks like a solid trade for an easy 4.5%
@_date: 2018-04-30 13:56:30
Good guy China, sees miner centralization and solves the problem by trying to get miners to leave.
@_date: 2018-04-02 15:38:22
No. There isn't. Either way the BTC gets sold - and if it didn't because the government wants to hold then that would be amazing and good. Why is this so hard for you to wrap your head around?
@_date: 2018-04-14 18:43:48
I love these attacks. They are such a compelling illustration of Bitcoins ability to handle resource consumption style attacks. No other service, if you attempt to consume the available resources to deny them to legitimate users (like a DDoS), actually forces the attacker to pays for the network security and infrastructure it is attempting to attack. I think it's brilliant, let them spend to their hearts content.
@_date: 2018-07-09 19:06:26
Why dream? Go explain it to people. That's what I'm doing here. It's more of a waking nightmare really.
@_date: 2018-04-30 19:39:45
I'm very interested in both this BIP and the RSK BIP. Elegant means of resolving state from off chain systems as well as SPV proofs are necessary improvements if we expect layers to exist without trusting more than the bitcoin security model.
If we have the same issues getting these BIPS or equivalent functionality soft forked in that we had with segwit I am going to kill myself.
@_date: 2018-04-26 14:43:44
I would like to see the RSK promoted BIP activated if RSK demonstrates it can achieve a significant percentage of Bitcoins hashpower. It would be nice to have an ethereum clone properly secured by the bitcoin security model and less secured by a federation.
@_date: 2018-04-17 13:32:07
Really puts you in the head space of a paranoid conspiracy theorist unable to accurately judge what's happening in front of them.
@_date: 2018-04-27 02:35:31
Yeah that didn't happen. I get you're a frustrated user but you didn't have a 10mb transaction. If you want to know what happened link the transaction, if you'd rather cry try to at least cry about things that are real and not in your imagination.
@_date: 2018-04-24 17:38:33
It's not retarded. Bitcoin is it's consensus code and its participants. Any entity without those things isn't Bitcoin. Have an honest argument or keep your insanity to yourself.
@_date: 2018-04-27 14:51:17
The issue is one of segregation. We don't want these bugs affecting the main chain. Ethereum has proven over and over how dangerous their environment is, the development team was very involved in the DAO construction and subsequent fork. If you can't trust the people who invented the road to build one, and you sacrifice your "code is law" mantra and decentralization to deal with the bugs, what does that say about the environment as a whole? The entire space is rife with vulnerable smart contracts.
This is why we have RSK. Segregated layers relying and resolving to Bitcoin are the appropriate way to implement risky feature sets.
@_date: 2018-04-04 00:08:40
Convert what? USD? Bitcoin? Altcoins? What are you talking about?
If you are using shapeshift I assume alts. Use an exchange, like bittrex or poloniex.
@_date: 2019-09-13 19:24:35
Keep every receipt and transaction ID from the BTC ATM, every communication with the scammer and every other scrap of information you have. Contact your local police and give them this information.
Unfortunately there is nothing anyone here can do. Bitcoin is a form of money that requires personal responsibility instead of trust in third parties. No one can reverse these transactions. 15k is a large amount, it's a very expensive lesson to learn.
@_date: 2018-04-13 14:32:43
I am saying I have seen many things more powerful than this image, I am saying many things have had more lasting impact than this protest and its unfolding.
Most specifically I'm saying your insistence that if people researched the whole incident they wouldn't be suggesting the OP has a lack of perspective is wrong, and that you also have a lack of perspective.
@_date: 2018-04-29 13:56:28
If you are using an exchange you are not using Bitcoin. The exchange is using Bitcoin, you are using exchange bucks.
@_date: 2018-04-19 13:02:06
The whole point of lightning and rsk is they have no token. To give them a token ruins their 1:1 Bitcoin peg and layered approach, i.e. the whole point. I wouldn't be interested in either project if the had their own token, why would anyone?
@_date: 2018-04-28 18:33:14
The current vision for casper still relies primarily on PoW while PoS is used for checkpointing - whether that provides additional security is debatable.
By all accounts Vitalik is a very intelligent and benevolent dictator. He has been an excellent steward of the protocol from any centralized or traditional perspective. Ethereum gains many beneficial properties from this relationship, including a strong advocate, educator, and properties of regulatory intervention (the DAO fiasco was resolved to the expectations of traditional antifraud measures as opposed to the priorities of decentralization). These are excellent properties if you are less interested in decentralization than you are redundancy and accountability. 
It's just not decentralization.
Edit: 
@_date: 2016-10-17 01:56:18
This would be great if the fees ever become reasonable. That 3% foreign conversion is a killer as a Canadian.
@_date: 2018-04-16 20:28:30
We cannot permit this ecosystem to reflect the existing traditional landscape. Companies like Coinbase and Bitpay, regardless of how much adoption they enable, are a poison to the community. Their strategies of acquisition will lead to monopolies in the bitcoin space, their historical tendency to use their size and money to influence protocol development is disturbing and could be the end of our decentralized model if we aren't careful. We must be vigilant in ushering users away from using these services and towards better corporate citizens and decentralized options where available.
@_date: 2018-04-04 18:53:18
They don't have to support the app if they don't want to. So long as someone does - it's open source. And if someone doesn't who cares - it is free money for no work. If you only sell a dozen copies before some fundamental and never fixed code problem renders it unusable, which seems absurdly unlikely, it cost you as the republisher nothing.
@_date: 2018-04-30 19:43:00
RSK is the Ethereum killer. No ICO, no token scam, no reinvention of the security model. It's what Ethereum should have been. Bitcoin is still going to win the smart contracts fight and we're going to do it through safe, segregated layers secured by the Bitcoin decentralized security model and funded by Bitcoins.
@_date: 2018-04-22 22:50:01
It's annoying and it makes bitcoin supporters on the whole seem more annoying. If you want to talk to a business owner about the potential for adopting bitcoin in their business make an appointment, you don't press the issue every time you are at the register even when you know the answer is no just to get attention.
@_date: 2018-04-13 13:37:23
Well, did you choose the country you were born in after copious research? If not it was probably sarcasm.
@_date: 2018-04-21 16:01:36
Brace for the hundreds of scam coins that will be pushed out of this. It's so sad/funny watching everyone lose their mind over blockchains and then give no consideration to the decentralized security model. Going to be one hell of an altcoin crash one of these years.
@_date: 2018-04-22 23:22:27
When you're young you take what work you can get. Though I may not work service anymore the OP is what you'd call "that guy". You don't want to be "that guy".
@_date: 2018-04-22 23:18:57
It's still a bad idea. If you want a business to change the way they do something you take it up with the owner or manager, not the cashier.
@_date: 2018-04-21 15:24:10
You mean bullish for the thousands of scam coins that will be pumped out of this service. What a horrible idea. "Let's build our own blockchains on top of Ethereum with our own mining schemes and centralized control and hosting!" I feel like most of the world has no understanding of the value proposition of a blockchain and is just getting in on the cash grab, including Amazon.
@_date: 2018-04-24 18:26:24
How many articles are we going to see on this today in this sub alone? This is the third I've commented on.
It's a very bad article. It assumes that there is no decentralized security model and people will flock to blockchain products that attack bitcoin. There's nothing of substance to see here and some MIT grad student should be embarrassed.
@_date: 2018-04-13 15:22:23
This isn't true at all. Guessing whether bitcoin will move or not with given news is a total crap shoot, as evidence by the many china bans. Remember when the ETF was denied at $1100 in January 2017? Start of the bull run despite being terrible news for speculators.
The market doesn't need to be less emotional, a subset of traders do.
@_date: 2018-04-29 02:44:10


Layers can do this as well, lightning operates on msatoshi.
@_date: 2018-04-17 00:10:44
They are abusing their influence, the evidence is as plain as the events of the last year. They are one Bitcoin user, not millions, and they are not entitled to direct the protocol.
In both the traditional world and the crypto world grassroots campaigns against corporations have significant positive effects. We see this over and over. Why is actively participating in the community against things that are harmful for the ecosystem to positive ends so unreal to you? Do you deny the impact of consumer driven campaigns against companies?
@_date: 2018-04-26 21:49:14
I don't care who is investing in it, I care about the security and integrity of the network. Bitcoin is trust, that's why I am interested in it. Institutional investors don't impact that.
@_date: 2018-04-08 19:38:47
It's about licensing. Bitcoin the brand and logo are licensed free for any commercial use. You're just plain wrong.
@_date: 2018-04-02 20:13:04
Whales are already using their holdings to mess with the price, that been happening since year 1. You know governments like the US are constantly auctioning holdings and sold the silk road bust which was huge, right? I again ask what's the difference? Why are you so batshit paranoid about governments owning Bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-04-08 17:17:18
What would be really helpful is references to the channel the money is missing from, so we could look at them and see what their state and history is. I've never used eclair and I'm not certain how to get that info from the mobile wallet. Hopefully someone reads this and can contribute advice more helpful than mine.
@_date: 2018-04-19 12:53:38
Of course there are legitimate ICOs, Ethereum is one of them. Doesn't change the fact that if you see an ICO you should be highly suspect. If you see a project without an ICO it is significantly more credible inherently because they aren't asking you for money and thus avoid a conflict of interest where more funding is the priority not honest dissemination of information.
If RSK had an ICO, or Lightning, they would be significantly inferior projects compared to their current value propositions. We don't need more tokens, we need Bitcoin interoperability.
@_date: 2018-04-25 18:00:20
Not sure why you have put it in quotes, he spelled it correctly. Both 's' and 'z' versions are accepted regionally.
@_date: 2018-04-08 17:04:37
That sounds frustrating. Am I correct in thinking you're more of an end user than a developer? It's unfortunate but with descriptions so general and without any debug information it's really hard to figure out what may have happened.
@_date: 2018-04-30 14:37:27
Bitcoin hasn't been profitably minable by a consumer computer in over 8 years. If you want to mine you need an ASIC purpose built for mining.
@_date: 2018-04-15 18:58:06
These kinds of problems are frequent with bitcoin.com, it's not a reliable service. I'd call mastercard and dispute the charge if contacting bitcoin.com doesn't resolve the issue.
@_date: 2018-07-16 06:41:28
You are wrong. If you are going to be this indignant you might as well at least be correct. Clams came out in 2014 and every BTC holder was credited CLAM.
Be embarrassed.
@_date: 2018-07-02 22:53:47
Fact: Coinbase was a driving force behind NYA and S2X. They have tried to change consensus in a manner harmful to decentralization. They have also wholly endorsed BCH because they want lower and stable fees.
The only idiot here is you. Know the facts. Bitcoin is under attack by coinbase, it's admitted and it's recorded history.
@_date: 2015-11-23 18:40:10
Economic scaling (I.E. the fiscal cost of performing an attack on the network through the purchase of miners, network infrastructure, or influence) exists with or without difficulty stepping due to the always increasing efficiency of miner manufacturers and competition for mining rewards. There is only 3600 coins a day, soon to be half that. Competition for those coins creates increased economic security I.E. more hash power and an increased cost to match that hashing power.
You've spent a fair amount of time pretending you know what I think and propping up straw men for you to degrade, don't you think it would be less work to ask me what I think about something and then be an ignorant clod?
@_date: 2018-04-15 16:40:34
No, he's right.  The more adoption Bitpay gets the worse it is for the entire ecosystem. I'd rather people continue using PayPal than Bitpay because at least it's not masquerading as a positive agent in the decentralized ecosystem. Has nothing to with being unchill and everything to do with being informative.
@_date: 2018-04-19 14:53:28
Not until it's ready for full public release. Why bother paying to build hype when you could be paying to develop code? That's not how open source projects typically work. They don't have marketing departments. Only for profit companies do because there is a profit motive to doing so, and that includes ICO companies. The closest open source projects get to marketing departments is when evangelicals form in the community, much as I am evangelizing Bitcoin here to you now. No one pays me for it, I do it because I'm passionate and believe we're changing the world. That's the difference, being paid and leveraging money to get the message out. We don't really do that at all. Even the r/bitcoin marketing fund from years and years ago hasn't been used effectively, it just buys reddit ads drawn in MS paint.
@_date: 2018-04-18 16:42:40
I'm not a supporter of blockchain as a technology. I don't believe it is  a "no-brainer". Blockchain is a single part of a protocol and consensus model that creates these unique properties we value. Other blockchains are dubious at best. 
@_date: 2018-04-28 23:14:43
I don't support your movement. I think it is short sighted, static, and manipulative. Many people have attempted it before you and many will attempt it after you, and I won't support them either. Trying to price bitcoin in a way to manipulate people into purchasing it not based on its functional or speculative value to them but because the numbers were psychologically appealing is the kind of get rich quick bullshit I want Bitcoin to have nothing to do with. If an investor can't decide to buy Bitcoin because a number seems too high then they don't actually understand bitcoin and probably shouldn't buy any. Those are the kind of people who end up seriously hurting themselves with their investments. I'm not interested in taking advantage of them. If Berkshire shares can find informed buyers at 300k+ per share then so can we.
I don't care about human readability. Human readability is for UI, and most UI support millibitcoins. That makes this a non-problem from my perspective - if the issue is one of function then it has already been solved.
For a hundred and one reasons, no.
@_date: 2018-04-25 17:09:22
I very much did. I explicitly described a decentralized security model in the previous three comments. Any misunderstanding on your part of what I "think" they are is willful ignorance. 
@_date: 2018-04-13 20:20:57
Stop posting Cobra tweets. Why are you obsessed with this guy?
@_date: 2018-04-25 15:54:22
Then let them. Their love for centralized companies won't affect our ability to protect our decentralization. If Amazon decides to start using a blockchain no one currently in Bitcoin is going to be under the illusion it is decentralized regardless of how successful it is.
We will end up with centralized entities leveraging Bitcoin and layered smart contracts to achieve their "private blockchain" goals eventually, then the centralized can benefit from us and enhance the entire ecosystem. Until then let them invest in failing altcoins until they learn their lesson.
@_date: 2018-04-22 23:03:51
If you see a benefit for a business to adopt Bitcoin ask to setup a meeting with the owner over phone or social media - the same way anyone hoping to get a service integrated into a business would. You don't see people advocating a given POS system pushing it through the cashier. It's nonsensical. Cashiers don't keep a tally beside the till of requested payment methods and then float those numbers up to management weekly. The OPs intentions are good but his plan is idiotic.
@_date: 2018-04-09 13:40:48
Regulated markets get manipulated by whales too. You seemed pretty happy when the market was going another way, but now that a few large whales are exiting and keeping price suppressed it's a problem?
Sounds like someone is frustrated with their investment and lashing out. Just relax and hold on for the ride. This thing isn't a get rich quick scheme and if you got in when you say you did you are up so much that you have nothing to complain about.
@_date: 2018-04-05 15:43:53
What an incredibly stupid way to attempt to destroy fungibility. Arbitrarily deciding that the first coins in and out of an address are in fact the same coins regardless of outputs is something only a person who has no conception of how bitcoin works but wants to shove it into a legal framework would do.
@_date: 2016-10-17 12:47:21
I disagree. If they offered native currency services and integration with native currency exchanges they could offer a much better local rate. As is it doesn't matter whose fault it is, the accumulative 4% fees + monthly is just too much. 1% and $1 monthly would be much more reasonable.
@_date: 2018-04-28 16:10:18
He doesn't. Being right about one thing isn't being right about all things. Vitalik is a dangerous personality in this space as he has become an authority figure. He says 'fork' and Ethereum supporters say 'which block'. As much as I appreciate some of the work he has done he has become a primary point of failure in his protocols decentralization through his celebrity. He should have done what Satoshi did and stayed anonymous before stepping away, and never forked for political reasons, and never run that ICO.
@_date: 2018-04-22 22:25:29
Don't do this. You are not a door to door missionary. No one likes door to door missionaries.
@_date: 2018-04-09 13:48:18
That strategy only works when enough volume exists selling to them at 6.7k and buying from them at 7k+. It's not happening. What is happening is a few large and longtime whales are divesting responsibly so as not to crash the market. You can tell because there isn't a perfect proportion of identical buys and sells at the alleged manipulation points, and we've only been inside the range you specify for a week and a half.
@_date: 2018-07-03 18:33:24
I guess I just don't view general stubbornness and cultural inertia as valid reasons for depriving your users of low trust or trustless banking solutions - which is effectively what a custodial exchange (and the company I work for to a degree) does.
In fact, I find those reasons to be downright offensive justifications for why we can't make peoples relationship with money and the parties they allow to handle theirs less trusting. Why mess up a great thing where you are holding and profiting on millions in deposits? It makes no business sense, it will never make business sense if the goal of business is to exploit and profit. Unless hacks becomes so common as to destroy trust in existing custodial solutions they won't risk the changes.
@_date: 2018-04-26 21:38:08
No. It is not a testbed for technologies. It is a group of very paranoid people who believe some provably false things, like that Bitcoin has been taken over. They became so paranoid that they held up development on Bitcoin for years until they eventually decided to fork off and create their own coin. They claim they are the real Bitcoin because their paranoid conclusions suggest Bitcoin, having been taken over, is not Bitcoin any more.
@_date: 2018-04-18 14:48:21
I would be very curious to know estimates of what percent of the community held from 2013 to now. Everyone outside the community says they "would have sold" during any of the various run ups, but I know I didn't and I know many others didn't either.
@_date: 2015-04-27 19:07:31
I completely agree, but the odds that this guy is going to find the source, do a cryptographic audit, and then find an approriate attack vector he can utilize in his specific circumstance is very very low. There is effectively nothing he can do if this isn't the coinbase related ransomware which is known and broken.
@_date: 2018-04-10 00:38:01
So you're appealing to your authority and duration of involvement (I've been around as long as you, and there is no "normal" in this market) and then using moving orders of significant magnitude to conclude that the exchange themselves are wash trading.
How are your limited and superficial observations evidence of exchanges engaging in wash trading? Phantom order walls can't be evidence of wash trading, they would have to be consumed to be trades.
If you've been around as long as you have you should have seen walls like this before. Can you see why this kind of "evidence" is very similar to the "evidence" someone might use to support a conspiracy theory?
@_date: 2018-04-14 02:00:04
It has nothing to do with having a life, read for 15 minutes before you go to bed. The issue is the source of the information.
Knocking people for being critical of terrible resources removed from the source and editorialized several times over is pretty ignorant in my humble opinion. But thanks for the input lol
@_date: 2018-04-06 19:03:05
Why it has to be in Bitcoin if you just need $100 is the hard part to understand. There are a million generic freelance websites, go get some work on fiverr.
@_date: 2018-04-25 00:48:10
Don't judge a persons ideas based on their previous ideas or character. Judge each idea by its own merit and supporting arguments.
These supposed attack vectors are so poor as to fail the sniff test by anyone remotely versed in the decentralized security model employed by Bitcoin. We don't need to be critical beyond that scope.
@_date: 2015-11-16 22:31:15
It was invented decades ago, banks just haven't had the competitive pressures to upgrade until recently.
@_date: 2018-04-05 15:50:21
Why would you get any news from there? It's the fox news of crypto news sources. Unashamedly biased and pushing an agenda.
@_date: 2018-04-22 23:08:59
If you are a business owner and you take credit cards you know about Amex, and your reasons for not accepting it aren't because no one has told you about it. Most of the time it is because Amex has a much higher merchant fee than other cards.
So you're right, it is no different. Both are completely pointless questions and generally annoying. If it doesn't say Amex next to the other credit card logos you're most likely out of luck.
@_date: 2018-04-30 06:21:18
Committing the same fallacies as the Ver crowd is not and will never be necessary. We will never have to define the protocol by Satoshi's vision because Satoshi does not have a function in Nakamoto consensus.
@_date: 2018-04-25 16:37:16
If any of the above attack vectors had succeeded we would have forked or abandoned the project, just as I describe above. We literally wouldn't be here having this conversation.
@_date: 2018-04-24 17:35:39
You can secure a windows server as well as you can a *nix one using the same methodologies. e.x. ssh whitelisting, closing all ports that aren't your BTC node, staying patched, verifying the hash of the software you run, etc.
@_date: 2018-04-20 19:10:22
You may have noticed that as lightning neared its release some savvy personalities like Elizabeth Stark began promoting their companies developing lightning implementations. We might see something like that. When RSK began merge mining on main net for the first time there was some light coverage from crypto blogs but not much else. That's probably because until it starts being public and taking some ethereum marketshare it's a non-market event. There's no enigmatic female technology guru. What is in this worth reporting on for the main stream media?
I am super excited for RSK. I hope that after public launch the Bitcoin community can start discussing creating a way to verify SPV proofs for layers like RSK. That will be the day you want to divest out of altcoins.
@_date: 2015-11-20 19:08:20
I appreciate where you are coming from, but have you considered that if there is any of those three things: Overwhelming node connectivity, collaborating with miners, or being the miners - that bitcoin already has much worse problems than quantum computers? I agree that if those three things happen the entire decentralized security model is broken. The thing is they aren't going to magically just happen. In fact their likelihood of coming to unmitigated fruition is incredibly small.
However since they are remote possibilities lets examine them. There are many incentive models in play including attacks on pools that grow more effective as the pool also grows which inherently disincentive the uncontrolled centralization of miners. If miners somehow managed to collaborate in a destructive way, or if a hostile entity ever became the dominant miner of bitcoin then we have some very nice options. For example, we know any hostile miner of 51%&lt; hash power is going to double spend on blocks they mine. As soon as such happens, protocol malleability is what will save us. We, the remaining developers and miners not hostile to the network, are able to effectively ignore any blocks coming from this new mining powerhouse - forking the network and isolating the hostile entity. Obviously such an attack would cause issues for the network in forking efficiently but those would be the limits of the disaster. Any "victims" would return to the fork chain to find their coins intact, while the perpetrator of the attack would have spent an immense amount of money on hardware that is now running a private sidechain with 100% of the hashrate.
So lets just be clear, there are existing pressures in place to combat these situations occurring - financial incentives including risks of enormous losses in hardware and opportunity costs of not mining on the blockchain honestly, malicious pressures including hostile miners attacking pools, and peer pressures including the outrage coming from people like you.
Finally, if the unthinkable occurs and any of the non-quantum things you discuss happened despite these pressures we still have protocol malleability. Protocol malleability is what will define the decentralized security model - the ability to react to and exclude threats.
These concerns are all unrelated to quantum computing however. I don't think you should have conflated the two subjects.
@_date: 2018-04-19 12:41:18
They are of questionable legitimacy because they are ripe for scams. Same will be true of any tokens created on RSK. If you do not believe ICOs are ripe for scamming here is an incomplete list of [790 proven ICO scams](
@_date: 2018-04-21 15:56:21
I think you don't understand probability. If TA was probability people wouldn't have different calls, you would simply plug all the available chart data into the model and it would output a historical probability of a given potential movement. That's obviously not what TA is, as evidence by the mirade of diverse calls by "experts" assigning different probabilities for the same events.
TA is gambling on tea leaf reading, not a model of probability.
@_date: 2018-07-21 01:20:25
I understand what the OP is talking about and as others have pointed out in this thread there are other services that don't use coinbase.
@_date: 2018-04-24 14:06:32
Whales aren't bad or good. They are just traders trying to get the best value for their money like you.
@_date: 2018-04-23 14:02:40
You evangelicals are the most annoying people alive. If you know someone doesn't take cheques and you ask anyway that makes you an asshole. If you want change make an appointment with the owner or manager, don't bother the cashier.
@_date: 2018-04-25 17:50:15


No, it's not. There is no authority kicking the entity out, but a collective of "bottom up" individuals engaging in a Nash Equilibrium of known selfish behaviors. That's not centralization.
@_date: 2018-04-30 14:52:09
It's funny, I was just in that thread laughing at what a stupid idea that is.
I don't view that as killing it in adoption. Not at all. It is not the sort of thing that is going to make a difference, it's the sort of thing very short sighted proponents of cryptocurrency think will make a difference. You know what will make a difference? Financial institutions operating in layers on bitcoin so that assurances of trust and insurance don't need to be made through regulatory bodies. Bitcoin should be so ubiquitous that people don't even know they are using it, they just benefit from its inherent properties of trust.
@_date: 2018-07-02 01:46:50
If this were true my 5 years would equate to a 100x profit, and yet I'm not 100x richer. You are cherry picking numbers.
@_date: 2018-07-31 06:17:13
Coordinated altcoin spam. Nice.
@_date: 2018-04-09 21:17:10
There are fees on BFX, always taker fees no matter the size of orders. You can't wash trade with fees.
@_date: 2018-04-19 20:07:32
I think the issue is that the stock market is a vehicle of trust, and I don't trust it. Every bank in my country says real estate is over valued by up to 150% and I have no faith that any monetary policy will avoid a recession in the next five years. To park my money in the market is as much a gamble as is Bitcoin at this point, except I have significantly more control over my Bitcoin. Why would I put my savings in bonds or CD's? It effectively makes them illiquid. My BTC is as liquid as I need it to be at a moments notice and I don't need to trust anyone else when considering its future value or security. It's an amazing way to remove myself from factors in my local and national economies without getting a TD Ameritrade account.
@_date: 2018-04-11 16:25:59
The Bitmex research team is consistently the best educated commentary on the ecosystem available. They are unbiased, thorough, and skeptical of fantastic claims. They do the entire community a great service through these research projects.
I would love to see some capable writers do some relevant reporting on these articles. I assume they are too in-depth for most of the speculators on the market.
@_date: 2018-04-17 00:55:20
Looks like a very lowkey booth at an event and a guy holding a meeting in the smallest room a hotel has available to me. What events have you been to that this pictures contents are the norm except among a sea of other similar booths with two posters.
@_date: 2017-05-31 00:56:10
I feel if there is going to be a fork it should be done by those people who desire properties which do not exist on the current chain and cannot be achieved by soft fork - i.e. if you support 8mb blocks go fork yourself. Forking should be done carefully and preferably with the participation of both sides of the fork engaging on technical issues like replay protection. I don't want BIP148 because it puts political opponents to segwit in a position to fork or concede. This seems like an attack on dissident miners and I do not believe that is yet appropriate. As you've said, bitcoin is working. There isn't a need for such severe action. I would sooner support a hard fork which included segwit and the rest of the HF wishlist since it's an active choice of mine than forcing a HF on my political opponents.
@_date: 2018-04-23 00:07:26
This is ridiculous. If you want the store to adopt Bitcoin schedule a meeting with the owner or local manager and discuss the benefits with them. Why does everyone think that cashiers are the doorway to change in business? Why does everyone think cashiers report requested payment methods up to management? What change in your lives have you ever seen that indicates that to be the case? Businesses respond to social media campaigns, boycotts, influence peddling, and direct conversations. They don't respond to implied messages hypothetically passed along through cashiers.
@_date: 2015-11-20 18:05:15
So in your absolutely impossible prediction you foresee quantum entities double spending your money before you get a chance to spend it due to their overwhelming node connectivity? You are literally coming up with fantasies at this point, ones that have nothing to do with quantum computing.
@_date: 2018-04-14 13:53:36
What makes you say it is the best? Who says the downvotes aren't because you come off so passive aggressive?
@_date: 2018-07-11 17:53:06
Using a given compiler and language specification for completing decentralized tasks that is already widely adopted will be amazing for adoption, and it doesn't mean solidity or the ethereum foundation have any sway over the rootstock compiler, which will inevitably diverge.
Have you read any of the RSK white papers? They are really interesting reads and lay out the strategy for creating a first federated then increasingly decentralized Bitcoin pegged sidechain for SBTC, they describe the many improvements in blockchain structure over proposals like Ethereum such as disposable block data and using Bitcoins decentralization and merge mining. Lumino as well looks exceptionally interesting. The papers lay out their case compellingly at  scroll to the near bottom.
In sum:
1. RSK is more scalable and space efficient than ETH.
2. RSK contracts run on Bitcoin.
3. Any valid ETH contract is currently runnable on RSK.
4. As RSK or ETH diverges from the current version compatibility will be lost. Both ETH and RSK are following an independent path in a unique environment with independent goals. The current compatibility is a useful bootstrap.
5. RSK is currently a federated peg to BTC by a large group of Bitcoin companies and miners. This makes it relatively centralized at launch.
6. Once the BTC BIP 118 SIGHASH_NOINPUT gets adopted the federated peg can become an SPV proof peg (someone correct me with the type of peg if that's wrong -edit: it's not wrong.), which is much more decentralized.
@_date: 2018-04-18 17:11:13
The moderation here has had some severe problems in both present and past. People who are stupid, have bought the propaganda of bitcoin.com, or are wild conspiracy theorists are banned on sight without appeal. Mods have hidden comment scores, changed default sort mechanics, and used CSS tricks to stifle dissenting behavior regardless of its merit. There is a very strong argument to be made that the administrators of this sub are responsible for the current schism as their heavy handed actions alienated a substantial portion of the community and still are incorrectly used as evidence to substantiate conspiracy theories about Core developers and r/bitcoin mods being the same parties taking over bitcoin the protocol.
Open mod logs would be great, and would absolutely be abused by these conspiracy theorists to come to absurd leaps of conclusion. That doesn't mean we shouldn't have open mod logs, it just means that no matter what we do conspiracy theorists will find a way to work it into their insane works.
@_date: 2018-04-06 23:35:27
That's exactly why they are asking. If you are doing a certain amount of volume without registering as a MSB you could be in trouble.
@_date: 2018-04-21 22:26:27
I don't know what this is because the site is down, but:
1. Maybe if it was worth reading let someone other than you post it. We don't need dozens of crypto blogs self promoting.
2. Bitcoin OP codes have been used to make smart contracts since day 1. It's how services like counterparty and lightning are made.
3. RSK has been running smart contracts of the ethereum variety on the main chain for months now.
Edit: Someone should explain to me how a post by a blogger to their own site, a post that has never resolved to a working website in the currently three hours it has been up, has any upvotes at all. Bots?
@_date: 2018-07-14 01:04:31
I really hope that business doesn't go to Coinbase.
@_date: 2018-07-03 05:54:26
Do you feel sorry for all people who use the internet for more than 5 years? This is a community and project I believe in. It's pretty sad you feel that's something to pity. 
I feel sorry for you for not being involved sooner, maybe then I wouldn't need to be here explaining to you how the Bitcoin ecosystem functions.
@_date: 2016-10-27 02:35:13
Thank you! This isn't a political issue, this is a decentralized security model issue at scale.
@_date: 2018-04-14 23:01:05
Unless they control a majority of the miners and mine the majority of the blocks, they lose money. Really so long as they don't mine every block they are losing some part of their investment. If they control a majority of the miners we have bigger problems and there are easier and less risky attacks to execute. At what point does their enhanced fee income become worth whatever they are missing from blocks they don't mine? I'm not sure, but it seems like a hell of a gamble compared to other attacks. With even only 30% of the miners of BTC you could execute a double spend attack on any BCH accepting exchange, tank the price, and make fortunes on shorts. This attack you're hypothesizing requires significantly more miner resources, the trust and collaboration of pools - some of which will lose money, and the perpetual maintenance cost of raising fees. I'm not saying it's impossible but if the goal is to abuse the ecosystem for cash there seem like more profitable and reliable ways.
@_date: 2018-04-13 13:51:13
I'd appreciate the same from you. You realize that at the same time this image was taken we were in the Arab Spring? The footage coming out of Syria and Egypt was both terrifying and riveting.  Police and military standing off against each other to a backdrop of tanks, fire, and a sea of protestors. To say that this image even compares to other events happening in the same context is grossly misinformed. The Syrian war is still escalating ffs! I think it is clearly you assuming things if you feel this image or incident are exceptionally notable in even the immediate global context of the time.
@_date: 2018-04-29 17:47:32
I spent over two years down through the '14-'16 bear run. While things are obviously great relative to then now, we could easily see another multi year bear market. Be prepared to hold for years before you see a profit and you'll generally be just fine.
@_date: 2018-04-15 16:08:02
He is re-reporting the content of the media and propagating their conclusions with his own editorialization (opinion). What's the value in that? Why wouldn't anyone rather spend the same 13 minutes this video takes to watch and look at the market charts, examine the volume of shorts and longs over the past week, and come to their own conclusion about what the giant spike a couple days ago was instead of listening to CNBC's stupid predictions second hand from a youtuber? It was as plain as day a short squeeze. We don't need CNBC's speculation of what news caused this price rise because news didn't cause this price rise, and we don't need a youtubers opinion on CNBC's speculation.
@_date: 2018-04-13 15:11:53
STOP HOLDING ON EXCHANGES.
@_date: 2018-04-12 16:24:45
How is trying to short call the largest short market in history manipulation? Did the buyer also somehow convince those users to short?
Every time the market moves is not manipulation. Every whale and every phantom order are not manipulation. Lets start using that word more appropriately to call out exchanges that enable wash trading and organized pump/dump groups.
@_date: 2018-04-15 20:31:13
Helpful reading on reasons why many people favour PoW over PoS. Very up to date, this reporting was just a few days ago.
@_date: 2018-04-14 18:32:40
It's being used in at least the [Ifpaytt]( toolset. I have no idea who has used these libraries for projects beyond blockstream.
@_date: 2018-04-22 17:19:44
The best option would be a drivechain like solution I expect, something with its own on and off chain data sets resolving to the Bitcoin network and a 1:1 Bitcoin peg. You'd also need a federation to dollar peg your Bitcoin so the markets could run on fiat. It's doable. Won't happen for a long time yet, we are still early days.
@_date: 2017-05-20 20:57:17
So an individual is leading a PR campaign for an irresponsible UASF, it merits not mentioning the individual at all because of a UASF being a node based initiative? I also said "people like" as to imply the larger body which holds views similar to a subject, not solely the subject.
Guess we should never mention Roger Ver or Jihan Wu again. 
@_date: 2018-04-16 23:48:00
Much as miners choose not to mine for pools that are approaching a majority out of self preservation, we must choose not to pursue relationships with companies that harm our ecosystem out of self preservation. Companies will always attempt to expand and exert influence, however we have the capacity to keep that in check as consumers. Just as consumer boycotts affect traditional companies, they will affect crypto-companies. It's up to us to foster a culture of holding these companies responsible, and there is already enough evidence in the segwit2x fiasco that BitPay and Coinbase have not been responsible corporate citizens of the space.
@_date: 2018-04-30 18:29:58
Maybe it is, maybe it isn't. If there are some legitimate victims and damages then they should absolutely vet those claims through a civil suit. We've seen plenty of claims, it seems the natural next step is to seek legal representation and find similarly injured parties to begin vetting those claims.
@_date: 2018-04-21 15:39:16
It's hard to accept someone who is building a career out of analyzing data and charts to spot trends is denying global warming.
@_date: 2017-05-25 15:36:42
I don't think I'll be satisfied until I'm literally standing on the moon, delivered by a rocket paid for in btc. This is the future of money, and I anticipate needing money in the future. I'll never be full fiat again.
@_date: 2018-07-04 12:07:48




Many people already do, and I am happy to take that risk 100x over. My private key security mechanisms are far more robust than any bank I have ever heard of. You can't walk into my house and rob me blind.


If you're securing hundreds of thousands or more in assets by holding a private key under your mattress you deserve what you get. That is not a very responsible way to be your own bank.


Because you aren't thinking of digital assets. it's called liquid because it exists primarily to create liquidity between exchanges and other high volume financial entities.
Even for physical assets, you're not giving a fair representation of the the current opaque chain of trust provided by a bank versus the transparent chain of trust enabled by an oracle. It's not the same, one is clearly superior to the other.
@_date: 2018-04-24 14:09:05
Getting a virus on your computer can lead to the compromise of your Bitcoins. News at 11. Seriously though, the whole point of an air gapped computer is if you want to out a virus on it you need to be handling the hardware. This is a pointless attack.
@_date: 2018-04-29 20:28:31
I believe he is being entirely honest and attempting to be a good steward of other peoples money. Honest people can be wrong and that doesn't reflect on him in any negative way. His prudence has I am sure saved many from "mirages" in the financial markets despite not investing in the tech sector for example. It's far better to err on the side of being too prudent than not prudent enough when the risk for being not prudent enough is financial disaster.
Don't hate him for that.
@_date: 2018-04-27 14:33:38
The reason so many are calling you out is that these are exactly the kind of made up impossible claims Bcash trolls use. Whether you are intentionally stoking that fire or not it is important to us as a community to refute that misinformation when we see it. The way you described this transaction is literally impossible. If you want to link the transaction instead of make impossible claims that would probably get you different commentary.
@_date: 2018-04-30 15:01:37
I was interested in this thinking you were doing credit accounting in a layered manner on top of bitcoin, maybe tied with a bitcoin based decentralized ID system like Microsofts.  I have a dire business need for such a product. Not at all interested in an altcoin blockchain. If you aren't secured by Bitcoins security model there is no point.
@_date: 2018-04-22 23:31:19
Missionaries are universally annoying. I'm sure there must be a mathematics proof to that end, it's fundamental. 
@_date: 2018-07-04 02:39:46


No, assets are [privately provable]( and transact using the same private/public key mechanisms you're familiar with.
@_date: 2018-04-28 16:56:23


If people blindly listen to him it is not democracy. Democracy relies on an informed and capable populace to function. More than that, crypto is not a democracy. That people do blindly listen to him means he and the foundation control the protocol, that's a single entity controlling a decentralized protocol. That's centralization regardless of the means it is achieved.
Answer honestly - who has more control over their protocol of choice, Vitalik or Roger?
@_date: 2018-04-21 15:30:19
It's a stupid meme that makes the community sound brain damaged. I will never stop holding.
@_date: 2015-11-20 21:35:40
You are one crazy conspiracist. As I've explained your paranoia is really unjustified, you're seeing mountains but it's mole hills. You're greatly exaggerating the impact and likelihood of several unrelated and prohibitively expensive attack vectors.
@_date: 2018-04-23 00:49:53
That's why I keep referencing the business owner, unlike in a large franchise you can often get the business owner of a small business to take a meeting with you.
@_date: 2018-04-22 23:34:12
Lots of assumptions. I don't know about you but when I was working as a cashier for my highschool years I could count the number of times I engaged with the owner as zero. It didn't matter how many people attempted to pay with cheque I never reported those instances to anyone. If you want a business to change something that's excellent, you just don't do it by trying to get attention from the cashiers. Make an appointment.
@_date: 2018-04-13 20:44:36
No, it doesn't really make sense. Yes FX markets have huge volume, it's a free 100x leverage.  Yes that is valuable trading information, especially when looking to force leveraged traders to hit their stop losses. No, that doesn't mean FX leads the spot market - specifically when the FX market is explicitly tracking the spot market by design. It means the exact opposite. If it takes $1 million dollars to move the spot market enough to force $100 million in liquidations of the FX market, that is by design the spot market leading the FX market regardless of volume.
@_date: 2015-11-30 20:33:46
What you define as well written or cogent concerns I and others most likely do not, as evidence by the voting. It bothers me that the moderation team has decided their judgement is superior to ours collectively. Certainly not in keeping with the principles of bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-07 15:12:51
We need to start boycotting every company or product that uses the word "blockchain" like this.
@_date: 2018-04-29 02:42:55
Bitcoin produces trust. It is an economic security model producing trust. If he can see the value of a trusted third party he should be able to see the value in replacing that party with a trustless medium. The more full validators of the network, the more miners raising the cost to attack the network, the higher bitcoins value proposition becomes. The higher the value becomes the more miners enter the network, so on and so forth. Warren is not stupid. He is just surrounded by people who explain bitcoin to him as an investment and not a function.
@_date: 2017-05-18 20:44:49
Why does BIP 148 activate at all with a minority? This seems reckless. For a group of people who have been insisting a contentious hardfork is the worst case scenario I have to wonder why there is now a push for this worst case scenario.
@_date: 2018-04-15 14:07:07
I literally just gave an example of that, $1 million move on spot creating $100 million in FX liquidations. That is still spot leading FX regardless of volume.
@_date: 2017-05-25 15:15:34
It's so crazy wondering where the floor is below us. Is it $1000? $2000? It would have been laughable a year ago if we supposed a 4 digit floor. Hodlers might not end up with $2800 per bitcoin, could be much more or much less, but for anyone who has had the stomach to stay through at least one full bubble it's cause for celebration no matter where we land. Happy days friends, happy days.
@_date: 2015-11-14 15:34:09
According to interpol over 50% of p2p criminal financial transfers in Europe occur using Bitcoin. This is made possible by underground exchanges and exchanges in highly unregulated areas. These numbers will continue to grow and spread outside of Europe. As capitol controls continue to be a real threat to the international elite these illegal exchanges will become a hub of money laundering and illegal currency export. Gambling and online marketplaces, especially the illegal variety, will continue to thrive online and in the dark web - operating much as they do now and have in the past.
Bitcoin will always have a future, even an illegal one. The value proposition is too great to ignore.
@_date: 2018-04-03 18:29:06
Not sure what happened, but he hasn't ever contributed anything except to the website. He started pushing controversial changes a month or two ago and has been going full bcashtard ever since.
@_date: 2017-10-09 15:01:48
Every single vitriolic person who is against S2X should thank Jeff for being reasonable when attention is brought to the faults in a mechanism he has created. We need more of this kind of dialogue on every side of these arguments.
Thanks Jeff. I know we disagree on many things but I appreciate your willingness to consider criticism even in just this one instance. I hope we can be open minded enough to do the same when necessary.
@_date: 2018-04-25 00:33:52
Why is Bitcoin valuable? Its unique security model. Part of that security model includes tens of thousands of node operators and billions of dollars in mining equipment. Even if you brought an overwhelming number of nodes and miners to have full control of the Bitcoin ecosystem the remaining ecosystem which finds this abhorrent would simply fork off.
Our economy, our user base, our miners, our nodes, our developers. We are all what make Bitcoin, Bitcoin. If we feel threatened we will simply cut you out of our decentralized club. If the miners threaten us we will change PoW algorithms. If the nodes don't follow consensus we blacklist misbehaving nodes. We have many mechanisms to do this and talk about it frequently, in fact PoW change is luke jrs favorite thing and I don't really blame him.
We've even seen this plan in action when BCH forked for a mix of ideological differences and fabricated pretext of attack. You won't ever stop Bitcoin and the people who know it is possible to come to a decentralized consensus from doing just that.
So bring on Facebookcoin. Or Fedcoin. Or any thousands of altcoins. The Nash Equilibrium securing Bitcoin will keep us safe, and should it fail we have contingencies. Without a decentralized security model backing these challengers they will be a joke of a blockchain and worth nothing to anyone here.
@_date: 2017-05-17 18:43:36
Your observations do not support your conclusions. That's the logical leap. Just like observing users being banned from rbitcoin isn't enough data to itself conclude a conspiratorial motive, a business relationship alluded to on twitter isn't enough data itself to conclude a conspiratorial motive or association with other actions. There is no logical progression from one idea to another. It's a non sequitur. 
@_date: 2015-11-20 17:25:00
I think you are misunderstanding. By your own description addresses are usable once and once alone before being compromised. 


That's what i am saying, and while it may be a reduced functionality to what you are used to it is still a functional bitcoin implementation. That's the worst case, protocol unmalleable situation and it's not the end of the world. Fortunately we have the option to move the bitcoin protocol to a quantum resistant algorithm at our leisure as our protocol is quite malleable.
So what I am saying is your alarm is largely misplaced. The scenario you describe can be avoided entirely with the protocol rules and algorithms in place as is, let alone our ability to change the protocol rules.
@_date: 2016-05-04 02:17:24
I've thought of a question for you:
Imagine there is a sudden and organized economic attack on miners using the current bitcoin protocol implementation. I understand that ideally the best measures to stop such a scenario are preventative, but lets assume it can't be prevented. What is in your opinion the most effective way to limit the impact of the economic attacker and their hostage miners from the node's perspective?
How viable would defenses that nodes can utilize such as changing the PoW algorithm or implementing whitelists/blacklists be in stopping an attack on the user base by hostile miners? Essentially hostile hard forks as a reactionary defensive mechanism in extreme circumstance.
@_date: 2018-04-18 15:25:21
This is how Roger gets public support for his projects, he buys influential people and places of discussion.  and r/btc are prime examples of this.
I love that "free speech" is when you buy everything related to a discussion so it has to happen on the terms you describe.
@_date: 2018-04-22 23:40:14
If I have a customer that KNOWS we don't accept something, but asks anyways because he is hoping to get me to do something - I would consider him "that guy".
@_date: 2018-04-04 16:42:50
You're forgetting that someone will bother to take the hour tops to build from source and republish for $1.50, then someone else will do the same for $.99, then someone will get fed up and post it compiled for free.
It just doesn't make any business sense to do what you are talking about.
@_date: 2018-04-19 13:26:20
That's the argument as I see it. If layered solutions are more scalable, safer, and less prone to scams - why do we bother with altcoin solutions at all? I think the answer is because layers are hard and altcoins are easy, but that is slowly changing as the ecosystem develops. 
@_date: 2018-04-18 16:29:53
Bitcoin is a protocol, interfaces which use it will always become easier but the protocol just needs to do its job. As companies and governments rely increasingly on bitcoin smart contracts and smart contract layers on top of it to defer trust people will benefit from the accountability of Bitcoin without ever knowing it.
10+ years. That's how long. Enterprise is a slow moving beast.
@_date: 2018-04-14 16:04:47
"I'm trying to open an account for my future kids. This is important."
Bittrex is killing unborn children confirmed. You seriously couldn't make this stuff up.
@_date: 2017-05-19 02:55:19
Majority of node support, but I'm talking about the economic security of miners. Do we also have the majority of miner support? I thought the whole reason we were even considering a UASF is because we don't have a majority of miners support.
My concern is that without a majority of miners you are committing us to be attacked by the majority of miners (as this BIP would be considered an attack from their perspective). That would put us irrevocably towards the road of PoW change. I would very much like to  support this BIP as I stand firmly behind segwit, but I find myself leaning towards gmaxwells view of the situation. What I am understanding sounds incredibly risky. I appreciate the time you've taken already to help inform, could I bother you for just a little more of your perspective? Are these concerns of mine valid?
@_date: 2017-05-07 14:51:18
He isn't entirely wrong. There is an incentive mechanism in place not to be caught colluding or having over 50% the hashrate or behave as a dishonest miner regardless of blocksize. However degrading the decentralized security of a system because you think it is possible you will live through it is a bad reason.
@_date: 2015-10-28 16:37:17
I don't understand why you don't see the absurdity of this idea. Why mine at all if you don't want a scaling economic proof of security? The exact same goals can be met without mining, give your centralized buddies a K of N key or transaction signing key instead. The idea you describe has no technical merit over other solutions and betrays a fundamental misunderstanding of how blockchain write permissions and mining work together.
Like I said, your arguments simply do not stand on their own merit. They sound like you have a incomplete understanding of the technical mechanisms that give a blockchain or any other database permissions. You are proposing systems which, just like these private blockchains, needlessly jump through convoluted hoops to achieve what is direct and simple in other software stacks. How is what you describe a reason to use a private blockchain?
@_date: 2017-05-19 05:39:15
I appreciate your time and response, I'll give it serious consideration. What you're proposing is very serious and one of the networks last resort security mechanisms. I view the possibility of PoW change similar to amputation, cutting off the very necessary limb for the sake of the body. I would only consider it in the most severe of circumstance such as an active attack. You're claiming that's what's happening so I suppose it's worth at least considering.
When I say "economic security of miners" I'm referring to the cost to buy a total of 51% of the miners on the chain. Any PoW switch will necessarily sacrifice our current economic security for another.
@_date: 2017-05-19 00:27:49
It's not a safe haven in that sense. The safety of bitcoin comes from it's uncorrelated properties. It's highly uncorrelated with any other currency or asset on the market. You can protect yourself from some of the risk in your portfolio if you diversify into uncorrelated vehicles like bitcoin a bit as a hedge.
@_date: 2018-04-03 00:02:53
They can't control Bitcoin, that's the entire point of Bitcoin existing at all. It's good to be cautious but don't worry so much about things that don't affect outcomes. Things like miner centralization and the favor of short term profit over long term sustainability are worth being paranoid about. Governments adopting or leveraging their Bitcoin holdings is already happening and not something to worry about.
@_date: 2018-04-19 13:55:19
I still think you have some years to do that effectively. Enjoy your profits!
@_date: 2018-04-20 01:03:59
Surely gold mining and deposit surveying mechanisms have evolved substantially from the days of panning for gold, there's nothing specific about ore extraction which has exempted it from massive gains in technology and technique we have seen applied to industry globally in the last 100 years. Even if gold hasn't kept up in terms of positive value delta of human productivity I don't see how gold and gold backed currencies are a good example of a deflationary currency. 
I think Bitcoin and the idea of a nationless extrajudicial algorithmic monetary supply is very unique and unexplored. It isn't a replacement for inflationary currencies and economic management. Not to get too far sighted by looking at next century, but if bitcoin turns out to sap enough economic force from global economies that it demands action then the best choice for global actors will be to interface their economies as layers on top of bitcoin, which is pretty much end game conditions if everything goes well.
Once we're all borrowing and investing on top of bitcoin we will have all the existing benefits of managed economies and inflation, it will just exist as layers on top of bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-16 22:06:18
There are dozens of Coinbase and BitPay alternatives around the world. Who has convinced you that the "better world" is a myth and doesn't currently exist?
@_date: 2018-04-27 21:47:48
It doesn't break the chain of signatures, we are tracking outputs perfectly fine. If you have an exploit you should use it. There are billions of dollars in segwit addresses and transactions daily.
@_date: 2018-04-10 00:17:43
Your "evidence" is paranoid conjecture. Certainly falls under the umbrella of conspiracy theory.
@_date: 2018-04-09 22:05:39
Then that would be a conspiracy theory without any supporting evidence.
@_date: 2018-04-30 21:09:51
I expect many companies will dual launch on both EVMs and Bitcoins massive liquidity will jump start demand for RSK. I don't think Ethereum is going anywhere for a while until exclusive applications start favoring RSK.
@_date: 2018-04-25 17:35:27


A balance of power distributed across various decentralized entities. I describe the various "individual" actors and their role in the decentralized security model. A decentralized entity is a party of multiple individuals coming to consensus without the direction of a leader or other singular point of failure.
@_date: 2017-05-24 17:47:25
I don't know, I could just as easily see a polo exit scam result in a rush out of alts and into bitcoin. Calling this market I might as well turn to astrology, it's about as accurate as any other kind of logic a person might apply.
@_date: 2015-11-20 15:52:38
Bitcoin isn't even broken at the advent of quantum computers, it still functions fine addresses simply are no longer reusable. I don't expect it to take much effort at all to adopt a new cryptogaphy even in that situation. By what means will quantum computers feasibly be the death of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin when the protocol is as malleable as it is and already quantum resistant?
@_date: 2018-04-02 14:44:41
Whether you sell BTC for your taxes or they sell the BTC, it's being sold. Why does it matter?
@_date: 2018-04-19 13:32:14
The fee situation will not last indefinitely. Please support lightning, it is perfect for your use case.
@_date: 2018-04-24 13:43:11
These are really poorly thought out. I expected a lot more. Every single one of these outcomes assumes the entire community consensus will migrate to an altcoin. You might as well interpret that to mean the only way to kill Bitcoin is to convince people not to use it.
@_date: 2016-05-03 23:26:54
You asked me exactly what I would do differently, I explained that to you.  You may find me insulting but hubris is a shoe that fits. I have no question for you, I understand your proposal as well as I feel necessary. I replied to your comment about being done, not to ask a question.
By the way I think your work will do great things for some blockchains, though obviously not bitcoin for if successful it would cause the community to abandon your miners and nodes in favor of their own chain. Good for you guys, though. This is obviously a useful insight into an economic attack on miners and a valuable new trust model for some other blockchain implementations.
@_date: 2015-10-28 21:09:06
There's just no talking to you. Saying things repeatedly isn't a rational for them. Your key system will not stop popular attack methodologies such as sybil attacks - bad actors will inevitably exist in your population and once they do promote more bad actors entering. Nothing stops key users who don't vote for a given protocol change to fork infinity like any other open protocol. You're not open to the possibility that private blockchains have no inherent advantages over traditional software, or that what you are describing is a public blockchain.
I'd love for you to change my mind. You just seem unable to appeal to the technical merits of your argument, details are entirely dismissed.
@_date: 2015-10-31 20:06:15
They typically want to seperate the immutable datastore properties of the blockchain from the actually innovative trust and permission mechanisms like PoW or PoS. "Private blockchains" are much less technically innovative than the advent of trustless decentralization, but that doesn't make them useless. They should be expected to function similarly to typical distributed software models, though possibly much less efficiently.
@_date: 2017-05-03 21:17:17
Crazy to think $1000 is so far below us.
@_date: 2018-04-12 14:49:57
They aren't segregated. Fair and mark price move with the external market and force liquidations even if the spot on Bitmex doesn't move. Bitmex is literally tied to external markets by design to force trading within a range of external spot prices.
@_date: 2017-05-17 19:05:41
You have quite a lot of downvotes too. Again I say the way you are making conclusions just isn't logically based. If it was any upvoted posts would be universally true. This conversation of me explaining to you the issues with your argument is already getting upvoted, does that make me right and you wrong? No. Upvotes don't have a relationship to truth or logical progression.
There is a whole subreddit of people making arguments like this that are all upvoted, does that make them accurate or logically derived?
@_date: 2018-04-15 15:48:44
Yeah, you could learn a lot about Bitcoin by consuming 91 hours and 15 minutes of content every year. I think you underestimate how much you can cover in that amount of time.
@_date: 2018-04-02 14:36:17
You are missing the point. The US government could own 100% of all BTC and that wouldn't be a statement about decentralization. If you are paying your taxes from your BTC stash, selling them to do so why does it matter if the government takes it directly and sells them? Same exact result.
@_date: 2016-05-18 07:00:25
I'm not sure I like the idea of a prediction market for viral content being the aggregation mechanism for a social network content site. Sure it is great for "creators", but it could suck for users if "creators" game the system the way they do every other social media platform by hiring groups of power users or dummy accounts to promote their content, all while recieving their own kickbacks while any legitimate users attempting to currate end up on the tail end of the kickback distribution and don't earn anything just spend. This seems like it would amplify the kinds of problems places like digg had.
@_date: 2015-10-04 18:32:55
Price stability observably does benefit ordinary people. That's just a fact. The average person with no disposable income is benefited from knowing how much buying power they will have tomorrow. Businesses operating in multiple currencies or ordering inventory internationally are benefited by knowing the value of their currency holdings will not radically change relative to the value of their debts or inventory. I don't think that's possibly disputable. It has nothing to do with price controls, their usefulness or efficiency.
@_date: 2015-10-15 17:26:52
This was a good talk. Thanks for expanding my mind.
@_date: 2015-11-23 14:58:18
I'm a staunch egalitarian, but I'm also a computer scientist. I know the major innovation here is decentralized economic security. You can't have that without the mining arms race. A basic income coin cannot inherently work since POS (the only algorithm I've ever seen used on a "marxcoin") is uncompetitive from a security standpoint. POW requires an increasing cost to invest, favoring early adoption and resulting in very poor coin distribution, but until someone can fix POS to have a much much higher financial barrier of attack then POW is the only answer to decentralised economic security 
@_date: 2015-11-09 17:19:09
You can test access to the funds by recreating the public key from your private key, which could have occurred without producing evidence and is unless I am mistaken performed automatically by most wallets on start up.
@_date: 2015-10-28 20:04:56
There is no doubt whatever they have planned will both work and be superior to what they have now. I do doubt that a blockchain is the appropriate tool in this use case scenario. Either established technologies or a "private blockchain" could be used to accomplish the same desired features. If we can agree on those things, why can't we agree that private blockchains don't make any sense? They fill a role already filled and don't pose a clear advantage - strictly as a technology.
@_date: 2017-05-30 23:01:11
I completely agree, those are the objective technical facts. Blockchain has merit *because* it is the most inefficient redundant economically secured database in the world and I know everyone, myself included, has long cautioned that fees would come eventually. Blockspace must be finite.
But people are imperfect. They don't know who to listen to. They are primarily making judgement based on appeals to authority. We're all human. Since the humans in this protocol and in the political space are one of the largest risk factors I wish we could focus on that kind of harm reduction, the kind by making minor technical sacrifices that alone are entirely illogical for the sake of political compromises and reducing the likelihood of an attack by a mass of our peers.
@_date: 2015-10-28 18:46:22
I think you've finally got it. It's not that a private blockchain won't work - it's just a very inefficient re-inventing of a 20 year old wheel. It doesn't have any inherent advantages over existing technology, so why bother? Just implement the well understood, cheaper technology.
@_date: 2018-04-13 15:19:24
Is that what you call a whale executing a buy in the largest short market to date? Short squeezing isn't manipulation.
@_date: 2015-10-29 21:08:51


I must be misunderstanding the context of this statement and taking it too literally. I do that sometimes, sorry.
@_date: 2015-10-15 14:20:30
The biggest issues I have with Liquid are the black box pre selected company transaction signers and the hard protocol restrictions. Those two limitations create centralization and inflexibility that shouldn't exist in decentralised security - it breaks the security model of any blockchain to do that let alone a no-mine sidechain where transaction signing is the entire security of your chain.
@_date: 2018-04-19 12:01:48
You realize it isn't open to the public yet right? It is in a opt-in beta on the main live Bitcoin chain and in full public beta on the Bitcoin testnet chain. All the code that runs on Ethereums EVM is portable to the RSK EVM without a single line change. It should be public in short order, but this is how a responsible launch looks like - not with an ICO but with a tiered testing release. Just like lightning.
@_date: 2015-10-28 21:18:53
Nothing promises your "approval process" weeds out bad actors. It's a gross simplification that obfuscates the entire process of defining what is or isn't a bad actor or how to avoid them - like I said the details. You're being naive, and I'd like to think any reading of this conversation will yield an improved understanding of private blockchains for the reader, so I'm not going to try to continue moving an immovable object.
@_date: 2015-10-28 19:12:47
I outlined my primary reason in [this comment](
1. It costs more to develop when the pool of experts to draw from is smaller.
2. Proof of work/stake is a more expensive permission mechanism than any other data store employs and is unnecessary in a centrally controlled environment. 
3. Blockchains are worse in every metric by which modern databases compete such as cpu and memory usage, and transactions per second.
4. Scaling infrastructure is more efficient and better understood in traditional technologies, with existing infrastructure assembled to take advantage of existing traditional technologies.
@_date: 2015-10-28 15:12:53
Three questions: Is this for real? Why would they agree to this? How much would it cost to waterboard Ben Carson?
@_date: 2015-10-28 03:16:17
And you cannot accomplish that with a much more efficient distributed traditional database with a keypair based permission scheme because...?
Of course using a blockchain is better than the current ACH setup in North America - but it's also archaic. A proper database system using telegrams as the communications layer would also be better than the ACH system so it's not saying much. Why is a blockchain better than traditional software solutions for this use case? There is no metric I can imagine in which you would favor a private blockchain to other database technologies when designing a replacement for a banking or settlement system. Can you give me a specific, technical reason to prefer blockchains as a private database solution? The things you describe in your comment as reasons for a private blockchain are easier to accomplish in traditional software than to force on a blockchain so it's difficult for me to see your point.
@_date: 2015-10-28 18:57:44
Sure. My point is more that an immutable datastore != a blockchain.


I'd call it an immutable data store, not a blockchain. Blockchains by any definition imply a protocol based permission mechanism. I.E. mining/staking/whatever. In a private "blockchain" these mechanisms become unneccasary and have to be creatively discarded or reworked - making them completely inefficient and identically funcitonal to traditional software. Private blockchains should instead be developed as traditional software that has similar properties to a blockchain, but in reality function very dissimilar.
@_date: 2017-07-25 07:43:16
Do you find it as interesting as I do that you are in the minority in seeing this objective reality? How objective can it be if there is such contention about it?
@_date: 2018-04-06 13:23:12
When in doubt follow the blockchain. Where did the money end up?
@_date: 2015-10-15 17:02:00
That's almost the kicker. You could do all the things that Liquid aspires to do, maybe with only psuedo anonymous privacy - on a public decentralized blockchain or side chain but it's harder for a centralized entity to profit off creating it. Why have the centralized diet version of coke when I can have coke classic - because someone who isn't me wants to make money? Someone will eventually build a decentralized model similar to Liquid. I see this as a very expensive stop gap - not unlike Ripple.
@_date: 2017-05-19 14:14:46
Right. And a protocol protected by a half dozen gpu farms has a lower economic barrier to attack than one protected by warehouses of asic's. Nodes and miners need each other, considering attacking the majority of our miners is very serious.
@_date: 2018-07-23 17:32:34
I think the bullish news is going to be when they start freaking out realizing they can't keep Bitcoin in a box.
@_date: 2017-05-04 00:35:11


@_date: 2018-04-08 16:35:39
You're claiming to be affected by the bug referenced as an example of reasons they may need to patch? Do you have any details? I'm sure it would be helpful as they are still investigating whether this bug exists or not.
@_date: 2015-10-28 15:15:42
The most secure decentralized platform the world has ever seen.
@_date: 2018-04-12 22:51:51
The way the Bitmex fair price, mark price, and the underlying index and how they are composed for each instrument is described in the Bitmex docs. It will describe which external exchanges spot prices compose the index, how the exchanges are weighted, everything.
[Fair price](
[Perpetual Swap](
[The index underlying the perpetual swap BTC contract](
You are getting errors because you didn't login first.
@_date: 2015-10-24 16:22:13
I'm curious if you appreciate the technical, not ideological, reasons why the blockchain is revolutionary. It's the worlds first and most secure permissionless ledger. To create the kind of blockchain you and many in your industry describe has no benefit over a modern private software network not using a blockchain.
Why are you so focused on adopting a technology which will increase your traditional software development and operational costs while removing all benefits and innovation that technology yields? Wouldn't your time be better spent pursuing modern non-blockchain based database solutions where the benefits you seek such as regulation and safety are inherently in your own hands?
@_date: 2015-10-04 15:35:19
You'll have to help me understand - how does the existence of insurance companies personally affect you or stop you from educating people about how to take control of their money without insurance? Your world view is too shallow, it excludes most people and most financial instruments.
It's really sad how many people that support bitcoin are irrational ideologs incapable of imagining a world where people hold values that are not their own. When people like you or the protestors in this video open their mouth you make all bitcoin supporters look like shallow minded and rude knobs.
@_date: 2017-05-30 22:32:27
I think what people are referring to is the financial pressure on several use cases because of the high fees. It has made use cases like high frequency banking for the worlds poor untenable, microtransactions not cost effective, it has made business models that require low value blockspace unprofitable. To people who see bitcoin as those use cases it's "broken". It's pretty understandable that these kinds of changes are frustrating for users IMO no matter how many other use cases persist or become viable.
@_date: 2017-05-30 23:40:36
There will be negative consequences of some measure to any compromise of technical value for political value, but there are going to be political consequences to not compromising at all as well. We have to try to objectively weigh the likelihood and impact of those consequences. Is it your objective estimation that the political consequences spurred by miners, nodes, and economic actors who disagree with you and I on this issue are less significant than the protocol level consequences a 2mb blocksize would have on decentralization?
@_date: 2017-05-30 22:48:13


You don't have to convince me, but you should have some empathy for the users who were taking advantage of these use cases and have been effectively told they are idiots for doing so. Is it any wonder this population became hostile or views you as hostile to them?
@_date: 2017-05-18 23:26:50
I must be misunderstanding something. The worst case scenario - for BIP148 supporters - seems mild outside potential price chaos. But the worst case scenario being forced on political opponents to BIP148 is as severe as any worst-case contentious hardfork. Do you feel it's appropriate for the minority of a community to risk so much of the whole? Why would it be unfair for me to characterize such actions by the minority as an attack on the majority?
Edit: Having read your other comments it actually seems like the risk to BIP148 supporters is significant if they remain a minority. The majority chain can attack the minority chain at whim, and [your proposed defense]( to that is a PoW change. How are these risks acceptable? You are talking about potentially removing us from the economic backing of our economic security model. They won't join the minority chain for fear of invalidating their own, they will have a fork to stop reorgs before they will join the chain which is threatening their existence and which they politically disagree with. This seems like a terribly irresponsible way to move forward.
@_date: 2018-07-03 03:35:11
What the fuck is a local bitcoin. I bought and continue to buy bitcoin on the global marketplace across multiple exchanges and services, have been for over half a decade including yesterday when I got paid.
I also travel for both business and pleasure and I use local BTC ATMs, BTC-&gt;fiat trades with locals, and BTC for goods directly. Some places are better for some kinds of trades than others.
So yes, I'm telling you your every preconceived notion is wrong and to stop assuming you know anything about either me or how Bitcoin can be used.
@_date: 2015-10-14 01:35:38
If the rules are similar to bitcoin consensus, don't you lose all of your decentralized advantages by having your blockchain parsed and appended by a select few companies? It seems to my (mis)understanding that if the K of N signature scheme sees K parties fail or otherwise experience an attack or legal obstruction or internal fraud anything which may impede operating service for the remainder of N - it would be wise to have K be as large a number as possible. 
When you talk about this anonymous black box for signing transactions with a consensus that is apparently too fragile and important to be reviewed or left in human hands, I am really concerned you do not understand the security model of bitcoin. By intentionally restricting and controlling the points of signing you have created centralized security and a central point for failure. Even if your K is several hundred companies, by both making the rules for consensus absolute and and pre-selecting who gets to run a node you are introducing multiple attack vectors that don't exist in properly decentralized blockchains.
Could you maybe explain a little bit about why your security model is not affected by the reduced decentralization and restrictive protocol rules you have applied here? What makes this different than a K of N write access shared database - the "anonymity"?
@_date: 2017-05-19 14:11:41
@_date: 2015-11-08 22:37:01
Nope just an ass.
@_date: 2017-05-31 00:23:17


Yes, some do. At the end of the day it doesn't really matter what they want though or the results of any referendum. Users frustrated that blockspace is finite can't change the realities of node distribution or the regional incentives of delayed block propagation. If they want to fork their holdings into an alt coin who are we to stop them? It's only when they threaten the existence of a bitcoin which does maintain properties of trust and decentralization that I become gravely concerned, and those are the kinds of risks I see from actions like the UASF which "forces" nodes and miners with political difference to fork instead of allowing them to do so responsibly and of their own accord. It blatantly risks miner retaliation and leads us down a rabbit hole of potentially having to defend ourselves with a PoW change that I don't even want to touch.
If the community can avoid either of these diametrically opposed sides waging war with every tool available to them *and* there continues to be a bitcoin with strong decentralized properties I will have considered it a day won. There are certain sacrifices I would be willing to accept so long as there continues to be a compelling argument that bitcoin maintains strong decentralized properties and will continue to in the future.
I don't want to have a philosophical debate with people who can only see the world through a philosophical lens, I just want to move forward with the lowest amount of risk possible. If they feel strongly enough about their principles let there be an amicable fork.
@_date: 2018-04-13 15:29:41
I can't decide if people who get their information from youtube are more or less informed than people who get their information from CNBC. I guess it works out to be the same when the youtube commentators are just re-reporting on the CNBC bullshit. Either way, it's a close race to see who can come up with the most absurd and baseless reasons for why the market is moving.
If you want to know what the market is doing look at the charts. If you want to know what the technology is doing read the mailing list, IRC notes, and start churning through white papers. Don't try to inform yourself by watching this kind of stuff.
@_date: 2017-05-17 18:48:53
I don't know how to explain any clearer. **Your observations do not support your conclusions. That's the logical leap.**
If you do genuinely want to understand the point I am making it might be difficult. Try to reread this conversation and imagine it as though you know nothing at all about bitcoin, you won't be able to form the same conclusions. The conclusions you are forming such as "Jihan/Bitmain is buying companies like BitPay" and "we are on the way to being CorporateCoin" are based entirely on preexisting assumptions of yours. Anyone without your world view cannot come to the same conclusion because there is no evidence to support that conclusion outside of your head.
You're experiencing a very common phenomena. I hope you can manage to pull off the glasses you view the world with even a bit and examine the argument you've made critically. It's a genuinely difficult thing and I don't intend to be as condescending as I sound, but I do believe you're being influenced by your bias'.
@_date: 2018-04-29 17:52:51
It's very cold in mid-northern Canada right now and I would very much like an invite to your barbecue.
Any chance we can organize a southern bbq event for bitcoin enthusiasts? We'll call it a conference - the Bitcoin Blockchain Quorum.  At BBQ we will explore the consensus of mustard versus vinegar base sauces and see some of the latest innovations in the realm of searing meat with Bitcoin logos.
@_date: 2015-10-15 17:17:48
I mean, technically since transaction signing is the black box server Liquid is very centralized much like ripple without the tokens. The protocol itself is also centrally controlled according to the core tech at blockstream - there are no forks they conceptually aren't a thing because there is no consensus. It's maybe conceptually better than ripple but it's not what it could or should be, which is public and decentralized with a malleable protocol. The public security model is simply superior to the private one by every metric. That doesn't mean private is totally unacceptable, most systems are private, but in the future I would like our clearing houses to run public blockchains and transaction signing to be decentralized.
@_date: 2017-07-22 19:50:55
They have accepted for now the new technology but they view the fight as not over. They are threatening to split off into their own coin called bitcoin cash in a few months. They are already marketing it as the true and original vision for bitcoin and this non-existent coin has started to be traded on the futures market just today. It's debuted with something like 10% the value of bitcoin and no liquidity the last time I looked.
There is a lot of technical illiteracy in the group supporting bitcoin cash. Many honestly believe the recent segwit upgrade will destroy bitcoin despite no technical background or facts to reenforce that view. Their view is that protocol upgrades are political, not technical, and their political views have been informed by the propoganda of these mining cartels. They believe the bitcoin developers are an organized group of paid corporate interest liars who are pushing upgrades that go against bitcoins principles and will ultimately destroy it.
Bitcoin attracts a certain kind of fringe conspiracy theorizing lunatic, and of that demographic a significant percentage support bitcoin cash. A significant percentage supports bitcoin too, but of the bitcoin demographics these are the people most likely to be swayed by the mining cartel. Cartel is a bit of a misnomer, its really just one company.
@_date: 2017-05-25 04:38:18
Listen to your gut and divest some amount responsibly. There is nothing wrong with taking profit.
^^^I ^^^wish ^^^I ^^^would ^^^take ^^^my ^^^own ^^^advice ^^^but ^^^I'm ^^^not ^^^that ^^^smart. ^^^Moon ^^^or ^^^bust.
@_date: 2015-10-15 15:50:50
I'm sorry but what you describe is not a justification for the use case of a private blockchain, it is instead the justification for a distributed K of N append only database system.


This is the EXACT situation you are putting yourself in even with your private blockchain and the reason it is not superior to a distributed K of N append only traditional database system.
You have correctly identified the weakness in traditional distributed database systems that bitcoin solves - why don't you understand that you have exposed yourself to the same vulnerability?
You're right internal networks are supremely useful, but there are much superior backbone technologies to accomplish all the goals you describe than a blockchain. 
Proper key pair cryptography paired with a distributed K of N database is exactly what your use case calls for. It's cheaper to run, faster to search, easier to compress and store, easier to hire professionals for, and a better understood internal security environment for all involved.
I would like you to explain for me one use case in which your private blockchain out performs the distributed system I describe in analog to Liquid.
@_date: 2017-07-12 17:06:42
coercion: the practice of persuading someone to do something by using force or threats.
Are you asserting an embargo is not an act of force or that it is not being done as a mechanism of persuasion? If the embargoed party submits to various terms it is almost universally possible to get an embargo lifted, so how is that not force being used to persuade?
The terms of a given NAP define breaking the NAP, not your own definitions of coercion.
@_date: 2015-10-28 16:59:46
It's not hard to rationalize an evidence based position.
Evidence: Public blockchains are the first decentralized and secure public database layer to exist. They accomplish this at the expense of being grossly inefficient and using economic security (hashing) in place of cryptographic security.
Evidence: Private blockchains have a private security model, and thus are not secured through decentralization. They rely on cryptographic security which is centrally controlled just like traditional software - not economic security. They are also just as inefficient as public blockchains. Private blockchains have all the attributes of traditional software and none of the advantages of public blockchains.
Evidence: Traditional software models possess immutability, public key cryptography, and failure resistant distribution models. They are much better understood than blockchains and have been around longer than blockchains have existed.
Conclusion: Private blockchains offer no advantages over traditional software solutions. Public blockchains have clear advantages and disadvantages to private software and thus there are some use cases where public blockchains are a superior database layer to traditional database software.
@_date: 2015-10-04 16:51:09
You are wrong then. It is absolutely possible to default on a bitcoin mortgage, bitcoin insurance program, bitcoin loan or any other financial tool where defaulting is possible. It is possible to be defrauded, through fault or not. As I have said repeatedly, removing central failure eliminates one kind of insurance requirement for bitcoin but has no influence on other insurance requirements for other contexts. Reread my first post in this chain.
If "all you are saying" is that bitcoin doesn't need a central authority I wouldn't feel the need to put you in your place. You are saying insurance is a scam as is regulation and that bitcoin under no conditons needs to be insured or guaranteed - and that is the kind of obtuse misunderstanding of bitcoin that is all too typical around here.
@_date: 2015-10-28 18:50:53
You seem to think that the blockchain was the worlds first immutable database. I assure you it was not, and any immutable data store is not inherently a blockchain.
@_date: 2015-10-04 23:06:20
All he said was stability is good for people and that is not ideological. You have chosen to interpet that through your ideological blinders to be a statement incompatible with your world view, but it isn't. Stability is good for people. Stability doesn't necessarily mean no change, it means predictable change. Ordinary people are benefited to know how much value they will have in their pockets come pay day, you cannot have that without stability.
You have made so many assumptions, again based on your own ideology, beyond the simple statement of fact that stability is good for people to get to any kind of comment on price control. In your mind you think "how is stability achieved? he must mean price control!" and that's the absurd ideological assumption. There are an almost infinite number of means with which to influence the money supply be it bitcoin or fiat - are you screaming about the 21 million btc limit as price controling too? No, you aren't, because as I said you're stuck wearing your ideological goggles and you can't see your own two feet infront you.
@_date: 2015-03-02 09:36:11
I really wish you would stop this personal crusade of yours. As [GMaxwell has already scolded you once today]( "This just seems petty and vindictive to me, and also needlessly drama inducing." Of the two of you I find you significantly more dangerous than Luke-jr.
@_date: 2017-07-22 20:33:04
It's a political mess to be sure, and it delayed the bitcoin protocol upgrade for a year, but at this point if 10% of the ecosystem wants to fork responsibly I support them in doing so. It means I get a bunch of free altcoin which I can sell if I choose, the combined value of the altcoin and bitcoin likely to suprass what bitcoin was individually worth before. The market panic will also create trading opportunities. Between free money and resolution to bitcoins governance issues, as a bitcoin supporter I doubt anything negative will result from a responsible fork.
@_date: 2017-07-30 20:51:54
He knows just enough to hang himself and a bunch of other members in the community. That's much worse than knowing nothing.
@_date: 2015-10-27 22:37:37
You're appealing to their authority in finance to support their position on a new storage layer technology. Don't do that. Instead make a decision based on the merits of the arguments provided.
The primary reason private blockchains are a silly idea is they pose no fundamental advantage over other storage layer solutions. By centralizing protocol malleability or transaction signing or mining or node operation you've ruined the decentralized public security model - which is the only reason anyone bothers with the otherwise wasteful concept of proof of work. A private, centrally controlled blockchain is functionally no different from any other technology stack accomplishing the same objectives except -
1. Blockchain technology is more expensive to develop and maintain than traditional technologies since there are fewer professionals with experience - and 
2. Blockchain technology involves proof of work which is inherently less efficient than any other database storage layers write or permission mechanisms by a large order of magnitude.
By making a blockchain private you have destroyed the decentralized security that makes the blockchain an innovative storage layer solution. A blockchain without a decentralized security model is essentially a very inefficient and expensive to develop append only database.
A public blockchain protocol on the other hand is able to fork or change without authority and independent of the success or failures of any group. A public blockchain can resist censorship and cross international boundaries in ways no other technology stack can. There are definitive use case advantages to storing data on a public blockchain versus traditional software solutions. What are the use cases for storing data on a private blockchain instead of a distributed, key based permission database?
@_date: 2016-05-04 18:53:25
Wouldn't you be able to identify malicious miners in a 51% attack by their inclusion of non-standard transactions that standard node software would have included? Essentially I am proposing that one extreme measures defense at the nodes disposal could be to formalize transaction inclusion logic and ignore any chain not conforming to transaction inclusion rules. I'm interested in if you feel this would be effective.
I'm also interested in how viable a defense changing the PoW algorithm would be, which isn't affected by anonymity and would force the attacker to regain a new mining majority on the new algorithm - buying time to pursue a more significant solution if nothing else.
Do you see these as viable defensive options or is a rebalancing of the incentive model the only preventitive measure you can think to stop an in progress 51% attack?
@_date: 2015-10-29 17:59:21
Key pair signing/hashing/cryptographic proof has been a thing for a long time too. Again, the main innovation of the blockchain is combining all these elements together with the new concept of economic security via proof of work.
@_date: 2017-05-20 20:39:41
What an embarrassing mistake. I meant LukeJr. I apologize. Thanks for pointing it out.
@_date: 2015-10-15 16:48:52


My mistake, sorry. Either way I appreciate your thoughts and input in helping me wrap my head round why someone thinks this is a good idea.
I honestly would rather see a 1:1 public ledger side chain peg instead of an entirely privately run system for bitcoin markets. They exist in a decentralized system and are high risk entities, I'd like to see them secured by the entire community instead of relying on their peers or obfuscation or a single company. The system we describe above in Liquid I much favor for traditional industry, something to replace the old wire transfer systems and database syncing that we currently do.
@_date: 2017-05-18 23:46:38
It's terrifying to me that you're intentionally attacking the majority knowing full well they will retaliate so you have justification for the PoW change you've always wanted. Seems pretty disingenuous to say there are no risks involved for BIP148 supporters when weathering the storm you're creating is going to be an enormous risk, when potentially losing the entire economic security backing bitcoin transactions is a risk.
@_date: 2015-10-30 02:18:24
Yep, 100%. PoW creates a new kind of decentralized immutability based on economic assurances that cannot be matched currently.
@_date: 2015-10-05 13:43:39
Such a gross misunderstanding of the word guarantee. Fiat deposits are insured in most places, why you can't accept that as a kind of guarantee I do not know.
@_date: 2017-05-20 17:00:20
I think that the justifications for the UASF aren't as solid as supporters state, nor the risks as minor.
UASF is justified because Bitcoin is under attack. That's the argument. Whether you feel that the attack of not supporting your favorite scaling solution is actually an attack or not (by this definition any prolonged  political disagreement is an attack), BIP148 proposes responding with the full defensive capacity of the nodes on the network. The kind of defensive capacity which forces your political opponents to hard fork and risks the majority of miners wrath as response. I see BIP 148 as a call to war, a threat that the miners will either get in line or the full defensive capacity of the network will be felt.
So I have to ask BIP148 supporters, is the "attack" we are experiencing proportional to our response? No, it doesn't seem so at all. We are emptying every response option we have. I ask BIP 148 supporters, is the notion of miner retaliation really risk free? I say no, it's not. Some of the statements floating around about how entirely risk free this BIP is are disingenuous, from a perspective where ultimately fighting the miners and changing PoW is a good thing. Saying there are no risks is not a fair accounting of the risks. BIP 148 is a declaration of war.
I hope most of us can agree that political disagreement about the scaling solution to take is not an attack worth risking a PoW change over. I do support segwit, I can't support this BIP. If this BIP made any kind of effort at all to avoid reorgs for non supporters I would reconsider, but as is it is clearly an attack on those who politically disagree instead of a fork for those who politically agree. It should be the latter not the former.
@_date: 2017-05-20 21:16:11
I'd rather that too, but that's not an argument for BIP148. It's an argument for forking responsibly.
@_date: 2015-10-03 15:32:26
It's not a lie, it's subject to terms and limitations you may not like but these insurances exist and are the norm - and if you're so short sighted to believe there aren't contexts in which bitcoin or other crypto could be beneficially guaranteed or insured you obviously don't understand the limitations of the "assurance" that is proof of work. I doesn't guarantee you many things, like that the cryptocurrency comes from a legal source which could be important to some people, or guard you against your own dumb mistakes like falling for a scam. Some people and businesses will want those assurances, so get off your ideological high horse and realize that allowing people to use bitcoin the way they are used to using fiat doesn't limit your uses of bitcoin, it only expands its value.
@_date: 2015-10-29 15:57:03
Great comments on that article right now succinctly pointing out the flaws in some of the ideas presented.
@_date: 2017-07-12 18:02:37
I understand that you have your own arbitrary lines in the sand between what you are doing and malicious, but you don't seem to understand the way language works.


Those are your ethics, you're saying their attack is worse than BIP 148s attack - but that isn't an argument hat BIP 148 isn't an attack.
You can't project your definitions and ethics on the world. You should accept that if everyone campaigns like BIP 148 is an attack "liberating" bitcoin from the tyranny of miners, that if the miners perceive it as an attack, and that if the miners respond to it with attacks explicitly justifying those attacks as defensive against BIP 148's attack - that the universally accepted situation is that BIP 148 is an attack. If you want to call it something else, fine, but it's still functioning as an attack.
If it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, and everyone is exclaiming it's a duck except a couple people of little significance - it's a duck
Understand now? Language is defined by usage, not your internal logical structures and justifications.
@_date: 2015-10-18 15:27:38
As I have now explained in four of these threads, Liquid is not backed in any way by the bitcoin blockchain. It is a traditional and centralized K of N append only shared database using the bitcoin blockchain as a storage layer. It has zero advantages over non-blockchain technology since it does not make use of dencentralized security which is the primary innovation of the blockchain. Liquid has a non malleable, black box protocol controlled by a singular entity. It is a fancy system I will give you that but I see nothing innovative here - not innovative using cryptocurrency anyways.
@_date: 2015-10-28 20:17:32
I think that would be pretty neat. Any immutable ledger can be described as a chain.
@_date: 2015-10-24 21:07:56
I'm not excluding the possibility - but that would be remarkable if accurate. Specifically that there in fact were no higher fee transactions in the mem pool or that substantially lower fee transactions were included before yours. I would be very curious to examine what was occurring if you did in fact witness this.  Any chance we can get a transaction id?
@_date: 2015-10-28 20:13:36
You're clearly not wanting to have a discussion about objective realities - it's not an opinion that a secure decentralized data store requires a unique permissions layer like PoW or PoS, it's a fact. Such things did not exist until the original blockchain. You cannot take that unique permissions layer away or replace it with another and maintain the "secure decentralized" part of your protocol.
In your imagination you assign single votes to keys with no authority on who generates keys and a majority of keys vote about protocol malleability. How does this not result in a key generation race - owner of the most keys controls the network? Creating a permissions protocol is incredibly tricky - you won't create a cryptographic one, even bitcoin isn't a cryptographicacly secured blockchain. It's economic security, hence the mining. 
@_date: 2015-10-28 05:32:27
1. What about a private blockchain implies a public mempool? Example: Liquid will not have a public mempool despite being a private blockchain.
2. Immutability is not a feature which was pioneered by or is explicit to bitcoin. It exists quite naturally in other software environments and has for a long time.
3. I don't even know what you're saying or how the same "robust consistency" isn't available to traditional distributed databases. Because immutability isn't only available on blockchains you can achieve the same "robust consistency" that immutability implies.
4. Transactional accountability is only available to the people with database access - in a private blockchain which is by definition private this is the same people as it would be in traditional private software. So again, zero benefit over traditional software development as transaction records can be made equally public or private by the same central authority in both instances regardless of blockchain technology. Example: All the open data you already see in the world.
5. I completely agree with this point. I agree with avoiding overly complex protocols that don't suit the task at hand so much that I oppose the use of blockchains when more obvious and simple solutions are present. Thank you for making my point for me, because by every definition there is no "simple" blockchain protocol where as there are significantly well understood database technologies currently in use by industry professionals.
5. You know why synchronization is an issue? Because you're using a blockchain when you shouldn't be.
6. This is an inherent property of scaling infrastructure as is, and the knowledge of how various database technologies do scale with infrastructure is much better understood than how blockchain technologies scale with infrastructure.
7. You do not have byzantine fault resilience on a private blockchain. By preselecting the "nodes" or "miners" or any of the other many variables that break the decentralized security model you are introducing trust, which is the opposite of Byzantine fault resilience.
I would challenge you to demonstrate that a centralized blockchain is a common cryptographic structure "in reality" or list a more coherent variety of reasons. If the main advantage like you say is being "tamper evident"/immutability - a point you try to make about 3 times in different words - I propose that immutability is a simple process and can be achieved with any  number of industry adopted database solutions. None of the reasons you list here are specific to blockchains or address the inherent inferiority of private blockchains to competing technologies. Why do you think that achieving the features you describe would be so difficult outside of a blockchain? They were possible outside of a blockchain before blockchains were even invented.
A common structure "in reality" is centralized immutable data stores. There is no need for blockchains. I'm not saying private blockchains won't work - they will absolutely work - but it won't provide any benefits over existing software practices and will be incredibly wasteful to develop.
@_date: 2015-10-28 14:56:04
It's sad that you don't understand how this quote applies to you. Some people are emotionally invested, sure, but your arguments do not at all stand on their own merit. 
Just as a small small example of many: You start describing a system with equal hash power "alotted", but fail to comprehend that such a scenario is impossible since no mechanism for alotting hash power exists - hash power is a computations race and nothing stops party A from spending money doing more computations than party B. The idea of alotting hashpower is incoherent with the goals hashing accomplishes and mechanisms by which it operates.
Another example - this one isn't your mistake but keeps being repeated in this thread - mistaking distributed for decentralized. Centralizing even one aspect of the security mechanisms like nodes or transaction signing or protocol malleability makes the whole concept centralized because it gives the private blockchain a central point of authority and failure. Centralizing one metric of security invalidates the decentralized nature of the blockchain and makes it simply distributed, like typical software is.
Just be open to the idea that you don't know what you are talking about.
@_date: 2015-11-23 20:08:52
You're a fucking riot. I love this guy. Someone give this nut a gold star. (Obvious gold bug is obvious, perpetuates goal of supplying entire world with segregating gold ornamentation!) Seriously though fuck gold, it's really amusing me how polar opposite your descriptions are of my beliefs.
@_date: 2017-05-20 22:53:17
Yes, some users are revoking control. Correct or not, this will provoke the miners to potentially attack us for forcing them to hard fork. That's a risk that isn't being discussed. If that happens our only real defense is PoW change, which is an enormous concession for us to have to make. Losing our existing population of miners greatly affects the cost of a 51% type attack and will likely affect centralization.
Is this really an appropriate action to take when we could just fork responsibly? If it has become as bad as some people think we could do an actual fork and leave two viable chains if we wanted, with the malicious miners going one way and the rest of us another. This also cripples the new chains economic security, but at least isn't doing it in such a way as to assure a retaliatory attack.
I don't think it's as bad as all that yet. I think the "attack" of not passing segwit is exaggerated in its maliciousness and affect on the security model. It doesn't require such an extreme response yet.
@_date: 2015-10-28 19:54:13
So you concede point 1 but say it doesn't matter. It does. No one wants to pay more for something than they need to. We call those rational actors.
There seems to be a serious misunderstanding about 2. We're saying the same thing - private "blockchains" or database solutions don't need a permissions protocol. We both agree on that. If they aren't needed - why start off working with a system in which they are fundamental instead of a blank slate? Just use a database and create a permissions layer on top of it that reflects your needs.
Well, 3 was a trap - it's impossible to create a blockchain that is superior to modern data store technologies because any blockchain is inherently built on top of modern data store technologies. What makes a blockchain different from a distributed database and a few protocol rules? NOTHING! That's all it is! Surely you aren't calling every database and protocol based permission layer a blockchain are you? They've been around a long while, before the word blockchain existed. So what makes a blockchain unique from traditional data store models are the kind of protocol rules it uses for permission. There is literally no other difference. Because trust isn't as big an issue in the use case we're describing for these private blockchains, non-blockchain technologies can take advantage of the networks distributive power by trusting one another. There are a plethora of optimizations which severely reduce the fingerprint of the computational overhead that is "blockchain protocol" by eliminating trust. But at the end of the day you're left with a modern database, and a few protocol rules which have no similarity to any other definition of the word blockchain, but does have immense similarity (read: identical) to traditional software solutions.
and 4 - a blockchain that actually has no central point of authority but can be governed by the users themselves is a public blockchain and must incorporate a mechanism to create trust between users, define who is or isn't a user, and so forth. That's a public blockchain and it would require some sort of proof of work or permission mechanism that enabled trust. How can you have no central authority without compromising your position on point 
@_date: 2017-07-25 07:39:19
They aren't as far removed as you exaggerate. Are you suggesting the better course is to have no estimate because the error is too high?
@_date: 2015-10-29 15:28:22
It's many different kinds of immutability, including what bitcoin provides.
When you talk about bitcoin you are no longer talking about just immutability, it's consensus through PoW, and yes the blockchain did invent that. Private blockchains strip the consensus features, which is why comparisons to traditional immutable techniques are favorable instead of comparing them to blockchains which have a wholly unique permissions layer.
@_date: 2017-07-25 08:40:13




What is the implication of that sentence if not standard software development estimation practices should not be applied to bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-10-15 16:31:27
I completely agree. Now we're talking the same language. I feel the response you have received here has a lot to do with the fact that it's not obvious to us that you're not looking to make a blockchain at all. You want to build (or rather have built) your own database software and blackbox access points to store your cryptography.
Since you're the first to note that it has essentially nothing to do with bitcoin. why are you here? Why are you marketing so heavily as side chains and related to bitcoin technology? This seems like you're trying to give the impression in public that you posses similar technological innovations or security measures as those on other blockchains and are bringing them to institutional clients with your software.
Especially when you respond to comments suggesting that your solution has advantages over traditional distributed solutions in regards to environment security or centralization. That makes it sound like you are ignorant to the centralization you have applied to your protocol but you clearly aren't - what you mean is that your block boxes are the environmental innovation. You want your company to take over essentially the role of internal database security by obfuscating and simplifying it. That's cool, but has nothing to do with bitcoin or blockchains and is leading to a lot of confusion, at least it did for me.
@_date: 2017-05-23 20:37:31
Talking about hostility is ignoring substance for style. Who cares if it's hostile, just parse the content of the message if it offends you. These issues are too important to be swayed by politics of personality.
We shouldn't expect the best ideas to necessarily come wrapped in PR gift wrap. The skillsets of diplomacy and tact aren't universal.
You also shouldn't infer peoples position based around the observation they are rude.
@_date: 2015-10-04 20:45:35
You are putting words into his mouth and letting your ideology color what you hear. No one is talking price controls but you.
@_date: 2017-05-17 18:37:17


@_date: 2015-10-02 20:18:16
He's talking about insurance and regulation. It's not insured or regulated the way most fiat deposits are. That's the guarantee. And that's true, because bitcoin isn't a fiat centrally controlled currency there is no need to insure against the possibility that the central authority fails. There might be other kinds of insurance or guarantees you might want for bitcoin depending on your context such as insurance against theft or fraud, or a guarantee that the coins you are accepting aren't being laundered through you.
All in all, he was totally reasonable and I feel the guilty need to apologize on behalf of a vocal minority of the community.
@_date: 2015-10-29 20:23:28
Cryptocurrency using blockchains maybe, but bitcoin is not the first cryptocurrency. You have your history all wrong.
@_date: 2015-10-03 15:40:57
Does anyone know how counterparty proof of burn altcoins compare to side chains? I like that counterparty exists on top of bitcoin transactions, and it seems to me that if proof of burn is two way that it effectively is a side chain/smart contract platform.
@_date: 2018-04-18 13:36:59
Does no one remember the spam across threads that was tipping in 2013? Lets not go back to that place. It makes discussion more difficult and doesn't serve much of a purpose. If you like someones content let them know, you don't need to send them 25 cents on top of that.
@_date: 2017-05-17 18:38:55
It's concerning to me that you don't see the huge leaps in logic between your observation and your conclusion. It's the same kind of logical leap an rbtc user might make when suggesting "rbitcoin is banning users, it must be because we're successfully fighting their propoganda"
@_date: 2018-04-30 19:59:25
Do you know when we might see a formal BIP submitted? I assume the RSK BIP will be signaled largely by the Bitcoin miners adoption of RSK, but with this proposal and the politics already surrounding  the lightning stack making things uncontroversial may take some teaching moments. Very happy with this release as a first step in that engagement and looking forward to the next.
@_date: 2017-07-29 20:15:51
How long do you intend to hold? If the answer is over 6 months then any gains you make from interest will be fractional compared to your investment value gains. Why risk the whole pie for an extra 10 percent over the year when you are going to be making 100% anyways? Likewise, if everything tanks 60% or more is that tiny amount from lending going to be the difference maker? No. All you are doing is introducing the risk of losing everything. Lend some of your coin maybe when its safer, but not now and not on poloniex.
@_date: 2015-10-14 16:00:08
Honestly as a fellow developer I am not reassured you know what you are doing by your answers here. You seem to have a fairly severe misunderstanding of decentralized blockchains and have broken their usefulness by introducing several normal enterprise software operations such as strict protocol controls and black box transaction signers which your company controls. I would really appreciate a reply to my comment above explaining why you have not broken the decentralized security model.
@_date: 2017-05-17 19:01:56
That's too bad, because as I said originally when you make wild accusations like this it makes us all look bad. I hope you reconsider.
@_date: 2015-10-28 21:40:06


@_date: 2015-10-30 21:32:51
Same with immutability.
@_date: 2018-04-18 20:33:54
Yes. A Hash Time Locked Contract is an example of a smart contract used as a building block in the lightning network. These contracts aren't Turing complete for stability and safety reasons. There are also layers that add Ethereum style smart contracts like RSK which are Turing complete. You can use Bitcoin to fuel any kind of smart contract you can imagine and have that data either directly on the blockchain or resolving to the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-10-31 21:04:22
I think those numbers are misleading. It's less about individual branches mining than it is the economics of mining. Many if not most of those branches are under the same corporate banner making them the same mining entity. Also those companies are not equally large or equally successful. Mining is an economics arms race, the larger companies will form the majority of the mining power. We already see similar things happening in public blockchains, a blockchain just for say north american banks amplifies this problem. And that's assuming you can convince banks to spend an immense amount on miners, electricity, and staff in the first place. I think these are the reasons we see most private blockchains discard PoW.
@_date: 2017-05-25 14:55:32
Dare you to short!
@_date: 2015-10-29 19:30:37
It's literally the last word of that statement which is wholly inaccurate. There is obvious and demonstrated proof that all of the cryptographic concepts applied in bitcoin exist in other systems predating bitcoin and exist in academic research for decades. It's purely proof of work and the specific assembelage of components that makes blockchains unique.
@_date: 2018-04-07 16:17:42
OP I don't think you understand what a blockchain is. The photo is accurate - 99.99% of applications do not need a blockchain. The other 0.01% is Bitcoin. If you want the highest form of trust humanity has produced, only one blockchain is the right blockchain for you.
Build in layers!!
@_date: 2017-07-29 15:14:19
If the post was sarcastic it went entirely over my early morning fog brain and got me good.
@_date: 2017-07-18 15:52:47
Thanks for making sure I never feel alone, Not_Just_You bot
@_date: 2017-07-29 14:25:19
Counter party risk is the most significant risk in the btc ecosystem. Bitcoin is the power to be your own bank, why give up that unique power and let someone else be your bank for you especially when it carries so much more risk than a regular bank?
@_date: 2017-05-20 19:38:53
So because people like luke-jr are going to make a UASF happen anyway, we should all support it? I'm not about to be held up by gunpoint anymore than the big blockers are. I'll end up following the economic security of the miners if shit hits the fan. As much as I wish segwit would activate BIP 148 is reckless. I won't be intimidated into supporting it because someone makes the argument "it's so reckless that if you don't support it there will be a disaster!"
@_date: 2017-07-12 16:25:56
"plenty of time to prepare to not follow 148 safely" == hard fork. Why not do the preparation to avoid risk in BIP 148 itself? Because exposing the would-be "legacy" chain to risk is entirely the intention. It forces BIP 148 opponents to act instead of BIP 148 proponents acting themselves. How is that not coercion? Everything either of us has described fits the definition of compelling another to act (incentivized towards actions in your interest) when they otherwise would not. Whether you agree that the ends justify the means or not, can we at least agree that this is coercive behaviour?
@_date: 2016-05-03 22:53:59
Based on how this AMA was run I don't think you have any idea what you are accomplishing with this outreach.
Waiting around for 25 minutes and answering the questions you've chosen in such a poor format will do nothing but further incite anger from the community here. Such behavior would have had your AMA delisted from subs dedicated to AMA activity. The whole effort seems disingenuous at best.
@_date: 2017-07-19 21:40:30
The misconception that the "devs" are some kind of organized party that can be represented by a few is inherently wrong. If the Hong Kong agreement signers didn't understand who they were making an agreement with they can't blame anyone but themselves.
@_date: 2017-05-23 23:10:20




Not every asshole you've ever met woke up one day and decided "I'm going to propagate my message in the most inefficient manner possible!" Sometimes people are just assholes and their communication includes natural expressions of that. They aren't crafting a message for press release they are speaking their mind. Are we here to pass social judgement or are we here to discuss matters pertaining to bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-05-17 18:33:31
What I think is that you're speculating, unnecessarily. There are more than enough actual facts to make an argument one way or another don't bring fiction into it. You discredit the entire group of people supporting the policies you support when you devolve to unsubstantiated arguments of conspiracy and sensational calls to action.
@_date: 2017-07-29 20:52:47
I cannot stress enough, the risk is super prevalent. Aug 1 around the corner, hard forks abound and all the commotion at poloniex is too many red flags.
Anyways, you do what you're going to do. Welcome to the crypto community and don't let any future failures disuade you, just educate you.
@_date: 2017-07-29 19:50:15
Search poloniex in the search bar here. You know they got rid of their infamous trollbox because people were enmass complaining about delays in withdrawals, lost money, unbelievable support wait times? That alone should have been sign enough for anybody to get out.
@_date: 2017-07-12 17:51:49
I am saying that however you want to frame your actions, someone else (the party being impacted by them) doesn't frame them the same way. The impacted party universally sees it as an attack and responds as though it is an attack whether you agree with those semantics or not.
The same is true in bitcoin. Wu literally declared a block withholding attack in response to the perceived attack of BIP 148. It is perceived as an attack, and is responded to like an attack. Why does what you think it is matter when all the action dictates it's an attack?
@_date: 2015-10-28 20:48:09
You're describing a lot of public attributes, where's the private ones? Also, what stops malicious key holders who get selected from submitting false transaction data? You can't remove them after the fact, it's an immutable ledger so kicking out keys isn't an option to purge the transaction history. The answer in bitcoin is the cost to mine  and competition to mine that transaction keeps miners honest. What's the answer in sanswork-coin?
@_date: 2017-05-03 23:59:50
Yes and no.
@_date: 2017-07-12 15:35:32
"Submit to our blackmail or that's YOU choosing to split"
Sometimes I genuinely see BIP 148 supporters as children.
@_date: 2018-04-20 00:13:08
Is something they find [increasing amounts]( of nearly every year really deflationary?
@_date: 2018-04-05 17:03:40
What about this is new?
BMO are on the wrong side of this. I don't care if every bank in North America bans bitcoin - we'll make our own banks for engaging with the legacy financial system and move to credit unions.  They won't shut us down or starve us out, and their business will wither and die trying. You cannot put this genie back in the bottle.
Disclosure - I'm working for a start up which intends to build such a bank relying on smart contracts for L2+ solutions on top of bitcoin to resolve issues of trust, transparency, insurance and credit. L2+ solutions are the means by which centralized entities will gain properties of trust from bitcoins decentralization.
@_date: 2017-07-25 07:13:19
It's not perfect, thats why its an estimate and not a prophecy. There are reasons to want such estimates to fall on the side of conservative, especially if you know you are introducing a wide margin of error due to imperfect reference data.
Are you proposing there is better referential data not being considered? No. You are offering conjecture as to why these estimates could be wildly off. That's both acknowledged and part of the function of an estimate. You have decided this incredibly unimportant issue on which you have no constructive comments is worth throwing a tantrum, so you got booted there and mocked here.
@_date: 2015-10-28 21:02:35
Revoking keys isn't a useful strategy for purging a immutable ledger. And what you are describing may not be a perfectly public blockchain, but it is public by every metric I can think of. Just needs PoW or another securing mechanism against bad actors.
In fact I really think you should drop your "it's not a public blockchain" opposition or whatever this silly debate is and go out to make your quasi-public key based vote coin. I think it sounds pretty good. Just be sure to include PoW to combat bad actors. And a tokanization for paying your infrastructure and protocol costs. You simply need those things unless you want to centralize transaction signing. And if you do want to centralize transaction signing (here we go again) you might as well just build a traditional software solution in the first place because that's what they all do.
@_date: 2017-07-25 07:49:22
I explained quite clearly why you are wrong, and I don't think you understand what evidence is if you believe you have provided any. The only evidence I am appealing to is standard software development and project management practices in the methodology used to approach estimation.
@_date: 2017-05-17 18:30:42
Somehow strange does not yield conspiratorial accusation. Save that shit for rbtc.
@_date: 2017-07-12 05:20:29
You can go to a bitcoin exchange, use bitcoin to buy $100 USD, and withdraw to any account. What exactly is the difference between using a foreign currency and a bank to buy and then send USD versus using a bitcoin bank to use bitcoin to buy and then send USD? In every one of these instances you list are transmitting USD bought with a foreign currency.
What you're complaining about is that transmitting bitcoin isn't the same as all of those other use cases and it should be, when all those other use cases are transmitting USD. If you were paying people in swiss francs and waiting for it to clear the clearing houses only to expect your receiver to then buy USD with the sent francs weeks after you sent it, you wouldn't be getting the same value of USD either. That's not quite an analog to what you're doing. You're using your Mexican pesos to buy swiss francs, transmitting swiss franks to your receiver at some point in the future, who then has to buy USD with it.
You're telling me that's not absurd on its face? You're telling me that's not you projecting your misunderstanding about how currency works when you then complain on a popular swiss monetary discussion forum that swiss francs don't even do their job and aren't money?
@_date: 2017-07-12 04:43:57


You want to know why my tone is impatient? It's because you don't understand and I can't make you understand. Sending bitcoin, sending gold, sending fiat - that is sending a fixed value in each of those terms. 1 bitcoin is 1 bitcoin, 1 ounce of gold is 1 ounce of gold, 1 USD is 1 USD. You can't reasonably have expectations about what the buying power of your unit of value is going to be in a given place on the globe at a given time. That's absurd.
If you want to transmit value over a medium with less volatility in its conversion to another unit of value, don't choose bitcoin. It couldn't be simpler.
If you love the features paypal has use paypal. I again do not understand this conversation other than you projecting your misunderstandings about what value is and expecting bitcoin to be a tool that it is not.
@_date: 2015-03-01 03:15:21
The nice thing about decentralized and open source software is that Luke is free to pursue his passions to the benefit of us all and he doesn't need to take you kicking and screaming with him. Since he has contributed far more content to both the wiki and the code base of many major projects than you I'm inclined to think it should be you who mirrors the content on the wiki to start a new one and not him. If the other devs and maintainers have a problem or disagree with his direction over a shared codebase that's one thing, but as far as I know they don't. I know Nullc was in here commenting how absurd this reaction is the other day. I respect Luke because he's doing something. I don't respect you because you think making posts like this is doing something.
Stop crying and do something. You don't like the wiki? Rally a following and compete with it. We will all be better off for it.
@_date: 2017-07-12 16:43:13
The mental gymnastics required to call BIP 148 "deeply empathetic" towards the miners is actually insane. There are no words in the english language that will ever convince a person committing such mental gymnastics that they are wrong, there will be a way to justify maintaining their position regardless. I hope simple bringing to your attention that miners do not perceive BIP 148 as "deeply empathetic" to their needs is sufficient to refute the claim, and if it's not go read the other sub for a bit.
@_date: 2015-02-27 22:57:10
This community really doesn't get it. I support Luke-jr in this instance, this is an obvious move to help people who are oblivious to security concerns not make mistakes as first time users. There may be an issue of nomenclature but it isn't consequential. You're upset because he unlinked your service. I haven't looked but I assume you are hosting code which generates client side javascript private keys. The fact that you don't see why this introduces reliance on your services/hosts security re-enforces my opinion that you shouldn't be serving live code to generate keys for people, even if the key is eventually generated locally. Is there a way to do it safely? Yeah, but you're introducing problems that shouldn't be there in the first place.
@_date: 2017-07-12 17:08:39


When that persuasion is by means of force or threats it is exactly coercion. I again insist, if there is an entity who has undergone economic embargo and not considered it force or threat with intent to persuade I'd love to hear that anecdote. There's a pretty rich history for example of the US banking system black balling banking systems which don't conform to their whims which seems to fit the definition of economic embargo pretty nicely. Is that not coercion?
@_date: 2017-07-12 17:17:03


@_date: 2017-07-29 21:00:14
There is a reason rates are so high, most lenders have pulled out. You take the risk with the reward. There is never just reward. If you see reward, look for risk.
@_date: 2017-07-29 20:37:39
Treating crypto like a get rich scheme is the best way to lose money doing it. If you do achieve your goal of spending very little and earning low risk bitcoins I would suggest luck was the dominant factor.
Mining is just buying coins the long way around and historically investors have done better than miners on a per dollar basis.
If you are looking to introduce risk to your coin in exchange for their increased value, go trade leveraged contracts at bitmex. There you actually stand a chance of getting yourself rich, though like any of these risks you'll probably lose it all first. At least with leveraged trading you can tailer your risk and reward, when you are lending you are at the mercy of the rates.
@_date: 2017-07-29 22:01:52
Its the first you are hearing about it not the first it has been talked about. Did you put poloniex into that search bar yet?
@_date: 2017-07-12 15:53:04
If it was written to free you it would be a hard fork, simple as that.
It's not "trivial" for the legacy chain to remain. What about replay protection for starters? BIP 148 exposes the legacy chain to extensive risk as again, outlined by luke.
I am all for segwit but I don't think BIP 148 is an acceptable means to that end at all. Rewrite it as a hard fork and I'd be all over it.
@_date: 2017-07-25 08:05:12
So you are advocating estimation as a tool has no place in blockchain software development and believe this to be an objective reality and not at all controversial. More than that, you are so passionate and assured of how objective these observations of yours are that you are here, now, raving to anyone who will listen.
And we're all crazy.
@_date: 2017-07-24 17:13:28
I would have kicked you too. Not even a remotely productive conversation, you're just picking a fight. There are other avenues to better fight about how long rollout is going to take (which is a pretty meaningless argument int he first place), passionately disagreeing with the estimates of others after they have explained their reasoning isn't productive.
@_date: 2017-07-29 19:32:37
The benefits of being able to trade immediately and earn interest seem great, but make sure you really understand the risks. A disturbing percentage of users have been impacted by exchange fraud or security issues. I've lost ~6k myself and had a ton of near misses where my money escaped within days of disaster. Mintpal, Cryptsy, MtGox, Bitfinex - all nearly lost everything. Be very very careful and very very paranoid when you are not the one who controls your coins. It is the wild west out here. You are trusting a stranger.
Keep your ear to the ground and as soon as there are rumblings of discontent users get out. Like Poloniex right now. Get out. Even if it is safe they aren't worth the risks until they can prove it.
@_date: 2017-07-22 20:09:48
Is it simpler to believe that the market is reacting positively to something that might happen in the future, or something that is actually happening now? Your explaination of the market is unnecessarily convoluted. What supports your interpretation other than your intuition? The support for segwit being the reason for the price increase regardless of 2x happening is the strong correlation with the probability of segwit locking in increasing and the largest single day gains in bitcoin history, and the fact that BIP 91 does not specify for any future hardforks. Isn't anthing beyond that assumption on your part?
That said I also appreciate any real discussion. Have an upvote.
@_date: 2015-10-28 22:50:48
I can't give you an exact date, but immutable data structures have been a thing since at least the advent of linked lists.
Note the references are as far back as 1986.
@_date: 2017-07-25 00:50:36
When you think everyone else is crazy, and they all think you are crazy, which do you think is more likely?
A conservative estimate is required anticipating a plausible unfavourable scenario. This estimate should be based on whatever data is available regardless of how imperfectly it fits (litecoin segwit) unless superior comparables are available. Pretending the signalling and activation of BIP 91 using code that has existed for over a year and been tested extensively by every supporter and critic is some sort of rush job betrays your own ognorance of the software development process and nothing else. 
You are dumb and have an attitude problem. Of course you were kicked. Its not a conspiracy. You are just an arrogant idiot, and if you examime the reactions you've recieved I think you'll see they are perfectly in line with that.
@_date: 2016-05-03 23:18:38
I want you to understand the platform you are publishing on. Do you know what qualifications a journals editors are going to put on you before submitting? Well reddit may not be a journal, but there are certain basic steps you need to take if you would like the community to even consider your AMA.
1. Answer questions directly, not by transcribing their content. It muddles the thread and makes it difficult to carry on a conversation.
2. Be available for more than an hour to answer questions. You can't "make an appointment" with the internet, regardless of how you announce it. No one is that important here. Even popular celebrities experience PR disasters here because they are dismissive with their audience, refuse to follow basic rules, or answer questions too few or cherry picked.
This whole post including your response to me SCREAMS hubris. That doesn't play well here.
@_date: 2017-07-12 16:58:52


How is that not coercion? Why are we having this insane conversation when we could simply be agreeing it is coercion and you feel it's acceptable and I don't? That there are ways to be more malicious really has nothing to do with whether a given action itself is malicious. I'm almost certain any economically embargoed subject has considered it coercive and malicious.
@_date: 2017-07-12 17:35:43






And your anecdote of an economic embargo is someone choosing not to buy shampoo from Israel? You should be aware Israel considers these activist grassroots campaigns antisemitic and lobbies heavily against them. They are absolutely considered an attack and they are responded to at the political level as an attack, even if I think calling not buying shampoo an economic embargo is the absolute limits of stretching a term that is used to describe blockades of major ports and the financial isolation of entire regions of geography.
@_date: 2016-05-19 18:12:38
The author is really out of touch if they think SN would unite anybody. The mere presence of a unifying figure would go against many users and developers ideologies and they would reject that force on principle, much as some reject blockstream on principle. Some might heed SN's words like scripture, but they would not be a majority nor would they be able to influence the bitcoin protocol.
This isn't simply an engineer's fallacy as the author states, it's a cultural reality of the community.
@_date: 2015-02-28 16:58:30
Its a technical decision not a political one. You are speaking entirely outside of your expertise and misrepresenting the issue as policy making when its a matter of new user retention and security. Those are decisions which are technically informed and your politics don't have any place in them. Is there a single qualified developer here who thinks hosting javascript key generators and pointing to those as an example on the wikis is a good idea? Are you a qualified developer? I am, and I am telling you it's basic common sense. I am so glad the community at large does not make decisions about the future of bitcoin like you suggest. The community is reactionary and quick to act before thinking. It is prone to witch hunts and is easily manipulated into a angry mob. Take ten seconds and think about the consiquences of what you are asking for, and whether or not changing wikis to avoid security issues is the kind of gross abuse of power you portray it as. Seriously.
@_date: 2015-10-05 15:43:30
Even now, you filter my words through your ideology and put words and views into my mouth. Don't you see how your warped world view colors everything you say, including and especially the straw men you project on those you disagree with?
@_date: 2015-10-28 19:23:18
1. It will still be cheaper to outsource using traditional technologies. Way cheaper.
2. Of course you don't need those permission mechanisms, why are you using a blockchain! Why favor a technology where you have to remove a central component and re-engineer the permissions layer when you can do half the work and just build your permissions layer on top of well understood technologies using age old techniques?
3. Name for me the specifications of a blockchain which will outperform ANY modern database in the fields of transactions per second (actual output) or cumulative hardware expense. There are no properties you can apply to a blockchain that will keep it a blockchain and exceed the performance of modern data stores.
4. There is a central gate keeper on private blockchains. Example: On liquid it's the company that is developing the protocol - they control all transaction signing, node running, and protocol malleability. That's a central gate keeper. Name for me a private blockchain without a central authority.
@_date: 2017-07-25 06:48:42
You are applying the wrong method. This isn't testing a hypothesis. The scientific method is not a tool for creating risk adverse estimates for the deployment of hardforks.
@_date: 2019-05-30 02:44:45
TA is not technical discussion, it doesn't involve technology. TA posts belong in the daily thread or the price chat. I agree shitposts don't belong here in the volume they are either. That doesn't mean it should be a free for all.
@_date: 2015-10-28 20:34:31
So you suggest that not all keys are valid keys, only pre approved keys by the majority of pre-existing keys. So who issues pre-existing keys, and how do you protect yourself from bad actors in that selection process or not make that selection process centralized?
As you answer that question, consider how you would accomplish trust in this network without the source code being open. And without mining, who gets to sign and commit the next transaction to the database and decide what that transaction is? You can't commit everything at once or in parallel - it must be ordered.
The more you answer these questions the more what you are describing sounds like a public alt-coin blockchain, doesn't it? What's private about any of what you describe? No central control, publicly verifiable and accessible transaction record, decentralized means of network expansion and inclusion. That's a public blockchain my friend.
@_date: 2015-10-15 16:19:22
Well, you're right - that's neither good nor bad - I'm not casting moral aspersions just technical ones. What it does do though is discard every advantage and technical achievement of the decentralized timestamp ledger that we call the blockchain, and impose on it all the limitations of the existing industry infrastructure. It's a very expensive and round about way of getting what we already have. Where is the innovation? Why is this so special if you readily admit it's just a fancy shared private database?
I hope you are starting to understand why this community is so "negative" towards what you're describing - you haven't made clear any technical merit or innovation. I want to be excited. I think we all do, that's probably why you're getting it from all sides.
@_date: 2017-07-18 15:51:16
Does anyone else strongly dislike the guy in this video and his forced commentary? Let Yellen make a fool of herself on her own accord if that's what she's going to do, I don't need 5 minutes of this guy pontificating.
@_date: 2019-05-12 16:17:40
Their exposure is strictly what they happen to see interacting with the news or popular culture. The one guy had read a story about the mystery of satoshi and his hoard of treasure which is a pretty enticing story in its own right and the other two watch a lot of cnbc. None of them have any bitcoin nor I expect will buy any in the near future, they are still in the curious from a distance phase.
@_date: 2017-07-29 19:45:40
Read my edit if you haven't. If you are on poloniex get out, signs have been floating around for a month at least. If you didn't know this you are in trouble and shouldn't be trying to hold via exchanges.
@_date: 2017-07-12 17:13:31
The attack is the risk BIP 148 thrusts upon the network, the attack is on what some miners perceive as their future income potential. There is nothing analogous about an economic embargo and not using a product you used in the past.
This conversation very much echos a point I made earlier: the mental gymnastics required to frame this debate in the terms you have are immense. There is no convincing someone capable of such gymnastics.
You were given the literal definition of coercion, and it fits the definition you gave of "economic embargo" perfectly. Trying to weasel around that is just a semantic argument that exists solely in your mind.
@_date: 2019-05-21 02:38:38
It reduces counterparty risk. Yes it costs fees. Fees and losing a percentage are better than losing everything "maximizing capital".  It took me 3 exchange collapses just missed by weeks before I learned my lesson and reduced my risk. Learn from everyone else's mistakes so you don't have to roll the dice every day you hold on an exchange.
@_date: 2019-05-16 18:26:48
Just make sure your math is right. In your example you're shorting 4x $5 or $20 total, which doesn't cover your $100 in bitcoin. You want the positions to be equal so as to cancel each other out thus eliminating the price movement risk.
@_date: 2018-04-22 22:56:45
How is it a valid question to ask "even if I know they dont" take Bitcoin? It's not being done out of a desire to know the answer, the question exists solely to seek attention when you already know the answer. Instead of sitting the owner down like an adult and explaining the value proposition OP sees in adopting bitcoin for their business, OP would rather take it up with the cashier by asking questions they already know the answer to in the hopes the cashier mentions it is being requested. I.E. for attention. It is unbelievably annoying and I hope no one takes their suggestion to evangelize like this seriously.
@_date: 2018-04-02 14:07:36
He is right they have been Bcash shilling. If you are only thinking of how life can be easy for you as a service provider, like OB or Satoshi dice, more block space is amazing. Let me throw unlimited amounts of data at the blockchain to run my business! The nodes are effectively subsidizing these businesses at the expense of the long term sustainability of the network. To most businesses that  will always be an easier implementation than doing work offchain.
It's selfish and destructive to the network, but it is easier. Most selfish and destructive things are easy.
@_date: 2019-05-13 18:28:51
Please do! As the BCH/S2X drama demonstrated we need politically aware node runners as a last resort against attacks on the network from miners. We also need node runners to facilitate SPV wallets and block downloads. YOU need to run a full node because if you don't you are trusting someone somewhere, it's the only way to verify the blockchain yourself. You can learn everything you need about running a node at  including OS specific installation instructions.
@_date: 2019-05-02 16:18:40
I think you're right, it's all about investment (and circumventing traditional investment controls).
@_date: 2019-05-15 23:16:16
It's not designed to fail, it's designed to accomplish objectives unrelated to the preservation of wealth. As a community we like to pretend that modern economic policy is useless but it isn't, it does the job it is designed to do extremely well. Stimulating spending, investment, and reducing stagnant money supply are all desirable goals for a government where as citizens uninvested savings holding value is not their priority at all.
@_date: 2017-07-13 17:51:41


Read what you just wrote and tell me that isn't the modus operandi over at btc. You see the situation exactly as they do and are acting as immature as they do.
@_date: 2019-05-09 05:27:06
Anyone can contribute to Core.
@_date: 2019-05-16 17:33:26
You hold bitcoin. You want to lock in a dollar value of your bitcoin for a period of time. You don't want to risk all your bitcoin sitting on exchange.
So you take say 1/5th of your holdings and deposit on a leveraged platform like Bitmex and you short a long term futures product at the total value you want to lock in at with 5x leverage thus creating an order that represents your entire holdings.
If Bitcoin price goes up, you lose Bitcoin but what Bitcoin you have will continue to be equal to the total dollar value you sold them at. If the price goes down, you earn Bitcoin such that your total Bitcoin will be equal to the total dollar value you sold them at. When the futures close and your position is exited you can then decide to lock in the value of your Bitcoin again on another futures contract or not.
@_date: 2019-05-10 16:56:23
What terribly flawed commentary. The first article revolves around a false premise that outrage stopped binance from 51% attacking, when the reality is the difficulty in organizing an attack and the rapidly exploding cost of that attack and the resistance that attack would face from the rest of the security actors of the protocol stopped the attack. Everything flows from the false premise outrage and benevolence are what saved Bitcoin, and there is no evidence for either being true.
@_date: 2017-07-13 18:25:54
You don't agree that your arguments and misplaced passion are a direct mirror to that of the rbtc community, and that the words you typed could easily pass for a typical rbtc position, say from ytmd, defending his constant "exposure" of the "lies, distorted facts and... hidden agendas" of what he considers "Core"?
@_date: 2019-05-20 21:33:09
Your phone number is valuable to them. It won't stop until it is forced to stop. I brought your point up at my company and was shouted down because "most users don't have a 2 factor app/device available and we need the phone number anyways" . I pointed out that the NIST said it was bad practice, and they pointed to companies bigger than they are also using SMS 2FA as justification for why it was still "best practice" .
@_date: 2019-05-14 14:43:25
What a boneheaded move. Would he blindly buy everything that gets offered on Dragons Den without understanding it? Of course not. He set himself up to fail so as to assure himself it's all 'garbage'.
@_date: 2018-12-10 20:51:03
What's stopping them from being holders now? This seems a lot more like a PR campaign than it does a celebration, which is fine and dandy but for the bitcoin holders this doesn't seem like anything we can even participate in. We already control our keys and coins.
I also think the issue isn't one of awareness, everyone who has their coins held on an exchange knows the mantra "Not your keys not your coins". These are people actively choosing to insert middlemen where none belong. Will a PR campaign calling itself a celebration help with that?
I literally just saw another post promoting this "event" and it suggested everyone redeposit their coins the day after the event! Even the people promoting it don't agree what it is set to accomplish. To them it isn't about promoting storing your own keys it is a test run on the exchanges.
@_date: 2018-12-01 18:06:28
They have a history of attacking the protocol such as with S2X and the NYA. They promote custodial solutions above all else. Can there be any argument that they are not an enemy of the protocol? I don't give a damn what they have done for adoption or price - those users aren't ever even touching Bitcoin or interacting with the protocol unless they withdraw.
@_date: 2019-05-15 23:39:44
Segwit on LTC before BTC, BCH just implemented the schnorr BIP, confidential transactions in elements/liquid/GRIN whoever else has them, and GRIN has also implemented dandelion and mimblewimble. There aren't many good ideas in the altcoin space that don't start in the Bitcoin space, and we get to use the altcoins as a testing ground for the viability of those ideas.
@_date: 2019-05-16 21:18:52
That's no better than holding funds on an exchange. You're relying on the issuer of the stablecoins solvency and competency.
@_date: 2017-07-12 15:43:47
BIP 148 is in its inherent mechanisms coercion. It forces opposing parties to fork. It doesn't have to. BIP 148 could trigger a responsible fork itself taking proponents with it, but that's not how it is written. It's written to compel segwit signalling through consequence.
Just read the announcement post in which luke extols the dire consequences for non-supporters and the lack of risk for proponents.
@_date: 2018-12-13 18:24:59
Part of the conditions of removing the federation is having a majority of Bitcoin miners merge mining (which is already the case). They are running full BTC and RSK nodes which is how they can verify the relevant information.
This does bring up something interesting to me though - what happens if RSK loses miner support as a percentage of BTC miners - does the peg stop functioning? It might.
@_date: 2019-05-07 02:12:01
This is what I am excited about. Complex scripts will be a fraction of their current cost. Fungibility is fantastic, but I will personally benefit from cheaper complexity more.
@_date: 2016-07-30 19:36:45
... What? Bitcoin exists on a public ledger, it's impossible for it to be 'just poof, gone'. Even when you intentionally burn btc it isn't just gone, it's just not spendable.
Bitcoin usability problems revolve around the difficulty many users have in understanding the nuances of its usage. Block propagation times, confirmations, and wallet security are all subjects which may be counter intuitive to a user new to bitcoin. I have to assume these are the kinds of problems you're talking about, because your post is otherwise somewhat incoherent.
@_date: 2018-12-05 03:00:32
You don't have to see me prove it, you can just read how the people claiming it lay out evidence for it. How much power in China is coal has nothing to do with renewables curtailment.
@_date: 2018-12-06 03:59:53
Sorry, I can't even apply the matrix references anymore without thinking of those self proclaimed "red pillers".
Thanks for the research.
@_date: 2017-07-12 03:29:27
I don't understand at all what your problem is. If your issue is "they don't have a chance to withdraw for the amount I want them to!" then deposit directly to an account that auto-converts to fiat. I think this is incredibly stupid in the first place and your concern of "what if I overpay/underpay them" is absurd on its face. You can't use bitcoin to pay someone in fiat. You use bitcoin to pay someone in bitcoin. If your goal is to pay someone in fiat you are using the wrong tool for the job and that is the entirety of the reason for your frustration. The exchange fees and withdrawal/deposit fees  and the buy/sell spread on either end are going to be as bad as any other fee based fiat system, so why are you using bitcoin for this at all if your receivers don't want to receive bitcoin and you don't like the inherent properties of bitcoin?
@_date: 2019-05-23 15:58:26
If you send bitcoin to any site that facilitates any gambling, even if legal, or any unregistered exchange, or any other business that might run afoul of US regulations or laws gets you banned.
@_date: 2015-10-15 15:31:14
You mean a decentralized security model? A blockchain without a decentralized security model is a very inefficient append only K of N shared database. It offers no tangible benefits over currently existing database techniques or technology. What exactly is the point of a blockchain without decentralized security? That is the entire innovation.
@_date: 2019-05-30 02:20:18
You clearly have not done the math on this. An append only data structure that must be validated for eternity for each new protocol participant doesn't scale.
If you can't have a debate in good faith you'll find yourself removed from the sub - which I suspect is exactly your intent.
@_date: 2018-12-10 00:36:48






So you want to spend from derivative keys but not have used the master seed to get the derivative key and also not store any other derivative keys, but you do want to store one derivative key. That's kind of an arbitrary limitation isn't it? If you're willing to store one key why not make it the master seed? You don't intend each of these child keys to be independent from the master seed after all, they all implicitly have the same owner.
@_date: 2019-05-29 23:16:04


I strongly disagree.


The entire point of the daily thread is so that low effort content and price discussion can happen there. It's a valuable thread to have that frees up space on the front page as part of combating the very problem we are talking about.


The automod removes more low quality content than you could ever appreciate and does the work of a dozen moderators. What do are proposing will not replace that automod function simply exemplify how desperately it was needed.


You just described the problem of low effort posts, congratulations.


Please do solve the problems of front running atomic swaps for example if they are so trivial, I eagerly await a more robust atomic swap environment. I'm also pretty eager for AMP and a more user friendly lightning experience so if you want to get to that since it's so trivial to develop and review I'd appreciate it. If anything qualified reviewers are in desperate need. Please do contribute.


Bitcoin is not about growth first and foremost, it is about the technology you so eagerly dismiss. Adoption is only relevant in so far as it results in a more secure and stable network. Lightning has plenty of funding with three separate sponsored implementations. Not all problems are a matter of throwing dollars at them.


I have no idea what you are talking about. It sounds like you publicly commented on your holdings and were warned it is dangerous to do so. Which it is.


Who is stalking who? What are you talking about? Quote for me one place where anyone in this community has encouraged stalking - they will likely be banned.
It sounds like you are projecting your own experiences onto the whole and are largely misinformed about both how moderation in the sub functions and the diligence required for a decentralized implementation of sound money securing billions of dollars.
@_date: 2019-05-23 18:44:02
The first tenet of this community is don't trust, verify. Don't read where support is, support moves around every minute as orders are put up and taken down. Go verify where support is.
@_date: 2019-05-12 16:05:11
I've got a contradicting anecdote. Went to the bar last night and I had three acquaintance's ask me about Bitcoin related things. One wanted to know who Craig was and what the deal was with his lawsuit, and the other two wanted to know why the price was going up.
@_date: 2015-10-24 20:21:58
So you're telling us some esoteric clients with an unknown transaction inclusion rule set mined every block in those three hours, and that is the reason why your 1.2 cent fee transaction was not included - not because there were many transactions with higher fees but the specific inclusion rules of those clients which mined blocks excluded your transaction despite it having the highest available fee. Am I understanding your frustration correctly?
@_date: 2019-05-21 17:12:44


Not another, a singular. You keep reference funds held on multiple exchanges. It's the difference between holding 10-25% of your funds at risk in an exchange or 100% of your funds at risk in an exchange and in both cases you keep trading. You hold your funds in COLD STORAGE.
This whole keeping funds at two bank or two exchanges thing, you've entirely missed the point. You keep describing additional counterparty risk not reduced counterparty risk. You say you understand but then keep demonstrating you don't.
@_date: 2019-05-21 20:34:27
I think you have demonstrated what is and isn't stupid and we can leave it at that.
@_date: 2019-05-02 15:50:36
I'm curious what motivates people to buy these centralized alts. Is it just blind gambling? I expect a lot of new users to all coins are just blindly gambling. There seems to be a common path many users follow from 'get rich quick with bitcoin' to 'get rich quicker with altcoins' to 'there is no getting rich quick, I might as well learn something' to 'altcoins are rubbish, hold bitcoin'.
@_date: 2019-05-21 23:12:05
I wouldn't call half the people here traders - as evidenced by the fact so many don't understand the use of derivatives or leverage or how to assess risk. Like you and OP.
Some people deserve their losses. OP is one of them. You will be too.
@_date: 2019-05-31 16:34:10
The university is a centralized authority and their diploma is testimony to that authority. The goal is to stop degree fraud not replace the authority of the university with something else.
@_date: 2018-12-18 20:05:26
The number of trolls in this thread is really encouraging. So many salty people eager to misunderstand. The irony is this is their chance. Will they be kicking themselves next time we hit 20k? No. That would require admitting that after ten years Bitcoin has some sort of value. They will be singing the same salty tuned in the next bubble as they are right now, just as they have for every bubble and bust before this.
I honestly love these people. When you engage them about Bitcoin at all it betrays a deep misunderstanding about its function and mechanisms if any understanding at all. I've yet to meet one of these salty anti-bitcoiners and not exit the conversation with more resolve than when I entered it.
@_date: 2018-12-05 03:26:32
Only when their replies betray the fact that they didn't.
@_date: 2019-05-29 20:16:36
120-140k seems a little nuts.  I wish someone would setup a conference that took place entirely online. All the expenses described like venue and food and travel don't need to exist in an online environment. The only real benefit I see to a physical conference is the drinking that takes place afterwards.
Anyways, I'll be enjoying the stream. Traveling across the world to enjoy this content isn't something I can justify.
@_date: 2019-05-23 17:10:15
Microtransactions are best done through layers. Thinking that the base layer should be used for microtransactions is to think that the worlds global decentralized data set secured by billions of dollars in hashpower and a hundred thousand nodes should be for recording transactions for turning the page of a book for all time. It's just incoherent on its face. Those transactions are abstracted so they aren't individually recorded - do that stuff off chain where it is cheap.
@_date: 2018-12-10 00:09:01
You have me so so so lost. The amount of coins in an address has no bearing on anything, neither does the volume of transactions.
@_date: 2018-12-13 17:20:21
You seem to be constantly mixing up the **federated peg** and the **decentralized drivechain**. They aren't the same thing. I keep trying to make that clear to you but you just aren't getting it.
@_date: 2018-12-08 22:03:18
I very much appreciate your responses in this thread. Thank you for helping me understand soft forks can be attacks, and there is some overlapping area between a soft fork and 51% attack wherein one can be enabled by the other.
@_date: 2018-12-31 16:20:27
My god, is this crap going to be on every front page from now until the end of time?
I don't care what Jordan come lately thinks about what Time thinks about Bitcoin. Seriously who is promoting this garbage?
@_date: 2019-05-15 13:01:59
While 100% true, Bitcoin doesn't need to compare itself to anything. No industry the size of Bitcoin is as "green" as Bitcoin, it should be the envy of sustainable industry the world over on its own world leading merit.
@_date: 2018-12-01 16:43:16
I think you are mistaken, Bitcoin hasn't been mined by GPUs in any effective manner since 2013. You mean ethereum probably, which was recently mined by GPUs.
@_date: 2019-05-28 16:18:19
I read the first few words where you misunderstand the security properties of a blockchain and didn't continue.


None of the properties of immutability derive from a blockchain as a data structure. Anyone can reorg a blockchain. Proof of work is what secures a blockchain with any value.  Otherwise a blockchain is just a glorified linked list.
@_date: 2018-12-09 17:18:14
How did they steal your coins? In almost all instances of coin theft it's the users carelessness that leads to the theft.
@_date: 2019-05-16 02:18:43
That is exactly the thinking. A dollar invested in a national company is more valuable to the country than a dollar not interacting with the economy at all.
It's a balancing between the collective and individual good. Many people in this community feel it errs too far on the side of collective good at the expense of individuals as their uninvested worth erodes, but I think those people ignore the facts that most modern economies pose financial policies which make the rich richer and the poor poorer. Investments have been a fantastic mechanism of not only wealth preservation, but wealth growth and they are only available to those with disposable wealth. These policies have been an enormous boon to individuals at the expense of the whole despite being often criticized for the exact opposite, as individuals bemoan their decaying dollars purchasing power.
@_date: 2019-05-30 22:11:01
The new address formats haven't standardized signing messages yet.
@_date: 2018-12-04 19:21:16
I bet life is a lot easier when you can just dismiss anything that clashes with your world view instead of evaluating it's merit.
@_date: 2019-05-21 23:39:32
If you are holding dollars then you are already being robbed more per year than I have ever spent in yearly fees. Enjoy your 250k FDIC insurance for however long the banks let you use their money. I'll enjoy my bitcoin that doesn't require any permission to use or any insurance to keep a fraction of it safe.
@_date: 2019-05-21 17:18:31
You keep repeating it back demonstrating you don't understand. If I know what I mean to say, and you attempt to repeat it back to me and I tell you that you've misunderstood, who do you think is the authority on what I meant to communicate and whether your paraphrasing my statements is an accurate reflection of the message? Is it you? No. It's me. I am telling you that you don't understand and that why it is ridiculous. Of course what you are explaining is ridiculous. That's not what reducing counterparty risk looks like.
@_date: 2018-12-04 16:09:39
It isn't, it very clearly lists the provinces and curtailment data as well as sources outside China. I don't understand why people who won't read the research are so quick to jump on it in condemnation. Why is that?
@_date: 2018-12-13 18:41:23


It's in the hands of the federation 100% regardless of the miners until the federation is dissolved. The federation ceases to exist or perform a function post-RSK and post-BTC fork.
51% is already reached and has been reached for some time.
I am curious what happens if the number of merge miners falls below 51% post-forks but that's not really the misunderstanding you are having.
@_date: 2018-12-14 16:31:45


The OP is.
@_date: 2018-12-04 03:09:30
You can't even read the data. You're scientifically illiterate. I assume you claiming I have a "general lack of engineering or science" is you covering an insecurity. It's just sad. You could just try reading the report but you can't allow yourself to be wrong.
The data is not suggesting thirty percent of electricity is solar. You don't even know what you're arguing against because you aren't literate.
@_date: 2017-07-27 00:40:24
I dont see anyone asserting a level of support for segwit2x, I see people dismissing the consensus of this echo chamber as consensus from an echo chamber. Fairly different ideas, don't you think?
@_date: 2019-05-14 20:08:39
So many people get stuck on the power usage without realizing that 76% or more of Bitcoin energy usage is renewables curtailment, it makes renewables more profitable, and it is a functional necessity to create a decentralized security model where attacks have a cost.
I'd love to post endlessly correcting the misunderstandings in that thread, but brigading np links isn't cool.
@_date: 2019-05-08 18:14:52
According to you I am completely correct. No exchange insures 100% of user deposits, including Coinbase. No exchange makes public the conditions of its insurance paying out. No exchange is reputable and trustworthy, least of all exchanges with a history of attacking the protocol like Coinbase.
What are you talking about trying to use Coinbase as an example of a reputable exchange?
@_date: 2018-12-09 23:43:31
Now you've really lost me. Why couldn't you continue to use the addresses in your first HD wallet all generated from the same master seed as change addresses?  Why would you need a new HD wallet?
@_date: 2018-12-06 22:41:38
I don't know how long coinshares has been around and I try  not to evaluate research by who funded it or performed it, but rather the soundness of its assumptions and reproducibility.  I can reproduce this same conclusion using the same publicly available data, that sways my opinion.
I have no affiliation with this company and had never heard of them outside this and another publication. I was/am simply frustrated that for all the people taking time to comment against the conclusion, none have bothered to read it. In fact the vast majority of these comments are refuted by the paper itself, such as that coal is the largest source of power generation in China - a fact irrelevant to the trapped  renewable curtailment in the highly renewable penetrating (90% penetration) regions where mining is occuring.
@_date: 2019-05-13 18:20:49
What makes a network are its participants running its code. That's where the valuable properties such as immutability and function and security derive. Litecoin has a different hashing algorithm and a few other constants changed but it is similar in code base to Bitcoin. It doesn't have the same properties of Bitcoin though because it lacks Bitcoins miners, node runners, and economy.
@_date: 2017-07-12 18:45:39
Again what you think an attack is doesn't matter. It is not false that both sides are acting like it is an attack, responding like it is an attack, as I have outlined for the last several posts. All evidence of action indicates people are acting on this as an attack regardless of rhetoric.
How you see the situation or how you would act differently to actually attack or how you view the miners is entirely irrelevant. 
@_date: 2017-07-12 18:11:58
What I believe, what you believe doesn't matter. What the aggregate ecosystem acts on matters, and both sides are acting like it is an attack. Everything else is semantics.
@_date: 2018-12-30 08:35:33
Thanks for the work luke.
I've never used Knots, looking over the features divergent from Core nothing really jumps out at me as something I am desperate for. Why should people choose to run Knots?
@_date: 2018-12-04 16:27:16
Or instead of making assumptions you could just read the research? It is very clear that every comment opposing this research's conclusion hasn't read the paper as their rebukes are full of assumptions about the research's methodology and data that aren't true. For example: this comment assuming that coal power is being labeled as renewable energy output by some corrupt Chinese bureaucracy as opposed to reading the data from Deutsche Bank Research about renewable energy curtailment.
@_date: 2018-12-23 19:28:58
That's a terrible idea! It's supposed to be a low trust asset! If your friends and family aren't prepared to trust no one but themselves DO NOT GIFT THEM BITCOIN.
@_date: 2018-12-08 19:59:22
Cite for me any soft fork which by design orphans consensus valid blocks. Calling it a soft fork doesn't make it one, it's an attack.
Just like if miners decided to block all blocks that contain a US blacklisted utxo and orphan them. Not a soft fork, that's an attack. Soft forks mechanism of function isn't orphaning all consensus valid blocks that they don't like. That's a 51% attacks mechanism.
A softforks mechanism of function is to define a subset of function within the scope of consensus and enable it,allowing full backwards interoperability and certainly not by design orphaning any currently valid blocks.
Segwit orphans no blocks, my line of reasoning is absolutely not bcahshers line of reasoning. You can publish a block identical in structure to one before August 2017 it is fully backwards compatible as are all soft forks. What you describe is not backwards compatible if those blocks are intentionally orphaned. Orphaning blocks you disagree with by relying on 51% of the hashpower to build a longer chain is a 51% attack .
Edit: This text is incorrect, segwit does orphan any legacy structured block and a 51% can simultaneously be a softfork. I stand corrected.
@_date: 2018-12-20 20:34:24
They both have the volume of a few thousand USD worth. What's your point? That no one is using bisq?
@_date: 2019-05-30 06:41:04
There are reasons to use legacy addresses, for example preserving the ability to sign messages.
There is no convincing everyone to use one address format, people will do what they want and that's perfectly fine. Every time the blocks get full and the fees get high more people will consider switching or moving off chain but it's their decision not ours.
@_date: 2018-12-12 17:34:17
For example any elements project has zero knowledge proofs, including layers like liquid. There are also other less ideal anonymizing toolsets like mumblewumble and coinjoin. Dandelion is also an excellent privacy improvement replacing TOR. RSK literally uses the Ethereum Virtual Machine. Any valid ethereum project can be run directly on RSK.
@_date: 2019-05-14 18:43:43
He's already publicly said that like most jobs he needs done he'll contract it out if he loses.
@_date: 2018-12-04 16:19:57
You could always read the research and see exactly how they come to the conclusion they do and the methodology used. That would certainly be more responsible than a blanket dismissal based on assumptions that could be disproven by simply reading it.
Their argument revolves around renewables curtailment in a handful of provinces where all the mining is.
@_date: 2018-12-05 19:01:45
I swear I've seen this thread a dozen times before, even with binance commenting. Something about phishing or a criminal investigation if I recall. Why haven't you taken the matter up with a lawyer or law enforcement instead of reddit? All you are doing here is spamming.
@_date: 2018-12-13 16:56:56
It's explicitly what is stated in the same FAQ you cite. Seems somewhat contradictory to cite their FAQ in one spot supporting your argument and ignore it in another. And if for some reason they don't it's entirely open source, the community can choose to fork it at will if there is fear of a hostile RSK take over.
Pretty backwards though to propose a BIP that makes your federated peg irrelevant, design a system where your federated peg is a stop gap solution at best, then ignore it when you get everything you have specified and been trying for. If they didn't want to lose the federation why do so much work to lose the federation?
@_date: 2019-05-16 01:51:23
It isn't because it reduces GDP, economic growth, and tax base. You need people to spend money to earn sales taxes, you need people to invest money to reduce unemployment and increase payroll taxes and stimulate business development. Money sitting in a bank account is a detriment to a government, they want to use tools like inflation and interest rates to convince you to move it and this is generally to the benefit of the whole citizenry.
Unfortunately like all tools these policies can be misused and abused. Bitcoin creates an offramp from local economies where this has been the case and encourages governments to be responsible and aware of the costs poorly implemented financial policies can have - as if they misstep there is suddenly a readily available alternative economy for citizens to escape to.
@_date: 2019-05-23 18:23:01
Because ethereum is so lacking of the only thing novel in this space - decentralization - that there was a period where running a full node (what they call an archival node) was literally impossible for the amount of resources it took. They have so few nodes controlled by so few parties that they have called off a hardfork with a central decree just moments before it is supposed to launch. They have a scaling plan which literally involves throwing away the entire current blockchain due to unmanageable blockchain bloat over the next ten years - which is exactly why the bitcoin community told them not to structure their blockchain the way they did in the first place all those years ago.
Does etherum make writing contracts simple using standard programming conventions unlike bitcoins stack based scripting? Absolutely, at the expense of security in the form of countless smart contract "hacks" a year that are really just developers who don't know what they are doing because it is so "simple" to mess up turing complete smart contracts. Which is why they immediately abandoned the "code is law" mantra during the DAO in favor of "whatever the etherum foundation wills" is law. If the people who wrote the smart contract language can screw up on such an unbelievable scale as to fork the entire chain to recover funds what are the average developers chances? We see the consequences of that playing out constantly.
Ethereum is exactly what every player in the Bitcoin community warned it would be when we rejected going that direction ourselves and decided to build in layers.
So in answer to your original question - of course using centralized tools for microtransactions is easier. If you want to do that, just use properly centralized tools and not ethereum. Or use off chain solutions which resolve to Bitcoins security model and gain the security and censorship resistance of decentralization. Either way, the answer isn't ethereum.
@_date: 2019-05-07 08:46:00
Imagine a giant flow chart. This is your script, the logical flow you follow to reach a result - in this case a valid bitcoin transaction. When you follow the flow chart you will find that you don't travel through most of it. You run into conditionals forcing you to choose one box or the other in the flow.
Right now you would have to publish the entire script flowchart to send your transaction. It could be big depending on how complicated the flow chart is and big means more expensive transactions.
Taproot + MAST enables you to only need to publish the part of the flow chart you actually travelled through to create your transaction. This makes it much smaller and cheaper.
What specific examples? Any transaction involving a conditional. Lightning channels, multisig, any script you can think to make with your programmable money.
@_date: 2018-12-13 16:23:36
No, that's not how RSK works. As I said three times now, the RSK BIP resolves the multi signature custody issue if ever passed. The federation currently securing that peg isn't also securing the sidechain or forming consensus beyond the peg, that is being done directly by Bitcoin miners. The peg is the only issue, and will be resolved if ever a BIP is passed resolving it. At which point the BIP passes the federation is dissolved.
@_date: 2018-12-05 03:01:19
They draw from dozens of sources. I don't think you've bothered to read it, but you have bothered to reply to me 4 times.
@_date: 2018-12-14 16:30:42
Not a troll not missing the point. You want an artificial run on exchanges the n to immediately go back to business as usual. It's a stupid, stupid campaign. 
@_date: 2016-07-30 21:55:46
It's almost like you didn't read a word I wrote but reflexively threw up a strawman anyways. "Selective reading" indeed.
@_date: 2017-07-29 19:57:14
People have been convincing nubs to buy or sell whatever in troll boxes since the dawn of crypto. They shut it down because a critical mass of users were becoming outraged at the admins for a lack of support. Like I said, as soon as you hear the discontent rumblings of ussrs get out.
Are they for sure fucked? Not at all. But these are the warning signs and you and your boss would do well to heed them until they can demonstrate they are solvent.
When just holding crypto is hundreds of percent gains over a year or two, and lending it is only a couple percent, why take the risk? Just enjoy the safe gains of holding when the risk becomes too high and right now it is as high as it can get in the space in general.
@_date: 2018-12-24 23:45:14
You are completely wrong. The efficiencies lower the cost of mining, the cost of mining being the defining economic cost in Bitcoins economic security model. To make Bitcoin more efficient whether through the natural progression of mining hardware or through use of a less energy consuming algorithm is to reduce the security of the Bitcoin network. That security is only restored through increased hashrate and energy consumption, which thankfully is exactly what happens as miner hardware improves and old miners are displaced. To have a more efficient algorithm or miners and create the same cost of mining implies similar power usage and hardware costs, which are the principle costs of mining.
It's not wasteful at all and wishing it was more power efficient is analogous to wishing it was less secure. Power usage and economic cost to run the network is entirely the point of the network, it's not a problem to be solved it's a solution to a problem.
@_date: 2018-12-13 18:28:32
You have repeatedly suggested it is either federated or a drivechain and confused the roles of miners on the chain.
@_date: 2018-12-04 20:38:07
The report also doesn't use any Chinese sources as the sole source.
@_date: 2019-05-30 01:37:29
No, but blockchain data is. Do you not realize that the entire blockchain is immortal for the life of Bitcoin? Every transaction recorded for the entire life of Bitcoin. Every coffee. Every gumball. Do you really feel that is an appropriate use of the worlds most expensive source of immutability? If you do that's fine, but you have to expect competition for the resource and to pay for the privilege. I'd rather transact for coffee off chain where the fees are cheap, resolution instant, and secured by bitcoin PoW.
@_date: 2018-12-02 00:54:15
And by that logic since Bitcoin is my profession you can take advice on it from me.
I am successful, thanks for asking.
@_date: 2019-05-19 16:47:20
It doesn't help the chain, and as others note the big benefit is to yourself, but it does help the network. We need nodes for SPV clients to connect to, we need nodes for other nodes to download blocks from, and we need **independent** node runners acting as security actors keeping miners in line should they stray. On this last point about security, whether you run 4000 nodes or 1 node your impact is the same since you only represent one person's economic activity. A network with 3000 different node runners is more secure than a network with 1 node runner and 4000 nodes. Nodes cannot Sybil attack the network since they can only influence their own consensus. If the 4000 nodes owned by 1 person disagree with the 3000 owned by the rest, the 4000 person is now on a useless network entirely by themselves. They cannot sybil attack, only define their own consensus for themselves.
@_date: 2019-05-22 14:38:48
Nothing crazy about it. You're talking about people who aren't interested in short term gains, people who are looking at a 5+ year timespan. These are no different than people who eagerly buy the stock market when it dips. Thinking of them as crazy or abnormal compared to their stock dip buying peers is a way to make Bitcoin supporters seem crazy while those exhibiting the same exact behavior in the stock market are seen as savvy investors. Don't buy into their labels, just keep investing as best fits your strategy.
@_date: 2018-12-04 01:34:00
It's not me claiming curtailment, it's a handful provinces of China and Deutsche Bank Research claiming it and it is the reality of current power trends in the world.
Since again you can't be bothered to read the research I will paste the relevant data here for you sourced from Deutsche Bank Research and the Chinese National Energy Agency 
Bitcoins power usage impacts its security and is a virtue of the network. That an enviable percentage of it is green energy, more than any other industry its size, is a virtue of the network. What bubble are you talking about? It sounds to me like you're ignoring the data in front of you in favor of your assumptions.
@_date: 2018-12-30 20:31:18
You can apparently use a Trezor, your own hosted version of the TrezorBackend, and Core/Knots though I haven't seen or tried it.
@_date: 2019-05-21 23:53:24
A hedge isn't insurance, but I completely understand you can't tell any financial vehicles apart let alone describe their uses.
@_date: 2018-12-01 22:27:36
Then use an investment platform like the CBOE or CME or vehicles like GBTC. Then you don't have to trust them to hold any Bitcoin. You seem to be investing in something you understand very little about.
@_date: 2018-12-24 23:59:30
Again, we are not talking about cryptographic security. There is no trillions of years to hack bitcoin or any need to hack it at all, Bitcoins security is available for purchase. Bitcoin is a distributed ledger whose write permissions are for sale, that's the security model, how much does it cost to assure write permission and deny write permission to others. That cost has many contributing factors, but power cost is important among them.
What makes bitcoin resistant to tampering is 1) it's distributed and you can't hack everyone and 2) the consensus model revolves around this lottery we call mining, which is very expensive to gain consistent write permissions from giving bitcoin a probabilistic model of immutability and 3) Bitcoins nodes are an active consensus defining population able to respond to attacks and changing conditions.
@_date: 2018-12-04 00:12:27
The paper doesn't make the assertion that all the power being used in a given region is renewable, nor does it specify source of renewables. While it is absolutely true that variance in season and time of day impact renewable curtailment, that doesn't equate to renewables are used in the day and oil and gas are used at night. That's such a gross over simplification of grid management as to be dismissable. The argument this twitter poster is making is built on assumption on top of assumption and literally no referable data.
Another important factor this individual forgets is that while there is varience in power generation there is also variance in power use. Less gets used seasonally and depending on time of day, a far larger impact than the variance in renewables generation.
Why would you defer your judgement to a twitter argument supported by a news article on power in germany than a well researched paper you can verify with public data?
@_date: 2018-12-05 17:03:03
I don't understand why you can't just look in the rest of the paper. They calculate how much energy is used in China through public data on solar and hydro curtailment to estimate how much cheap power is rejected by the grid and available to miners, for example. Sources for that data include non Chinese sources like Deutsche Bank Research.
@_date: 2018-12-17 17:59:50
7 submissions, a 10 day old account, and no other content.
When will you stop this spam?
And still with the putting the coins back the day after.
@_date: 2018-12-20 18:26:31
If you need proof that Coinbase is the enemy of Bitcoin it has come many times. They support and encourage altcoins, they fought to control Bitcoin consensus with other companies and use that consensus to subsidize their operation costs (s2x), they funnel would-be users of a decentralized ecosystem into a centralized ecosystem they control. They are a villain in this space.
@_date: 2018-12-08 21:56:29
Thanks again for correcting me on orphaned blocks and softforks. I know it isn't  an easy job refuting misinformation but it is an important one. I have a better understanding of the lines between attack and soft fork and especially of the instances where there is no line, they are one and the same. I have hopefully edited all my relevant comments to reflect the fact that the information therein is incorrect. It is not my intent to spread misinformation.
@_date: 2018-12-04 16:37:19
Trillions of dollars in offshore USD accounts illegally evading US taxes would be better in Bitcoin. Billions in gambling.  Billions in cross border remittances. Billions in oppressed countries enabling escape from the local economy. Who knows how much escaping international sanctions.
All while you say to yourself "not useful for buying groceries, it must be worthless".
@_date: 2018-12-04 17:19:16
If you think their research firm is the same as their money laundering firm you are mistaken.
Quite the conspiratorial web you're weaving where Deutsche Bank Research is conspiring with the Chinese National Energy Agency to publicly report incorrect curtailment numbers.
@_date: 2019-05-21 03:16:07
The point is that these "hacks" and exchange failures and everything else bad for adoption are already happening with a high enough frequency to fixate this community on educating peers and it still doesn't stop adoption. It obviously stops some amount of adoption but not enough it impact Bitcoins growth significantly.
These terrible incidents haven't  kept adoption from growing, but will act as teaching moments.
@_date: 2018-12-09 20:13:21
You do realize BIP32 can be implemented independent of BIP44 and that one of the sections of BIP 32 literally defines the key tree, in a section titled "The key tree"? BIP44 describes no such tree structure and is an implementation of BIP32 that is specific to managing multiple coins.
BIP32 alone is absolutely enough.
@_date: 2018-12-02 08:59:22
A very good read. Accessibility of full validating nodes on consumer hardware is incredibly important and something we should keep a close eye on.
@_date: 2018-12-26 00:22:58
You act as though you have to link your IP. You can choose not to announce, you can use TOR, you can use a VPN. It's expected the vast majority of the network to exist unannounced. None of what you are describing is a deal breaker.
You know that unless you are using TOR every time you broadcast a bitcoin transaction your IP can be identified right? This is why improvements like dandelion are in the pipeline.
@_date: 2018-12-29 20:41:34


TCP/IP, a fundamental part of the stack of protocols used for the internet, published its paper in 1974. Arpanet adopted TCP/IP in 1983. What you think of as the internet didn't become widely popular until 1995. Where did you pull this 15 year remark from? It's just not accurate at all.
@_date: 2019-05-20 19:08:34
The feds of any nation have no role in Bitcoin, there is no accepting anything. They are not protocol participants. They can govern the local exchanges and that's it. If they want to make it difficult to buy Bitcoin all the power to them - but they will never be able to enforce such laws. A ban would drive users to Bitcoin IMO, but even if it didn't that wouldn't change the fact we are censorship resistant. The power of any federal government is incredibly limited in scope and impact. Stop caring so much about what the US fed does, it's not relevant from anything but a short term speculators perspective.
@_date: 2018-12-13 18:31:31
Nope. I again cannot understand why you are unable to make the distinction between chains. Even when miners are running both there is a distinction between chains and functions. You have a difficulty associating roles to their actors and keeping them there.
@_date: 2019-05-19 04:18:37
None of these attacks work if you aren't using sms 2fa, don't hold coins on exchange, and encrypt your backups with unique passwords. I wish people would get the message and actually behave like they are their own bank.
@_date: 2019-05-26 15:35:56
Always interested by these updates. The way people adapt in these adverse conditions is extraordinary.
How do Venezuelans deal with fee spikes on the network? Would you say most Venezuelans use a layered service like lightning or even internal transfers on an exchange, or would you say most of them use bitcoin directly?
@_date: 2018-12-21 19:07:00
Too many people with different ideas of what it should be. Some people think it should be about teaching people not to hold on exchanges. Some people think it is about a simple proof of reserves then putting coins back the following day. I think it should go further to have any meaning, I think it should be about migrating volume to decentralized exchanges instead of going back.
All in all I think it's a fairly terrible idea and would much rather see people making permanent positive changes to how they manage their coins.
@_date: 2018-12-15 20:10:20
You could just cron or windows task schedule your payments. There shouldn't be a mechanism for recurring pull-style payment requests.
@_date: 2018-12-09 23:23:17
But why that instead of creating a new HD seed and sending change to addresses in that tree? Why is the existing keypair part important?
@_date: 2018-12-09 20:20:35
I realize there are multiple hierarchical deterministic wallet related BIPS and they all build off the principles, specifically the key tree, described in BIP32. BIP39 is literally related to using mnemonics with BIP32 and doesn't re-describe any key tree. The OP post is about key trees, not mnemonics and not multicoin HD wallets.
Why you brought up BIP44 or BIP39 I have no idea, it has no relationship to this question.
@_date: 2018-12-13 19:10:58


Because you keep saying things like this:


And this


Saying it is one or the other is conflating their roles.
After how many comments of me directly addressing this I can't believe you would deny making these errors now.
Look, I've given you the details, I've offered you the source material. At this point any misunderstanding is your own construction and I am unable to help you with it.
@_date: 2019-05-17 03:53:00
Well that's the entire point, you only do this as an alternative to exiting Bitcoin and entering fiat where you would also miss the opportunity of Bitcoin gains. The goal is to divorce the value of the OP's bitcoin from the bitcoin price as an alternative to selling at your "moon" price.
@_date: 2019-05-21 22:33:46
The breadth of your ignorance is amazing. Again, every other trader in the world understands these simple strategies. That you laugh them off as stupid means you're either the smartest trader in the world or competing to be the dumbest. Which do you think you are?
@_date: 2018-12-30 23:05:02
I hit the hide button like a sane person who doesn't have to imagine results, I was just hoping to take advantage of a feature I know exists because it's on the end of the report process.
@_date: 2018-12-24 00:37:30
Better idea: instead of compromising in the primary function of Bitcoin in the name of evangelizing it, let's only gift Bitcoin to people wo have expressed an interest and been told about the risks and responsibilities of bitcoin ownership.
Whether bitcoin is being gifted or bought, involvement in this space has a prerequisite knowledge.
@_date: 2018-12-04 20:39:00
The idea that someone needs to go to China to evaluate this public data is asinine. This is not an argument in good faith. You don't care about how verifiable the information is or reproducible the conclusions, you would rather rely on your own unsourced, unfounded assumptions.
If you want to be critical at least attack the methodology.
@_date: 2018-12-11 02:32:39
In other threads proposing this event they are saying they will redeposit to exchanges the day after, it's intent is to test the reserves of the exchanges not spread the goal of controlling your own coins. I don't think there is agreement about what the goal of this is.
@_date: 2018-12-10 03:12:12
You are consistently the most misinformed person I see of late. Having any number of gold units says nothing about the size of the unit. You aren't making gold - or bitcoin - out of thin air.
Your misunderstanding reminds me of an old joke. How many pieces of string does it take reach the moon? One. Just has to be long enough. Counting the number of divisions is pointless without each divisions magnitude.
Yes it lost a fraction of the value it gained in a year. You really need some perspective added to your warped narrative.
@_date: 2018-12-16 22:29:56
I agree, and I say they will benefit from Bitcoin not making those same trade offs by building in layers on top of bitcoin. We don't need ICO's, we don't need to reinvent the security model with compromises for every feature, we just need to build on top of Bitcoin.
Let Bitcoin do what it does best and let other layers do something complimentary like transaction speed or turing complete smart contracts or anonymity. Some of those features may even make it into the base layer at some point. That's how protocol stacks are built.
@_date: 2018-12-13 21:11:26


A needless confusion in every context. It is absolutely true that it is useful for describing the security state of the network in economic terms, including the incentives a miner might have from merge mining whether those are positive for the bitcoin protocol or not.  That doesn't mean the protocols are one, that doesn't mean anything occurring on the second layer impacts the base layer. It most certainly doesn't mean the bitcoin is doing anything with the EVM.
Because these economic incentives are true and they can be either positive or negative for Bitcoin it is even MORE important to correctly distinguish what activity is occurring as part of the bitcoin protocol and what parts are occurring in second layers, not to confuse them as you are attempting to do. It is not true that "bitcoin nodes to also process rootstock in order to mine on rootstock blocks safely". All they need to do is follow the BIPs enforced which are not rootstock specific, no RSK node needs to be run to avoid having your blocks orphaned.
@_date: 2019-05-16 16:59:41
Once you are in the millions of dollars range it becomes more a pain in the ass to get out of Bitcoin than it's worth. Just spend/live off your Bitcoin as necessary and hedge against price movements with leverage. If it reaches a high you want to lock in the price at go short BitMex futures under modest leverage to match your cold storage position. In this way you can protect yourself from volatility and lock in a dollar price without ever leaving your Bitcoin for fiat more than is necessary and you get to continue being your own bank.
@_date: 2019-05-21 02:05:35
It was an emphasis less for his benefit than the reader who must understand owning bitcoin and engaging in the Bitcoin protocol is tantamount to personal responsibility. The use of 'you' was maybe not the best choice to make it clear the intended recipient isn't exclusively the OP.
@_date: 2015-02-27 23:12:35
Has it occurred to you that there may be valid reasons to do what Luke-jr has done which might not immediately occur to someone who isn't an expert in their field? The presumptuous arrogance of this community is astounding. You've now heard from other core devs, other software developers, and the only people upset here are the OP (who doesn't seem to understand hosting live javascript code which is served to clients before being run to generate private keys is a security risk) and a community of pitch forks who don't have a clue why Luke did what he did. "It's just his autistic preference" is the overwhelming tone of this thread.
I support Luke-jr in this instance. Bitcoin is going to succeed because people like him are more passionate and creative than the nay-sayers in here who don't contribute a thing.
@_date: 2019-05-28 16:21:29
Which is why layers with confidential transactions and off chain transactions and coinjoin exist.
@_date: 2018-12-08 19:07:20
You did not win this bet, your assertion that miners can reject a portion of the coinbase is not a fork of any kind, and is voluntary by the miner and not at all enforceable on others. To attempt to enforce it by orphaning all blocks with a majority of the hashpower that don't agree is a 51% attack and not at all backwards compatible like a softfork is. Kalin101 is right that to change the coinbase would be a consensus fork and you are wrong. Pay them.
Edit: some lively debate on what is and isn't an attack in this thread and I am wrong about orphaned blocks in soft forks. That seems to make the difference between a 51% attack and a soft fork one of perspective, and I don't see how making mining more expensive by reducing the miner subsidy or altering the valued predetermined inflation schedule is anything but an attack.  It seems it can simultaneously be an attack and a soft fork, and may even lead to retaliatory forks.
Special thanks to u/theflair and u/designeraccount for setting me straight. Being corrected is a wonderful thing people, embrace it.
@_date: 2019-05-19 04:21:03
It's only victim blaming because the victim is literally to blame. If you are your own bank and you store unencrypted keys in your email you are asking to be robbed. If you hold coins on exchanges and use SMS 2fa you are asking to be robbed. There is no law in the protocol, keys are ownership. After years and years of educating and warning how can you say it's not the victim who is at fault? They didn't get 0-day attacked.
Applying standards of culture and law that exist outside the protocol to shame people noting the victim is wholly responsible is inappropriate. That's just literally how the code executes. Every single participant should be aware Bitcoin is personal responsibility and self verification.
@_date: 2018-12-02 16:08:54
Always the bullies.  "defensive measures will be considered against listed jurisdictions". 
I look forward to the day countries stop trying to impose their laws on others.
@_date: 2018-12-24 23:31:48
PoS has the nothing at stake problem, PoW is the best mechanism of creating a decentralized security model yet known. Saying that the energy is wasted is to entirely miss the unique and novel application of that power to make an attribute which exists no where else.
@_date: 2018-12-01 20:17:44
That exact mentality is why they are so huge. Stop supporting companies that engage in practices you disapprove of.
Your bolded text is telling. What in the world does a phone number get you other than at best someone reading from a script of questions and answers? You seem to be one that would rather have the illusion of security than actual security. Stop trusting. Start verifying.
Why be in Bitcoin at all if you'd rather be enabling middlemen and corporate take overs than not because it's potentially less convenient?
@_date: 2018-12-23 19:30:50
The people gifting crypto to people with no knowledge of what it is or how to secure it are both reckless and terrible gift givers.
@_date: 2019-05-20 22:43:43
Use leverage to keep most of your coins in cold storage. Setup proper 2FA on orders. There is no excuse to be holding all your money on an exchange or using SMS 2FA. In the case of a trader the risk of losing any held coins should always be a factor in defining risk when trading.
@_date: 2018-12-04 18:17:03
This has been posted several times and is where the 77% number comes from
@_date: 2019-05-29 13:38:43
They benefit from the meme posts in that memes are many casual users chosen way of expressing themselves and having low level, broadly accessible conversations about obvious topics. To not have those mechanisms of discussion leaves many without the tools to participate at all. Those users have nothing to contribute on a technical,  insightful, or educational level. Memes reach people on an emotional level as funny or sad or relatable in the way a technical discussion cannot.
Don't get me wrong, I would be happy to never see another meme again, but they are an important part of the way modern communities propagate ideas. IMO we should have something akin to a "shitpost Saturday" where memes and low effort posts are encouraged so we can enable  stronger antimeme moderation the other 6 days of the week without alienating too many casual users.
@_date: 2019-05-23 15:05:30
I have a modern i7 and a 600 megabit per second connection. Remember most Internet connections are not measure in megabytes but megabits, a megabit being 0.125 megabytes meaning your math is off by about a factor of ten. It takes me about 48 hours to sync and I use about 2 TB of bandwidth a month on the node alone. I've seen it take a week on lower end hardware and connections.
@_date: 2018-12-08 20:43:17
I can understand and accept that, thank you for the help.
@_date: 2017-06-05 19:40:55
If there is a fork think of it like a stock split. There is a very real likelihood that the combined value of any forked coins will be higher than the original value. IMO buy now, wait it out.
@_date: 2018-12-04 19:55:28
Why don't you read the research, it does an excellent job of laying out their position and referencing public data.
@_date: 2019-05-30 02:56:29
I am so pleased that they both got some of the reward, it was well deserved on both counts. Bravo u/nopara73 and u/belcher_ thank you for your contributions!
@_date: 2019-05-07 03:05:35
Anything with multiple resolution cases and execution paths will benefit. Make any valid script using Bitcoin opcodes and instead of having to publish the entire script which can be enormously expensive for complex scripts just publish the executed path. This makes scripts that could have previously cost too much to be viable a fraction of the cost proportional to the executed scripts fraction of the whole. The larger the whole, the more complex, the larger the savings versus existing p2sh options.
@_date: 2019-05-08 18:21:17
Instead of blanket dismissal you could support your own argument. Userbase is not equatable to reputation. Coinbase has a horrible reputation. Are you unaware they were an enormous part of the S2X/Segwit/NYA fight?
Thinking hot wallets are the only wallets that can be stolen from is naive. Insider theft has occurred at many exchanges, staff incompetence has led to refilling hot wallets in the midst of unobserved attacks, and some exchanges have even been sold and then emptied by new owners. Many attack vectors exist against cold storage and we've seen them in action.
@_date: 2018-12-04 20:16:36
Why do you assume they are obsolete?  Much of the research focuses on curtailments impact on the sustainability of renewable infrastructure investments. When you build a source of power you do it before the population arrives to use it and with overinvestment and an inability to send power to the grid you end up wasting a lot of your resources. Did you bother to read the research?
@_date: 2018-12-04 21:13:42
Frequently. If you ever choose to actually read the research you will find their methodology clearly outlined.
Again, a bad faith argument from an insecure troll.
@_date: 2018-12-13 17:30:09
On which chain?
Today its validity is assured to the drivechain by the federation. That's the federated peg. Bitcoin users know it's valid because they can see the funds on chain when they arrive. The issue is trusting the drivechain to acknowledge deposits and approve withdrawals to the main chain.
Tomorrow the drivechains peg validity will be assured by bitcoin main chain proofs. The federation will have no function. You will see from SPV proofs on the main chain that the withdrawals and deposits are trustlessly valid.
Both today and tomorrow the internal workings of the drivechain, the validation and the EVM and consensus run on merge mining and node running.
The model you are thinking of is a federated chain, where there is no mining at all and the federation does all validation and block creation. This is what liquid or elements projects do, not what drivechains do.
@_date: 2017-06-25 13:57:35
Immutability existed for decades before bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-05-21 01:40:26
The community constantly provides information enabling users to protect themselves. Standards bodies like the NIST have been recommending the death of 2FA SMS for years now.
Even if companies continue to ignore best practices Bitcoin is entirely an exercise in personal responsibility. Crypto will survive if the problem goes unaddressed, even if it gets worse. It will continue to teach the community with every high profile sim swap attack just as the community continues to learn from every high profile exchange hack.
@_date: 2019-05-11 17:45:35
And their shorts push the market up past resistance when they get called.
@_date: 2018-12-14 16:41:03
It's not a meme, what is the youths obsession with calling any propagation of information a meme?
It's in the OP


For some people, including OP, this is about a run on exchanges not controlling your own keys.
@_date: 2018-12-05 03:27:30
I will say again, several of the sources were not Chinese. When I say you haven't read the report it's because your statements constantly betray that fact.
@_date: 2019-05-10 18:18:06
If this is your understanding after a few days you're well on the right path. The real brain scratcher isn't even the technical details, it's appreciating the unique nash equilibrium the protocol participants engage in which secures the protocol. It's what means you can copy and paste all the source code you want, but if your network doesn't have the same participants securing it then it's worthless.
@_date: 2019-05-13 19:37:40
This is the first example I have seen of a big player specifying a no-chain solution anchored to Bitcoins decentralization. The open source community has been preaching this for years. Regardless of how useful this ends up being this is an important indication that some of that logic about building in layers is making its way up the management ladder.
@_date: 2019-05-14 20:27:19
If it makes you feel any better it's not true. The new forum software is available at  as noted elsewhere in these comments.
@_date: 2018-12-08 20:41:47
I've altered my top level comment to indicate I may be wrong about orphaned blocks and posed several questions seeking to define what makes one consensus subset rules a soft fork and another a 51% attack. If the mechanism is identical it's a matter of perspective isn't it? I struggle to see how bitmain orphaning all non-bitmain blocks is anything but a consensus valid soft fork under these assumptions, the only differentiating factors are the negative impact on the rest of the ecosystem.  If that's the difference betwee soft fork and attack, then I again suggest changing the mining subsidy and scheduled inflation is an attack. Some miners would benefit while others go out of business, the assurdness of algorithmic inflation would be entirely lost, it would be negatives for much of the community.
So help me understand. When is it an attack?
Edit. The answer seems to be a soft fork can be an attack, but that doesn't make it not a soft fork. Thank you for your help in making me understand this and specifically for correcting me about orphaned blocks.
@_date: 2017-06-27 07:43:07
So the most derided aspect of segwit2x, the timeline and lack of testing, is what you credit to BIP 148? If thats true all the more reason to view BIP 148 as irresponsible.
And the miners aren't sweating the timeline, only risk adverse developers are.
@_date: 2017-06-25 17:37:15
Global availability? You're telling me no one has ever stored or transferred immutable data online?
Blockchains triumph was bringing together dozens of existing techniques and technologies to create a new technology greater than the sum of its parts - solving previously thought unsolvable problems in the space of decentralized consensus and security. Not immutability.
To demonstrate the harm that can come from this misunderstanding consider this: If you think immutability is a unique feature to blockchains you start to believe it's a good idea to create a private blockchain. You want the features of immutability and availability, just privately. This is not a good way to solve the problem when immutability isn't a feature unique to blockchains. These private companies are misusing a decentralized consensus and security tool as an immutability tool when they could just use the already existing cryptographic techniques to create immutability in a traditional centralized model. See: R3. Most companies smarten up and end up developing a more traditional protocol or other centralized solution and some even call these "blockchains", but it's still an incredibly costly and pervasive misunderstanding.
Edit: If I'm going to get accused of trying too hard I might as well try too hard. Not to be pedantic (I'm gunna be), but because chain reorgs and forks are a thing, that means blockchains are not even the strongest form of immutability that exists.
@_date: 2018-12-13 17:47:22




No I am not, I am explicitly stating the opposite. A federation is currently required for that job and that's what the BIPs allege to do something about, in which case the BIPs get passed the chains swap SPV's to do an atomic swap.


Miners on neither chain are responsible for the peg - again that's currently the federation. Once the SPV proofs are in place attempting to ignore a transaction as a miner would be consensus violating and cause that miner to fork themselves.
I honestly don't know how to put it in simpler terms. You seem obsessed with conflating these two roles as one.
@_date: 2018-12-12 17:19:01
We can adopt zero knowledge proofs either in layers(which has already been done) or at the base layer in several years once we have built on top of schnorr. We already have several smart contract layers, even ones using the very same EVM like RSK.
Anything altcoins can do bitcoin can do in a more appropriately segregated, layered model relying on Bitcoins security and no scammy ICO tokens.
@_date: 2018-12-04 18:17:54
I think it is more likely people hear fantastic claims which counter their perceptions and lack the tools to evaluate those claims, so they dismiss them.
@_date: 2018-12-01 21:21:06
It's entirely possible, it's called voting with your wallet and you refusing to do it and enabling those companies doesn't mean it can't be done. I don't use or buy apple, I don't use or buy google products (chrome excluded). Your excuses are just that, excuses.  Nothing is MAKING you support those companies.
I don't need a phone number from anyone to use my Bitcoin or any Bitcoin services. That's insane. If you are doing it right there should be no one to call in the first place.
Your bank analogy is perfect. You want a bank, you THINK of this space in banking terms. Coinbase is a bank. The goal should be to not use a bank for your Bitcoin. Be your own bank!
It's you who is passive. I don't need to wait for emails for weeks because I am not dealing with middlemen. You don't want to do that because it would mean you having to be more active in educating yourself, in being aware of your security. That's passive.
@_date: 2019-05-29 14:51:52
If you want instant transactions secured by bitcoins proof of work use a off chain layer like lightning. You have to realize the blockchain is a globally shared resource and if you want to use it directly there will be competition. Recording each cup of coffee purchased forever, secured by the most expensive source of immutability the world knows is just silly.
@_date: 2017-06-29 02:34:51
*This* is what a long term bear market looks like? Can I assume you missed the 2 year bear market in 2014 and 2015?
@_date: 2019-05-22 20:59:45
Users who want big blocks now want it for reasons of adoption and user experience over future decentralization. Users who want smaller blocks want to prioritize the continued decentralization of the protocol over user experience or adoption. Users who want the status quo want Bitcoin to remain conservative to change and view unnecessary change as the opposite of hard money. To compromise is the status quo, which is what we have. I do not think most big blockers would consider the status quo the middle ground but it clearly is the ground between smaller and bigger blocks. I'd say that middle ground is by far the most popular position in this community.
@_date: 2017-06-25 17:05:16
Of immutable data storage being around forever? [Okay.](
Nearly anything can be made a degree of immutable, it's a required property for multi-threaded programming. As a programmer this takes the form of static types like const. There's also linked lists, hash chains, and others.
@_date: 2017-06-06 00:19:56
The value of both coins will fluctuate wildly immediately before and after a fork because it's entirely possible one of the coins will fail to gain the acceptance of users, miners, etc; or there will be technical issues with the fork rendering one or both coins susceptible to attack or theft.
If both coins gain a share of users, miners, exchange support, and other services they may both become viable. Once the fear of technical difficulties passes it is usually the case that either the one successful coin or the two successful coins will in total resemble or exceed the value of the asset before fork fears began.
@_date: 2018-12-08 20:16:03
So you are saying I can't publish a block that isn't a segwit block? That doesn't seem correct at all. That's not backwards compatibility. 
I was entirely under the impression if I published a non-segwit block it would be entirely valid and not orphaned. How is anything less not consensus changing?
If I'm wrong I'm wrong but that seems a far cry from backwards compatible. And more than that what distinguishes a given soft fork from any 51% attack orphaning blocks they disagree with? Blacklisting addresses or attacking competitors. Are we suggesting if bitmain wanted to ice out all competition that is a perfectly valid, consensus abiding soft fork?
Assuming all of this is right, it still would very likely be a fork because people like me would absolutely interpret that as an attack.
@_date: 2018-12-18 19:10:05
I hate to break it to you but there are a ton of Nazi idolizing people in this community. More than the average you would expect to find in the general population for sure.
You don't need to trust them and you don't need to care about them. The worst thing you could do is judge the technology harshly by guilt from association.
@_date: 2017-06-26 17:47:29
Fair enough. Seems entirely quixotic to me, and I don't appreciate the risk to the entire ecosystem success or failure, but you folks are grown and can do what you want. Ain't no authority here.
@_date: 2018-12-01 22:01:08
The entire point of Bitcoin is to eliminate middlemen and create a source of decentralized trust. You want to then trust someone to hold it for you. I ask again, why be in Bitcoin at all?
I have had great success learning how to do things myself. You shouldn't be afraid of learning something once in a while.
There are things you delegate and there are things you don't. Bitcoin is not for delegating. I delegate people to fix my car, make me food, and in my professional life - I don't delegate my Bitcoin to anyone. Neither should you. If you feel the need to delegate just engage in Bitcoin futures or GBTC or similar vehicles. You do not want to trust your Bitcoin to anyone.
@_date: 2017-06-21 16:48:19
The difference being that no bitcoin nodes need to be taken offline due to such a backlog.
@_date: 2018-12-17 04:34:01
It's certainly a killer app. I've been pretty impressed with wasabi and I eagerly await dandelion and schnorr.
@_date: 2018-12-01 18:02:37
No. Just another scam artist. The domain satoshi used to register lapsed, someone bought it, and has been posing as him for years starting with the message denying he is Dorian.
@_date: 2018-12-02 17:29:00
You got fork problems? I feel bad for you son. I got 999k subs and them BCHes ain't one.
@_date: 2018-12-20 17:50:18
Coinbase has been the enemy of Bitcoin for many years now. Good luck convincing Americans of that though.
@_date: 2017-06-25 17:59:29
No, we're talking about the first immutable asset in the known universe. If data is an asset, which is inherent for the argument bitcoin is an asset, this statement is provably false.
Bitcoin itself is "hard to alter but not quite immutable", so what are you talking about?
@_date: 2017-06-05 16:16:33


The larger blocks are the longer it takes to propagate them across global firewalls like the great firewall of china. The longer it takes to propagate blocks the more significant an incentive there is to be on the side of the firewall with the majority of miners so you get blocks quickly, and thus the greater the centralization pressure.
Further, the larger the blocksize the larger the entire blockchain record becomes. A 4MB blocksize will explode the size of the blockchain further reducing the number of full nodes operating and increasing the cost to operate a full node in both bandwidth and storage dramatically. Fewer nodes equates to again, further centralization.
When examining scaling options we want to pursue them in an order of priority that reduces the impact on decentralization as greatly as possible. Thus segwit is a preferable solution to a simple blocksize increase.
@_date: 2019-05-21 18:38:11
No, not at all. Again, you've completely misunderstood. Throw out every idea you have about what this conversation is about and read it again. Everyone else is capable of understanding how to hedge and use leverage while keeping almost all coins OFF EXCHANGE. The issue isn't my language but your comprehension.
@_date: 2019-05-21 22:08:26
Inexperienced traders are so often too pig headed and stubborn to grasp there is a better way of doing what they are attempting. Enjoy learning through experience the value of hedging, leverage, and futures - you clearly can't learn through literacy.
That you find such "stupidity" in derivative based trading norms really is the world against you, the most brilliant trader to ever live apparently. Enjoy stroking your ego, I'm going to enjoy the safety of my coins.
@_date: 2019-05-29 21:28:46
Surely content like this is peak low effort shitposting. I'd be in favor of removing this kind of content or putting a day a week aside for shitposting to let everyone get it out of their system. It drowns out technical discussion and forces the mods to sticky things like the currently stickied bandwidth optimization proposal or the ant routing discussion so they get any attention at all. With only one thing that can be stickied next to the daily at a time it's pretty much impossible for a casual r/bitcoin user to keep up with any development progress. Show of hands how many here bothered to read the Schnorr/Taproot/MAST BIP? How many even knew it was released?
@_date: 2017-06-21 17:23:49
I have never heard of btc wallets being disabled due to backlog, have you?
@_date: 2018-12-13 17:02:48
What are you talking about? Peer to peer isn't a meme at all it's a literal description. Me to you isn't the same description as peer to peer, as it isn't inclusive of people other than yourself or your counterparty - i.e. peers.
Peer is a four letter word available to any native english speaker at a second grade level. Are we trying to target preschoolers? And why is everything described as a meme? Not all popular knowledge or communication is memeing.
@_date: 2018-12-03 20:19:45
What about the methodology do you find dubious? You could easily recreate their methodology as they are using public data.
I suspect people who react the way you are don't even read the research paper. This energy most often could not be used to "turn off some coal power" as you put it. As the paper notes it is largely oversupply.


renewable energy which was formerly rejected by
GRIDS grids due to oversupply, known as
impact of curtailment to the earnings of
renewable generation operators is material: on a
fixed cost base, depreciating the high initial
investments, the curtailment of generation
output has a magnified impact on net
profitabilityand hence sustainabilityof these
renewable generation operators


refers to the consequences of over-generation
from renewable sources, where electricity which
is is produced is rejected by the grid for fear of
overloading and risk of a grid shutdown. The
primary cause of curtailment stems from the
over-investmentand subsequent overcapacity
That paper also notes that examples of european and north american mining are also largely influenced by oversupply of cheap renewable power.
TL;DR: Bitcoins power usage is making profitable excess renewable energy creation that would otherwise impact the sustainability of renewable energy projects.
@_date: 2019-05-21 02:16:07
Yes you pay the fee for leverage so you can avoid counterparty risk for the bulk of your holdings. Very worth it to avoid the possibility of losing your entire nut while maintaining the ability to trade with it.
Since your leverage is technically 1:1 backed you can support your position as necessary or as your risk tolerance permits. All worth it to avoid the possibility of getting knocked out of the game entirely from circumstances beyond your control.
@_date: 2017-06-14 17:37:53
I really, really want the first world to put severe restrictions on bitcoin if only to watch authorities ineptly try to enforce them.
@_date: 2018-12-09 22:25:52
Where does he say he wants to implement a wallet? I see a question asking if a BIP exists describing an idea he has or similar. It does. It's BIP32.
Answering a question about knowledge and not implementation with the requested knowledge instead of a full implementation of auxiliary functions and best practices: dense.
If you'd describe that as dense how would you describe having a tantrum because someone answered the question as asked instead of providing the full implementation specs for a wallet that includes the function he has asked about as a reference?
@_date: 2018-12-08 20:52:48
You aren't overly aggressive at all. You package your content as you see fit, it's the content that matters.
Thank you for teaching me something, it's a precious thing.
@_date: 2018-12-01 19:09:43
That they have attacked the protocol in the past, leveraging their user numbers and wealth to attempt to get protocol changes like S2X passed. They also support BCH. They also funnel what could be Bitcoin users into custodial solutions that rely on them as middle men. They seem like pretty bad actors to me.
@_date: 2018-12-04 19:18:27
The source is linked all over this thread
@_date: 2018-12-09 20:39:57
Do you have any specific criticism of the research, or maybe a better question: have you read the research?
@_date: 2018-12-09 23:02:30
Help with what? What's the end goal here if not a standardized algorithm for generating a key tree? You literally want to generate a tree of keys from an existing keypair - to what end?
I've never implemented BIP32, and it's almost certain using an existing public keypair instead of following the directed PRNG seeding process is a terrible idea, I don't think there would ever be a standardized way to do that because it would and should never be done. That said, I don't think anything is stopping you if you are just experimenting with things. I really have no clue what you would need that for.
@_date: 2018-12-13 16:00:43
It never will be and never should, and that is not where RSK's counterparty risk comes from. Like I said, if they ever get their BIP passed The counterparty risk issue will go away.
@_date: 2018-12-01 16:48:53
No electricity is free, and I am sure your agreements with your landlords don't include commercial use of electricity. What you are describing is a form of theft.
We keep hearing horror stories from landlords with tenants like this and I feel terrible that their first exposure to Bitcoin was being stolen from. It's hardly better than ransomware being peoples first exposure.
Just don't do it.
@_date: 2018-12-29 20:55:27
I strongly dislike this pseudo intellectual and dislike the crowd he attracts even more, but bitcoin is apolitical. Doesn't matter who you are or what insane things you believe, welcome aboard.
@_date: 2018-12-13 19:48:12
I'm not mentally drawing any lines, there is a literal line between roles taken on the rootstock chain and the role rootstock miners play and the roles bitcoin miners play and what happens on the Bitcoin chain. If something happens with rootstock or the evm that doesn't impact the Bitcoin protocol at all. No only Bitcoin miner needs to care beyond validating, as you note in your segwit example, obeying the soft fork.


I'm saying rootstock miners are already doing that job, and it has nothing to do with the actions of bitcoin mining beyond merge mining and nothing to do with the bitcoin protocol.


This is where you get into needless confusion. Those may ALSO be bitcoin nodes, but they aren't doing any rootstock processing. ROOTSTOCK nodes are doing the processing. 
There is no imaginary line between the roles, there is a very definitive line between the roles - was it performed by a rootstock node or a bitcoin node? They aren't the same thing, even if a miner runs both. Literally different software and protocols.
@_date: 2018-12-10 20:06:06
More than that you can limit your exposure by using leverage. I only need a fraction of my position on an exchange and am able to keep the rest available to support that position if necessary, but entirely under my own control and keys.
@_date: 2017-06-27 14:49:35


No I don't, risk adverse devs aren't working on segwit2x at all and have been very vocal as to why.
Every thing you are describing as a BIP 148 impact is either negative, like a privately mined chain, or actually has nothing to do with BIP 148, like using bits 1 and 4 to signal. None of what you are describing is a positive outcome.
You can keep pretending they care all you want, but again big blockers are as oblivious to the damage they are causing as you BIP 148ers are. If either of these retarded parties were aware of the impact of their actions they simple wouldn't be acting this way. "Couldn't care less" and "reckless" seem like apt descriptions of that behaviour.
@_date: 2017-06-10 05:34:18
Because they are trying to absolve themselves of the consequences of their own naivety by saying they were scammed when the reality is they lost a gamble on the rate of difficulty increase.
@_date: 2019-05-29 00:08:34


This is the real purpose of the legislation. It's being gift wrapped in no GST/HST to avoid contention.
@_date: 2019-05-12 17:43:33
You don't have to imagine, just tell your bank you'd like to exchange for some Iraqi dinar. This is the way the world has worked since the advent of modern banking.
@_date: 2017-06-16 22:13:30
I like how some flash crashes of the same Fibonacci significance like $1300 to $890 are entirely ignored because they didn't resolve in a way that fits with there being 5 waves in retrospect. When you want to force something to fit the pattern you want to see, you'll see it.
@_date: 2018-12-04 21:49:47
Yes, that is one variable that goes into the lower bound estimate that 77.6% of Bitcoin mining is powered by renewables. They have to make a number of assumptions they know will have degrees of error, that's why the result is range bound, with 77.6% being the bottom of their range.
@_date: 2018-12-13 22:17:31
The economic security model protecting bitcoin, the fact it doesn't have a vitalik or foundation directing and marketing it.
It's not being discussed because it's not really worth discussing.
@_date: 2019-05-23 02:15:44
It isn't an argument. It's a statement of 3 different views, a definition of compromise, and an observation of public opinion. It is impossible for anything I said to be analogous to an argument you mistakenly think I am making.
@_date: 2018-12-20 20:24:33
It has been my limited experience everywhere is full of dumb people. If you find this mythical land where objective and empirical truth wins the hearts and minds of all I'll trade in my bitcoin for a plane ticket. Americans are simply the primary userbase of Coinbase and thus their primary enablers. I have every belief that if Coinbase was operating in a different country I could replace Americans with near anyone else.
@_date: 2018-12-22 00:39:10
This applies to all layers and will be why exchanges will support multiple in a similar model to the way they do altcoins now.
@_date: 2018-12-09 19:59:25
It's not a bad idea, it's effectively how all HD wallets work and the 12-24 word phrases that back them up. Read BIP32.
@_date: 2018-12-14 04:31:04
I don't know how many times you are personally going to spam this, but each time I am going to tell you what a stupid idea it is to withdraw these coins then put them back in the next day. The goal should be to move to non custodial services if keeping your own coins isn't an option.
@_date: 2017-06-29 03:03:30
Ahhh hahahaha
So you're basically asserting that $160 is not the bottom, but that bottom and the $3k top are really just the lead up to a **real** bear market.
Oh man, that's rich. 
@_date: 2018-12-13 20:06:04
If your miner is unaware of segwit at all it will orphan. It's not a matter of seeing or accidentally including segwit transactions in a legacy formatted block. I actually thought just as you describe only a week ago and had to be corrected. You can include non-segwit transactions in a segwit block, but a miner who knows literally nothing of segwit will orphan every time.
It is a needless confusion. It's a very functional distinction.  Failures on merge mined drive chains nor general changes impact bitcoin. Simple test for you to tell what chain is involved in a given action; what node was called? Rsk actions such as those involving the EVM do not call a bitcoin cli.
@_date: 2018-12-23 23:17:18
It means I spent time learning before buying
@_date: 2018-12-04 21:40:53
Except publicly available data and very simple assumptions like miners will be seeking the cheapest available power in their region.
It's absolutely a hypothesis, but it's well supported and you've yet to attack any of the arguments they use to support it.
@_date: 2018-12-10 01:43:39
I'd like to start out by again reiterating I have never implemented a wallet, so someone jump in and correct this if it's wrong. Also this was a great learning experience for me, I had a lot of fun learning the details of how this works.
You want to spend from some Bitcoin somewhere in your tree. What information do you need to store to be able to do that, and also create additional change addresses?
BIP32 describes extended keypairs. Those keypairs contain an otherwise normal bitcoin address and some extension data. They are represented in BASE58 format with a prefix of xpub and xpriv. These extended keypairs are what your tree is made out of.
It turns out you have some options. Essentially you can start from anywhere above the depth of the tree you want to spend from in the same branch. The tree generates downwards from a seed. You can start with a mnemonic BIP39 phrase and convert that into your seed S for use with BIP32, you can store your master extended private key generated from S i.e. the top of your tree. Most relevant to your question you can start with one of your extended child keypairs somewhere in the tree and find its children - much as you originally describe.
I still think the BIPS you have been referred to are the best path forward for you. The answer to what is the minimum amount of information I need to spend coins from one address and generate derivable change addresses is any one extended keypair and their depth and index. This is all information available in the standard serialized format for these extended keys, xpub and xpriv prefixed.
TL:DR; with an extended keypair you can calculate it's derivative tree of keys. You don't need a bunch of new master seeds or to remember the master seed when finding the children of a given index and depth of the tree. You can create new child extended keypairs from any point in the tree. You can't travel up the tree - i.e. cannot use a child keypair to find a parent keypair
@_date: 2019-05-06 15:25:21
Either a regular node, not necessarily on the same device, or using neutrino instead of your own node. Whatever trust trade offs are best for your situation.
@_date: 2017-06-12 17:15:46
Think of how many coins have sold between $2k and 3k. The psychological price floor is rising with every trade and every day we stay up at these prices. The more bitcoin that trades hands above $2k the better a time I will be having a year from today.
@_date: 2018-12-27 19:30:39
If part of your advertising pitch includes those short one word sentences as you have written them, it's clearly an attempt at promoting buzzwords as opposed to describing a function or service. I don't blame any service for seeing that text string and saying no. If I saw that string of text it would be when I choose to close that browser tab.
@_date: 2018-12-12 17:57:25
I view altcoins as the testing bed and maturing grounds for things Bitcoin will then improve. We (the Bitcoin ecosystem) release segwit on litecoin first, we adopt zkp's but use substantially different methods than coins like monero, and we adopt the EVM but significantly improve the way we store sidechain data to make much of it disposable.
The one thing of value in this space is bitcoins unique security model. Where all altcoins fail is trying to reinvent that security model instead of leverage it. I can see reason to use monero transitionally to accomplish a task not yet mature enough in Bitcoin - but for these reasons I would never hold monero or any altcoin.
Altcoins want to move fast and break things and good for them. Whatever doesn't break we will iterate on and improve, without all the ICO nonsense or rebuilding the security model from the ground up.
@_date: 2017-06-10 02:46:52
Of course the same hashpower produces less bitcoins every difficulty increase. It sounds like you know nothing about bitcoin mining and thought it was a get rich easy scheme.
@_date: 2017-06-10 21:48:22
Spoken with the authority of someone who mined the vast majority of the current 16 million coins in the cpu mining phase, which we all understand to be entirely possible.
Edit: meant to reply to the person above you
@_date: 2018-12-01 01:02:07
This is some paranoid conjecture being touted as "without any doubt".


You had it right here. Everything else is just conjecture. If you want to talk about "paper" Bitcoin moving markets talk about Bitmex.
@_date: 2018-12-10 16:26:32
This makes no sense, shouldn't people not be holding their coins on exchanges in the first place? Have people learned nothing from the many many exchange failures over the last decade?
@_date: 2019-05-16 19:55:27
Then you lose the leveraged bitcoin - which is a substantially smaller risk than losing your entire holdings depositing on an exchange to sell. To exit bitcoin for fiat requires more risk than to hedge bitcoin using leverage.
@_date: 2018-12-04 16:12:23
It is amazing the way people keep refuting these numbers with arguments that are nonsense to anyone who has read the actual paper. It is not from one province in china, it is not completely made up it is reproducable using publicly available data, it does not cover only China, just because China uses mostly coal doesn't mean renewable curtailment doesn't exist in significant volume in many provinces.
What the hell is going on that dozens of shills who clearly haven't read the paper at all are all jumping up and down on it with arguments easily refuted by the paper?
@_date: 2017-06-25 15:21:00
What? I'm trying to correct a common misconception among new users, that bitcoin was the advent of immutable data.
@_date: 2019-05-29 20:11:42
Beautiful work. Save it and one day it may be a collectors piece.
@_date: 2018-12-10 20:01:31
This is the most ridiculous thing. Says it is a celebration where holders withdraw bitcoin from exchanges. If you have to withdraw from an exchange you weren't a holder, you never held a thing.
@_date: 2018-12-13 17:24:30
It's not. It's both. Both the federated peg and the drivechain exist right now simultaneously doing different jobs. Blocks are merge mined, validated, and the EVM runs on the drivechain.
Bitcoin enters and exits the drivechain via federated peg. The federated peg only impacts the peg, not the sidechain or the blocks it produces or any manner of consensus beyond the peg.
When the BIP passes the federated peg, and indeed the federation, is dissolved. So the drivechain continues to function identically, being mined by the majority of Bitcoin miners just like it is today. The only thing that changes is the peg. The peg moves to using onchain mechanisms that are forked in via the BIP. The drivechain continues to function exactly as it does today being merge mined by bitcoin miners.
@_date: 2018-12-12 18:14:26
Federated pegs are for sure their own security model and not the solution to general sidechain woes. Drivechains however don't have those same failings and literally are secured by Bitcoin mining. The security of two way pegs will be greatly improved by for example adopting the "RSK BIP". Much as offchain state management (the real solution is always going to be offchain solutions) is greatly simplified by SIGHASH_NOINPUT. The point is to rely on Bitcoins security model and mechanism to yield these altcoin features.
The only delusion is thinking that Bitcoin won't take anything of value in the altcoin space and make it segregated (safer) and improve on the current design having learned from the mistakes of the existing implementation. We're already doing it, the evidence is in front of you.
@_date: 2018-12-08 23:58:29
Because it has repeated for the last 10 years running. Bitcoin bubbles and it bursts, lather rinse repeat. It's supply is also changed in four year cycles, development happens in multi year cycles (it took ~4 years to get segwit adopted). There is strong reason to believe Bitcoin is not dead, and if it is not dead it has a value greater than 3k due to it's incredibly limited supply and unique function. Bitcoin is an all or nothing value proposition. Either decentralization is a valuable security model or it isn't. Either the security model is secure or it isn't. There's no in between in the long run.
@_date: 2018-12-18 19:52:31
Some will, and the media forever has and forever will.
The beautiful thing about bitcoin though is it doesn't matter if someone wants to use it to buy fake ID's or engage in illegal activity. It doesn't impact or reflect on other users in the slightest. That's how I know that the people of Venezuela can avoid oppression through it. It's how I know we are truly a censorship resistant network. It's how I know Bitcoin is taking its place as a broad tool which will be utilized by humans both good and bad to meet their ends. It won't stop bad people any more than it will stop good people. Bitcoin is as unbiased in its use as any set of tools, regardless of how libertarians might insist it's theirs and theirs alone.
@_date: 2017-06-10 04:38:19
Again, it sounds like you knew nothing about bitcoin mining and thought it would be easy money. Did you read somewhere that the hash power you bought was likely to produce more than you paid for it? No, that was entirely your back of the napkin math. Math which was grossly misinformed on the basic mechanics of mining.
@_date: 2017-06-27 17:40:54
So because they react it means they care? The reason they don't care is because they have reacted. They think they have this problem dealt with. Miners don't give a damn about what BIP 148 has planned because miners feel they control the ecosystem. Their reactions are a demonstration of that.
@_date: 2018-12-13 19:19:49
Yes, that's my thinking too.
@_date: 2019-05-08 17:47:55
There is no such thing as a reputable exchange or insurance on all deposits. What has kept your funds whole is a fund set aside to cover losses. That means if there is another hack next week there are no safe funds, you've consumed the reserve safety net. If a hack was large enough in the first place you'd also have no safe funds. There is no deposit insurance for 100% of funds, anywhere. Not for banks. not for exchanges.
@_date: 2018-12-08 20:46:43
I appreciate the lesson and I was indeed here. I'm not one to avoid taking my lumps and have altered my top level comment.
I still don't understand by these definitions what differentiates any valid consensus rule subset limitations from another. Bitmain could orphan all non-bitmain blocks if they have 51% of the hashpower. Do you consider that an attack or a soft fork or both? It seems like an obvious attack to me, much as would changing the inflation schedule downwards and putting some miners out of business.
@_date: 2018-12-10 16:09:31
When someone decides to make a new ledger it isn't the same ledger. Code follows consensus. That's the entire point. Again, you just don't understand - quite willfully it seems. You WANT to misunderstand.
Yep, I've seen many such discussions - changing PoW has always been the nuclear option for stopping a sustained 51% attack - and no change the developers make is automatically propagated. USERS DECIDE WHAT CODE THEY RUN. If it was just up to developers segwit deployment wouldn't have taken 3+ years and you know that. You know better than all of this. You're just a troll spreading misinformation.
@_date: 2018-12-10 21:05:47
This is the worst idea. Literally take your coins out and put them back in? Why not take your coins out and keep them out? No middle men! If you want to go back to trading or some such use decentralized exchanges, fill them with your volume. That's what this campaign should be about if it's to be a campaign.
@_date: 2018-12-09 20:26:50
He doesn't need anything but to know how such a mechanism of a tree structure works, as that's what the OP's question asks. You instead reply that "no, this relevant description of the key trees you ask about isn't relevant, what is relevant is this multiwallet HD BIP that references BIP32 but itself answers none of his questions."
How in the world is BIP44 going to help OP understand how key trees work in Bitcoin aside from itself referring him to BIP32? Please tell me.
@_date: 2018-12-30 20:01:57
Does anyone know how to personally block posters content from showing up without reporting the post? If I report the post Bitcoins automod will take it down.
@_date: 2019-05-15 05:46:43
I lost interest in RSK the moment they started ICOing pointless tokens on top of it, though the dedicated 20% fee and lack of path to decentralization didn't help at all.
@_date: 2018-12-06 18:12:24
I swore I already replied to this, but it seems I didn't.
It's a 19 page research paper. I'm not sure what you expect me to do except point you towards all 19 pages wherein all the factors considered and the hypothesis is described. Please read all 19 pages. 
Regional renewables curtailment data and especially hydro curtailment data (there is a ton of unused hydro capacity) from multiple sources including those outside China like Duetch Bank Research is coupled with public information about where mining is occurring in China to estimate the cheapest unavailable to the grid power available. These end up being the same places miners are conducting their business. The data is further cross referenced against that renewable's penetration in that region. The authors note that power generation companies have great difficulty applying this wasted curtailment power profitably and Bitcoin mining is a unique, low transmission cost method for these subsidy relying companies to begin generating profitability - especially in places where industry has since left or yet to arrive as anticipated pre-power infrastructure. These limited assumptions - that power companies would want to be profitable if the opportunity presented itself, that mining is uniquely suited to those goals, and that miners want the cheapest power available in their region are all supported by cross-referenced historical curtailment data for each renewables type and region.
This examination is then repeated for the rest of the major mining regions of the world including regions in Canada, the US, and Europe. All of this data is weighted against estimates of how much of Bitcoins mining exists in each region(conservative estimates of 60% China, 40% everyone else), renewables penetration (you cited a brief quote about one region and how their estimate originated from this part of the paper), and estimates of fossil fuel use for mining - again for each region.
Attempting to use conservative assumptions with known comparables to put all of that information together is what yields a lower bound estimate that 77.6% of Bitcoin mining is currently running on renewables if you make those same conservative assumptions. Some of those assumptions are that China currently has 60% of Bitcoin mining in the world with the rest having 40%, that 35% of that 40% is in the regions they identify and do their regional curtailment analysis on.
They then go on to address arguments that Bitcoins energy consumption provides no value and argue that is it in fact doing substantial good by making profitable these renewables projects and using otherwise unused generation capacity.
@_date: 2018-12-29 23:49:12


I keep seeing you use the word brilliant but I'm convinced you don't know what it means. 
This space is very anti-authoritarian. You won't get very far with appeals to authorities of brilliance around here. Not even satoshi gets the privilege.
@_date: 2013-11-13 20:41:08
It didn't answer the query bitcoin. There is no known interpretation of the characters b-i-t-c-o-i-n in that order that yields tangible results from wolframs dictionary. WolframAlpha can't be wrong if it clearly states that it is not providing a definition for the term bitcoin but instead 1 US Bit.
I'm glad you're enjoying this, but this is an exercise in futility for me. If you ask wolfram alpha 2 + 2 = 5, you're right that would be wrong. that's not what it did. Wolfram said 2 + 2 = What the hell is 2? Did you mean Z? They look similar, here's the information I have about Z. Sorry, that's all I've got.
This is a failure of your acceptance that every entity, computer and otherwise, has a system for either anticipating or dealing with input it doesn't recognize and there ALWAYS WILL BE things both people and computers don't understand, necessitating such systems. 
On that note, I believe your system for comprehending or anticipating things you don't yet understand is lacking. You continually misunderstand why WolframAlpha necessarily provides the result it does in favor for a philosophical argument about absolute right or absolute wrong, where nothing is subject to interpretation (a fundamental tenant of all language) and your understanding of a given word and context is king.
@_date: 2019-05-16 18:11:05
You've got it. You won't see gains at all if it's a 100% hedge and futures and spot markets are the same, you'll lose a minor amount to fees and gain dollar value stability of your Bitcoin in exchange. I'm not sure where you can learn more about hedging, but that's what it is. Using a futures contract to hedge your risk of the underlying asset. If there's a big enough difference between the futures market and the spot it ends up working out to a cash and carry arbitrage where you make money on the spot-futures difference.
@_date: 2016-07-20 18:40:47
A+ convenience, but those fees are steep. For some people the convenience is worth the fee, it was for me while I was waiting for my exchange to validate me. It's nice to have options that weigh heavily on the convenience side versus traditional exchanges.
Only issue I ever had was during the '13 MtGox bubble, their software accidentally double-sent a couple users purchase orders. I ended up with an extra ~$500/0.8 btc in my wallet until they politely asked if they could have it back. I was really impressed that they didn't threaten me or demand their money back, they just asked. Maybe they would have had I not given it, but their initial request was plenty polite and that's how I want to see more businesses operating.
@_date: 2017-06-29 03:10:27
So... you're saying that this is a bear market that will ascend further? Master troll, 10 points.
@_date: 2019-05-11 16:38:28


It's a protocol with a unique and variable immutability defined by the protocol participants. That's a pretty interesting value proposition if you ask me.
These token price jumps up and down are an inevitable roller coaster as we slowly penetrate global markets and users engage in the most fleeting of the value propositions Bitcoin makes possible, speculation. But some percentage of those speculators will be enthralled by the technology and the gains and stick around through the next dump and the cycle of ebbing and flowing growth will continue.
@_date: 2017-06-21 17:03:56
The exchanges had to disable their nodes/wallets, yes. That's the title of the article and the substance of its content.
@_date: 2019-05-20 19:12:41


NO. STOP KEEPING YOUR COINS ON EXCHANGES AND STOP USING SMS 2FA.
Just laziness. Pure and simple laziness. The entire community has been singing this song for years. If you are an engineer in this community and you still let this happen you have truly no one to blame but yourself.
@_date: 2019-05-08 18:33:30
Bitcoin is a protocol of participants, and the culture of those participants collectively defines some outcomes. If everyone decides to fork, we fork. It's not worry you are seeing, it's outrage that someone would even suggest such a self destructive act to the participants. It's offensive and betrays the Binance CEO is not part of our culture of enforced immutability. The attacks against his comments are like an autoimmune response.
@_date: 2018-12-08 18:45:27
Wow, you mean just like 20k was an insane new break through above the previous ATH of $1100? That sounds almost like history repeating.
@_date: 2018-12-02 07:09:25
The domain used to register this profile elapsed several years ago and now belongs to a fraudster. Don't trust anything except a specified signed message or moved coins.
@_date: 2019-05-21 02:00:47
Holding your own keys instead of trusting an exchange is a good idea because the Bitcoin protocol defines ownership by the use of the private keys. If you don't hold the keys they are literally not your coins from the protocols perspective. Whoever you have left the keys with could steal your bitcoin at will or lose them.
Using leverage is a [good idea]( because you can keep the majority of your coins off an exchange while continuing to trade - which is ideal for high frequency traders.
Not using phone texts for two factor authentication is a good idea because if you do people could use social engineering to trick your phone provider to give a hacker control of your phone and by extension your online accounts including bitcoin exchanges.
@_date: 2017-06-25 14:13:29
As a property of stored data. Immutable datatypes have been around forever. If you want to call immutable data an asset, then yes.
@_date: 2018-12-02 00:10:06
I am most certain you are wrong, but it says a lot about you that you think the size of your wallet equates to your correctness and that you would attempt to lord it over anyone. Do you think you are better than poorer people?
@_date: 2018-12-30 00:15:28
I don't think the vast majority of this is necessary to use bitcoin. I don't care what or who a satoshi is, I care that they understand how to use and secure it.
@_date: 2018-12-08 20:29:53
I'm not refuting it could be done voluntarily by miners, we see them take less than the coinbase by accident sometimes. I am clearly confused because it seems to me that is the identical mechanism of function of a 51% attack, orphaning any block that the majority of miners arbitrarily agree should be orphaned. Like would you consider Bitmain orphaning all non-bitmain blocks when they have more than 51% of the hashpower a consensus valid soft fork or a 51% attack? It is a valid subset of the consensus rules after all.
If it is true and I am mistaken, the line between valid soft fork and 51% attack is entirely one of perspective. If that is the case, how is changing the incentives for miners downwards not an attack? It changes the cost of mining and could put many miners out of business, could significantly reduce hashrate and favour the few. How is that not an attack?
@_date: 2018-12-04 16:19:30
You could always read the research and see exactly how they come to the conclusion they do and the methodology used.  That would certainly be more responsible than a blanket dismissal based on assumptions that could be disproven by simply reading it.
Their argument revolves around renewables curtailment in a handful of provinces where all the mining is.
@_date: 2019-05-21 00:59:53
Have you never heard of hedging? Cash and carry arb? Leverage can be used as a tool to *reduce risk* instead of increase it.
@_date: 2018-12-29 23:33:00
Being a clinical psychologist doesn't make you brilliant, nor does being generally referenced. Brilliance is rewriting the observed laws of the universe in a patent office as a dropout clerk.
Claiming he is brilliant because of his degree or his notoriety is exactly what I mean by pseudo intellectual.
Again doesn't matter what he or you for that matter believe. Bitcoin is a tool. Anyone can use it.
@_date: 2018-12-08 20:13:39
No that is the definition of a 51% attack. A soft fork is backwards compatible. 
@_date: 2019-05-16 06:31:33
All of those things are examples of ideas that begun in the Bitcoin community but were implemented by altcoins and layers first. I expect them all to mature and be adopted by Bitcoin and layers on top of it.
@_date: 2018-12-04 19:51:29
Ain't nothing to do with pills, just psychology.
@_date: 2019-05-27 20:20:17
Countries that have tried to ban bitcoin haven't had much luck. Venezuela still has enormous p2p volume where BTC is a lifeline for locals, while Chinese miners are still the major mining players and Chinese citizens use BTC to escape currency controls.
If the west starts banning Bitcoin I expect adoption to continue as such laws are unenforceable at scale.
@_date: 2019-05-20 19:00:56
How do you vote 'no'? I don't want to see resources wasted on a market with a shifting and combative regulatory landscape that could be better served improving the service as it exists.
@_date: 2018-12-04 16:17:26
The sources include Deutsche Bank Research for data. Not sure why you insist it is made up aside from you assume it's all from some corrupt Chinese bureaucracy 
@_date: 2018-12-09 23:28:24
What does that matter? Send them to a new HD wallet child and then all the change will be further distributed to child addresses as you describe as transactions are completed.
@_date: 2017-06-05 20:02:53
So it's dumb strictly because your intuition says so?
Your analogy is nonsensical, an arm is not a viable organism where as a forked coin would be.
There has ALWAYS been uncertainty about bitcoins future, but what there isn't uncertainty about is bitcoins value proposition. The worlds first, largest, most secure, and most decentralized network of p2p trust will continue to exist on August 2nd. Altcoins aren't even vying for this coveted mantel, they all want features at the expense of decentralized trust.
If you're looking for further arguments in support of "this isn't the end of the world" feel free to examine the precedent. Coins which forked, open source projects which experienced governance issues have very frequently gone on to rave success after such conflicts. Certainly anyone who held their ETH through the DAO hack and the fork following the drama is an extremely happy camper.
Maybe being informed solely by your fear and intuition isn't the best way to form conclusions.
@_date: 2018-12-30 13:47:21
Not the headstrong fools so eager to be shown the way by their modern prophet, but the person questioning the prophets unsupported brilliance and authority. That's what will lead us to "destruction" according to you.
What is it about this guy that so strongly appeals to authority driven, thoughtless, white young men?
@_date: 2017-06-26 17:37:52
Have you seen any evidence at all that miners are going to follow the incredibly sparse population of angry nodes trying to wage a war against them? You don't have your critical mass of support. Miners aren't sweating. They are running the table with segwit2x and couldn't care less what shenanigans BIP 148 has planned.
@_date: 2018-12-13 19:30:22
Yes, that is the difference. You believe that once an actor (miners) are doing two roles those roles become the same role. The evidence this isn't the case is that no bitcoin full node running the bitcoin protocol knows anything about any EVM. A full implementation of the bitcoin protocol remains without EVM in every sense of the word regardless of if miners are merge mining other layers.
@_date: 2018-12-08 19:09:21
That would easily lead to a hard fork where the miners being constantly orphaned simply forked themselves. What you describe is effectively a 51% attack orphaning any blocks that don't agree. Most if not all soft forks do not orphan blocks, they are backwards compatible. That is their merit. What you describe is not backwards compatible it is an attack. Kalin101 has won this bet.
@_date: 2018-12-13 18:37:07
I have. You not acknowledging it doesn't mean I haven't. Either way, I've provided you all the source information you require to understand yourself. I can't make you understand that Bitcoins chain and the rules governing it are different from the RSK chain and the rules governing it despite having the same miners any more than I can make you understand the job of the peg is distinct from the job of block creation, consensus, and the EVM. If you want to willfully misunderstand that's your prerogative.
@_date: 2018-12-14 16:43:27
No, it's something being argued about in every post of this campaign. Some like OP want to return to exactly the way business is done today on Jan 4. Others want people to control their own keys or use non custodial solutions as part of this campaign.
You are the one making assumptions if you think returning to business as usual means anything other than the state things currently are.
@_date: 2013-11-14 20:23:24
Like I said before, this is an exercise in futility for me. If you want to extrapolate a non-moral definition of right or wrong and apply it to what WolframAlpha is doing here, it's right. I'm sorry that I couldn't convince you despite exploration of the many issues faulting your interpretation of the word "right" or "correct" in this context. The right way to do things by any measure, and the absolute  correct answer to the query "bitcoin" in a system with no definition the is to further parse to "bit coin". "Bitcoin" is an incredibly new word with limited usage by linguistic standards, and as I've tried to explain the interpretation of language is entirely subjective. Just because it isn't in the encyclopedia on your bookshelf doesn't mean the encyclopedia is "wrong". "Bit coin" is a perfectly valid interpretation of the input "bitcoin", and parsing that further to "1 US Bit" is again entirely valid deductive reasoning considering the usage properties of the words "bit", "coin", and "bitcoin". 
If anyone here is guilty of being stuck in a single minded ideology of their own world, it's you. You aren't accounting for the subjectivity of language and not considering all the other possible meanings the text "bitcoin" can have depending on your culture, your geography, your raising, your context in history. You can take the word "right" and have it mean two directly opposite things to two different people, for example, as you've so succinctly displayed.
You could make the case it was wrong if it was displaying a definition for the word "bitcoin" literally, but it isn't. It clearly states it isn't.
Considering taking abstract concepts and bringing them into reality is my job I'd like to think you have no business telling me my capacity to deal with abstraction. I'm done.
@_date: 2018-12-13 17:54:31
If you haven't bothered to read the RSK BIP which describes the proposed mechanisms of the federation-less peg you can find it [here](
You've filled a lot of your gaps in knowledge with assumptions. Don't do that. That's how you came to think the entire chain was federated in the first place.
@_date: 2018-12-04 19:18:03
The source is linked all over this thread.
@_date: 2013-11-13 19:00:41
Right - and all video editors that don't support every codec are broken, every search result that isn't the result you were looking for on Google is wrong, and unicorns shit gold bricks. Some of us live in the real world where every matter isn't a simple moral dichotomy between right and wrong, but a complexity of possibilities with benefits and detriments each. If you want to put something like this on the right or wrong scale of fallibility, it's most certainly correct as per the information it displayed for the input it parsed, and the input parsed was accurate as per any known words by the computer. The expectation for every programmatic dictionary to contain an accurate definition for every word in any possible context is absurd, plainly absurd.
@_date: 2019-05-21 15:55:05


You have completely misunderstood. The solutions is to hold most of your funds off exchange, not one two exchanges. The entire objective is reducing counterparty risk not adding to it.
@_date: 2019-05-02 16:05:47
The valuable thing in this space is decentralization as opposed to distributed networks. Alts necessarily don't leverage the unique security model of bitcoin by nature of being alts.
IBM's world wire nor XRP do anything that isn't better done in a centralized manner, which is well enough because they are centralized networks going to great effort to market themselves as something new and unique. They aren't doing anything new or innovative. Listing these things alongside Bitcoin is completely silly, you might as well list Western Union stock on coinmarketcap if anyone believes they are comparable. No one is saying centralized companies don't succeed, they do amazingly well and many are great investments - but why are we talking about them in this space at all? Why do you see them as even remotely related to Bitcoin?
@_date: 2019-05-10 19:18:57
Bitcoin is a trust protocol. You can verify for yourself all the actions on the blockchain by using a Bitcoin node, and in doing so and holding your own cryptographic keys to your bitcoin tokens you can avoid trusting anyone but yourself.
If you don't choose to run a Bitcoin node or hold your own keys you are trusting someone. If you trust them with your keys they could steal your Bitcoin. As far as the trust protocol is concerned the bitcoin tokens are in ownership of whoever holds the keys. This is where the phrase 'not your keys not your coins' comes from.  If you don't run a node you could be lied to by omission about transaction histories or leak privacy exposing information.
I like to send new users to  there are a lot of learning resources there for learning about everything from how Bitcoin works to trading to development.
Bitcoin is a tool you can use to fine tune trust to be single party, multiparty, custodial, or any other mechanism you can imagine and program into programmable money.
@_date: 2018-12-13 18:22:01
I'm not missing that, it's a basic fact of any decentralized ecosystem run by miners. It has no bearing on the discussion unless your unstated concern is a bitcoin miner take over, since they use the same miners.
@_date: 2019-05-25 19:17:09
Kraken is a regulated exchange and has the problems of the space like anyone else. What makes them better than their peers is they didn't support S2X or the NYA, they have some of the best security practices including dedicated 2FA on any trading interaction, they don't use SMS 2FA and have been a leading voice in educating users of the harm of SMS 2FA.
As far as regulated exchanges go they are one of the better ones. Doesn't change the fact that if they aren't your keys they aren't your coins. Trade responsibly.
@_date: 2017-06-04 16:17:13
The whole point of bitcoin is that it is grossly inefficient. The security comes from the gross inefficiency. It would take over 200 megawatts of power and hundreds of millions of dollars in mining hardware to effectively attack bitcoin. The more competition there is in the mining space, the more power and miners which are required to own 51% of that space. A bitcoin which cost a very small amount to own and operate 51% of miners wouldn't be secure.
@_date: 2019-05-28 15:47:47
Bitcoin's censorship resistant refers to the inability of any party to censor you from broadcasting to the blockchain and using Bitcoin as a protocol. Where Bitcoin ends as a protocol so does censorship resistance and that includes the point of interacting with exchanges.
@_date: 2013-11-13 17:40:38
I disagree. In the context of an input textbox its standard practice to anticipate user error such as misspellings, missing characters, etcetera. In the scenario you propose anything that isn't literally interpretable by the engine should display nothing instead of attempting to further parse the text, and that's ridiculous. The engine has no definition for "bitcoin", it is not wrong it is operating exactly as intended in that scenario.
You're essentially saying that because Microsoft Word doesn't yet support marque style flashing text out of the box it's broken. It's a text editor and that's a function of text, right? I can't imagine how you feel about video players that don't play every possible audio/video codec.
@_date: 2013-04-13 22:20:04
You would do something like that the same way you would perform a DDoS, which is to say not from a single address.
@_date: 2018-12-05 03:02:01
It does, the article cites dozens of sources.
@_date: 2013-11-13 19:13:39
Listen. Go to Microsoft Word - any version, okay? Type in "bitcoin". Do a spell check. Is Microsoft Word wrong, is spell check broken, is a feature missing, or is it simple a matter of lacking a definition for "bitcoin"?
Then shut the fuck up.