@_author: mrrichardhead
@_date: 2019-07-02 04:06:27
Sweet, thanks for the tips!
@_date: 2019-07-02 02:20:55
Got me sweating a bit there lol. Googled real quick, a website said no, reached out to my buddy and he said I should be ok since I'm flying on AA. Checked my pricing breakdown and the boarding/departure tax was included in my final price.
@_date: 2019-07-02 05:50:05
I know what you mean and where some of those reviewers may be coming from. I had up a straight up tico breakfast at a stall on the corner of the street in Santa Ana called Soda Los Mangos and I loved every bit of it. Sat down, said I wanted everything or whatever the regular is. I get served a plate with a mound of carbs and protein before me that I have never seen or thought would be appealing together. Gallo de pinto (slightly bland but also delicious because I'm tasting culture and a typical morning as a tico), with over medium eggs on top (guy ask me how I wanted my eggs cooked), chorizo (more like Johnsonville sausage lightly chopped, but still intact rather than a spicy Mexican chorizo that I'm familiar with, I'm from Texas), nice chunk of bread (pan), a chunk of queso(not sure what kind of cheese cojita or queso fresco?), now get this...SPAGHETTI...FUCKING SPAGHETTI!! (and it was delicious) and a coffee with cream. I cleaned the entire plate. Didn't even know I was eating gallo de pinto until I got back to my friends condo and he asked if I ate some and asked what that was and he said rice and beans. Those reviewers on TripAdvisor would have complained the couldn't give negative stars because of the smell of exhaust fumes because the "restaurant" was on the corner of a busy street and the street dogs where begging for food (there was one dog and she was sweetheart and didn't beg
and I did give her most of my bread) and pigeons were pecking the sidewalk by their feet. Mind you, I'm currently staying a this boutique hotel called Studio Hotel and I've been playing golf four of the last eight days at Valle Del Sol golf course so I'm not someone that's on a budget, just got myself in a little pickle by forgetting my debit card in the Davivienda ATM and thought I could pull cash from bitcoin ATM. So there's a long read of a small bit of how badass my trip has been in Costa Rica. My 16 day trip had been practically free thanks to crypto (until these past few days), but it will go up again in time and another vacation will be instore (to the moon one day lol). PURA VIDA!!
@_date: 2019-07-02 03:07:25
That's the same site that I found. I flying American Airlines and the website states it is included in my total ticket cost, but to double check your pricing and tax breakdown. So I did, and mine is included.
@_date: 2019-07-02 04:28:14
Thanks for the link. Read through the reviews and I'll still give it a whirl lol.
@_date: 2019-07-01 22:29:54
I've exhausted most of my ideas and reaching out on here was somewhat a last resort. I even had a friend Venmo me money because I realized I have a Venmo debit card with me that I never use. Tried it at the ATM after the funds arrived and was declined. Called the number on the back and the gentleman informed me that the card only works in the US. I was hoping someone here could point me to a person that I could exchange crypto for cash with, but the day is almost over and just gonna chill until my flight tomorrow. Prior to today, my friend that was helping, but his flight was yesterday. I would Zelle him money and he would withdraw from the ATM, but could only withdraw a certain amount a day. CR has been a blast! I'm highly considering a move here, but somewhere on a beach. My buddy had been living here for 3 years until yesterday so he took me to Jaco and Manuel Antonio/Quepos for my birthday June 22nd. Beautiful  country with AMAZING WOMEN!
@_date: 2019-07-01 22:06:09
Thanks for the advice. Been running around all day to figure something out. Wanted to make the most out of my last day here, but day is almost over so just gonna chill til my flight tomorrow.
@_date: 2019-07-01 21:54:59
I checked out localbitcoin and briefly looked at the info without doing much research. From what I saw I could only see banks letting me sell online and not in person to get cash in-hand. I could be wrong though. Either way, the day is almost over and will just chill until my flight back to the states tomorrow. Thanks for your advice though.
@_date: 2019-07-01 21:48:54
No scam. Just a wanted to enjoy my last day in Costa Rica by playing golf, going to Herpetological Refuge Zoo, and getting a tattoo. But when you make mistakes, like leaving my debit card in the ATM, you gotta live with the consequences. The day is almost over so I will be happy with all the other experiences I've had here the past 15 days while in this beautiful country.