@_author: mrspiffy12
@_date: 2014-07-03 04:55:31
Are you kidding? Inflation is what moderates debt. i.e. the value of your debt decreases over time. Deflation exacerbates debt crises.
Deflation does not "force wiser investment." Whatever the fuck that means.
"Supports necessities over gross consumerism" is about a 7 century step back in finance and economics. I guess you're a fan of subsistence agriculture. 


Are you fucking kidding? Getting us off the gold standard hugely moderated economic fluctuation. Going back to it would push us back a solid century. 
@_date: 2014-05-03 06:28:19


That's what makes the analysis of utility a bit tricky: it's not an additive sum of properties, the interaction between the properties counts too.
Digital things have enormously useful properties (transfer at speed of light for example), but no value, realistically (as media industries are finding out to their chagrin), due to ease of copying. Adding unforgeability into the mix and suddenly the equation can totally change.
So just to clarify, you're now saying that the entire driving force of bitcoin's value is unforgeability? It's worthless as a currency, has no value in cash flow generation, aesthetics, or consumption. But the pure fact that it's a bunch of digital, unforgeable bits of information makes this valuable? If the dollar was unforgeable then hey, we have a high utility currency backed by the might, wealth, institutional integrity, and future revenue streams of the US government just made more secure. With bitcoin we can now be assured that a bunch of worthless bits of data are quite safe from forgery. 
@_date: 2014-12-22 21:51:32
Hey, you're the one who doesn't understand what the actually do. 
@_date: 2014-12-24 07:29:30


Yet the number of people who have "embraced" this new technology is next to nil. Companies and non-profits which bow to your weird, hostage-less hostage-taking demands earn comparatively very little from bitcoin users. 
So why do they have to go out of their way to humor you, particularly when they risk actually losing money like Mozilla did?
This just sounds like narcissism to me.  
@_date: 2014-09-11 23:18:04
Russia's playing political games, they couldn't survive without the dollar. 
@_date: 2014-10-09 19:05:45


Get this out of your head. It's not helping you. Bitcoin is not the internet. It is in no way related to what the internet was. It has none of the potential of the internet. Fringe groups see potential in things all the time, just because you are a fringe group that "sees potential", does not in any way relate you to the internet and does not in any way validate your opinions or bitcoin. 
No one but speculators and the gullible believe in it - because it is shit. 


In terms of communication, many systems (email, ftp, ssl etc) have time and again been demonstrated as inherently flawed. Not only in themselves but also in terms of exposing underlying, systematic flaws vis-à-vis praxis. That is why Google made Wave for instance. They failed because they didn't adequately answer why it should exist.
In terms of being a social network, the Internet succeed because a few entrepreneurs thought everyone would, or really, should want to have a computer in their home, transforming the mainframe "paradigm".
You don't need to write like this. Cut the crap, I can only assume you're something in the range of 14 years old and material.  Feel free to make it clear that you aren't.
But none of this fucking matters at all. Bitcoin is not the internet. It can't do anything for money/exchange/transactions like the internet did for communications because it is DEEPLY FLAWED ON A FUNDAMENTAL LEVEL. Theoretically, the entire existence of bitcoin is absolutely stupid. 
There is no relation between bitcoin and the internet. I don't care what problems the internet solved. The only thing that matters is that bitcoin is a horrible solution to any of the problems it hopes to fix. On top of that there are a shitload of additional elements of bitcoin that only make it worse. 
You are so caught up in your little adventure down fantasy land that most of your paragraphs are completely nonsensical. But you just need to understand that 1. the development of the internet has NO RELEVANCE to bitcoin and 2. that Bitcoin is deeply, deeply flawed on many levels, theoretical and practical, and there is not way it even can solve the problems it hopes to solve. 


Yes, I can tell you with certainty that bitcoin will fail. It won't work. It can't solve any of the problems it wants to solve. It's deeply flawed on a fundamental level. There's no new "paradigm", whatever the fuck you're trying to say by that, only massive losses for the gullible and the speculators who don't get out in time. 


Ok, again, you don't need to write like a constipated 14 year old recovering from a thesaurus high. 
At this stage, yes we can predict that bitcoin, based off of it's deep fundamental flaws, will fail. The internet has no relevance. 
@_date: 2014-10-10 18:09:25
Well, you won't be able to afford a Reddit account by then, but trust me, I will feel very sorry for you. 
@_date: 2014-10-10 17:01:56
It's both scam and stupid. I cant fix your stupid even if i tried. Enjoy your losses.
@_date: 2014-05-03 22:39:53


There still won't be any value to it. It may offer some interesting opportunities for online payment and transfer, but it will still remain unbelievably risky and will only be propped up as a currency by a mixture of faith and an extremely unstable parallel relation to the dollar. 


"that's just math," really? Remember what I said about financially illiterate? Pure volume of trade won't suddenly justify this. Sure, wide scale adoption (which given its volatility and inferiority to the dollar, it won't see) would give btc a degree of utility it currently simply doesn't have, but it will still fail to be backed or supported by anything of real value, it will still not achieve anything like the security and utility of the dollar, and it would have to shed the speculative value that makes up just about the entire price of btc. 


This is not a source of value. The fact that it exists would give btc a degree of security greater than something like the dollar in basic utility, but it doesn't make something that has no value valuable. Like I said, backed by blind optimism and faith. You could have believed with all of your heart that beanie babies were immensely valuable and would someday be worth a fortune. That doesn't change a fact that there is nothing about them that made them more valuable than your average overhyped stuffed animal. 
And no matter what, if you ever hope to see btc become whatever redundant form of pseudo-currency you currently want, it will have to shed the massive speculation that makes up almost all of its current price. That will equal a huge price correction and all those investments will probably be gone. 
@_date: 2014-10-10 01:51:53
Guess you're in the "lose everything" party. Bitcoin is shit. Like I said, a combination of speculation, blind faith, misinformation, and idiocy somehow manage to keep it afloat. But there's no value underlying that. 
@_date: 2014-05-02 00:09:07
What exactly was your legal recourse when Mt. Gox went under? Oh yeah, there wasn't one.
@_date: 2014-09-10 21:31:06
Except for mobile payments with bitcoin are extremely difficult, whereas apple pay and similar offerings will be extremely easy. 
@_date: 2014-05-06 16:03:07


Yes there is, with the people who have a significant amount invested in it desperately trying to get more people to buy in to prop up their shitty, dangerous investment.
And absolutely fucking no, it is not like stocks. A stock it a legally binding contract that gives the holder a set stake of ownership in a company. The value/price of the stock represents anything from the expected future cash flows of the company to the book value of the company's assets. 


.... In that you can't actually use bitcoin for anything other than as a particularly shitty and unstable parallel to the dollar in an extremely limited fashion? The dollar is the highest utility and most secure currency in the world. It is backed by the wealth, faith, might, political power, institutional integrity, and future revenue streams of the US government. Bitcoin is backed by the blind faith of a few financially illiterate amateurs? See the difference?


What does the USD have compared to that? Or any other currency for that matter. Why would people not want anything of that?
Enforced scarcity doesn't create value on its own. Why is a limited edition collectible more valuable when scarce? You'd have to be an idiot to think that the very fact that it's scarce is the enough on its own to make it valuable. I could issue 10 signed autographs by myself, that's scarce right? Must be valuable, no? There is already value/demand for a limited item, and then the fact that the demand for that item is greater than the supply adds to the price. 
""Multisignature transactions (enables everything from wallets like GreenAddress.it, escrow/arbitration like Bitrated.com, giftcard like services, shared wallets, etc), smart contracts (the seller automatically gets the money when the contract is fulfilled, neither part can cheat the other), smart property (the exact same moment the car is paid for, the buyer gets access"
Partly hypothetical, and it comes with a large variety of additional risks. What does it matter what you can do with your encrypted little bits of data when they have no value and no utility other than throwing them around the internet in your little games of pass the bit? Regardless, as I said, BTC may end up one day achieving some use as some sort of redundant, extremely volatile proxy currency. But again, you'll have to shed the speculative value. 
Compared to that the USD has an extremely high level of utility, incredible security, and significantly less risk. Even then, people shouldn't be stupid enough to hold it as an investment. Yet here you have bitcoin with just about everything incredibly worse and incredibly more risky than the USD and people are holding it as a speculative investment. 


I'd say ALL of it's usage in finance is speculative because it is ENTIRELY based on it's expected value. And I'd say none of the use in jewelry adds to any practical value considering that it's entirely possible for people to go for something else. All the people who want it in their jewelry BECAUSE it's valuable just contribute to the speculative use. Those who only want it because of the look contribute with no value at all because they just as easily could pick something else.
So that just leaves the 10% in industrial use as contributing with non-speculative value.
And before any industrial use was found for it, the speculative value was 100%, for centuries.
That's just absurd. "new gold produced" for one thing. Another is your absurdly silly dismissal of jewelry and related uses as a good. Jewelry has value artistically, aesthetically etc. etc. Do you think a Rolex watch just has no value? The demand of the jewelry industry for gold means nothing? The demand of the consumer for gold jewelry means nothing? Christ. 
Furthermore, due to a variety of factors, including its use in the jewelry and industrial sectors as well as its individual utility, gold has reasonable function as a store of value. Even then, it makes for an incredibly shitty and highly speculative investment that only the financially illiterate doomsday types (e.g. half the cryptocurrency crowd) and those that prey off of them seriously invest in/speculate off of. 


If there was any risk of that, it would be priced in.


Then if it has such unique properties, maybe one day there will be an application for it. Until then it's just a pile of speculative, overhyped, worthless, and unbelievably risky garbage. 
@_date: 2014-10-09 18:40:25
Crypto is a walking dead man. Propped up like a mannequin by the speculators, the pump/dumpers, the stupid, and the gullible. There's no value here, just a countdown to the end.
It's honestly hilarious to think these even existed, much less that people have put so much money into them.
@_date: 2014-12-22 21:33:38
Because their fit for the job usually has little to nothing to do with finance or their ability to work a computer, but rather solely with their ability to bring in revenue. 
@_date: 2014-09-28 07:27:46


Honestly, there's little point in me talking to you, you're so utterly lacking in any kind of academic or practical experience/education with regards to finance/the economy, there's no way someone could hold a substantive conversation with you on the topic. You've read false and purposely misleading information on the internet and convinced yourself you know shit, but I'm going to tell you a hard truth, you know nothing about this. 


What an absolute child. 
And no, no one will be happy with deflation, take a first look at the many historical examples. You may be able to begin to get a slight idea of how this all works if you start here. You clearly don't even understand the fundamentals. 


There is so much wrong with this. 


It has nothing to do with whether or not you can get a loan, it only has to do with how much the loan costs.


The fuck? Do you even know what a loan is? If I could make sense of your response I could reply, but I doubt you know enough to make a point. Even if everybody takes less, the cost/value of debt still rises with deflation, nominal mean nothing in this context. And I can't imagine how you can suddenly assume businesses will magically seek less money. Does it happen just because you think it would? Based on what?


What a delusional twit. If like gold, "money" gained value, fools like yourself would just sit on it instead of doing anything with it (as you do with bitcoin) while the economy stalled and went to shit. THANK GOD Bitcoin is nothing but a wet-dream power fantasy for delusional, neckbearded ancaps and libertarians. At least their fantasies and deranged hoarding won't have any effect on the real economy because none of them have much in the way of interests outside of their basements. 
The FED will survive because it does what it has to do and what the US economy needs it to do. You may not like it, but it enables you to live in the strongest economy in the world.


I'm speaking to you from the very literal historical and practical effects of deflation. I don't care if you don't like it. I don't care if you're too much of an idiot to understand it. In practice, your real wealth won't increase. In practice, there are a huge number of negative results of deflation. In practice, there's very little to like. 
You have... what? "I think it will be like this so it will"? Your feelings? Surprisingly, the economy doesn't work based off your feelings.


Did you just make those numbers up randomly? Do you even know what you're *trying* to say? Did you consider the fact that deflation in its own right increases the real costs of interest and debt etc. whereas inflation decreases it?
Fixed interest rates? Do you even know how interest is calculated? And sure, lenders will make a killing, at the expense of all consumer, business, and government borrowers stifling growth, investment, consumer spending etc. etc. etc. 


What the fuck is this? Offer shares for their houses? Where on earth did you pull that from?
Buyers go through banks because they don't have the liquidity to purchase a house outright. Do you really not understand that? It's also cheaper to purchase a house through debt. Do you know what the time value of money is?


The only ones who will profit from deflation will be lenders, at the expense of all other business and consumer interests. Then as businesses suffer, through the process I described, your wealth will fall as well. Lenders get richer, everyone else gets poorer (and then eventually, so will the lenders), that's the future of the world you've envisioned.


The gold standard hasn't existed in practice since the '30s.
You can ALWAYS tell someone who is completely ignorant with regards to finance/economics when they mention the gold standard in a positive light. The gold standard was hilariously bad for the economy, causing intense economic volatility/instability and counter to your wild and baseless claims, generally aided serious wealth disparity. Even worse, major economic players/individuals had the ability to directly influence/manipulate the economy through their direct ownership and acquisition of gold. 
Getting off the gold standard was a long overdue evolution in finance which has had significant positive impacts across the world. I understand you're some kind of strangely contradictory Luddite, but we've progressed beyond swapping goats for sheep, we've progressed from swapping hard specie for goods and services, and for the most part we've progressed from hard currency. Thankfully, we aren't likely to go backwards 100 years in financial progress based on your entirely misinformed and unfounded opinions. 


All you can do is read charts. You don't have the ability to understand anything any deeper. What you also fail to understand is that "charts" can and almost always are extremely misleading. Of course, you would both have to understand the topic as well as statistics to get why most charts are misleading (not that I expect you to).. bringing me to the next point... 


Don't make it my problem that you don't understand statistics. 90% of academic and policy economics is statistics, your lack of understanding is a critical part of your ignorance with regards to this topic. In fact general misunderstandings with regards to statistics is a huge cause for concern among the economics community, leading to misguided little opinions like yours and misguided little ventures like bitcoin. 


Well, I guess I shouldn't expect more from the type to buy so wholeheartedly into a nonsense ponzi scheme. Well, heck, given your comments, there's no reason for me to expect anything worthwhile from you at all with respect to this topic. 


But you don't understand economic theory, not even your own wrong economic theory and how it fits into the real world.
To me, your  rant is nothing more than I'd expect from the average nutter who's stumbled across something that he's determined, completely outside the bounds of reality, to be the biggest/most important thing around. You've made it your idol, you've become so conceited and absolutely deluded by the thought that you have some kind of privileged information or edge over people who know more than you - so then you say idiocy like "explain these things to you in terms your toddler brain can understand" and "open your mind to economic theory that opposes your bigotry" and "I'll try not to be condescending" - you know, the kind of thing your average little shit would say. But the fact is, you know absolutely nothing about this. Your insane arrogance is based on no knowledge, skill, or talent of your own, and even then around an entirely flawed idea which will probably lose you and many others a lot of money in the near future. 
I know because I've done very similar things, God willing, we all move past things like these and look back on how much of an idiot we were in the past. Those who can will grow, those who can't will never change. I hope you figure it out.
@_date: 2014-07-03 05:00:48
Is this the "I'm in high school and wish things were cheaper so deflation is good" school of logic? Or the "everyday analogies answer all of our deepest questions" school of economic theory?


So much wrong with this.


This is not deflation. You do not know what you are talking about. 


No one believes that. You do not understand what you're trying to critique. 
@_date: 2014-10-26 02:16:42


You mean besides fucking billions of dollars in revenue from the many products and services that they sell? Did you really just ask that question? (Though yes, they're both currently a bit overvalued).
@_date: 2014-05-03 08:47:25


Sounds like an MLM pitch.
And it's not going to matter what you can do with your digital tokens if they're worthless. Even if you ever hope to do any of this with your redundant pseudo-currency, you're going to have to shed the speculative value that has built on BTC. And the speculative value drives just about 100% of the price, so say goodbye to your investments if you ever actually want to use this in the way you hope. 
@_date: 2014-05-02 23:11:11


The fact that you cannot forge bitcoin would secure its value, but does not create any value in itself. If it had any utility, it would improve the security of its utility which would add to the value of that utility relatively.


Yes, but the difficulty of mining precious metals is not what adds the value. Cost of production does not affect value. If they contribute to rarity, that can improve on value that an item already has because of limited supply relative to demand. But in itself, no, cost does not equal value. 
@_date: 2014-05-03 22:11:22
The dollar is valuable and stable because it is backed by the wealth, political power, institutional integrity, and future revenue streams of the US government. 
You hope bitcoin will be stable because it is backed by... the blind optimism and faith of the financially illiterate amateurs who want to make a quick buck off of it?
@_date: 2014-04-14 06:08:11
This sounds like your average multi-level marketing pitch. So much misinformation, so much of what he says is absolutely wrong. 
This guy's an idiot. Or he's just really good at making people buy his bullshit. 
@_date: 2014-05-02 00:57:42


That doesn't mean anything. He's trying to prove that higher btc prices in USD is evidence, the fact that they are exchanged similarly doesn't show that relationship true. What is far more likely is that transaction costs are far higher relatively because they are exchanged in person, yes? That's the most likely relationship I see.


Number of sites which accept bit coin per city means nothing. Without further research you have no idea at what volume those things trade at or what vagaries cause the variance with the one example he gave, New York. Argentinian infrastructure is far different from New York. Maybe they are disproportionately clustered in these particular cities for another reason. Without data for the while country it means even less.


I think that's nonsense. There's no reason and considerably more uncertainty for the non-members of the bitcoin parish to switch their inflation hedge from dollars to btc. Grasping at straws is how I see this.
(Sorry for the quotes, I'm on my phone)
@_date: 2014-12-29 05:14:51
Haha, well at least we know bitcoins won't. If dollars didn't exist in 90 years, we can be even more certain that bitcoins wont ;)
@_date: 2014-07-03 13:31:36
No, that does not equal inflation of the currency. The prices of a good can "inflate" or "deflate", but that is not the same as inflation/deflation of the dollar/economy, it's not the same thing nor does it carry the same implications. 
Even when you use something like CPI to get a rough measure of inflation, you can only calculate it by using a basket of different goods across multiple industries, because a change in price from one good can come for any number of reasons, not simply because of a change in the real value of the dollar. 
The reason tech prices have fallen is due to advances in technology and the commoditization of the industry, it is not the same as deflation in this case. 
@_date: 2014-05-02 20:47:15
This guy is financially illiterate. 
Cost *does not equal* value. You can put thousands of hours into something and it can still be completely valueless. The value of precious metals and collectibles are not based off of this nonsense principle he just made up. 
@_date: 2014-09-11 01:28:57
You talk as if bitcoin isn't only accessible (and even then, not even profitable) to upper-middle class wannebe-techie-hipsters in their own right who masturbate over bad economics and neo-dipshit political ideals and have the free money to blow on something that isn't in the slightest bit practical. Don't give me your holier-than-thou bullshit. 
Apple pay is probably comfortably more accessible than bitcoin, far easier, far more useable, doesn't carry the insane risks, and will probably serve as a model for yet more affordable and more practical alternatives, as many Apple ventures have in the past.
@_date: 2014-12-31 01:17:42
Unless they don't actually want to touch bitcoin because it's a security risk and can't be used for anything they need. Something which completely insulates them from bitcoin and pays them in cash they can use it probably the answer. 
@_date: 2014-12-22 21:22:57
You have no fucking clue, do you?
"Go fuck yourself", hahahaha! Brilliant. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 15:32:49
You cannot equate deflating price for a good/commodity with economy wide/currency deflation. The reasons and implications are entirely different. They simply are not the same thing. I get that you aren't capable of understanding why.
@_date: 2014-07-05 04:47:42
Natural inflation is good, deflation is bad. Or rather, natural inflation is far better than deflation. 
Natural levels of inflation allow the economy room to grow, free up capital, reduce the value/cost of debt, allows for sound economic policy, and in turn moderates economic fluctuation. 
Deflation increases the cost of debt, drastically exacerbates economic fluctuation, stifles economic growth, reduced availability of capital, under-investment, and deflationary spirals which kill production and growth. 
@_date: 2014-10-10 16:27:29
Well, I could take you through 40,000 characters on the many, many reason's that's the case. But you're clearly not the type of person capable of taking any view other than your own.
I also don't really care enough about your future losses to take the time.
@_date: 2014-10-12 00:46:12


Also deeply flawed.


It clearly isn't.


Has not proven to be well facilitated by any coin. Like I said, maybe a few few elements far divorced from the coin communities, infrastructure, theory, and ideology will be useful with real money. 


No need to use your weird cult buzzwords with me. 


I don't care about your credentials. Has nothing to do with bitcoin. Either way, you clearly picked up nothing about finance. 


Ah yes, anecdotal evidence from "tech conventions" which are "internationally hosted". The number of people who believe in/use bitcoin are effectively next to nil. What, a few hundred thousand at best? I don't care that a bunch of ancap/libertarian twats run around some "internationally hosted" conventions - to collectively masturbate over a failed implementation of technology - so they can assuage their fears that their speculative funny money won't turn turn into the ponzi scheme that it already is - and run away with their earnings. 


Most of the "core innovation" is shit. Beyond that, "If you divorce SOME elements of SOME of the tech related to bitcoin from bitcoin, the bitcoin community, peripheral bitcoin organizations, and the hype, and you MIGHT be able to salvage something. But bitcoin will still fail and take your money with it." I have no idea what you mean by "ignore history" and the "inevitable", but this is why people think you are all little more than a cult. 
@_date: 2014-12-29 07:56:37
What is this, "thusly"? "Thusly your statement is false"? Did I stumble into a high school composition class? Should I expect to have to hunt down a thesaurus to slam my head against a few times?


Yes, either serious security flaws throughout the system or deeply flawed practical applications of an idea that is deeply flawed on a theoretical level, which in turn functions as a pyramid scheme as idiots try to get bigger idiots to buy in to prop up their investment. 


When compared to the systems in existence, zero. Nada. 


You mean besides the last 10 or so years as developed economies have come significantly closer to "cashless"? Did you miss that? Except we have been and can continue to do it with much more efficient, much more effective, wholly cheaper, much better, and much more secure instruments and systems like credit cards. Bitcoin has zero relevance to the growing concept of "cashless", we're already becoming "cashless."
On a theoretical level, and, assuming it ever reached that point (which it wont), on a practical level, bitcoin would represent a major regression in the financial system. Effectively throwing away hundreds of years of financial innovation because or simple ignorance. 
@_date: 2014-07-05 04:35:27


Incorrect, they are allowing people to pay bitcoin to external processors who in turn pay them in cash, because bitcoin is entirely useless to any company. They just threw a bone to the rabid BTC community to stop the harassment and fool you into giving them more money. 


Yes, the industrial revolution occurred with gold backing, and then there was a financial revolution when we realized that gold backing stifled growth, strangled businesses, led to significant detrimental fluctuation in the economy, and didn't allow for sound monetary policy. Etc. etc. etc. The Industrial revolution also occurred with the use of steam engines, horrifying working conditions, and when most people didn't see a problem mixing water and sewage systems. But thankfully, we've evolved past that - just like we've evolved past the gold standard. 


Well, for one, I think your increasing value proposition doesn't fit this situation. For another, when I specifically mentioned how costly it would be to acquire sufficient market cap in BTC from people who hold it now, you said that BTC was infinitely divisible, so it wouldn't matter. So, essentially, the value of BTC is whatever you want it to be, because investors could acquire whatever market cap they needed by subdividing the BTC that they could acquire and assigning it an arbitrary value even though they didn't capture any significant portion of BTC. 


Largely wrong. Hyperinflation is bad. High inflation is iffy. Natural levels of inflation are good (Or at least far better than deflation). It allows the economy room to grow, decreases the value/cost of debt for people in debt, frees up capital, and allows for sound monetary policy to regulate economic fluctuation. 
It is not theft, and no one loses a penny who isn't stupid enough to keep their assets in pure cash, though I understand the mattress bank is the an-cap's favorite method of investment. 


You're a victim of Keynesian bad economic theory. You should look into much more sound Austrian economics and come back to this discussion.
Natural levels of inflation are good (Or rather, they are at least far better than deflation). I told you why. It's not some grand conspiracy from academia and the government against you. The fact is that you're correct, you and much of the rest of the voting populace do not understand inflation. They see the real value of the dollar decline slightly over time and assume it's bad, you simply don't understand everything that goes into it or all of the positive externalities of natural inflation. That's the same logic which drives people into the absolutely foolish notion that deflation is good. It seems like common sense, but it's entirely wrong. 


Ok, you can believe something entirely wrong all you want, it's not going to suddenly become correct from pure belief. I truly hope you don't have all of your life savings in bitcoin because you WILL lose it all. The only thing remotely viable is some elements of the underlying technology, and I don't think bitcoin will survive even if elements of the technology do in some fashion. 
As for betting for/against the bitcoin, I wouldn't touch it. There are sane ways to make money and infinitely better investment options. 
@_date: 2014-10-03 17:13:28
I'm sorry for responding so late, trust me I wanted too, but got a bit too busy to make the time. I wanted to take the proper time to address your comment because holy fucking shit is it hilarious you sad, delusional little man.
Honestly anyone that thinks like this is a complete fucking idiot.  Let me ask you this, can you trade the US dollar?  Can one US dollar be substituted for another US dollar in any trade?  IT'S A FUCKING COMMODITY YOU RETARD.  
Perhaps it doesn't meet some dumb ass strict definition of yours but IT'S A FUCKING COMMODITY and IT IS MARKETED.  You are marketing it now and disparaging another commodity--bitcoin.  The problem is you don't even know why you are doing this.  You hate bitcoin because you don't understand money itself or the true role it should play.
Why don't next time you just say straight out that you don't actually know what a commodity is. I would understand because I don't expect you to know, no need for a whole paragraph to get there in such a roundabout way.
A commodity is a raw material/raw base product roughly equivalent which is bought, sold, and consumed for its physical properties. AKA, nothing like the fucking dollar/real currency which is a financial tool, you monumental fuckhead. Caps lock your way through another unreadable and useless paragraph on the topic all you want, you're still flat out wrong in almost every sense.
Where you're ever so slightly (and accidentally) correct is that bitcoin is much closer to a commodity, as you buy bitcoin for the purposes of having bitcoin. Bitcoin is the product, not a tool as it had effectively no usefulness. The problem being that you should not want a currency to be valuable/the product itself, currency alone does nothing, has no use in production/advancement, and simply shouldn't be held on its own, rather it should be invested/utilized - stemming from which are many of bitcoin's fundamental failings as a "currency".


Again, my angry little buddy, no need to write such long paragraphs to tell me you're absolutely clueless and don't understand anything.
Equal units given to all citizens equally? I thought bitcoiners weren't statists/socialists? Either way, it's nonsense, you want the fed to hand deliver money to your door so you can justify sitting on cash? How about you invest it chucklefuck, that's effectively how the fed distributes the money.
As for the fed "collecting debt", they've been throwing money into the economy at negative real interest rates for some time now, effectively giving money away. What more do you want?


Except you don't understand. You don't even know anything to base your understanding on.


Goddamn you are so much fucking fun. This is top level copypasta.
To start, you are 1 not 63 and 2 not a millionaire. Though I understand why, given your clearly intense insecurity and passion for pretend money, you would pretend on the internet, but you don't seem to realize that it won't cover your insecurities and won't validate anything you've said.
My guess is that you're one of two people. The first being someone from the ages of 16 to 25 with no real accomplishments or knowledge of your own, so you imagine pretending to have it will suddenly make it so. The second being some washed out 26-40 year old hoping to live vicariously through a fake internet persona. 
Assuming you were 63 or well off, god help you, you sad, sad little man that you 1 think that it would validate *anything* you say and 2 that you're pitiful enough that you need to come on to the internet to validate yourself.
As for giving you financial advice based on my own mistakes, I'm not stupid enough to have ever touched bitcoin. But yes, you are clearly very naive and lack relevant knowledge when it comes to money/investing, two essential characteristics to be the type of person to buy into a ponzi/pyramid scheme.
With regards to you "being around a very long time" and "everything I've said being fact as I see it", you are an absolute fool to think that this would give you any authority on the topic or cover for your insane ignorance. You neither know nor understand shit, no amount of age will fix that and no age will provide any relevance or authority to your nonsense opinions.


Though clearly your predictions are based on *absolutely* nothing, yes bitcoin will go below 100 and then continue to crash through the floor, taking the life savings of you and all the other chumps to stupid to get out with it.
Bitcoin is not an honest currency, it's a get rich quick ponzi scam for fools which benefits a tiny number of speculators at the expense of the stupid and gullible.


Well neither your age nor my age has *any* relevance to this discussion or to bitcoin. I just hope you get out before then


Well, you clearly don't understand the us economy, the fed, or money enough to comment on any of these issues.
If the dollar ever did run into trouble, you'd be fucked first, as bitcoin would be among the first things to go as people flee highly risky or entirely speculative investment. It's not like btc has any underlying value or any practical use.
And you clearly don't understand sovereign debt, if I could borrow the amounts of money the us gov can, under the terms that they can, for the purposes that they do, at the interest rates that they do, I'd be trillions in debt as well and sitting pretty.


Bitcoin solely benefits the few hundred individuals with substantial holdings who can pump up the price and then dump it prior to crash. *Everyone* else, the poor, middle income, the ones not in on the ponzi scheme etc. are entirely and unilaterally fucked. Even then, the speculators who stay in will get fucked all the same one day.
The real world economy is infinitely better than bitcoin's fake one. I just hope you get out before you get substantially damaged as well. I mean, we wouldn't want you to finish going senile while your savings are buried by bitcoins failure, eh?
@_date: 2014-07-03 21:40:17
I have about five minutes to make a response then I have to leave for a couple of days. I will touch a couple of quick things. 
1. Risk, volatility, corrupt business practices (of bitcoin related businesses), zero market liquidity, lack of legitimate backing, regulation, or monetary control, cost of transition, etc. etc. negate any hypothetical (and unsupported btw) drop in transaction costs.
2. Gold backed money was shittingly bad for the economy and individual businesses relative to "fiat money." This is basic economics."
3. You mention infinite divisibility, I get that. You also mention how dividing it further and further will allow investors to get sufficient market position. The way you talk about it makes it seem like you can just arbitrarily create value by, again, arbitrarily raising the price of a full BTC? There is no tie to value. 
4. A measure of inflation is good for you and very good for the economy. Read up on debt. Again, basic economics. 
5. Your understanding of the dynamics of supply and demand for currency is flawed. 
6. People "much smarter than me" who invest in this are rare and purely there to cash in on the speculation caused by ideologically unshakeable investors. BTC itself is shit. The technology may find a better home elsewhere, which is probably why some people have bought into related businesses. There are FAR more people smarter than me and far smarter than you who realize how badly this will fail. 
7. If you have your life savings in this, you will lose everything. If you have your life savings in related technologies, you may be able to make something of it. 
8. Let me reiterate, gold is a fuckingly shit currency in the modern economy. Bitcoin will suffer from some of the same problems, with almost none of the redeeming values. 
@_date: 2014-09-27 18:28:57
You are entirely and completely wrong, unfortunately. 




This demonstrates you have *no* knowledge of monetary theory/practice (not that I expect too much from Deflation is bad, understand that. Deflation discourages investment as I mentioned, it reduces production, it leads to higher volatility within the economy, it increases the real value of debt, etc. etc. You're thinking about it as if it's one sided, you may be getting a touch more for your money, but what is the result of that? Businesses get less for their product/costs, resulting in reduced production and significant/varied adverse effects on the economy. Then due to things like downward nominal wage rigidity, business costs don't fall the same. What do you think will eventually happen to your wages? With businesses losing more money or going out of business, they will lay people off/fire people - leading to lower consumer spending/worth - in turn causing more adverse effects for businesses - until you enter a dangerous deflationary spiral. The more competitive labor environment will eventually reduce wages/slow wage growth and sure, you may be able to get a bit more for your money, but you'll have less money and the businesses paying you/servicing you/driving the economy will be fucked. 
Then what happens to people/corporations in debt with deflation? Suddenly the value/cost of their debt is rising, in turn hurting consumers and discouraging businesses to invest - how do you think most businesses expand/grow? - through equity or debt... If the cost/value of your debt is rising, the return on your projects is lower and you invest less/lose money - again, fucking the economy. 
Deflation also increases economic volatility and reduces the FED/Government's ability to moderate it. Imagine the kind of volatility that would enter many business decisions if you had to determine whether there would be inflation or deflation over the course of your project/investment. Interest rates would fluctuate madly, returns would be unstable, prices both at the business and consumer level would go wild, and as a whole, the entire economic environment would suffer. Low levels of inflation are very easy to maintain, and make it much simpler and much more stable for businesses/consumers to make decisions. 
There are very relevant and very real world examples of the dangers of deflation found in economic history. I'd suggest you educate yourself on them.


I get that you're some kind of cool, counterculturalist economist, but Keynesian theory doesn't even exist in practice any more, some derivatives make their way into modern economic policy, but it's not the same. This is simply about practicalities. There's not some grand conspiracy to steal your money and give it to others, that's just daft conspiracy and you should feel ashamed for believing it. 


No one should be holding currency. Currency is for spending/using, not for holding or investing in itself. Don't shove cash into your mattress like a fool, and you'll have no problems. Then again, you're all for holding Bitcoin, and as I said, that's one of many reasons why BTC would be a horrible alternative to real currency. 
@_date: 2014-10-09 21:59:31
Asinine? Hardly. Pointless? Clearly. But it's true. Drop your shitcoins while someone's still stupid enough to buy them from you.
@_date: 2014-12-29 05:24:49


Where the fuck do you get that information? I doubt volume has been anything to speak of in order to materially impact margins, and cost of implementation and service will kill anything else. 


The volume on these transactions is pretty much nil. That's not the cause of the price decline. It's people selling out because they've realized btc is shot. 


And in turn, they provide faster, far more secure, wholly cheaper, and far more useable services at scale that makes bitcoin nothing but peanuts. 


There's no utility or competitive advantage over the dollar for the "mass market" to see. 


But that's all you do. You don't even try to sell the advantages of btc, which are effectively nil, you sell the get-rich-quick nonsense. It's a little MLM style party, and all you people on this subreddit do is hype/spam it to anyone who doesn't tell you to shut up loudly enough. 


But bitcoin doesn't benefit the mass market. There is no competitive advantage, rather strong comparative disadvantage. 
@_date: 2014-05-03 00:01:08


That doesn't create value. Simply additional costs which affects price. 
@_date: 2014-05-03 10:36:57


You clearly don't understand what money is. You may have the cultish belief that these factors somehow make bitcoin valuable, but it doesn't and it wont. These factors will not will not simply create value out of nothing. Regardless, you want to use it as a currency, but it has next to no utility as a currency.  So it's being treated as an investment, but everything about bitcoin makes it an absolutely shitty investment. 
And this post also sounds like an MLM pitch. 


No, it doesn't have half of those things. No, gold wasn't used as money because of the reasons you provide. And finance evolved past the point of needing to use gold long ago. Thankfully we were able to get off the gold standard, but now you want to create some sort of advanced digital proxy currency that regresses modern finance by a good few hundred years. 


COST DOES NOT EQUAL VALUE. Spend a million dollars to collect a pile of shit, and it's still a pile of shit. 


It has no function as currency. If you ever hope to have it function as some sort of highly risky and redundant pseudo-currency, you will still have to shed the absurd speculative value that makes up just about the entire price of btc. Goodbye all of your invested savings. 
@_date: 2014-05-03 01:00:52


Explain to me how exactly that helps you earn revenue? You don't "recoup costs" in accounting. You earn revenue. You match costs to revenue for accrual purposes, but that's not the same thing. 
How solvency relates to the equation is nothing like what you explain. 


BTC is an unbelievably risky and dangerous speculative investment. No individual should make it, and no business should ever consider it in the general course of operations. That's not risk aversion, that's risk prone. 


Fair enough. 
@_date: 2014-09-11 21:14:10
BRIC countries, roughly less China, have been slowly dying for the last decade or so. 
@_date: 2014-10-09 21:15:23
What an asinine comment. 
Shit technology sure as heck does. 
@_date: 2014-10-09 00:20:12
Its properties make it one of the worst possible alternatives for a currency and it's almost entirely non-functional as a medium of exchange. Even then there's very little you can even pseudo-use it for.
@_date: 2014-05-03 01:43:36


Ok, you have yet to explain to me how BTC helps recoup costs in the fashion you're describing here. 


You can remain solvent without earning a profit. I still don't understand how holding btc comes in. 


Businesses, particularly corporations of any real size, don't look at profits as something they can just throw into whatever speculative investment they want, particularly because legally they can't. In a sole proprietorship, it may seem more like that. They may do something like investing their cash assets in marketable securities to hedge for inflation or a variety of reasons, but that's a bit of a different situation. No sane corporation of any real size would invest their cash in bitcoin. And cash flows are far more important to a business than profits. As a former business owner, you should be familiar with that concept.


What you're describing is something else entirely. A risk averse investor will will choose whatever option reduces his risk/uncertainty. Investing in a highly speculative and extremely risky investment given other options is not risk aversion. You're risk seeking, a speculator. 


I thought your comment was silly, so I pointed it out. 
@_date: 2014-10-10 01:12:54
What? You've sold them off already? Well done. A very good move on your part. 
@_date: 2014-10-12 00:06:31
You don't? Good for you.
@_date: 2014-07-03 10:52:00
The tech market is not deflationary...... That statement doesn't even make sense. 
@_date: 2014-05-03 03:55:02


Sane companies don't do that. A VC firm might do some risky investing like that, but not in something that's as poor an investment as bitcoin. 


It's not an argument of semantics, you simply have no clue what you're talking about. Regardless of whether a company might invest some of their cash into bitcoin, that's A. not what's going on here and B. not what a sane company would do. Though there are companies who will pursue risky investments, they wouldn't invest in something with the risk and lack of potential of bitcoin. Companies that provide non-financial goods and services generally focus on earning revenue, because that's the entire purpose of the company. If they do nothing but gather cash and throw it into investments in the hope of bearing returns, they might as well just spin it off into some sort of hedge fund or investment management firm. 
@_date: 2014-10-09 21:44:33


Yeah, I'm absolutely serious.


30,000 characters later we'd still be here arguing about stupid shit because you're so deeply immersed in your little cult philosophy, nothing can possibly reach you. 
At a surface level:
- From a monetary/currency perspective, bitcoin is shit. Just... in every way. 
- From an economic/financial perspective, bitcoin at just about every level, is positively stupid. Fundamentally bad for the economy. 
- Its transaction/exchange processes are deeply flawed.
- The bitcoin market/market dynamics are deeply flawed. 
- Bitcoin ownership dynamics are deeply flawed and have serious implications for other parts of the system. 
- Bitcoin users/investors are very heavily emotionally tied to the misguided cult-like philosophy surrounding it and the misinformation that feeds them. 
- The entire thing draws scammers, schemers, pump/dumpers, criminals, the misinformed, and the dangerously stupid to bitcoin and peripheral technologies/companies in droves. The whole system is awash with these people. The whole system is run/propped up by these people. 
- It has almost no advantages over alternatives and a huge number of dangerous risks on top of that. 
- Risks inherent in many aspects of the system make it completely unviable.
- Practical use is next to nil.
etc. etc. etc. 
 


That is hilariously silly. The fact that you can't see how idiotic that comment is... is also hilariously silly. 
Just because bitcoin is a technology, doesn't mean it has ANY inherent potential. It is not the internet. It is shit. Shit technology will fail. If the shortcomings of a technology pervade every level of the fundamental and theoretical system, there's nothing you can do. No amount of BTC worship will overcome that. 


Then don't write like a child trying to impress strangers on the internet... "adults".. Christ.
@_date: 2014-05-03 22:04:10
Fractional reserve banking is one of the greatest capital innovations in the history of finance. 
@_date: 2014-10-10 00:39:19
And it's an utterly flawed piece of absolute shit which will fuck everyone involved when it fails and is only kept afloat by "the speculators, the pump/dumpers, the stupid, and the gullible."
There is no value in its price but that. 
@_date: 2014-09-29 03:22:19
So what I gther you are actually telling me is 1. you can't understand what I'm trying to express to you, 2. you don't want to bother to try to understand what I'm trying to tell you, and 3. even if you were capable of understanding what I was trying to express to you, you would turn a blind eye. 
The Bitcoin community is very much like a cult, you being a perfect example of why. It's anti-intellectual, anti-empirical evidence/empirical based theory, anti any opposing information/opinions, and relies on its members remaining adamantly and voluntarily ignorant. Feel free to continue to be this way and stick in your close-minded little bubble of ignorance until reality pops it and you realize what a bad decision you are making. 
As for the "dollar failing," Don't be an fool. You lack the knowledge to properly contextualize the political implications of the discussion or the real world future of the dollar. The dollar won't fall, that's silly. The dollar is highly unlikely to even slip from it's current ubiquitous and essential position. Assuming the highly unlikely event that it ever did, that doesn't mean it would make way for the nonsense and failure that would be bitcoin. Bitcoin isn't even on the table in such an absolutely outlandish situation. It can't even begin to compete. 


The US dollar is not a commodity. Do you know what a commodity is?


Ahh, I see why you're so misinformed now. You get all of your information from inaccurate, incorrect, outright lying, poorly contextualized, and unfounded YOUTUBE VIDEOS with an agenda. I get that you don't actually know anything so you have to rely on  someone with an agenda to dumb down talking points and put them into easily digestible but poor (with regards to accuracy, contextualization, information etc.) visual mediums, but don't be mistaken, you are wrong. This video is silly and doesn't even deserve a second thought.
The fact that you even thought to use this as a source is laughable. 


The US dollar **won't** collapse. If it did, we would have SO MANY bigger problems to deal with and would have had SO MANY bigger problems leading up to that point. Not to mention that bitcoin would hilariously never survive the "collapse of the dollar." Bitcoin isn't even slightly a reasonable alternative to the dollar. Of course, it's unlikely to survive the next two years, so you'd never have to worry about the eventuality unless Russia starts nuking us in the next six months. 
If the situation progressed to where the dollar *fucking collapse* ( I want you to realize how absurd that is), bitcoin would be the LAST thought for ANYONE trying to find a safe haven for their wealth. It would be nothing. An even sillier idea than it is today. 


Yes, buying gold is for stupid people, the poorly informed, and the naive. It, very similar to bitcoin, is a highly speculative commodity that makes for a very poor investment for anyone but the speculator lucky (not smart, purely lucky) enough to get in while low and get out before the drop. Gold is a bad investment, it was horrible for the economy when it was tied to the dollar, and thankfully finance has progressed beyond swapping hard specie by a good 100 years or so. It does retain some value over time, but poor relative to the alternatives. It's a speculators wet dream and a home for the panic-ridden or misinformed investor. Governments (And I thought you hated governments - I guess if it fits your agenda, anything's okay) operate under different priorities, but even they continue to divest themselves of the stuff. 
The difference being that bitcoin is PURELY  (I REPEAT, **PURELY**) speculative. If investors in gold (which has at least some limited material value) are already either stupid, naive, or poor/poorly educated financial decision makers, what does that make people who invest in bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-10-10 16:15:32
Oddly enough, yes, I'm rather well experienced.
That doesn't matter though. Bitcoin's architecture is deeply flawed on a fundamental theoretical level for all of the purposes people want to use it to achieve.
Regardless, you just don't know shit. You throw out "code" like it in any way validates a word you said or automatically makes bitcoin not shit. An incredible number of things involving code are shit. 
@_date: 2014-05-06 18:27:09
I don't have much time to keep responding these, but I'll give it a go. 


There are various forms of pyramid schemes. The idea being that the only thing that is propping up BTC is the fact that more people are willing to buy in to it. Those with a lot invested in BTC have a vested interest in seeing more people prop up their shoddy investment, so that's why there's so much of this MLM type propaganda and cultish misinformation floating around. 


That's... absolutely wrong. 
1. A share is a portion of ownership in the company. You literally own a portion of that company. With BTC you have an encrypted bit of data that legally entitles you to... an encrypted bit of data. 
2.  Dividends are not necessarily a good thing and there's nothing wrong with a company not paying a dividend. If a company isn't paying dividends that likely means they are investing their cash back into growth. High growth companies don't pay dividends because they re-invest their cash in growth. Mature companies often do pay dividends because they have excess cash and have less need and advantage in investing that cash in growth. You still share in the increasing value of the company as it grows. 
3. There are very few stocks that do not have voting privileges. Those that don't are either contractually agreed upon in purchase of the share that you are purchasing the stock simply to partake in the future growth of the company or they are preferred shares. Preferred stock trade voting rights for priority in dividend payment and liquidation.
4. Which leads me to my next point. For one thing, bankruptcy doesn't mean a company that a company goes under, just that they reform with protection from and under guidance of their creditors. For another, a stock *legally entitles* you to recoup your losses as best the company can if it *goes out of business*. When a company goes out of business, they liquidate the company's various assets and the proceeds from that liquidation go to the debt holders and the shareholders. You are legally entitled to it. If bitcoin goes under (which it probably will) YOU HAVE NO RECOURSE. There is no inherent value, nothing to liquidate, etc. Regardless, if there is any danger foreseen of a company going under, that will be priced into the stock value particularly as public companies are legally obligated to disclose their financials. For bitcoin, particularly when it comes to situations like with mt. Gox, there simply isn't enough information to price the risk of failure into the value of bitcoin. 
5. If you know anything about valuing a company, then you know very well that the value of the stock is tied directly to expected future cash flows and other considerations. It's a science, there is a massive multi-billion dollar industry based off of it. Obviously there can be speculation, but the market eventually corrects. 


That is... an incredibly uniformed view of the history of finance/money. For one, you simply can't compare the barter/trade origins of money and the economy to the current situation. Consider context, I'm arguing that in the modern economy, bitcoin will fail as an investment and currency, and likely unless you fix your shit, will probably fail as a payment/exchange platform. And it's shitty because it has no value, backing, security, or utility. Pure instability of price isn't my problem, it's the underlying issues. 
Again, it's poor equivalence to compare the first issuance of currency to today's situation, particularly considering the vastly different economic, social, and political conditions and realities when they were formed. For example, the Pound has a very long history stemming from a good thousand years of evolution and development until it reached the form it has today. Regardless, even considering when the US first issued currency, it was still backed by the wealth, faith, political power, institutional integrity, and future revenue streams of the US government. 


Regardless of what nonsense PR has come out of international political chess, the USD is the most secure and trusted currencty in the world. It won't lose its reserve currency status. There are also a variety of reasons why particular countries might manipulate their USD holdings. 


That number is simply wrong. No idea where the fuck you get that. Low, steady inflation is both natural and good. Regardless, you're simply a fool if you sit on cash as if its an investment. But then again, you're sitting on BTC as an investment. 


There isn't, but i'm going to put my trust in the largest, most powerful, and wealthiest nation in the world rather than some risky, flawed, fly-by-night operation. You make the best informed decision you can. 


Heh... That's called blind faith and speculation. Good luck with losing everything you have in BTC mate. 


That's what you implied. And there has to be value there for the lack of demand/supply parity to increase price. Since there is no value, scarcity won't give it to you. 


Not a source of value. Or not under current conditions. As I said, it may survive as some sort of payment/exchange platform, but that's not the problem I have with BTC. 


Then be prepared to lose your investment as the price of bitcoin will have to correct in order to see the kind of utility you want. And "I have no grounds that I'm basing this off of, but just wait, I promise it will be worth lots of money" is neither confidence inspiring nor a sound investment strategy. 


The speculative value of BTC will need to be shed if it hopes to be used as a currency/payment platform, yes. Gold held in vaults is not intended to see use/utility. You won't be able to buy a loaf of bread or whatever with a currency which has insane speculative value. The problem lies in the fact that you hope to utilize BTC as a currency, that's why you will have to shed the speculative value. Whereas speculative value on another investment could certainly fluctuate (look at all of the idiots who bought into the gold bubble), you don't intend to use them as a currency. 


Scarcity is not a source of value on its own. Interaction with supply/demand is where it plays in. 


Have you read this sub? Did you read your comments? Yes, financially illiterate. 
And a majority of this community is hinging their investment in bitcoin on the doomsday idea that the USD and all other currencies will for some reason just die. As if bitcoin wouldn't be less than worthless if the dollar collapsed. 
I don't agree on its value. I believe it may have applicability as an exchange/payment platform, but it will have to shed its speculative value to see that. Bye Bye investment.
@_date: 2014-10-11 20:33:13
If you divorce SOME elements of SOME of the tech related to bitcoin from bitcoin, the bitcoin community, peripheral bitcoin organizations, and the hype, and you MIGHT be able to salvage something. But bitcoin will still fail and take your money with it. 


Technology? I'm not vitriolic towards technology. But I'm highly critical of Bitcoin as it's a valueless ponzi/pump&amp;dump scam. 


I would never be stupid enough to touch bitcoin, to short, invest, or otherwise. You really think I'd involve myself in this idiotic shitshow? Maybe you took daddy's allowance for your books and threw it away on this scam, that doesn't mean you should project your failures onto me. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 05:57:35
Ah yes, all those people who threw their life savings into bitcoin just... switching to an alternative. 
@_date: 2014-12-22 20:52:35
I don't think you actually know anything about investment banking. Sure, you've heard of bitcoin, and then promptly laughed it off while continuing the daily struggle of desperately restraining yourself from strangling your associate.
Assuming your average investment banker isn't too busy formatting powerpoints and resizing fonts to give a fuck. 
@_date: 2014-05-03 10:02:52


I said it sounded like an MLM pitch. Cultish, naive, and very much trying to sell me something. 
It's more of a pyramid scheme, where the individuals with large amounts of money and the individuals with a lot invested in the success of bitcoin or in various businesses dependent on bitcoin pitch a worthless product -  to get as many people to buy into the myth as possible -  in order to provide some value/base for them to speculate and profit off of.


It has no real utility as a currency and nothing that makes it valuable as an investment. If one day it has value as a currency, that'll be great for you, it will still require a huge price correction to shed the speculative value. 


No, for starters because bitcoin doesn't have any properties that make it valuable. It has no value for its utility, no use for generating cash flows or revenues, no aesthetic or consumable  value, no representative value etc. etc. 


Any speculative value of gold is nowhere near the level of speculation on bitcoin. ALL of bitcoin's value is speculative. And you just answered your own question, gold has use/value industrially, as a commodity/good, and financially. There certainly is a lot of speculation on gold which is why it was/is an absolutely shitty investment (A lot of foolish people bought into the gold bubble), but nowhere near the level of btc. And at the very least, there is some baseline to fall back on for Gold. Btc is just worthless at its base. The only possible hope I see for it as a medium/platform for online exchange, but it's nowhere near that point as of yet and currently and probably for the foreseeable future, the dollar will be FAR better and incredibly less risky for it. And again, if it ever hopes to realize that potential, it will have to shed the absurd speculative value. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 05:30:49
Ah yes, who doesn't love speculation. You'll eventually lose everything you still have in it though. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 12:04:20
You're nuts, bud. First of all that was a horribly colored and biased report from a shitty journalist at a shitty magazine. At least link to the OECD report. Second, this is purely OECD economists criticizing one element of their duties, the author is the one who makes all of the other conclusions. Third, the absolutely shitty journalism from this author makes absurd assertions, editorializations, and leaps of logic throughout. Fourth, yes, forecasts into the fucking future can be notoriously iffy, that doesn't change the fact that "fiat" money is a fantastic financial innovation relative to history, the gold standard is and was absolutely disastrous, deflation is very bad, and monetary policy can significantly help moderate the economy. Fifth, I didn't say that sound monetary policy is always enacted, just that when it is, it is the best solution. 
Your particular brand of nutty irrationality, blind ideology, and constant demand for affirmation is pretty typical of this subreddit. You don't know shit. If you know austrian economics, you don't know shit. 
@_date: 2014-10-26 05:48:05
You just said tech companies were worthless in an  attempt to compare bitcoin to multi-billion dollar revenue companies. 


"tech" has value because it has revenue generating potential. The most basic way an investor generally values any investment, be it capital expenditure, R&amp;D, stocks etc., is quite literally by valuing their future cash/revenue flows or impact on future cash flows. 
Why does a knitting machine have value to a cloth manufacturer before it's built? Because it will be able to knit cloth, which they can then sell, thus generating revenue. 


I wasn't discussing this. 
However, none of the technology behind bitcoin has any value unless applied effectively. And I'd argue that bitcoin is a positively horrible application of any of the tech behind it. 


You're not buying shares in the technology. You're buying the waste material of an application of the technology, i.e. bitocin. 
And what you're actually doing is paying into a massive and ENTIRELY speculative bubble which will only benefit the speculators and miners able to get out before it pops - and which is *only* held up as long as you're wiling to keep buying into it or "hodling". You're not buying "shares" in any technology, you're throwing your money into the bottom of the pyramid only pushing the lucky speculators and miners higher until it all topples over. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 08:00:55
Irrelevant, just because he plays politics with economics doesn't mean he's any kind of authority on this topic, much less that he's right in his blatantly politically motivated analysis. 
You talk to or read just about any sane economist, and they will be happy to tell you why we support "fiat" money, staying away from the disastrous gold standard, counteracting deflation, and enacting sound monetary policy. 
As for this guy's article, to be honest, some of his political analysis *is* reasonable, it's some of his conclusions which are batshit. Even then, he barely touches on deflation. 
And "Mom's basement patrol" from someone who believes this kind of nonsense and gives me these kinds of sources? Did you get all of your economic information from " Because that shit is hilarious. 
@_date: 2014-05-03 06:42:17


That's not the argument I'm making. I understand what you mean when you say that the properties of unforgeability and the properties of bitcoin theoretically might work together to create a valuable item. However, they don't.


This is more or less nonsense. How does this create value? How does this turn bitcoin from the worthless, redundant pseudo-currency it already is, to something of any kind of value?
@_date: 2014-05-02 01:05:18
Hold up, you needlessly abrasive master of edge . This example is commentary more on how absolutely stupid it is to carry around 50k dollars in fucking cash. There are other similar situations where people can move, steal, or misappropriate your btc funds such as with Mt. Gox. The point being that no matter how fucked up it is for a police officer to steal from you, at least the guy had legal recourse. 
You can argue that you could have stored your btc in better/safer places than Mt Gox, you can also argue how many better and safer ways there are to store and carry 50k dollars.
@_date: 2014-10-09 09:17:51


Yeah, that's nonsense. Regardless, it will be absolutely shit as any form of currency, medium of exchange, whatever you want.  


What an asinine statement. 
Except the internet could not have been nearly as bad at being the internet as bitcoin is as at being a currency. Bitcoin is horrifically flawed. So horrifically flawed that there's no salvaging it in anything like the form it is now. 
I could also say beanie babies are worthless. Would you also counter that statement with "well, they said the same thing about the internet." As if that meant something?


Ok, now you're clearly just fucking with me.
The change in bitcoin will be about as gradual as a fucking avalanche when it implodes under the weight of its own flaws, stupidity, and hype. 
@_date: 2014-10-12 17:07:03


30,000 characters later we might get around to starting. 


It's a commodity now, in no way a currency. It's being treated as an investment, and its only use is as a speculative investment. 


Ok, you clearly don't work in finance and know nothing about it. You can delude yourself into believing your little fantasy, but legitimate investors, firms, and people with a background in finance don't give bitcoin a second thought. Because it's fuckingly stupid. 
Maybe the tellers at the bank you do IT for would disagree, eh?


Then why share?


"Disruptive tech", again, what is this, an MLM meeting?  The only people which give bitcoin the time of day are ancaps, deluded libertarians, pump/dumpers, scammers, and criminals. It's clearly a shit implementations/use for a tech which may have interesting implications for a couple of its elements if far removed from everything related to bitcoin. 


Yes, I've heard it, and it's the type of meaningless little propaganda buzzword used to fool people into buying into MLMs, bad investments, pyramid schemes, and ponzi scams. Working in a corporate environment? Working in the tech industry? Christ. If you're working in a "corporate environment" (whatever that's supposed to prove) which relies on pumping little buzzwords like this, it's probably someplace you should leave very quickly. 


I don't really care to "debate" you, I believe I mentioned how much of a waste that would be, even of time I dedicate to wasting. 


Ignorant prattle? Do you belong in With comments like "Hey fuckwad c'mon, tell me where the bitcoin touched you."
"Oh ok, so you are just a stupid fucking troll who can't back up shit and just talks shit. Ok fuck face keep going"
"Yea technology always loses in the end. Wait..."
You're clearly heavily emotionally invested in bitcoin. No reason to bother talking to you then, no?
@_date: 2014-10-10 17:44:53
Will you be able to afford a reddit account in two years? I doubt it. 
And it's speculative capital gains but nor realized monetary gains. You won't have a penny. But I doubt you actually gained much, or even less likely that you could actually use your bitcoins to buy big ticket items. Like a large woodcarved mirror or something equally useless?
@_date: 2014-07-03 21:20:51
Mmkay. The actual definition of economy-wide/currency deflation/inflation requires a change in the real value of the dollar and economy-wide changes in prices. That's the actual definition of economy-wide/currency deflation. Changes in the price of one good/industry is a completely different matter. You should be able to read a definition, no?
@_date: 2014-05-02 00:20:24
Nothing in this article offers any evidence that btc is affecting the black market trade of dollars. Number of sites supposedly accepting bit coin also does not equal higher volume of bit coin usage than elsewhere. Not to mention higher cost of btc per dollar could reflect just about anything, particularly since there is no relation proven.
@_date: 2014-05-02 20:37:41


This is relative to other countries. So yes, I think this is a far more likely relation. The biggest and most obvious difference is that they are exchanged in person with individual dealers, btc's cost is tied in large part to the fact that it is cheap and easy to move around online. When you throw an in-person middleman into the mix with people less literate in the subject, transaction costs could conceivably go through the roof. And this doesn't have to explain the whole variance, it simply goes to show that there could be any number of reasons why btc trades relatively higher here which the author fails to explore or consider.


It shows a correlation. Without further research, there's no reason to conclude that this correlation means what you think it does. 


What is the value of sending it around easier? These people are hedging for institutional uncertainty and hyper-inflation, they don't need to transfer it anywhere, just sit on it. And yes, you do have to list the advantages that BTC brings. There's just about nothing they can use it on, and they aren't even buying dollars/btc to use, it's hedging for risk. The price uncertainty and value uncertainty with bitcoin is far far greater than they could ever expect from the USD. Why would they turn to a crypto-currency that they can't use and which carries a far greater risk and higher transaction costs than the simple, tried and true USD?


It's a speculative article, and that's fine. I just think it's simply very poor practice to present and draw the conclusions that he does. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 05:27:53
No, that's the wrong conclusion. De/Inflation is a change in the real value of your money, you can get a rough measure of inflation by measuring CPI, which is based on a whole basket of goods from a variety of industries. Even then, change in CPI is not the same thing as inflation. Falling prices in an industry due to advancing technology has nothing to do with changes in the real value of your dollar. 
@_date: 2014-10-14 19:15:47
This comment is the funniest thing I've seen in a month. Holy shit.
Bitcoiners and economics do not mix.
@_date: 2014-10-08 20:54:00
But... you can't actually use it for anything. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 08:13:15
I wouldn't touch it or any exchange/organization which deals in it, even to short it - way too much volatility. There *are* ways to invest your money that aren't bat-shit stupid, you know. 
@_date: 2014-05-03 00:54:42


How does bitcoin contribute to that process?


If I saw beanie babies when they came out for the first time and said, wow, those things will be worth a fortune in the future, I should allocate 10% of my assets to beanie babies. That will diversify my assets and hedge against individual risks from each asset. 
Is that risk averse? No, you chose an extremely risky option from a number of less risky options. 
@_date: 2014-10-10 05:06:22
Well I don't know, how long do you think it will take for btc cultists to realize there's absolutely no value in bitcoin? 
Until then, I'm sure the speculators and pump/dumpers will keep all the gullible/stupid roped into this little farce. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 05:39:12
You clearly haven't the slightest clue what inflation or deflation actually are, do you? I guess what you would expect from r/bitcoin. Yes, you can use inflation and deflation to mean different things, but your usage is wrong in this context. 
@_date: 2014-09-11 01:44:08


Just the fact that you realize that the key advantage of bitcoin payments is that it's "cool(er)" is more than enough to satisfy me.
@_date: 2014-10-10 23:55:26
God, you're a feisty little shit, aren't you. What were you going to do if I didn't answer? Write a comment every two hours till you feel better about yourself?
This is clearly not even worth the time I've dedicated to waste arguing with idiots on the internet. Go write some "captain of industry" fanfics or massage your bits in preparation for the day you lose everything on them. 
@_date: 2014-12-29 06:17:56
Bitcoin is nothing but security flaws and a a get-rich-quick pyramid scheme with no utility for either consumer or enterprise. There's zero net advantage over the dollar and current infrastructure, and far too many disadvantages. Not to mention that if things came about where the dollar "didn't exist", the US and world economy would have been so fucked, no one would even have the time to spare playing around with worthless bitcoins. 
@_date: 2014-10-20 17:44:37
So the answer is no then. 
@_date: 2014-12-24 07:19:31
It raised more money because it was shown to more people, nucklehead. The money per user was the only relevant statistic there. Do you honestly not understand how that's the case?
And the link was conveniently right below the regular payment option spot. Unobtrusive but quite easy to see.  
@_date: 2014-10-10 17:19:12
I doubt you were ever smart enough to consider selling them, so even if I bought into your fantasy, you won't have realized any profits. Give it a couple years and you'll have monetary losses on top of your opportunity losses.
@_date: 2014-07-03 01:01:04


Not quite. Bitcoin as you want it is not a good, it has no value in itself, you can't use an actual bitcoin to do anything, all of its potential value comes from the fact that people want to use it as a currency/store of value/medium of exchange. Bitcoin is also subject to extreme speculation, people buy it and the price goes up without any change in the intrinsic value of bitcoin or its utility as a currency - purely because nutter butters like yourself are absolutely convinced that the next person down the road will buy bitcoin from you at a higher price regardless of anything that happens to the bitcoin/bitcoin technology itself (your random, unsupported exponential price expectations being evidence of this). 
In order for it to be used as a currency/store of value/medium of exchange by regular, sane people who aren't ideologically invested in the mythos of the bitcoin, the price of bitcoin can't be so extremely dissociated from the actual value/utility of bitcoin. It will have to correct massively downward in price to see legitimate utility as a currency. 
For investors/regular people to buy into bitcoin in order to use it for these purposes, they would have to be able to acquire sufficient aounts of BTC to become market players, which they simply would never be able to do at these speculated prices. As it stands, the price of bitcoin is pretty much arbitrarily determined due to speculation. There's nothing that justifies the insane price, there's nothing about bitcoin which which qualifies it as being worth any given amount. Using your supply/demand analogy, investors/consumers etc. won't have any demand for BTC at these prices. 
Of course, you add all of this on top of the regular impact of insane speculation, flawed technology, ideologically driven investors, zero legitimate backing as a currency, no regulation, extreme instability, unbelievable volatility, corruption, and flawed business practices and you have a recipe for disaster, yet more reason why BTC will drop drastically in price assuming it doesn't fail completely. 
And, of course, these are all reasons why bitcoin will never see widespread adoption or legitimate utility as it is now.


And what drives demand? Demand isn't some all powerful, independent market force that acts on its own, there are things which drive demand, that's what actually drives price. If all of the demand for BTC is specious, driven by speculation not tied to the value of the item, then you'll be fucked at some point. Not to mention that demand dynamics work differently with currency, you use it as a medium of exchange/store of value, not simply as a good. There's a lot more to it than econ 101 would make you believe. 
People could speculate that the price of a pile of shit will go from a dollar a kilo to a thousand dollars a kilo because it will be used for a future technological application. Of course, if that technology is flawed or inferior to other technologies out there, you've just speculated a 1000x arbitrary rise in price on a pile of shit. Even if the technology does work, there's no evidence to believe that it will reach the price you suppose. Or even worse, if the input needed for the technology rises to 1000x what it was before, then the technology may no longer be viable purely for that reason, thence driving the price drastically downwards. (Or by analogy, even assuming bitcoin did end up working in some capacity, it could never function at the current prices, thence driving prices down).


You just based that off of absolutely nothing - another reason why BTC investors will probably lose just about everything, even if it ends up finding some measure of success (My bet is that it will fail entirely).


Do you realize how absolutely insane that level of volatility is? Why would anyone in their right mind actually use it for anything? And the people who actually *invest* in it are clearly just absolutely nutter buttered out of their minds. 
@_date: 2014-07-07 23:07:32
No, you see, whatever happens, you'll lose your bitcoin money. Whatever happens, I'll be perfectly fine, because i'm perfectly capable of making and investing money well. The volatility illiquidity etc. of BTC makes it dangerous to short just as well. There's no reason for a sane investor to touch it.  
@_date: 2014-07-02 04:57:23
If bitcoin ever goes into common usage, the price will have to correct drastically downward to counter the excessive speculation. It's not just gong to keep going up, particularly if it succeeds like you want it to. 
@_date: 2014-07-06 07:12:35
About inflation/deflation, this is simply factual stuff, I'm sorry you're unable to understand. 
You're a useful idiot for the speculators preying off of the fools stupid enough to put money into bitcoin. You're part of the cult they've created, and I feel for you. 
Whatever happens to bitcoin, it will never take over government issued currency or see widespread adoption, for the reasons I've laid out. You will lose everything. 
As for shorting bitcoin, as I said, there's no reason to touch it, there are legitimate ways to invest your money. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 04:57:20
That is NOT DEFLATION. Advances in technology and production tech making it cheaper to produce something is NOT the same thing as deflation in the way you're thinking. You're making the wrong conclusion. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 08:33:40
I'm sorry, but that's a load of baseless nonsense. Not that we'll ever see bitcoin itself used by the entire economy, even if the technology may survive. 
Just so long as you understand that deflation is not a good thing. And I don't think bitcoins level of inflation will be workable. In practical terms it will be deflationary as the economy grows, (even if bitcoin supply grows relative to its original supply) and that is very bad. 
@_date: 2014-10-20 06:16:17
And one of many reasons why it's fucked, but okay. 
@_date: 2014-05-03 00:52:08


At first, the production of a commodity simply because it is costly seems quite wasteful. However, the unforgeably costly commodity repeatedly adds value by enabling beneficial wealth transfers. More of the cost is recouped every time a transaction is made possible or made less expensive. The cost, initially a complete waste, is amortized over many transactions. The monetary value of precious metals is based on this principle. It also applies to collectibles, which are more prized the rarer they are and the less forgeable this rarity is. It also applies where provably skilled or unique human labor is added to the product, as with art.
Near enough what I draw from htat. 


It would mean increased calue relative to an alternative. When Bitcoin is till extremely risky relative to the alternatives, it doesn't mean much. it is also not a source of value in itself. Pure unforgeability is not a source of value in itself. 


No. Price can differ from value and from market value. Price and cost itself does not contribute to market value in the way you're thinking.  
@_date: 2014-07-03 05:54:18
So you throw me two links from a total crackpot and you're good? It's a pile of baseless bullshit from what I can pick up after a quick scan. 
I guess we've now progressed to the "I don't know shit so I'll appeal to the authority of someone who likes to make shit up" school of thought. 
When I have more time I'll read through it in depth. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 04:51:06
Deflation and falling prices due to advances in technology and production ability are not the same thing. You're making the wrong conclusion. 
Deflation is bad. Growing bitcoin prices != "wealth effect." Austrian economics is shitty, out of vogue, and largely discredited theory - please don't tell people to learn it. You are wrong about the Japanese monetary crisis. Strong economy and deflation are largely not compatible. 
@_date: 2014-12-23 03:19:25
Woah, bot, take that kind of comment over to cryptocerous. 
@_date: 2014-10-20 16:38:26
What can I say, obviously none of you understand inflation. 
@_date: 2014-05-03 22:01:37
That's what we call speculation. 
@_date: 2014-09-26 16:29:36


Actually, exactly the opposite. A fixed money supply would drastically increase volatility relative to now.
@_date: 2014-07-02 04:19:15
Why would they ever just adopt an extremely unstable and entirely unmanageable "currency" largely held by irrational nutter butters?
@_date: 2014-10-11 16:37:01
Haha, collapsing currencies? What collapsing currencies? Bitcoin isn't a currency, it's a valueless commodity which will fail and take your money with it. 
@_date: 2014-12-29 11:37:10


And bitcoin provides no advantages to them. Bitcoiners tout this third world dark horse like it will save you after the strongest, most dynamic economy in history has rejected you, but there's zero evidence of any impact on that sector, because bitcoin can't service any needs. And I'd be willing to bet the majority of the bitcoin community has never set foot anywhere near a third world country. That's just about the most arrogant, narcissistic thing you could think of. "Hey, poor colored people, I don't know how things work where you are much less what you need, but if you could throw your life's meager savings into my pyramid scheme so you can raise the price a few dollars for me so I can get rich without doing anything, that would be great." Getting Nigeria back for all those fake princes, are ya?


Do you know how dollars work? Or... Like... The internet? I thought bitcoin, as a 'currency' was supposed to be a tool, not a product. What are you selling? What do you get for selling it?


But it's not. Bitcoin entails massive security, volatility, efficiency, and opportunity costs. It offers no utility to the consumer over any of many existing systems. And it would offer no utility advantages to businesses if they operated in it (though letting you take all the risks while they get real money is probably fine).


And PayPal isn't necessarily something needed in many countries. Bitcoin definitely isn't.


Minus highly centralized mining, unbelievably centralized ownership, centralized means of trade and transaction, and largely centralized development. Keep kidding yourself.


Yes, bitcoin removes many, many consumer protections, chargebacks being one if them.




An extremely limited issue easily dealt with by legitimate merchants but overblown to the point of insanity so bitcoiners can pretend that btc has any kind of value to anyone.
Just look at the absolute epidemic of scams, fraud, and theft that run rampant throughout the bitcoin community if you want to see why we have consumer protection.


Haha, my favorite misguided bogeyman brought up by people ignorant of how the modern economy works. Low levels of inflation are good for you and definitely for the economy. Just don't hold cash or stupid assets like precious metals if you don't want to worry about it (and even that is usually inflation resistant, it's just stupid to hold precious metals).
Consider inflation something like a small cost of taking your money out of the productive economy and instead doing something stupid with it.
But hey, nothing beats stupid decisions like putting your pension in a completely insecure 'asset' with no comparative value to the rest of the economy (I.e. effectively worthless).
@_date: 2014-10-10 00:50:19
Clearly showing how little you know of anything related to the financial industry, much less relative to bitcoin. 
Did you really just think "oh, I bet this won't be a completely stupid thing to say" and then press submit with no regrets?
@_date: 2014-12-22 21:12:56
Haha, and what is an investment bank then? By the US definition or whatever the fuck that's supposed to mean?
@_date: 2014-09-26 22:51:54
Yes, that's how seasoned investors make their decisions. "Sure, there's a high likelihood I'll loose everything on this investment, but just look at that upside potential, it's theoretically infinite!"
@_date: 2014-07-03 05:02:06
13th century Europe would love to have you. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 05:20:04


What's the most basic tenet of the study of economics? Scarcity and how you deal with it. In the past, when humans ran up against difficulties or dwindling resources, did they stuff their money in their mattresses and hide in their anarcho-capitalist communes? No, we evolved/solved the problem.
Enjoy your time in your hermitage and fleeting romance with your worthless bitcoin investment.  
@_date: 2014-07-03 09:13:32
Everyone's free to believe what they want to believe, it doesn't mean they are right.
@_date: 2014-07-02 04:17:02
The campaigns against Gaddafi were led by the British and French because they get a significant amount of their oil from the region. It had more to do with improving control over oil resources for the Brits and French as well as removing an iffy middleman more than it had anything to do with the US, much less with the USD.
@_date: 2014-05-03 00:32:41


Fair, a degree of minimal utility, but there extremely high risk associated with it. You can do the same with a dollar for extremely limited risks. There are a variety of transaction costs/opportunity costs associated with it, but most of those are there to function as controls and hedge against risk. There's a reason why we have them.


You can value it using the medium of dollars. However you *cannnot* simply equate price and price increases due to costs to value. That's the point. And personal value does not equal market value. You're taking your comments in strange directions. 
@_date: 2014-05-02 01:29:59


Yes, suing a nonexistent company for your hypothetical properties.


You are a child. And you wonder why anyone with an ounce of sense won't touch your caustic, cultish community with a ten foot pole.
@_date: 2014-10-27 09:05:14
"We are the 99%", "The power is in the hands of the people".
No, the power is in the hands of the few hundred people who control the VAST majority of all bitcoins in existence and likely to exist in the future. They can do whatever they fucking want to bitcoin, and none of you have *any* say in the matter. 
@_date: 2014-09-11 21:24:11
Except, unlike bitcoin, the nature of the dollar doesn't inspire people to hoard them... in their mattresses (aka sillywallets).
@_date: 2014-09-10 23:11:11
What is a "BANKSTER" system?
@_date: 2015-05-13 04:50:42
Well as an astrologer, I should be able to properly read the future from the stars, but just like TA, astrology is utter bullshit and my years of experience as one does not provide me any authority either on the future or even the cosmos for that matter - just as bitcoin's amateur TAist day trading enthusiasts have no authority on the markets, or even finance for that matter.
@_date: 2014-09-26 16:40:10
What are you even trying to say? Bitcoin is horrible for the investment climate. A couple of reasons; 1. it's theoretically deflationary and 2. people are holding it as an investment in hopes of future returns. Two characteristics making it unbelievably bad as a currency. Low levels of inflation are an incentive to use/invest your currency rather than sit on it. Sitting on currency is unilaterally bad, and 1-3% inflation is incentive to get out of currency and pump your money into the market, particularly for low return projects which with deflation would never get funded, because it would be more profitable to just hold your currency. Bitcoin on the other hand only offers incentive to sit on it. You hoard your bits because you just know the price will magically increase in the future. You don't do anything with them, you don't stimulate the economy or investing environment, you don't fund growth/expansion/development through investment. It's an inherent money sink, which would stifle/hamstring any economy assuming magic happened and it ever became anything more than a wet-dream power fantasy for fringe ancaps and libertarians.
@_date: 2014-12-22 21:02:37
Lel, you're not an investment banker. And I don't think you know what an investment banking MD is there for. 
@_date: 2014-05-03 00:11:44
Through valuation of various quantitative and qualitative factors. Price can be representative of value, but you have to be very careful how you equate the two. If a new manager of a goods manufacturer comes along and arbitrarily raises the price of the good they sell, does that mean it's improved in value? No, the change in price was arbitrary, the good itself hasn't changed in the slightest. If an input cost to a good rises dramatically, does that necessarily change the value of the good? No, the good itself has the same utility/representative value as before, the costs to supply it have just gone up. Now the additional costs may cause the company to raise the price, and that will play itself out through the market. But you have to be careful not to simply equate cost and price to value. 
What value does BTC have? Nearly none. Almost the entirety of its value is based on pure speculation. Is it a good/commodity/consumable? Can it be used to generate cash flows or revenues? Does it represent the value of something? Does it legally guarantee you anything? Does it have utility? You could say it has some degree of utility and representative value as a currency, but that's almost nil as the things you can buy/use it for are extremely limited and the value it represents is unstable and also limited. Add to that the extensive risks and volatility of BTC and now you have something that should be worth nothing, but which stubborn speculation has priced to an insane level. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 06:39:04
I don't follow him, all I know is that what he says in this video is all kinds of wrong. I imagine his motives involve catering to a very particular portion of society in order to milk them for money. 
You can debate whether Zimmerman was guilty of murder or not, but my biggest problem with the video was how he tried to justify and explain the situation with an excess of irrelevant information. As if what Martin purportedly said to a high school friend a week before or what type of environment Zimmerman grew up in has anything at all to do with the actual event/trial. 
@_date: 2014-09-29 02:37:58
Well, your comment is flawed on a number of levels starting from a very flawed understanding/lack of understandnig on a fundamental level of what credit is to a lack of understanding of how inflation/deflation/credit/debt financing/investment interplay.
After we get that out of the way, then we can get into why deflation/a fixed money supply leads to a highly volatile practical economic result. 
 &gt; Liquid credit instruments and money are substitutes, but credit instruments can default, reducing their nominal and real value. When currency is inflationary, society will hold greater value in credit and less in money. These credit instruments, due to their risky nature, are more volatile. When the market becomes risk averse, it may rapidly pull out of credit instruments and back into money.
This will take some time to pick apart as it's just so very off. 
Let's start with some critical points. 
- Deflation increases the cost/value of debt over time.
- Credit is not a bad thing. In fact, credit is a very good thing, a fundamentally positive evolution in finance which allows growth, investment, expansion, acquisition, and simply a much higher level of financial operations at every level than you can ever possibly have with a pure cash/direct money system. It significantly expands what a given amount of money or a given market can achieve. 
- Credit and cash are not direct substitutes, there are a variety of reasons for using one or the other. They are not the same thing and do not carry the same implications/results. 
- Given time value of money, debt financing can often be a cheaper and more effective option than most other means of project financing. 
So understanding these, I'll try to deconstruct your first paragraph. 


Like I said, these are not direct substitutes, there are reasons and implications that arise from using one or the other. 


What on earth does this mean? How does it apply to this situation? When offering or taking credit options, there is a risk of default on the party taking the credit option, that's one thing interest is calculated to cover. What exactly are you trying to prove by mentioning something that's simply an element of credit transactions? What does nominal and real value have to do with anything?


Yes, in one sense you have the right idea. Inflation reduces the real value/cost of debt. Part of the positive results of low levels of inflation is that it reduces the cost of debt/credit financing, allowing, as I mentioned above, a much higher level of financial operations at every level as well as cheaper and higher levels of growth, expansion, investment etc. 
Holding money in itself does NOTHING. It just sits there, you don't want people hoarding/sitting on their money. Currency is meant to be used (consumption, debt financing, investment etc.), it does no one any good to sit on it. Money under your bed is money wasted. 


For one thing, deflation/inflation have little to no impact on whether an individual company/individual is likely to default. So there's almost no relation here. 
Second, if anything, credit financing etc. is FAR less risky with low levels of inflation as the cost/value of debt falls with time. 
Third, you are incorrectly and inaccurately directly conflating risk and volatility. They are not quite the same thing. Potential volatility can be a risk for a company/economic situation, but in a credit transaction,  that is accounted for through interest. Conversely, direct cash transactions can be of higher risk to a company/for the market than credit transactions. Risk is a very complex topic and the definition/impact can change rapidly depending on circumstances. 


The market/investors are theoretically assumed to always risk averse, just to different degrees. 


Now you're missing/misunderstanding a lot of elements of this situation leading back to the whole - inflation/deflation/credit/debt financing/investment interplay. First, you don't explain anything of the relationship/progression which leads to markets suddenly "pulling out of credit instruments and back into money."
So I'll try to figure out what you were trying to say.  Presumably this is all supposed to come as a result of a transition to deflationary currency. I'll explain what actually happens in this situation. You're very partly right, mostly wrong. 
- Deflation increases the real value/cost of debt. 
- Deflation theoretically increases the value of currency holdings over time. (BTW, I won't touch on everything that happens as a result of deflation, just how it applies to to  your questions, there are a large variety of other dynamics that play a role.)
Now, where your right is that deflation causes businesses/individuals to draw back from credit purchases/transactions/investments. Where you're wrong is the reason, it doesn't have to do with relative volatility, it has everything to do with an increase in the cost of debt financing. It's now more expensive to pursue credit/debt financing. The result of this being a higher threshold for return/costing on projects and purchases which simultaneously slows growth/investment on the part of businesses as well as consumer spending on the part of the individual. both of which are very bad for the economy. 
Second, the fact that currency is increasing in value rather than slowly decreasing in value stifles investment, not just debt financing. Part of the reasons people invest currency is because you will gain a better/real return for your money through an investment than you will just sitting on it. Now currency is increasing in value, rather than losing 1-3% per year through inflation, you're gaining 1-3% per year through deflation. In turn, investment falls, perhaps drastically, as any projects which return less than that are now less viable than risklessly and simply holding currency and there is simply a general lack of need or impetus to invest. Your holdings will be the same or greater ten years from now, why protect them by investing? As a result of declining investment, businesses suffer and thus consumers and the economy as a whole suffers. 
Like I said, there is NO VALUE for the economy in simply holding money. You aren't helping anything, you aren't growing the economy, you aren't giving money to those who actually will use is to grow/expand/produce. Holding currency is BAD, both for you and the economy. Incentivizing people to hold currency (or as you put it " pull out of credit instruments and back into money") rather than the opposite is a unilaterally bad thing which will have significant adverse impacts on the economy assuming anything like this ever happened. 
- **Again, remember that there are a large variety of other dynamics that play a role in these types of issues as well as a large variety of additional reasons why inflation is better than deflation. I am just addressing your questions/statements directly.** 


Now, understanding all of the above, we can get to why low levels of deflation is more volatile policy than low levels of inflation. Also, increasing/decreasing the size of the credit market and its effects is a relation which you neither prove nor discuss, currency and credits aren't perfect substitutes, and people unfortunately pursue less debt *as well as* less investment (both are bad). 
- Fist is the simple fact that consistent, low levels of deflation are far harder to maintain with active monetary policy than inflation. 1-3% inflation is a relatively easy target to maintain for policy makers/central banks. It's in turn very difficult to maintain both deflation alone as well as consistent levels of deflation. Simply by the nature of monetary policy. Inconsistent levels/phases of inflation/deflation will have significant and volatile impact on the economy as decision makers can no longer effectively account for/project what inflation/deflation will be at in any given point in the future. In turn, decisions/returns/investment/growth may be very erratic.
- Second, is the fact that through active monetary policy and management of inflation, the central banks actually play a very significant role in directly moderating economic upswings and downswings. With a fixed money supply/deflation they simply don't have that ability any longer. Look at historical examples of mad fluctuations in the economy that came in the American economy prior to effective policy on the part of the FED. 
- Third, deflation exacerbates economic upswings and downswings. Rising real values of currency make the impact of either far more significant. In turn, inflation takes the edge off of upswings/downswings as does inflationary policy and the monetary policy-making that it allows. (and yes, this is well founded in historical examples) This is more or less the very definition of macroeconomic volatility and has significant adverse effects on the economy as a whole.
- Additionally, as the economy pulls away from investments/credit and debt financing and more towards direct/hard currency transactions through deflation and as businesses lose sources of credit and investment, on a microeconomic level, this will lead to significantly less flexibility in the market and thus less ability to absorb various shocks, and in turn, more volatility. 
So yeah, deflation is bad and leads to a more volatile market. Theory and history agree. 
@_date: 2015-05-13 18:27:04


No, I mean, you're just wrong. Absolutely.
Banks have armies of people and lawyers who deal with regulatory compliance. IT's not involved beyond being told if they need to do something.
Banks also have armies of people who do risk management in various capacities, that's not the role of IT. RM is a middle office type role for most of its functionality.
Even then, the jobs of both of these positions/groups are entirely subsidiary to the goals, directives, and interests of the revenue generating portions of the business. You have revenue and front office groups as top dogs, those with some degree of oversight like regulatory/risk management still very decidedly below them, and then decidedly below them you have your deep dark corner of the back office functions like IT and audit.
IT serves its role in businesses, but it's most definitely not one with much influence within the rest of the business. Sure, security is important, assuming the critical functions are even managed in-house, but that's something that's nothing more than tacked on to the bank's real operations. It doesn't carry any influence outside of "yes, I know you're busy, but policy asks that you  change your password every 3 months".
There are no uppity cowboy IT jockeys running around banks directing the business towards what it should be doing, "getting whatever they want", or telling the revenue groups what for. IT is purely a supporting role, important in it's way, but it's not a role with any influence in the core business. 
@_date: 2015-05-04 21:03:56
But we all know that won't be the case. More likely a case study in hubris as we look back and ask how someone could have thought it a good idea to pay $380 for a bitcoin in May of 2015. 
@_date: 2014-05-02 01:21:05


Nor do you need to carry around 50k in cash if you have 50k in cash.


Yes, just as this wouldn't have happened if the guy hadn't been stupid enough to carry around 50k in cash. See the connection, friend? With proper controls your money is perfectly safe. Just as with proper controls your btc is safe.


I actually do have unusually bad myopia. And my eyes are burning with all of your bitter edge.


Missing the point? Please, you've completely failed to address my entire point. i.e. when shit happened to this guy's cash, regardless of his stupidity, he had legal recourse. When shit happens to your btc, you have none. Get your shit together.
@_date: 2014-10-10 04:55:29


Wow, I guess your appeal to emotion has gotten to me. Let me throw all my money into a worthless investment too!
It's called a get rich quick scheme, the allure makes people do stupid shit. And yes, blind faith, speculation, and misinformation. Or maybe they're just blindingly stupid. 


Ah yes, the whole "if it's code/stem I will worship it" line. Bitcoin is shit, put it on your little shrine to the bit gods as some sort of strangely mixed quasi-luddite/tech fetish, but on all other levels, it's absolute shit. 
@_date: 2015-05-13 18:13:17
Just wow? Just don't be a dumbass.
@_date: 2015-05-13 07:36:15


It's not really used by real traders. Or if it "is", "it's" with significant financial, data, and tech resources that amateurs can't hope to match. 
TA is 99% utter nonsense. If anyone's trying to feed you "TA" from any kind of website, blog, daytrader weekend orgy, whatever you types do, know it's bullshit. 
I didn't compare the vast majority of TA to astrology because it tries to predict the future, it's because it's so utterly and laughably groundless. The vast majority of any accuracy any "TA" will have will be solely caused by trading action of people "using TA". 
You're a fool, don't daytrade, and even worse dear god don't daytrade bitcoin, because you will fuck yourself in the face. Fucked. In. The. Face. 
Seriously, you should stop. Solely for your own good. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 00:42:47
That is how stupid investors justify stupid decisions. 
@_date: 2015-01-12 18:22:55
Those references are BS because quite literally zero of these companies were consulted. This is a list of the employers of people who may have participated in or been present at one of their events, presentations, or interviews. This is just about as hard as you can bs anything.
@_date: 2015-01-15 05:31:36
He knows the mindset, we can rebuild him. We have the technology. 
@_date: 2015-01-15 02:03:05


Bitcoin is solely speculation. Any "drivers of value" have nil relevance to the price, though yes, some news may influence changes, but bitcoin being a fucked market means the impact is fucked and unpredictable. And you're not describing day trading.


You're gambling, purely. You have fuck all idea what you're doing.


You... Don't actually know what day trading is, do you?
@_date: 2015-01-13 02:51:31
I know, Austrian economics is both completely irrelevant and totally inapplicable to the modern economy. Why anyone bothers to pretend it's seriously considered is beyond me.
@_date: 2015-01-15 20:54:14
Unless.... You know... He's just plain guilty?
@_date: 2015-01-21 17:54:41
Nah it's not that complicated, you don't need a degree in economics or a job in finance. 
It's just that the vast majority of people (particularly here on r/bitcoin) get their entire impression of the crash from silly nonsense like this image macro and then don't bother to look any further into it or consider more accurate accounts/research. 
@_date: 2015-01-21 20:34:57
That's really not the whole story. Banks etc. knew full well they were junk loans (as did many further down the pipeline), the loan originators and initial mortgage holders the likes of Countrywide just had strong incentive to keep cycling through mortgages and then selling them off (both at the urgings of the federal government and in their own interests). The mortgage backed securities/packaged instruments also didn't necessarily make clear to the users/investors that junk loans/sub-prime loans were packaged in. It goes far beyond fault on the part of ratings agencies, that's just a flat incorrect simplification. 
Then you had the whole cascade/compounding effect which made it into the crisis it was. 
@_date: 2015-01-16 10:49:04
Yes, active development of bitcoin is completely dead. And further productive development never happened. 
Critical problems are unsolved and there's no movement to do so. Redirection or exploration doesn't happen, and wont be considered. Minor or irrelevant tweaks don't mean anything. Development is dead and can't be resurrected. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 07:38:55
Who knew dipshit wannabe daytraders betting on dumbass speculative investments was not a good idea?
@_date: 2015-01-15 04:25:23
Yeah, thanks detective dumbass. How do you people pull this kind of shit out of your ass?
@_date: 2015-01-16 11:14:23
Scalability is far and away from being among bitcoin's most critical problems. 
@_date: 2015-01-21 21:08:40
The crash came from several colliding factors and the end result came through a long chain of cause/effect and cascading/compounding factors. That would be a long story. 
I can give you a short brief on the initial US mortgage crisis though. 
It basically originated from sub-prime loans, mortgages granted to people with high risk involved in their ability/likelihood of paying them off. Obviously you'd think banks/investors etc. would want to avoid too much exposure to this, but a couple things got in the way. On one hand, the government, through a variety of avenues, put pressure/incentive on the market to provide these loans. On the other, loan originators/mortgage holders had incentive to pump out as many mortgages as possible and then usually sell them off. 
Naturally, many of these were eventually defaulted upon and the sub-prime sector collapsed. This alone probably wouldn't have killed the market, as sub-prime only made up something like 20%. The problem being leverage and derivatives, as these sub-prime loans were packaged into mortgage-backed securities/derivatives/instruments and the collapse of the sub-prime market compounded through the economy. 
This led in part to the wide-spread liquidity crunch on top of the housing bubble collapse etc. etc. which killed spending/investment into a nasty feedback loop. The bailout to the banks was just as much to save the financial sector as it was to ease the liquidity crisis and keep everybody else operating. 
@_date: 2015-01-12 02:44:04


Because I know the market research sector, and that combined with their publication methods, research rigor, and what little I can gather from what few references to them exist on the internet, it's fringe, nothing. 
It's most likely extremely small and seems to do little in the way of relevant business. It's a nothing firm. 




No, they did not consult with any insurance companies, they "interviewed" and "led discussions" with "blockchain technology experts, system developers, insurance industry professionals, regulators, consumer bodies, trade bodies, and research institutes". The methodology is slapdash and amateurish at best, with little to nothing in the way of authority, background, or rigor of research/selection. 


None of these organizations had anything to do with the report, people who may or may not have worked at some of these  organizations may or may not have in some way participated or contributed to "open presentations", "discussions", and "semi-structured interviews".
**And** the worst thing about this whole presentation is that effectively none of the information "gathered" from this totally rigorous research was every presented or discussed in the actual report. It was a mess of baseless conjecture, unfounded assumptions, and data-less/expert-less/source-less nonsense. 
I have no clue who this guy, "Mainelli" is, but the report was just embarrassing. 
@_date: 2015-01-19 04:57:26
That's like the argument that volume going up when prices are tanking is a good thing. 
Panic and disaster bring interest, I'd hesitate to write this off as necessarily implying anything positive. And that is quite certainly what you're implying. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:14:01
What, I can't call something dumb as fuck dumb as fuck? You need to maintain your little echo chamber for... reasons? Maybe you think I'm here as part of some great conspiracy to screw the price of your precious bitcoins, but I'm not. There's no conspiracy. You're just nuts thinking that - and can't handle your poor decision. 
The tell you the truth, I think a large part of the bitcoin community are sick people - almost to the point of criminality. They pump this clearly shitty investment to naive fools around the interwebz/world in hopes of inciting another bubble and getting themselves rich quick - only to pull those naive fools down with them. I think it's just sick. 
@_date: 2015-01-16 11:24:34
Even trying to put myself in the mindset of someone as rabid as I'm sure you are, I'm awed that you could manage all the hoops you'd need to spin that. 
It's OK though, take solace in closing yourself off from the real world. It will move on without you. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 09:57:10
Do you know what momentum or price action trading is? 
Where do you get these ideas? Buffett is a value investor to the core, that's like the antithesis of his entire career. 
And bitcoin has no productive value. It is also not low cost.
@_date: 2015-01-14 22:03:17
Dude, we're already there!
@_date: 2015-01-14 09:34:03
Fuck you pumper. You're not "a Buffett," you're a gambler who doesn't know shit. 
And Buffett doesn't make momentum or price-action decisions. Nor does he touch non-productive investments. 
@_date: 2015-01-13 19:00:50
Fuck this guy, he's power-tripping, wannabe hitmaker scum. 
Why are you supporting him? I can't imagine the point of it. He's not a hero, he's not a martyr, just some punk who tried to make a quick buck off of you and got burned because it was illegal. 
@_date: 2015-01-12 04:10:49
Are you... insane?
Or are you just the mindless, narcisistic, clueless lunatic who writes that blog... Holy shit. 
Or maybe you're just some Poe's law effect from r/buttcoin.
Either way, this is hilarious. 
Oh wait, holy shit, noel20? You are the clueless dipshit who writes that blog, aren't you. 
Shilling your blog on reddit a bit much lately, are we not?
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:09:13
Yeah, some firms make money daytrading, they also have multi-million dollar talent, equipment, and data. Some individuals get lucky too, a gambler can pull in big from time to time. 
But I think you're right about the 99.99% vs. .01%. As for market information, in real public equity markets, if you can shave that reaction to market information down to incredibly short times, then you can make some on the margins, but that's hard to do and it won't make you incredible amounts like these people are hoping. 
However, bitcoin doesn't react reasonably to market information and news, the price seems to be driven by pure speculation and whim. You're a fucking fool to play the daytrading game in that. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 23:04:02
*we'll see 1200 again... we'll see 800 again... we'll see 600 again... we'll see 500 again... we'll see 400 again....*
\- The echoes of people who lost big this year. 
@_date: 2015-01-12 01:46:34
Nick Szabo is a crackpot with no authority in the fields of either economics or insurance. 
And his flawed understanding of the "insurance industry" in the 15th century is entirely irrelevant. 


Also has no basis in reality. There's no practical implementation of any of this, just suspicious pipe-dreams and conjecture. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 08:51:41
Dont. Trade. Crypto. Then. 
Amateurs who daytrade in public equity markets which are highly stable, high fidelity, high resource, with extremely high quality and volume of information *always* get burned. Professionals who do the same get burned at barely better margins. You're an idiot if you daytrade public equities. 
If you're daytrading bitcoin then god fucking help you, you are incomprehensibly, irredeemably stupid. 
If you believe in bitcoin's value proposition, then go for it, buy and hold, whatever. Or wait for the market to seem to bottom out and buy there. But you *don't* actually know what you're doing, understand that. So you will lose when you try to play games with it. There is nothing sane which drives the price, whatever nonsense you use to justify your decisions is based on nothing. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 11:05:13
Because mom's already so stingy with that credit card when you're buying bitcoins to buy Xbox points, no way in hell is she going to let you get away with buying a car.
@_date: 2015-01-15 07:59:11
I can't even begin to tell if that article is serious, parody, or sarcasm. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 16:56:40
Some people win at Vegas too. Pure gambling, you have fuck all clue what you're doing. Yes, daytrading is for fools. 
@_date: 2015-01-11 19:35:27
No, he asked people to come to his AMA, upvote opinions he wanted seen, and downvote anything tricky. Not only is that a clear violation of the rules, isn't that also just about as close as it gets to stifling discussion and free speech. Doesn't this subreddit have some sort of hard ideological position on that sort of thing?
@_date: 2015-01-04 02:46:35
"VCs are in for the long term" pretty much flies in the face of exactly what this kind of VC does. It's usually a 2-5 year exit strategy, particularly with this kind of risky nonsense. They're most definitely not in it for the "long term". They'll dump faster than you can blink as soon as something becomes clear to them as not likely to return what they're looking for. 
It's not like any of these guys are involved in growth-stage PE, they're mostly fly-by-night type fringe operations or fringe investments. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 08:02:01
None of these people have fuck all clue what they're doing. People who daytrade in highly liquid, high information, high fidelity public equity markets lose 80% of the time. If you're doing it with bitcoin, you are stupid to an ungodly level. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 08:54:15
Haha, I think that's just straight fraud. 
@_date: 2015-01-13 03:04:05
What's a flag pattern?
@_date: 2015-01-12 02:53:49
Ah yes, "disagrees with you and is therefore an 'ultra troll'". 
Back to r/conspiracy with you. 
The dude has zero authority here, his opinion on insurance is irrelevant.
@_date: 2015-01-13 17:52:56
Not investment, no. Just don't invest more than you're willing to lose on insane, wildly speculative bets. 
What else are you supposed to do with your capital? You should have everything free invested in some way.
@_date: 2015-01-04 04:00:02
No, because Buffet does not give a fuck about bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-01-13 04:56:19
Or just don't trade based off charts, price changes, or momentum. 
@_date: 2015-01-12 02:57:27








What just happened here?
@_date: 2015-01-13 04:15:34
Yeah, don't do that. 
That's not real. Just silliness.
If you don't have a clue what you're doing, don't day trade. In fact, don't day trade for any reason in any market. 
@_date: 2015-01-12 02:55:07
How about you read it? This report is utter crap, but do whatever you have to do to rationalize it in your furious little echo chamber. 
@_date: 2015-01-04 04:10:04
Not a cult. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 23:21:19
Don't worry about it, non-productive, speculative assets can only go up, up up!
@_date: 2015-01-16 23:12:47
That my friend, is a reason why you should probably be concerned.
@_date: 2015-01-13 05:13:29
Nah, forget it. "chart patterns" don't mean anything. "Double top/double bottom" doesn't mean anything. 
You can begin to *feel* comfortable doing momentum trading or the like if you're a professional with training, education, experience and access to multi-million dollar talent, data, and equipment. Even then you'll lose 47% of the time - and that's in highly liquid, global equity markets with incredible amounts of information, fidelity, and resources at your disposal. 
Face it, day trading and "technical analysis" as you call it is little more than a gamble - and you might as well just throw it away if you're an amateur. And I have no doubt that you *are* an amateur. If you're doing it in the bitcoin markets, just set everything you own on fire.
If bitcoin is "the future", don't fucking day-trade with it. You've convinced yourself that there's a firm, incontrovertible value proposition there, why are you playing games with it?
@_date: 2015-01-13 05:34:46


You see, none of these people are good at it or know what they are doing. If you're doing "chart patterns", it's even worse. 
I was the person who asked the first question, out of incredulity. 
Don't daytrade. If all else fails, at least don't daytrade BTC. 
@_date: 2015-01-15 10:46:46
You're rather quick to turn solitary, completely unsubstantiated allegations into a crusade, aren't you?
Ulbricht's just guilty, and the methods used to gather evidence were probably perfectly legal. 
@_date: 2015-01-15 00:41:23
Professional securities traders* (of the price-action variety) play the the margins by controlling for a few factors and they have education, experience, training, and multi-million dollar equipment, talent, and data. But yes, they're still gamblers, just with an edge. 
"Technical analysis" is 98% bogus - and you don't have a fucking clue how to piece out that 2% or use it to leverage positive. And then with bitcoin even that is shaved razor thin because the price of bitcoin is moved according to nothing and nonsense.
@_date: 2015-01-14 08:23:57
Hmm? No, I think bitcoin is a dumbass decision. I just think the idiots thinking they can play this are making decisions several orders of magnitude more stupid than anyone else in the bitcoin community. Good luck burning all of your money. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 20:13:58


Well first of all, bitcoin is dipshittery, there's nothing rational about it. 
But the point I had been trying to make was about daytrading, which is silly stupid for amateurs in public equity and downright suicidal in bitcoin. 
But I've commented plenty on bitcoin in the past. No need to act petulant like a child or pull out the always asinine "strawman" silliness (honestly, if someone ever non-ironically uses the word "strawman" when speaking to you, it's probably good practice to ignore everything else they say). 
@_date: 2015-01-14 16:55:34
No, you see, you don't have a fucking clue what you're doing. Pure gambling. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 11:27:35
What suffering? I don't own, trade, or short btc.
@_date: 2015-01-14 08:36:16
How many times were people told it was a bad idea to bet on this? 
@_date: 2015-01-16 21:42:45
Frankly yes, it's a little cathartic to call out a twat as a twat. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:03:20
Yes, frankly, it would have (other than the fact that 10 bucks, who gives a fuck). It was a purely speculative bet and it's based on absolutely nothing.
It was a bad investment at .50$, all the way to $1000, and now back down to zero. If you knew the future and had a guarantee it would have gone to a thousand for Jesus Christ knows what reason, then hey, at that point you're not speculating anymore, you know the fucking future. But in every real instance, it was and is a bad investment. 
@_date: 2015-01-19 05:42:29
Did you read his initial post? That's after the fact. 
@_date: 2015-01-19 04:06:29


So then did it occur to you that maybe, *just maybe*, wikipedia article views aren't a critical factor in determining the potential or momentum of a technology sector?
@_date: 2015-01-08 00:57:13
Nah dude, is nowhere near as financially or emotionally invested in bitcoin to hit those points as religiously and effectively as bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 10:01:53
What? I've never touched bitcoin. It's purely speculative, movement in price is driven by nothing. Who'd be foolish enough to play that game? Oh...
And I'm not calling someone an amateur, idiot daytrader because I think I'm an expert. I don't do it myself, it's silly stupid. I thought I made that clear. 
You may have read the wrong posting history. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 04:10:21
What's that mantra about catching a falling knife? Who says this is the bottom?
And libertarianspectrum has been trolling hard. He's probably suggesting the fact that "dollar cost averaging" is hilariously stupid in this context (which it is).
@_date: 2015-01-15 21:04:16


User friendliness and an open, accepting community. "If you can't account for wild fluctuations in the value of your transaction medium, go fuck yourself."
@_date: 2015-01-11 19:38:16


Why does he deserve any special treatment? He broke the rules, and got the temporary punishment proscribed for all the people who break those rules. He's nothing special. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 20:41:50
Haha, so it's back to the dissent-free zone for you, eh?
Enjoy losing your money, be it in a week or a year. Just try not to take too many poor souls with you.
@_date: 2015-01-12 02:29:16
Are you kidding? Szabo is a fuckhead.
@_date: 2015-01-13 10:26:16
I almost feel like bitcoin is not gold and shares none of the properties of gold. 
And gold is also a shitty, highly speculative investment. 
Also, 25 years vs. 18 months. 
Why is this here?
@_date: 2015-01-05 17:17:53
Do you have some problem with FDIC insurance?
@_date: 2015-01-14 10:40:02


Fair enough. 


It's all gambling, maybe you can hedge a bit around the margins on some, but it's all gambling. Bitcoin's just worse than most. 


You can make money gambling on speculative bubbles, never said you couldn't. I just think it's damnably stupid. God help me if I can tell you why people throw money at each new alt. That greed in the wake of the btc bubble is some brutally strong stuff. 
@_date: 2015-01-15 04:46:59
Yes, exactly what an emergent economy needs, no one fucking spending any money. Jesus Christ. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 00:04:42
But any respectable organization would reject a scam as a sponsor. Clearly not a respectable or responsible organization. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 22:37:00
Yep, pack it up, this one's flatlined. 
Not. A. Cult. 
But seriously, fuck you and your wild predictions, how many people have burned far more than they could afford to lose in bitcoin because people kept telling them stupid shit?
@_date: 2015-01-13 22:39:35
Because attempting and then paying for hitmen to murder 4+ innocent people is not a crime. (And no, they weren't all FBI agents). He even received photo evidence of one murder. 
I think you're trolling me though, so sure. 
@_date: 2015-01-13 04:02:00
Back to the financial dark ages we go. 
@_date: 2015-01-15 08:13:07
Haha, do keep telling yourself that. 
But seriously, you're clueless. 
@_date: 2015-01-12 01:06:41
What the fuck? 
I don't think the author of this article is quite clear on what exactly insurance is, much less how it works.... That was bullshit, everything from his understanding of risk to what kind of fraud insurance companies are subject to. 
Why would so many people upvote this silly nonsense without reading it?
And the report this article was based on was just a mess. I don't know how you could publish that in good conscience. 
@_date: 2015-01-15 10:14:47
@_date: 2015-01-16 10:00:16


Shh, guyz, do not let them no there are people actively negative about bitcoin. Or the fact that bitcoin, the currency of the future, is so easily mocked by being called (not even joking) "buttcoin". They may be less willing to bet their life's savings to prop up the price. 
Plz just downvote all dissent.
@_date: 2015-01-15 08:11:57
What, the article is trolling?
@_date: 2015-01-15 19:01:43
I'm also trying to figure out if I should peg you as an edgy 14 year old little shit, or a 22+ deeply offended manchild. Don't cut yourself on that fierce edge, eh?
The article is blindingly stupid and I quite seriously thought it might be a parody till I went through the rest of the website. Frankly, given the content in some of the other articles in there, I wouldn't discount the possibility of it being an elaborate, subtle troll.
@_date: 2015-01-12 03:05:44
I think you're the biggest troll here, bud. 
@_date: 2015-01-15 09:31:09
I'm sorry, that's silly stupid. 
@_date: 2015-01-15 19:15:23
Yes, driven solely by trade-driven transactions as the price crashed. It has nothing to do with anyone using bitcoin for anything, why is everyone in this thread equating it with something it doesn't mean?
@_date: 2015-01-15 18:46:05
The fact that the vast majority of us criminal investigations are perfectly reasonable and there is yet zero reason to assume otherwise on this one.
@_date: 2015-01-20 02:08:15
I thought 95% of the reason anyone used bitcoin was to avoid US regulations? Be it because it's easier to scam, or to buy drugs, or on ideological grounds. No?
@_date: 2015-01-06 03:07:37
The joos and their lizardmen overlords. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:04:25
The mix greed, ideological fervor, and stupidity is a fascinating interplay to watch. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 18:30:06
Yes, I have no reason to be critical of an "investment" decision this subreddit is trying to push on people. In fact, it's completely irrational to criticize the stupid decisions of other people, you should just agree so they crash and burn harder while bringing others with them. 
@_date: 2015-01-15 07:44:34
I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or serious with that comment. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 10:53:24
Come on dude, Musk has a wealth of experience doing extremely fucking well breaking into industries and services in a very innovative fashion. And like you said, he was involved in Paypal, he knows what he's fucking doing when it comes to payment/transaction type networks.
Don't just write of his distaste for bitcoin as "he just hasn't researched it enough" or "he just doesn't understand it" or "if only he would just watch this YouTube video". That's just downright naive and frankly delusional arrogance on your part. Same type of thing with the likes of Buffett.
@_date: 2015-01-12 18:12:48
This guy noel20 is quite literally the person who writes that blog.
@_date: 2015-01-08 01:37:28
It has more to do with the fact that proselytize aggressively on reddit and elsewhere for something that is effectively a pyramid scheme, i.e. something that will fuck the poor fools it sucks it. It's pretty sick actually. 
Combine that with a simple interest in watching a bunch of far too arrogant but mislead individuals spout on about things they don't understand, only for it to bite them in the ass, and then you have And could never hope to match the intense emotional and psychological attachment to this whole system that can be painfully evident on @_date: 2015-01-12 00:19:46
He's been here a long time, he knew exactly what he was doing. The toxic thing is pumping your private army into a wider world subreddit to stamp out dissent and enforce the echo chamber.
The ban is temporary if you bother to communicate with the mods, it was the right decision.
@_date: 2015-01-14 07:51:56
This is why you don't play with speculative bets. If you daytrade bitcoin, you are a fucking idiot. Bitcoin's wannabe daytraders will always lose hard. 
@_date: 2015-01-15 02:43:38


Haha, a negative for 99% of the economy. And even then, bitcoin is probably far easier to manage and pierce than real money.


Not instant, far less efficiently, and real money can be too.


It does it worse with far more risk and cost than existing options with real money.
@_date: 2015-01-16 10:10:17
It's been dead since it lost all hope of active and productive development. As it is, there will never be any reason or role for bitcoin in the economy. And even though theoretically, you can develop and modify it, the intense ideological and financial stake people have in either ignoring or refusing to attempt to effect critical redirections or solutions to problems will ensure bitcoin never has a chance at even trying to find reason or role. 
Speculation and ideology can only keep it afloat for so long. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 18:25:33
The FDIC doesn't need to have actual cash reserves to cover every single dollar of deposit. That's asinine, as every single deposit in the US will never fail at the same time. And if that did happen, the world would be so fucked it wouldn't matter. 
Do you think insurance companies have cash reserves to cover the value of every single item insured by them? They don't need to. They use that money for other purposes. Again, if something catastrophic enough happened so that every single policy claim came into effect at the same time, the insurance company probably got just as fucked. 
*rolls eyes*
@_date: 2015-01-14 11:31:41
What's that old investment mantra? Don't mistake a bull market for your own talent? It's a touch different, but If you generally make bets against the market while it's trending down you're going to cash in on some of that. Nothing to do with you.
And If you've been sitting in a short through 2014, you aren't day trading.
@_date: 2015-01-04 02:36:30
I think it's bullshit because it doesn't really mean anything for bitcoin. They did it to approve the legality for "use of alternate currencies for transactions, including digital currencies such as Bitcoin, at the legislative level". Probably has more to do with making things easier for tourists and immigrants than anything to do with bitcoin. And it wont change how anything works with bitcoin. 
It's just non-news.
@_date: 2014-05-03 00:29:16


I get the feeling like you don't understand any of the terminology you just used. What initial investment? How do you recoup it? I'd love to have a high risk of solvency as a company. How does holding bitcoin make you additionally risk averse when bitcoin itself is highly risky? Pure diversification doesn't achieve that. 
And the most likely reason they are holding bitcoin is so that they can cover returns and operate within the medium, not because they think it's a safe bet to hold them or that they hope to actually use them for anything. 
@_date: 2015-01-13 18:49:52
I don't think this crash is like the one you're having now. You got just about as much exposure as you possibly could last winter/fall. And I think that combined with this last year of horrifically steady losses has probably exhausted your pool of "investors" willing to throw money into buying something like bitcoins.
 
The people who are in now might provide some resistance to falling prices, but no one's going to want to buy into the next bubble and get burned again. There's too much publicity and exposure to what you're seeing now, whereas bitcoin was still little more than a blip on the radar in 2011. 
Don't make the mistake of thinking a highly speculative bubble investment will just keep bubbling up because it has in the past, that will fuck you. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 09:01:45
From day 1, it's always been almost purely speculative. Betting with it is foolish.
@_date: 2015-01-12 01:43:05


No, it was put out by a fringe "consultancy" and "think tank" which has nothing to do with the insurance industry. 
I read the article it was based on, and it was an absolute mess.
@_date: 2015-01-16 19:23:44


Haha, you aren't particularly bright, are you? First of all, people can have a financial stake without any value. You remember beanie babies? People buy into stupid shit and scams all the time. And surprisingly enough, large numbers of fools bought into bitcoin, which has no value, largely on speculative grounds. 
And also your phrasing was off, bitcoin has no reason or role, and the financial/ideological stake will ensure it can't hope to develop towards finding one.


Well, I'm just hoping I can help steer you away from burning more in bitcoin than you've probably already done. It doesn't have to hurt your feelings, but btc will certainly hurt your finances.
@_date: 2015-01-15 00:05:32
Maybe you don't know what productive means. 
Regardless of that, if you want an "innovation" to have value it has to do at least something better than the thing it's "innovating" on. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 06:27:02
Not really, a bank run occurs when increased demand for hard/liquid funds from a bank (due to things like unrest or distrust in the bank) outpaces the bank's liquidity/ability to pay out these funds (because they have them loaned out, invested, and otherwise). 
People can't withdraw money because the banks has exhausted their liquid assets designated to service expected withdrawal demand (in the US, reserve requirements).
The whole "bail out with what money is left" is *not* something associated with bank runs, that's more of a bitcoin and mtgox problem.
@_date: 2015-05-13 16:23:49
Haha no, you clearly know nothing about banks/finance. The only things that matter are the revenue generating operations. IT, ops etc. are all very secondary support groups. IT probably has far, far less influence in banking than in most other given business because banking tends to rely so heavily on the human capital of their revenue generating ops which in turn have all the focus and all the power. IT is just there to support those ops.
Then again, a lot of what IT does is process monkey shit, it's more or less an afterthought wherever you go.
@_date: 2015-01-14 10:14:03


What? No. I think it's a dumbass decision to buy and hold too, just not nearly as bad as trying to trade it. 
And no, they don't say "don't invest more than you can lose." That's just a problem with bitcoin/pure gambling. 


You're betting on short term price fluctuations for an asset with both unbelievable volatility and zero reason behind price change. Just set your money on fire. 


If you're trading altcoins, set your money on fire and then burn down your house. 


There's a huge void between day trading and stopping your losses. 


Then why dear god are you investing in bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-07-03 11:50:26
No, defation = a change in the real value of the dollar. Falling prices in the tech industry are due to advances in technology as well as the commoditization of the industry. That is not deflation. And you can't compare commodity/good specific price changes to de/inflation of the economy. 
@_date: 2015-05-13 18:42:06


Doing what?


IT has absolutely zero, *zero* role in any of that. None at all. Totally different purview. Maybe some role in implementation/support of *platforms*, but quant/algo/HFT is completely different.
Not to mention quant/algo/HFT is a relatively small piece of the pie, and a tiny piece of the pie if in the pie at all for large banks.  
@_date: 2015-01-15 01:56:14


Bitcoin follows nothing.
And no, like I said, pattern trading and technical analysis is bullshit, doubly so with bitcoin.
You have no fucking clue what you're doing.
@_date: 2015-01-13 19:14:14
Sunk cost fallacy in action, boys. 
@_date: 2015-05-13 07:47:39


Sorry, no. That wasn't the point I was trying to make. The point I was trying to make was that TA is just as utterly foolish and groundless as astrology, not meaning anything about "predicting the future" with TA. 


TA is 1% leveraging liquidity/timing, 1% momentum/behavioral guesswork, 1% data, and 97% random bullshittery,. 


No. 


99% of any approach to that is bullshit or propped up solely because other people believing the same thing will try to ride it. It's not informed, measurable, or reliable "market psychology".


What is this? An MLM pitch? I'm not interested in what you're selling. "form a trading style to fit your personality and lifestyle"... Oh Christ. 
But no, don't play stupid games with things you don't understand that happen to have very real consequences. 


It's not a business. Again, this really sounds like an MLM pitch. "Find your lifestyle, own your own business" etc. - you're hitting all of the key talking points. 
You don't sell Avon or Veema on the side do you? 
Playing stupid gambling games with your money will never work out for you. 
@_date: 2015-07-21 17:34:07


Are you delusional? There's no mention of "virtual currencies" as a discrete risk. What is said is "services that help merchants accept and manage virtual currencies" - which as far as I can tell isn't even referencing bitcoin and co. of altcoins. And even then, it's listed as the very last line item under the additional forms of competition section, not key challenges. What is listed first under key challenges is physical cash payments, if that gives you any kind of idea of the scope of this assessment (hint, even if it was referenced in here, it's in no way, shape, or form an endorsement of bitcoin's role in the market or competitive threat).
You have to face the fact that bitcoin is not a threat to Paypal or credit card processors etc. It just isn't - doesn't even blip on the radar. It's a non-issue with zero carry, effectively nill volume, and no competitive advantage to speak of against infinite competitive disadvantages.
@_date: 2015-07-26 01:21:32
No, the vast, vast majority of people don't tip and have fine scores. You're technically not supposed to tip and won't get particularly bad ratings if you don't. 
@_date: 2015-04-27 02:15:42


No, that's actual inflation. The fact that you don't know what inflation is shouldn't be my problem. 


Real wages are largely constant. Price increases are very moderate and the low end of the pay scale is very flexible. 


Banks pay *you* to bank with them. Overdrafting/getting extended additional credit is expensive. 
A medium sized company's cash holdings could likely dwarf the cash holdings of all the US's poor. 


Did I say all poor were in debt? The poor benefit disproportionately from eased debt. Still doesn't change the fact that deflation is the absolute worst thing that could happen to debtholders. 


Cash has no value in itself. It's an utterly unproductive asset. It's only use is to facility economic production/activity as a financial instrument.


Inflation is good. 


What? Are you arguing for zero inflation? No, you're not. Nor is zero inflation good because the transition between the two during fluctuations (which I'm sure you'd hamstring the Fed from working against) would be absolutely devastating. 


Not even a bare fraction the instability with deflation. 


Yes I have and no it's not. And I was talking more about business investment, but it reduces the hurdle rate for personal investments as well. 


What are you talking about? Investment, trade, and exchange is all in the same portfolio with growth, production, and investment. What do you think companies doe with invested dollars? Utter nonsense. 


Yes and yes. And as I said, banks/CDs are a good option for small amounts. 
As for the "unbanked", don't fucking bring that sick malarkey into this, I don't really want to hear your horrifying plans to swindle the poorest in the world into buying into your shitshow of a get-rich-quick scheme. 


It's not being used to produce anything, hence it's worthless. Yes, that merits a negative return. Worst case scenario, stick it in a fucking bank. 


That's the core of the argument against inflation and for Bitcoin."I don't do anything, but I still want to get rich off of not doing anything."


You're expecting a positive return. Your screwdrivers depreciate, technology advances, etc. etc. And then you realize you only need a few screwdrivers at a time. 
But obviously this isn't really about screwdrivers, it's about the purpose of a tool. Your screwdrivers have no value if all you're planning to do is hide them in the basement. They have value/utility when utilized. 


Short run nominal profit growth = a good thing on the balance sheet to investors, creditors, reinvestment etc. The point being, that it stimulates further activity, at least more than nominal decline/stagnancy. 


Anything beyond short term need. It differs, don't bitch. 


No, first of all, inflation is crazy low. Second, they don't hold cash long term. That's the whole point, they don't have enough cash to meet deposit minimums. Silliness. 


Do you know any of these organizations? And you'd simply prefer you ahve the chance to prey on the poor with your bullshit coin. But I guess you're right, all credit providers are evil, despite the fact that credit is the lifeblood of the modern economy. 


So by your assertation most people are hurt by inflation.
And you apearantly havent had penny stocks, mutual fund shares or other such financial instruments fall through on you.
Even putting it in a bank covers just about everything. The advantages of inflation far outweigh the friction from the ignorant at the edges. And careful investment easily managed by plenty of financial managers or funds will essentially guarantee you a 3-10% yearly return in the long run. 
If you invest in most penny stocks, you are stupid and should lose all of your money. 


All of the above, utterly worthless for what it hopes to achieve, utterly inefficient, a unique solution to make basic, everyday activities harder for everyone. 


Won't happen ever, at all. And this was a hypothetical joke, but I'll leave it to a fool to miss the point. 


Wow, ignorant of finance, economics, and history. The perfect trifecta. Let's send you on over to to find out why the victors writing history don't real. 


And the mostly stable long term medium of exchange would probably be canned food and honey not inflationary fiat or deflationary bitcoin.
Thank god ignorant fools like yourself have no say in the real world. We won't ever have to fear the 1000 year reign of terror brought on the by financially illiterate and bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-04-11 17:35:11
Well, you started by looking in the wrong place. Bitcoin isn't a currency.
@_date: 2015-04-09 22:37:31


In both of which markets, oddly enough, there's effectively zero demand and, most certainly in the first case, zero utility for bitcoin. Don't expect the world's most desperately poor to feed what little they earn into your wallet through your purely speculative, useless twat-cash, that *is* disgusting. 
This here, your comment, is a great example of why people should be ashamed of the bitcoin community. 
@_date: 2015-04-09 22:27:30
I can't tell if you're just stupid, or trolling hard? It's one of the two. 
@_date: 2015-04-10 01:59:06
There is no demand because there is no utility, there is no utility partly because there is no demand. No one wants them, and bitcoins are uniquely unsuited to third world environments where the majority of the "unbanked" live. Your sole desire is to suck these poor motherfuckers into something they neither can use nor will they ever benefit from using so they can somehow, with their desperately meager earnings, prop up your shitty investment. No, no, it's not a matter of "increasing utility" - square pegs, round holes, every problem a nail and all that. It's a matter of this having no value, yet you trying to sucker as many people as you can into it. Of course, no one in the largest, most powerful, most diverse and dynamic economies in the world want it, so you're trying to push your sick obsession on people who can't ever hope to afford to support your ego fellating power trip. 
Quite frankly, I think many of you are doing/advocating things that are just sick. 
@_date: 2015-04-09 22:06:38


It's called investment. As in, don't hide your money in a mattress or in bitcoin where it's utterly unproductive. Money is a tool, a financial instrument, it's not an object which should have value in itself. Like gold, money has zero productive value when you, yes, *hoard* it in stacks in your basement, that's basically leaching from the economy. At that point, your dollars actually aren't worth more than the paper they're printed on. If you invest it in something, like equity or debt, or even if you just stick it in a bank where they'll lend it out for you, you're sending that money back into the real economy where it can be used to produce. If you sit on it, you waste it, and you shouldn't expect either a positive return or for it to maintain value. It's a tool, you don't pile screwdrivers up in your basement and expect them to do handyman work for you, do you?
Believe it or not, production (of many forms) drives growth and underpins the economy, ceaselessly rearranging your decade's worth of allowance money on top of your body pillow does not. 
@_date: 2015-04-26 20:37:59


US inflation is around 0.5-2%. Moderate inflation can probably push towards 4% or more. In fact, US inflation is in danger of being too low. Europe of course, has the serious threat of dipping towards deflation which we all know will be devastating. 


No it doesn't. And in fact, the poor would probably see the least impact from inflation and the most good. They don't hold large amounts of cash for long periods, so where's the inflation impact? The real value of their debt is falling, which can only benefit the poor. Then they get to enjoy the various other benefits the economy as a whole gets. 


Inflation is good for everyone but those who don't realize the purpose of cash is not to stuff it in your mattress. It's purpose is to represent value, not be valuable, as a tool of financial interaction and production. 
1. Deflation is horrible for the economy. Deflationary spirals, instability, etc. etc. It does horrible things to the business climate, wipes out debtors etc. 
2. In line with that, inflation is far easier to maintain stable and at reasonable levels from a monetary policy perspective. Increased stability = good for everyone. 
3. Inflation reduces the hurdle rate on investments relative to cash thus significantly increasing investment, production, growth etc. Again, cash sat on is worthless, it's not being used in the only capacity it should be used for, growth, production, investment etc. as a financial tool. If you want to preserve wealth, invest it, banks being a good short term/small value options, but otherwise global debt and equity markets where your cash will go to further production, growth etc. I have no idea why you wold be naive enough to think that the money you just shove in your closet has any merit to justify earning a positive return. That's why investments have a positive return, because they are driving production/growth, production of something real. It's absurd that your financial instruments should deserve similar returns when they do none of that. You don't hide a mountain of screwdrivers in your basement and expect it to turn into a handyman business, do you?
Inflation helps everyone at the end of the day, those shopkeepers earn continually earn higher nominal profits relative to sales growth which makes it easier to reinvest, the economy as a whole is far more willing to offer debt/equity to them in order to invest in growth/further development of their business, there's more wealth/production which equals more wealth to buy their goods, the real value of their debt can only fall etc. etc. 
Again, the only people inflation really hurts is those stupid enough to hold their wealth long-term in cash. The poor don't have to deal with it by nature of the fact that they're poor, and have significantly less to put away. Though yes, financial literacy still needs to be pushed in these communities so they understand what they should and shouldn't do with what they can save (and there are plenty of great organizations working towards this today). For everyone else,  the only people hurt are the stupid (e.g. goldbugs, ancaps etc.) and those ignorant of how to deal with their wealth.
Either way, bitcoin is just a shitstorm. Imagine the real world magically started moving towards only using bitcoin for all their financial instrument needs - overnight. Since you expect the value to just keep going to the moon, there would be no production, no development, no growth, only hodling. Why invest or utilize the "tool" when what's worth 500 today will be worth 1000 in a month  and 1000000 in 5 years? No one would buy anything, or they would at incredibly small levels. Production would cease, nothing would happen. Governments would buy out or force out miners (probably hoping to execute 51% attacks against each other) and everyone would devote all their resources to stealing these things which are incredibly difficult to secure. Or maybe a cabal of miners would say hey, we basically rule the world's medium of wealth, let's change things or hold the software hostage, or impose crazy fees. Wars would be fought, people would starve, and the diddly dipshit, early-adopting captains of industry who thought they could leach the rest of the world of most of its wealth with no production or growth on their end would probably be the first victims. Hey, bitcoin might have the honor of being responsible for the destruction of the human race. 
@_date: 2015-09-21 19:47:41
I totally agree. If fact, I think you should attach this comment to your resume so everyone who meets you knows you are a dumb piece of shit and a horrible human being. You're sick, the fact that you even think it's in the ballpark of OK to equate rape to your ridiculous man-baby agenda is absolutely horrifying.
@_date: 2015-04-26 06:45:49
Of the few banks which have had to have been liquidated and the depositors paid back by the FDIC (in case you don't know - you clearly don't - the FDIC's first course of action with a failed institution is to take it over and organize a buyout/merger), I believe none of them actually cost the taxpayers any money. Like an insurance company, the FDIC manages its own pool of funds (which the big bad evil banks pay into). So in those few instances, where the FDIC has to cover the gap, they haven't used any taxpayer money.
The one exception you might raise to that would the the S&amp;L blow up in the '80s. That was caused by - you certainly didn't guess - deregulation and involved the FHLBB rather than the FDIC. Those problems have been resolved since.
And moderate inflation is a good thing. To which the FDIC even reacts by progressively raising the FDIC insurance limit. And come on, let's be honest, the number of bitcoin enthusiasts which have to worry about the 250k limit has to be disproportionately insignificant. Not that anyone with that level of liquid wealth should be keeping it all in bank accounts.
@_date: 2015-09-21 19:14:28
I 100% guarantee this is not a competitive move, it's because most bitcoin companies are shady as fuck and there are legal, regulatory, PR, and financial risks to servicing these accounts. The bitcoin market is so incredibly small and shrinking that there's no legitimate risk to alienating it outside of fear of running out of toner in their fax machines. That's all assuming they even registered that these were bitcoin companies in the first place.
@_date: 2015-03-04 00:10:04
You're comparing ISIS with the US government, you lack all perspective. 
@_date: 2015-03-08 18:30:16
Yes, quite frankly, I do, and it wont work for you. It does not fit with the modern economy, it's a financial innovation designed to set us back a good 50-100 years. It's absolutely ridden with flaws - technologically, theoretically, in practical application etc. 
@_date: 2015-03-23 22:06:44
Bitcoin isn't a revolution in finance, it's a regression of a solid 100 years or so. 
@_date: 2015-03-04 04:48:14
So acting purely politically and with purely conventional warfare against a country which without provocation invaded a neutral, globally recognized, sovereign nation etc.etc. That's terrorism? That's equivalent to isis? You stupid twat. 
@_date: 2015-03-03 20:51:54
Damned teenagers. Honestly, you're none too bright.
@_date: 2015-03-03 20:14:36
No. Fucking ancaps.
@_date: 2015-03-08 06:09:24
I was also educated in and work in finance and happen to know a decent amount about bitcoin. I dislike bitcoin because I think it's a damnably stupid thing which people (who definitely cannot afford it) are throwing away their money on at the urging of a bunch of uninformed, misguided, and often downright malicious or self-seeking individuals. 
But yeah, sure, feel free to discount economists and the finance profession ("including the overwhelming majority of economists. It seems very unlikely that there is not a single credible person among them") because you as an... IT Professional? CS major? Full-time Bitcoin gambler? Are infinitely better equipped to make those kinds of decisions. The fact that you question the background of anyone who doesn't "believe" in bitcoin should be concerning enough. 
@_date: 2015-03-08 07:07:38
What do they say about shoes and fitting? 
I'm very familiar and very well informed on bitcoin, it's just shit. There's a boundary between not tolerating nonsense and your juvenile understanding of "open mind". My perspective is generally fact based. 


I also find your behavior and comments "reprehensible." So I generally dismiss you in the same way you're dismissing me.. eh? Mr. "this will be my last reply to you in feeding one." Turn and turn about - hypocrisy - pot, kettle, black and all that. 
@_date: 2015-03-03 21:02:03
If so, god fucking help you. That takes some serious effort.