@_author: mr-whitekey
@_date: 2016-11-08 21:44:31
What you say here, while true, applies to anything that you buy and sell. Bitcoin provides a service. It allows for much faster transactions, safety from government seizure, safety from negative interest rates, recorded and more privet transactions. These are all real world benefits to bitcoin's value and "back it up". Bitcoin is not defacto zero sum. If people value and use its functionality, it becomes just another service in our economy. This service can make our economy more efficient, and thereby creating more real wealth, by making it faster to transmit money across the world, circumvent capital flow restrictions, allowing peer to peer commerce. These are all things you might consider.
@_date: 2016-11-08 22:06:46
We bring up a legacy system because bitcoin's value is in large part as an alternative to the system. By bring it up we are widening the context that frames the situation.
The term "making money" is only a way to describe a value transfer, as more people find out about the value that bitcoin they value it more and more and are willing to work hard to trade for it. The is the basic way that all assets increase in value. If you believe this is unjust, fine there are good arguments for that, but let's frame it that way, as unjust.
Your anecdote about swapping $100 for 1 btc is not quite correct, a lot has changed. Whomever now has the 1 btc has a highly secure assets which can be traded around the world quickly and peer to peer. Whom ever has the $100 can not trade world wide quickly, can have the money seized in a back account, but the $100 is much more liquid and is legal tender. Those represent very different power structures and real capabilities.
Bitcoin is making some wealthier, but that is a symptom of its underlying usefulness/the market speculating on it underlying usefulness. It is no different that Apple stock making shareholders wealthy or the fall in the Pound making dollar holders more wealthy. What is the issue?
You have also noticed that all sorts of vices are actively promoted with the USD, what is the point? You have also noticed that all sorts of vices are promoted by the internet, what is the point? Pointing out the people whom use bitcoin have vices tells you nothing about is as a store of value or are an asset. Mostly all it does is expose a bias toward noticing vices. Unless you have data, it is just hearsay.