@_author: mseeross
@_date: 2018-01-26 19:32:14
Exactly. I wrote an article about it.
Have a look if you want to learn more. And futures are naturally used to hedge, and judging by the low volume I think most players are using them as such
@_date: 2018-01-08 15:46:09
You are correct that whales can manipulate the price. However, strictly, in theory more players entering the market *should* result in price stability. Having said that, I'm not going to hodl my breath waiting for stable prices!
@_date: 2017-12-13 07:08:50
You make an excellent point regarding the intrinsic value of an envelope, and also the usefulness of cryptocurrencies in general and Bitcoin in particular. It's helping me learn and I applaud your response. And yet, I still have some qualms that I'd be grateful for you to consider.
How do we price the cost of an envelope? I don't know how much they cost to make, but I can assume they are made in a factory somewhere, en masse and for a comparatively cheap sum, at least compared to the $100 bill you are sending to young Jimmy enclosed within.
Now, how do we price the value of cryptography within a cryptocurrency? This is a hard question, because a currency has value only if others use it. It doesn't perform well if only one person in the whole world uses it. It performs best when there is mass adoption, and everyone has familiarity. Perhaps it is analogous to a social media website. So should I always use the most popular crypto available? Does this give it it's value? What about if there is a more efficient, less popular crypto? What if my favoured crypto goes through a series of 16 hard forks, each with support from varying sectors of its user base, and I become confused as to which fork has the most utility/popularity? All of a sudden I am left confused and helpless. Sure, I can still feel safe that my transactions are hidden, but perhaps the utility of this cryptography will be damaged by the currencies fluctuating userbase. 
If I am left beholden to the fickle nature of man, then this is the price I pay for decentralization. If I don't want to be beholden to this, I shouldn't try to find a more effective alternative. 
I admit that the above scenario seems outlandish, but I use it only to highlight my concerns. I would be interested in having them allayed. 
My point is, I don't know how to price the value of cryptography, because I can forsee it being ubiquitous.
In the interests of fairness, it should be noted that I'm scrutinizing crypto to a higher degree than traditional forms of currency, but to counter that, as a newcomer, this scrutiny should be welcomed if it truly is a better alternative.
As for the incentive structure that perpetuates the network fuctioning, I say "balderdash". It only works while the cryptocurrency has upward momentum. Go through this thought experiment with me, and if you find disagreement, I would be grateful if you can chime in.
People mine bitcoin because they make a profit. As the profit becomes easier and bigger more and more people mine bitcoin. The difficulty increases as the mining power increases. The price of electricity remains (relatively) constant. So I ask you, what will happen if we see a significant decline in the price of BTC? Some miners operate at a small profit. Will they simply turn off their mining? Won't this lead to a slowdown of the network? I don't know, though I can imagine a mass panick of people all trying to withdraw their BTC all while the network takes a huge hit as miners turn off their machines. I know that this is a technical question, but a question it remains.
Thanks again!
@_date: 2017-12-10 21:27:27
Guys....Think about it like this. If the futures price of bitcoin is lower than the price of actual bitcoin, it will incentivize (sp?) people to sell their real bitcoins and buy bitcoin futures.
Imagine if you owned bitcoins worth 20K and the futures were trading at 18K. You could sell your real bitcoin and buy the futures and pocket $2000. What does this mean? It means it takes money OUT of the bitcoin market and places it INTO the futures market. This decreases the importance of bitcoin market and increases the importance of the futures market. 
If we assume this scenario could happen, then we could also assume that people are trying to manipulate the price of the futures market lower. If massive selling pressure occurs on the futures market, it will incentivize more and more hodlers to get out of their position. There is no counterbalance. They are taking their bitcoins out of its real 'physical' market and placing them into futures markets that are governed by he who has the most dollars. If the sellers manage to drive the price low enough, the buyers will hit their margin requirements and be forced to sell their longs, further tanking the price. At this point, the gap between futures and 'physical' bitcoin will be even bigger, and more people will sell 'physical' BTC to buy the futures. The cycle repeats until the price has been tanked.
[I wrote an article about it]( Ill be happy to be proved wrong! 
@_date: 2017-12-13 07:16:06
If the supply is fixed and reducing, then what should I make of the hard-forks I keep reading about? Surely they represent an increase of supply. Or at least, could you blame me for thinking they represent an increase in supply? And is it a feasible notion to expect more hard-forks in the future, if they have support from a significant section of the community? Could that happen? Could you give me an estimation of how many hard forks will occur over, say, the next 3 years?
@_date: 2017-12-10 21:44:54
Futures are traded on margin, That means you can leverage your gains. If the margin required is only 44%, then it means you can make more than double trading the futures compared to trading real bitcoins
@_date: 2017-12-10 22:09:06
You are correct that if I short a position on leverage I will lose my money faster than if I hadn't been levered in the first place. However, can you envision a scenario where leverage would be attractive to a trader or an institution? BTC can go both up and down. In the situation where I short a position and it goes up, I leverage my losses, but in a position where btc goes down, I will lever my gains. 
Consider this. You put 100k into buying real physical BTC. You also take 100K and put it into futures but selling BTC. The futures BTC are leveraged, but your physical btc aren't. There will be more pressure using your leveraged money, and even though you've allocated both 100K going both long and short, because of leverage, the short position affects the market more. 
The benefits of no leverage is you will never be 'forced out' of your position. The benefits of leverage is you get a bigger position. 
@_date: 2017-12-17 10:52:32
Indeed. I tend to use the analogy of picking the right lottery numbers when making that point! Analogizing bitcoin to gambling, however, could be seen as being a tad disingenuous.
@_date: 2017-12-10 21:33:53
Certainly, for someone to buy a contract another person has to sell it. What matters aside from the transaction is the transaction price. If I sell 1 BTC at $100,000 I need someone to buy it from me. Likewise, for me to buy it at $100, I need to find a seller. Thus, if sellers begin to find buyers at a lower price, this could encourage more people to sell. Much like how as the price of bitcoin has risen in the past months it has gained more and more interest in the general population. Sure, people will have different opinions, and prices will change, that's how markets work! Everything you've said has made sense, but I read your comment as though you aren't taking into account the variance of price.
@_date: 2017-12-10 21:37:01
The real, 'physical' bitcoin market has a price based on how much money is in it. That's why coinmarketcap.com always lists how much money is in each coin. The more money that each coin has, the higher its price. The converse is also true. If the futures market can take some of the money away from the 'physical' market and into the futures market, it *could* lower the price of BTC.
Imagine this: if someone short sells btc futures, it puts negative pressure on the price. If I short sell $10 billion notional on the futures price, if there aren't enough buyers at the 20k price, the price will decline. This will create a discrepancy between the futures price and the real price. Some people will decide to sell their 'physical' BTC and buy the futures at a lower price and make instant profits. This is how the market will tank (if it does!)
@_date: 2017-12-10 22:28:32
And I don't disagree with what you said. (why didn't I just say "I agree" instead of "I don't disagree"?)
The only reason I brought up leverage was to take issue with your original statement:


Anyhow, I think we've cleared everything up! 
I do, however, [believe that in the medium term futures contracts will be bad for btc]( because of leverage, but for different reasons. Let me know what you think! :D
@_date: 2017-12-12 14:43:15
There are many ways to test whether or not something is in a bubble. 
For example, just the other day, I was paying my rent to my landlady, who is a 72 year old Grandma who speaks no English. She mentioned crypto!
However, the best way to see if this is a bubble is ask yourself "are people buying bitcoin because they are so impressed by its decentralized nature/blockchain tech" or are they buying bitcoin because they think its value will increase in dollar terms. As long as people think of bitcoins in dollar terms, and not the other way around, we are in a bubble, and the 'new paradigm' hasn't arrived.
@_date: 2017-12-22 19:58:23
This is not a market crash. This is not a bubble bursting. This is a correction. 
Psychologically, we are at the "oh, I feel nervous" fase. For a market to crash, we need to see widespread panic. A lot of new adopters have been burned, and this will hamper the speed of growth for BTC, but this certainly is not a crash. However, there is a danger. The danger is that the consistent selling over the past few days (lower highs, lower lows) continues. Then nervousness will change to fear, and fear to panic. If I were an astute investor, I'd sell my BTC and wait on the sidelines - wait for prices to stabilize for a few days, maybe even a few weeks, before jumping in. Ask yourself this question, what is greater right now, your fear or your greed?
Media like to talk about the 'bloodblath' and 'carnage', but its all dramatic headlines to grab attention. You'll know when the bloodbath really occurs because you'll be shaking everywhere unable to believe the price action. This hasn't happened, so calm down :D
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:09:27
Your 'worst case' scenario is 3k? We could easily go lower. Don't think of BTC in terms of price. Think of it from a different perspective - You rightly said that a lot of the new adopters got burned. But that's exactly the problem. For the price to increase, we need new adopters. Without new adopters there is no growth. Without growth people will begin to liquidate positions, into other, more interesting alt coins, or back to traditional asserts.
Regarding the new adopters, BTC was growing at an exponential rate. That means either a majority, or a significant minority of BTC holders have been burned. They will likely be more reticent to buy in the future. Exponential growth can only be achieved so many times. Is this the last time? Probably not, but burning newbies doesn't help raise the BTC price.
Also, saying you expect BTC to stabilize at c.8K is very dangerous. Novogratz has staked his reputation on it. Think of it as a massive psychological buying 'wall'. As you've seen on the way up, these walls are easily broken. If the bears gain momentum, they can easily smash the 8k mark.  The result will be to turn nervousness into fear, and perhaps even panic. If that takes hold 3K can easily be reached, breached and forgotten about. 
Am I being dramatic? Ask yourself...would you rather be in the market right now for its great buying opportunity, or would you rather sit on the sidelines for a few weeks, waiting for stability to return? I suppose depending on my questions, you'll regard me as being dramatic or astute!
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:29:08
An apple has intrinsic value. You can eat it and it might even be tasty if it's ripe.
Currency doesn't have intrinsic value. Neither bitcoin nor dollars. You cannot eat a dollar. 
As for bitcoins valuation, a true believer doesn't care about dollar value. A true believer won't be offended when you say bitcoin should be 1$/bitcoin.  A true believer thinks that bitcoin is the future because everybody will adopt it and thus it will be the currency of the future. (pick a different mass-adoption ideal) I don't understand why people get offended when you say bitcoin is a bubble. A bubble is only commentary on bitcoins value in dollar terms. If you still think of BTC in dollar terms it belies your intent to at some point cash out and have dollars. If you want to cash out BTC into dollars, its a very reasonable desire, but it means you should admit to yourself that you still value dollars on some level.
So, you should ask yourself, "How many people are involved in BTC to get rich in dollar terms, and how many honestly believe in blockchain technology. And if they believe in blockchain, why did they chose bitcoin and not some altcoin (although the choice is so large it does make the decision hard)"
Also, why is bitcoin deflationary? I don't understand. I **do** understand that USD is definitely inflationary, but I don't understand why bitcoin is deflationary.
Thanks for taking the time to read this and I look forward to a response! :D
@_date: 2017-12-13 07:48:19
Ah, so the mistake I have made is I have assumed that the difficulty in mining bitcoin will always increase, rather than adapt to user behavior. Thank you for enlightening me.
By the way, I like the 1:10,000 Rule. The rule I apply is [Cunningham's]( law!
I still remain unsure regarding hard forks. They seem inflationary in nature to me. Why can't we see bitcoin cash or bitcoin gold I'd like to settle this once and for all, and you seem knowledgeable! Perhaps if you have time you can elaborate further! (Alternatively I can do a bit of research on my own ;-) )
Anyhow, thanks for your reply!
@_date: 2017-12-12 14:36:06
Hey, I've written [an article]( about the potential fears.
It's mainly because short selling bitcoins in now possible. But the futures market won't instantly tank BTC price, no way. It will take a few weeks/months for the futures market to increase in size before it can influence the real BTC market. If you have any questions let me know!
Edit: Now that I think about it, I guess I should really submit the article to r/bitcoin. I guess I'll do that soon!
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:34:40
The failings of central banks directly induced terrible societal and financial changes. People holding stock and real assets like houses (old rich people) benefited immensely while those of us who work in dollars have had the value of our currency stolen from beneath us.
CB's have directly caused people to look for alternatives like BTC. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 22:53:54
Yes, and in the case where the futures market is smaller than the physical market the discount is quickly righted. But what happens when the futures market is larger than the physical market? "The tail wags the dog" and the physical market is affected by the derivative. I cannot say that this will happen, but I can certainly see it happening.
Also I don't think that as soon as CBOE begins trading all market participants will join in immediately. Give a few weeks for people to begin trading the futures market. It could be the case no one wants to trade futures, though I find this scenario unlikely
@_date: 2017-12-10 22:42:57
I agree with you entirely. The only difference between the futures market and the current btc market is you are able to go short on the futures market very easily. This 'two way' market could increase price volatility
@_date: 2017-12-12 15:07:02
You make interesting points about scaling. These are hurdles that can be overcome. I agree that we are still in our infancy regarding cryptocurrencies. 
I think its also important to distinguish between Cryptocurrencies in general and Bitcoin in particular. To lump them together makes the discussion less clear. I, for example, wonder why Bitcoin has garnered more investment compared to some altcoins. Perhaps you can shed some insight? Anyway, thanks for the reply!
@_date: 2017-12-17 00:23:48
Lose is relative, and so is risk. +20-30% is a comparative loss when thinking about bitcoin. If you had bought bitcoin at almost any time this year and held it for a substantive period, you'd almost certainly have made much more than 20-30%! Still, its very easy for me to write this, with the benefit of hindsight! :D
@_date: 2017-12-17 10:53:01
Indeed it is!
@_date: 2017-12-11 10:54:04
Thank you for your feedback! I wonder about bitcoins utility compared with other altcoins. You pose a good question and I have to make the statement "surely there are better cryptocoins out there!" BTC takes a long time to confirm and a lot of energy for each transaction. Furthermore, fees are becoming exorbitant due to the high value of each BTC.
I think bitcoin itself is in a speculative bubble. By that I mean people are buying bitcoin not because of its decentralized nature, or it's usefulness as a currency, but simply to gain value in dollar terms. Of course you could argue that it's a good store of value, but I would counter that it's volatile nature makes it less so. (it's only a good store of value because it doubles in price every month!)
As for wall street, they will do anything they can to make money. They could tank bitcoin at any time. However, if they want to do it on the futures market, as I've laid out, they would first need to make sure enough people are trading on the futures market every day, that the futures market becomes significant enough to bitcoin holders, before they tank it. I would be surprised if it tanks in the next few days and weeks. I think an event could happen in months or years.
@_date: 2017-12-13 18:06:42
Bitcoin will be a victim of its own success. People have gotten used to 10% gains in a day. Thus the tacit expectation of new people who "invest" in BTC is that this sort of gain is reasonable, and to be expected.
If the price decreases significantly these people will feel hurt, and withdraw their money, and this disappointment will spread and turn into fear until it's outright panic.
You say that bitcoin has seen swings like this before, and it has. However, due to it's scale, it will affect more people than the crash of 4 years ago. All of those who've remortgaged their house to create btc mining rigs. Even if they have made impressive amounts of money, I can guarantee the majority of it is still in Bitcoin. After all, who needs fiat when the new paradigm is here?
It is not unreasonable to say that BTC will hit $40K, perhaps even in a matter of weeks. However, it is also not unreasonable to say that bitcoin could be trading under $1000 in a couple of weeks. To be clear, I am not attacking Bitcoin, I am attacking human greed and speculation. This is natural in a bubble.
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:31:10
I agree, but every time there is a fork it creates a choice for some of the userbase to switch over to the forked coin. Currently most forks are really scammy 'platinum bitcoin' etc etc, but it's not hard to envision more serious alternative forks that end up migrating some of the userbase away from the 'original' bitcoin. This can be seen as inflationary, though not in the strict sense.
I think we need to look at crypto from a new paradigm as opposed to inflationary/deflationary. That works with traditional currency. With cryptocurrency, the price doesn't come from an arbitrary set amount of coins, it comes from the amount of people willing to participate in said cryptocurrency. The argument that there are only a finite amount of BTC isn't as important as how many people are willing to use BTC and support the network. Its simple: the more that people use BTC, for payment or value storage, the higher the price. The less that use it, the lower the price.
What I've said regarding people choosing to use a crypto also applies to traditional currencies, however, its worth noting that in a practical sense it has been very hard to chose which currency to use, until the advent and proliferation of crypto. Now chosing which currency to use is no longer hard to undertake, and can be done at the click of a button. Even 10 years ago this was impossible.
@_date: 2017-12-12 14:16:20
"Print shorts to infinity" doesn't come from brokers, the clearing firm or depositors who are given leverage. "Unlimited shorting" is the idea that a large, very well financed institution can enter the bitcoin futures market and make huge negative bets on the price , thus influencing the overall bitcoin market, scaring speculators and causing a panic. This hasn't been a real possibility until now, because before the introduction of a futures market, it was very hard to short bitcoin.
Also, I agree that the futures market cannot 'dilute' the bitcoin market at all - I concur! What the futures market can do,however, is attract capital away from the bitcoin market and into the bitcoin futures market. It can do this by virtue of its better service, and lower counterparty risk. There are other benefits and indeed some drawbacks, but we can surely agree that the futures market will bring more people to the speculation table.
If the futures can attract money that was invested in bitcoin out of bitcoin and into bitcoin futures the net effect is:
* A) The market cap and price of bitcoin decline as people sell bitcoin to buy BTC futures
* B) Speculation on the futures market increases
* C) The futures market begins to become more important than the bitcoin market, and the bitcoin market begins to follow the futures market. (once again, "tail wags dog")
I don't think 'rehypothecating' bitcoin could ever happen. Bitcoin is here to stay.
Does that help clear things up? Let me know if you disagree or don't understand something.
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:33:09
Ok, apologies for sounding alarmist! Good luck with your trades!
@_date: 2018-02-12 12:16:33
What about the 2.22 Billion $ worth of Tether that's being injected into the bitcoin market? Do you think that affects the price of BTC?
@_date: 2018-02-06 07:40:43
The fact that the federal reserve has engaged in a massive quantitative easing program since 2008 and has printed trillions of dollars out of thin air resulting in a huge bubble in asset prices including housing, stocks and bonds? People don't want the dollars to lose value so they put it in crypto? 