@_author: msporny
@_date: 2016-02-19 16:26:29
Hey (Manu Sporny) here (I'm the one in the video above).
I think you're spot on wrt. the light bulb moment that we hope most people will have. I think the bit where you may not be right is that this automatically means that the solution will be Bitcoin. We're certainly trying to enable Bitcoin payments via the Web Payments work, but there are many countries with fiat currencies that are trying to make the shift to digital currencies (for a variety of good and bad reasons).
My point being, don't expect the rest of the currencies and governments in the world to sit still while everyone has this light bulb moment you're speaking of.
In the grand scheme of things, Web Payments and Bitcoin are going to demonstrate how payments can become more secure on the Internet. In the long-term, I expect other currencies to follow in the path that Bitcoin is trail blazing.
@_date: 2015-11-06 05:44:33


I don't really know where to start, other than asserting very strongly that you're terribly misinformed. :)
I have personally written entire standards at W3C without the financial backing of a large company and as an individual: 
I think your notion of W3C is the W3C of the 1990s, not present day W3C. There was a time where large companies had a ton of sway at W3C, but that has changed significantly over the last decade thanks to individuals in (surprisingly) those large companies.
For example, there were 850+ members of the HTML5 Working Group... many of them had no corporate affiliation nor did they pay W3C membership dues. There is absolutely nothing stopping you from reading the specs, firing off a comment to a mailing list, and the Working Group being bound by their charter to respond to you.
@_date: 2015-11-06 04:56:24
Hey, Manu Sporny here (Chairman of the Web Payments Community Group and the person that made the comment cited above). Yes, please send help. I'm going to be spending some time trying to answer questions in this thread below.
@_date: 2015-11-06 05:05:40
The Standards Implementation Foundation is currently raising money to do just this. Pay for people's time to get them involved in standards-making around Web Payments and Identity/Credentials. If you would like to pool your organizations money to hire a representative, send me an email: msporny
@_date: 2015-11-05 21:46:53
It depends on how much you want to do. If you just want to participate in the weekly calls, the time commitment is around 1-2 hours. If you want to review specs, participate in discussion, and provide input, weekly time commitment is 2-4 hours. If you want to help with being a specification editor, weekly time commitment is 10-15 hours. If you want to do implementations, weekly time commitment is close to 15-25 hours.
@_date: 2015-11-06 04:51:51
I don't have any contacts there, any chance you could do an introduction? My email: msporny
@_date: 2015-11-04 15:37:29
Hi, my name is Manu Sporny and I wrote the specification text around Bitcoin that the article cites. 
I am the Chairman of the Web Payments Community Group (pre-standardization payments work) and the Identity Credentials Community Group (pre-standardization identity work) at W3C. I am also a W3C member and participate in the Web Payments Interest Group (steering committee) and Web Payments Working Group (technical committee). 
I'm here to set expectations, as there seems to be widespread misunderstanding around Bitcoin and the Web Payments work at W3C.
First, some helpful background links:
W3C Web Payments Vision:
Participants in W3C Web Payments work:
Web Payments Messages (Community Group proposal cited by article):
Web Payments Browser API (Community Group proposal cited by article):
To be clear, I am making these statements as an individual and not in my role as a company representative, specification editor, chairman of any group, or a  member of any group at W3C. These opinions and statements are my own.
The article seems to accidentally mis-represent where we are with Bitcoin and Web Payments. Many of us have been trying to get the Bitcoin community involved for a number of years in the Web Payments work:
For example, Pindar Wong has undertaken a Herculean effort over the last year to get more involvement from Bitcoin organizations through the Blockchain Workshops as well as the Scaling Bitcoin Workshops:
The direction of the W3C Web Payments work is set by the participants. Currently, there are zero Bitcoin organizations involved in the Web Payments work. There are zero core Bitcoin developers engaged in the Web Payments work. I put the text around Bitcoin in the specifications to demonstrate that the approach we are taking is generalized enough to support Bitcoin and in the hope that Bitcoin organizations would notice and start participating. If there are no Bitcoin companies participating, the most likely outcome at present is that those examples will be stripped out of the specification as it works its way through the standardization process. We can't keep Bitcoin examples that haven't been vetted by experts and that don't have implementations behind them.
The status of Bitcoin in the Web Payments work is far more precarious than many of the people commenting on the article think. The good news is that it doesn't have to be this way. The Bitcoin community could start participating if they want to see Bitcoin supported in the Web Payments work.
This is an open invitation to Bitcoin organizations to join the Web Payments work. W3C is an open, patent-and-royalty-free standards setting organization. Work happens transparently and in the open. Anyone can monitor and send comments into the mailing lists and Github issue trackers. We standardize the technology that 3+ billion people around the world use to access the Web. We want Bitcoin organizations at the table. Here's how to join the work and ensure Bitcoin is treated as a priority over the coming months and years:
@_date: 2015-11-06 04:59:28
The most important thing you could do right now is make sure that the best Bitcoin core developers (either for the client or for BTC exchanges) join the effort.
If you are a Web developer, doing a spec review and providing feedback on the proposal (via Github issues) would be great too:
Issue tracker:
@_date: 2015-11-05 16:47:13
To be clear, here's the text you cite as counterproductive:






Dealing with regulatory requirements in any payment system is a reality. This is also true for Bitcoin (note the Bitcoin licenses and money transmitter licenses that are required to operate the exchanges).
It seems as if you're stating that the lack of participation is due to the vision that we make the regulatory requirements less burdensome on everyone involved. If that's true, I don't understand where that's coming from other than not wanting regulation at all. Could you explain further?
@_date: 2015-11-05 21:44:43
Great, thanks for taking on that initiative, Fran. You are correct, of course. Consensus around patent and royalty-free technology and standards is the way the Internet and the Web came to be. I expect Bitcoin, and many other crypto/blockchain based tech, to follow a similar path.
@_date: 2015-11-06 05:11:03


You can access all the mailing lists here (and see and read every email that has transpired on each mailing list):
Web Payments Community Group (pre-standards / experimental work): 
Web Payments Interest Group (steering committee): 
Web Payments Working Group (technical committee - formed just two weeks ago): 


It takes all of 5 minutes to sign up for the Web Payments Community Group once you have a W3C account. 
Getting a W3C account can sometimes takes a few hours because it has to be manually approved due to IPR issues - some companies have tried to do an end-around the patent and royalty-free policy at W3C by creating shadow accounts and participating through those. There are thousands of people involved in W3C Community Groups that aren't associated with any company and pay no dues to participate. There are a decent number of Invited Experts that are at the top of their field that participate without paying any W3C dues.
Getting into the Web Payments IG or WG is harder because we want to keep the quality of the discussion very high. If you are not with a company paying W3C membership dues, you have to demonstrate that you're capable and bring something to the table that no one else in the group can bring (this is called an Invited Expert).
I was an Invited Expert at W3C for many years before convincing my company to join W3C. It's possible and it happens often. Since we don't have any core Bitcoiners in the group, I bet the W3C would be very open to getting a very knowledgable Bitcoiner or two into the group (even if they aren't a W3C member).
I don't think the barriers to participation are as high as you think they are. If you are having problems participating, let me know (msporny and I can point you in the right direction.
@_date: 2015-11-06 05:32:27
+1 to Bruce's reply - if you want to see something happen, volunteer to make it happen or convince your company to participate. It's considered bad form to ask someone that is already volunteering their time to volunteer more of their time to get something you want to happen done. If you think it's important, help make it happen.
To put this in perspective, a non-trivial number of us that work on stuff at W3C do so in our spare time. We are not compensated for it. We do it because we think the work is important (just as Bruce volunteers to help the Bitcoin Foundation), and telling us to do more, faster is the wrong approach. Volunteer to help in some way if you want to make a difference.
For example - go out and convince some of the Bitcoin Foundation's paying members to join the Web Payments work. Send them an email or get in touch with them via social media. You'd be surprised what just educating them about the opportunity can do.
@_date: 2015-11-05 16:42:13
The single most important thing you can do right now is to try and convince Bitcoin organizations or core developers to join the Web Payments work.
@_date: 2015-11-05 03:55:15
Thanks Luke, I appreciate it. :)
@_date: 2015-11-05 16:40:02
I believe I did just invite any and all leading developers to participate. :)
We're also in touch with a number of folks in the industry. The most common reason that core Bitcoiners give us for lack of participation is a lack of time and resources to participate. Whether that's an appropriate reason or not is beside the point. The bottom line is that no one from the core Bitcoin community is participating, and without their involvement, not much is going to happen on the Bitcoin front wrt. Web Payments (which would be a bad outcome).
@_date: 2015-11-06 04:54:55
Yes, please reach out to them. They have been mostly non-responsive to our outreach efforts.
@_date: 2015-11-06 05:36:02
The first step would be to join the Web Payments Community Group: 
Then review the specs: 
and provide feedback via the issue tracker: 
@_date: 2015-11-05 21:32:01
I've contacted both MIT DCI and BF. The former is trying to find someone to participate. The latter has said that they don't have the resources.
@_date: 2015-11-06 05:03:10
Hi Bruce, the first step would be to send me an email so I can get you connected with the right people: msporny
The second step would be to allocate at least one very knowledgeable developer's time and have them join the Web Payments Interest Group:
@_date: 2015-11-06 06:40:57
It would be nice to have solid technical discussion that will lead to a clear path forward for Bitcoin in the specs. I don't know what subset of the people on r/bitcoin would be capable of engaging in this type of technical discussion, but I bet the number is not zero and that is why I'm spending time here trying to convince some of the leaders in this community to participate.


The specs are designed to be payment method agnostic. We are not taking a position on whether something is "good" or "bad", we want to support what people are using today, and what some of us hope people will use in the future. So, even if Bitcoin were not included, credit and debit card transactions would, as would ACH, and SEPA, and PayPal, and Google Wallet, and Apple Pay, etc.


No, that's not what I mean at all.
That said, if you want to take me out to dinner, that's great and I welcome it, but I don't work for W3C nor have I ever seen wining and dining accomplish anything in a standards setting organization. :)
The thing that gets results is participation and solid technical feedback (neither of which requires you to pay a dime to W3C). That's all I'm asking for from this community.
Do a spec review: 
and provide feedback on the proposal: 
Total cost to you: your time + $0
Total W3C membership dues paid: $0
@_date: 2015-11-06 14:47:24


Glad we're clearing up the misconceptions. :)


I don't think I ever said Bitcoin was at risk for not being "included", where my definition of "included" is - "the standard attempts to support some variant of making a Bitcoin payment (or leaves the door open for Bitcoin integration)". I'm personally pushing to ensure that's possible. That said, I'm not a Bitcoin core developer, so I'm doing my best but I expect that's not going to be good enough to meet the rigorous W3C standardization process. At some point, someone is going to ask if there is an implementation behind the examples used and if the answer isn't "Yes" (and I don't intend to sign my organization up for an implementation of a Bitcoin integration), then the most likely request will be to remove the examples because until there is a solid implementation, the Bitcoin examples are well-intentioned fiction.
The problem is the gap between theoretically leaving things open for Bitcoin, and ensuring that someone steps up with a working implementation against the standard that's being developed. We learn a great deal while doing implementations and sometimes it turns out that we didn't do enough in the standard to include a particular sub-technology. This is why we need experts to let us know if what we're doing will actually work.
For example, it's more clear how Bitcoin "cloud wallets" would integrate with the Web Payments work than it is how native Bitcoin wallets would integrate. So, to ensure we can do both, we'd like to see a working demonstration of both in the Web Payments test suite. That's what we need from this community. We need a few developers to step up and demonstrate that it's possible to integrate Bitcoin in a variety of ways with the Web Payments standard.
@_date: 2013-01-21 22:54:05
Open Transactions is really interesting, we've been following FT's work for a very long time. It is, however, a software library, not a financial protocol designed to work on the Web (which is what PaySwarm is). It is also a highly experimental. From the OT website:
"THIS IS ONLY EXPERIMENTAL SOFTWARE AND IS NOT YET READY FOR PRIME TIME."
I hope a day does come where OT is ready for prime time as there are a number of very interesting pieces to the technology stack. Lucre being one of the really interesting pieces. We will fold in much of this experimental work into PaySwarm as time goes on, but for now we're focusing on fiat currency, Web-based commerce, and digital contracts.
The first commercial PaySwarm system launches in a few weeks, we will continue to refine the PaySwarm specs from what we learn from the commercial launch and usage. We tend to view OT, PaySwarm, Lucre, Flattr, Dwolla, and especially Bitcoin as really interesting initiatives that will shape how money will be used on the Web in the future. There is plenty of room for all of them to exist and evolve.
@_date: 2013-01-21 22:43:30
What exactly did you not like about the experience? In many cases, it's just a single click on a purchase button, so there isn't much to experience (which is by design, we want you to be able to do a transaction and try very hard to stay out of your way).
If there is anything we can do to make the experience better, we're all ears - would love to hear more specific feedback.
@_date: 2013-01-21 22:40:39
It would work much like other transactions into and out of a financial system work. You transfer money from an external source into a holding account (like moving money from your bank account to PayPal). Then all accounting is done internally (this leads to immediate transactions instead of waiting for the blockchain to be verified). When the person wants to withdraw their money, they transfer it to an external account (like moving money from PayPal to your bank account). 
In the case of Bitcoin, replace Bank Account with Bitcoin address.
@_date: 2013-01-22 14:44:30
For those of you that are interested in learning more about PaySwarm and how it is designed to democratize access to the financial tools currently only available to large banks and corporations, here are a set of background articles explaining the initiative:
Technical details on the PaySwarm protocol:
@_date: 2013-01-21 22:57:10
Yes, if you don't trust your PaySwarm Authority to keep a proper balance for you, then that is the only way to be absolutely certain that you have the money. However, if you're that paranoid, you're better off just using Bitcoin directly and waiting for the blockchain confirmations.
That said, there will be many financial transactions that will not be available to you if you choose to wait (like buying any  music, video, etc. online and having immediate access to it). You would have to wait an hour or so for the site to give you access, and that's just too long for the vast majority of people. Since the number of potential customers for that sort of transaction are so few, the likelihood that a site would implement it is fairly low.