@_author: mtaapple
@_date: 2014-01-29 08:48:55
you might be right, but the law is written by lawyers lobbied to be enacted merchants when it comes to this sort of crap. I couldn't find any hard evidence for my initial claim except from my lecture notes of 2008 at UCD.
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:28:37
This is exactly what I was thinking. Mt.gox has been a source of serious lack of security for a while now. The fact that they could still persist to take people's money was a real problem.
@_date: 2014-01-29 08:59:34
I've marked this thread NSFW because I don't want this article to be appearing on radars where malfeasance would occur. I'd like bitcoin to be the way of the future, and not become subject to the powers that claim republic but enact enslavement via monetary means. I feel like a solution to this very real threat can be made possible, but short of instilling a crash to all markets not bitcoin I don't see any immediate solution to the security of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-29 07:25:32
@_date: 2014-01-29 06:08:50
Three party arbitrage. Arbitraging money in order to make money from money is highly illegal and has been for ages.
Buying bitcoin, exchanging for currency A, then A for B, then back to bitcoin for a large profit can get you put in jail. Just don't fuck with multiple currencies of other nations and you "should" be good. Exchanging by at one rate, and selling back for less isn't. Its just pure exchanging. Laundering is stupid, I don't think anybody is in doubt about that.
@_date: 2014-01-29 18:58:05
they don't print at will, they print when the fed agrees to after careful examination of all the money markets.
@_date: 2014-03-02 09:32:54
A wise history professor told me once "The United States is better secured by owing foreign nations money because in such debt, to the states, those who lent their cash to the states now seek to protect the states from dissolution. In such the manner, being in debt makes you very much secure (until you reach 0). National debt, by this merit, is a good thing while not altogether ideal."
I think hanging the person who may have the keys to your cash may not be the best solution.
@_date: 2014-02-21 20:16:56
I honestly can't find much worth buying on overstock. Seems like a lot of cheap stuff and outdated technology like digital cameras and other. Stuff nobody can sell.
@_date: 2014-01-29 07:25:07
rofl, love it.
@_date: 2014-02-21 08:06:21
Confidence in a currency is as valuable as the goods that currency can buy. If the confidence is low, ledgers of a different form will take center stage as forms of currencies. The coins are simply a message; that "person 1 owes person 2 X amount of goods/services". The current by which we chose to convey that message is generally cash, but in it is, more than most citizens, in the form of bitcoin. Bitcoin will still be around after scandals and thefts, but eventually people spend their coins on something and someone is stuck with them. You can be sure of assholes out there pulling some serious shit every day for the rest of your life, knowing you can depend on someone not to take your whole livelihood's self-worth in one fell-swoop is another thing entirely. Decentralized currencies have inherent risks and require trust between coin-holders. No real movements, via bitcoin, have occurred on a grand scale. Nothing of real merit has happened. I suggest a kickstarter such as a bitcoin "space battle-ship" be launched. something everyone can point to in the sky and say "hey look, bitcoin shareholders paid into a kickstarter, with bitcoin and cash, and launched the very first space-battle ship capable of blowing up satelites and individual national interstellar command-network controls. This is the sort of leveraging that moves nationals into globalists. If bitcoin is going to become the global economic currency it needs some teeth.
@_date: 2014-03-06 14:47:09
I wonder if this was his first "anonymous" platform for discourse and "current?"
@_date: 2013-12-30 07:18:15
just had a moment of "holy shit!" when I read the list names thinking "these are the fake ones"
@_date: 2013-12-16 08:00:13
Thats kinda dark, but oddly true.
@_date: 2013-11-20 10:00:25
I can second this. Just bought 3 .21 shares of btc (I may have lost a little since yesterday) through sellers that were trusted and have high ratings. I've got .62 in my wallet and am very happy to be involved in the bitconomy at this point (even if most people who bought in years ago are moderately more "rich". I'd like to treat using bitcoin as a small fortune, something i could make larger if used correctly, and something that could ruin me if mishandled.
as far as localbitcoins goes I'd say know your buyer by checking his ratings. The website itself seems very secure and trustworthy and charges a decently modest amount for ensuring the trade goes smoothly.
@_date: 2013-11-22 13:37:28
Probably closer to sub-threshold schizoid if my psych degree is doing me any justice. Sub-threshold disorders can take hold of high functioning people and sometimes work out to their advantage. Not all disorders are debilitating (or something to be ashamed of). Edit to be fair you're seeing a culmination of one set of ideas and thoughts. Most interactions people have are on a nominal need to know basis. Nobody opens up when they have nothing to gain. Opening up is showing all vulnerabilities and I only do that for the prospect of becoming better than I am today. Sorry of I seem strange to you.
@_date: 2013-12-22 10:10:01
Think about currencies as chips in a casino. Every casino has their own chip. Sometimes you will bring a chip home from Los Vegas or Reno. The chip, you may find, have very little value outside the casino. Likewise, carrying Euros in the USA becomes less useful than carrying USD. Most people won't accept your Casino chip or Euro at the grocery store or restaurant in Pico, California. In fact most people in Pico, California may have a hard time knowing what either of these currencies are. To them you become a currency salesperson instead of a buyer of goods and services. To make that chip worth something you need someone willing to exchange for a price that either matches or comes close to what everyone else is exchanging for. There are always costs to maintaining a casino. Making chips isn't cheap for casinos, the chips can't be duplicated easily or the house will be flooded with fakes and bust. Nations have the same problem and spend lots of goods and services to keep their currencies from busting. Provided, however, they keep things going without problems the house will win regardless of who bets on what.
If you are skeptical of this "value" of bitcoin consider the following sociology proverb. An idea, if held by people such that behavior of those people has an actual physical on others or things that idea has effectively become a reality. This is called the "Thomas theorem" in sociology.
In Economic theory you can consider money a "tangible reference." It refers to things that are real. IOUs are kind of like money because if "I owe you one apple" is written down by you, and handed to me, I'll be able to claim a real goddamned apple from you at some point. I could even take you to court if you decide to default on your IOU and get it that way. Money is a more open-ended IOU. It refers not to an apple owed by one person to me, but by everyone willing to sell apples to me. Someone with massive stashes of money knows well that society, in a way, "owes" him or her almost anything imaginable that can be sold. That person, however, knows he will pay different amounts of "IOUs" back to people for a good that is very very difficult to come by. ((I'm going to reference Shawshank Redemption here, please forgive me if you haven't seen/read it.)) Take Red from Shawshank redemption charging all those valuable cigarettes for the small tool that Andy needed. It wasn't cheap, but in that small world of prison, getting a tool to tunnel out of prison costs a life savings. Take Brooks, the old man who only wanted to be with his crow and give books to the other prisoners. I bet brooks would have traded anything he owned to get back INTO prison. Different people have different desires, needs, and taste. This is why Stocks are volatile at times. Corn today, apples tomorrow, and then apple tomorrow (apple computer stock). The same holds true with currencies. Some people will pay a lot of money for a coin struck by ancient rome or egypt. Perhapts that coin was worth only a pint of wine, but today its worth a thousand bottles of fine red from France's best vineyards.
Money doesn't degrade quickly, and online money never degrades. I'm talking about the physical failure of money, when a coin breaks, or becomes so worn down it can't be distinguished from copper or nickel ore stone. Many of ancient coins were lost to degradation. I bet, however, if you check your diablo II account on that old computer you still have all the money you had when you left it.
This is the true value of satoshis. While corn, if left in savings, will rot, satoshis and bitcoins will not. Saving bitcoin isn't a joke or a lofty "gamble" its a huge investment into tomorrow and it has already begun to pay off.
Say, for example, George crafts and delivers a pizza and is paid in 20 USD on dec 2011. George goes home and puts that 20 dollars away. In 2013 George decides to buy a pizza. Fortunately for George, the pizza only costs 20 USD. What happened? something very special. George may have given and received one pizza, but when he put that money he received away he placed it into Savings. His savings account was the bitcoin currency. George could have chosen many many other currencies but he decided on bitcoin. Now George can buy pizzas all year without even touching his income he makes now. The best part about George's new fortune is that he won't have to deal with a bank taking their share every month, he won't even have to spend gas or energy to get to the bank, he only has to use his home pc.
This is precisely what the initial exchangers of bitcoin (provided they didn't sell immediately) experienced and that experience will not likely be forgotten. Their friends, family, and acquaintances will have heard of their own type of "pizza trading" tales. When they consider dumping all their bitcoins they may reconsider, and save a few. This, in spite of any bubbles of crashes is why bitcoin will hold strong. It may even hold strong at 20 or 40 or 100 USD/btc, but it won't die because old school investors will not sell below a prices that surpases what they paid. Bitcoin is the only money to increase in relative value as quickly as it has in history to date! It has done so in one special way, it is accepted worldwide by any merchant abroad willing to trade with you. They are very much like the banans AND eggs on those islands in my first example. Bitcoins are the fish, oil, cars, and donuts found around the world, they need only nominated (as a nominal currency) as such.
Bitcoin is an idea, but also a reality.
@_date: 2013-11-22 13:29:14
Let me check it I may have accidentally cut the end off of it when copying it
@_date: 2013-12-22 10:29:07
tl:dr The mentality of bitcoin has changed globally, and the useful qualities of digital currency are becoming apparent. They will never "bottom out" below their prices in 2011 because of old-exchanger mentality. because their weight is so tiny its nearly impossible to really account. A satoshi is worth more than its weight in lbs because it weighs nothing. It costs nothing to carry, and is not cumbersome to anybody saving it. The people actually capable of losing on bitcoin are band-wagoners who invest heavily during a peak and sell after a dip.
@_date: 2013-11-22 13:32:56
As I thought I chopped the last symbol off.
