@_author: mtbung
@_date: 2019-11-24 14:01:23
Just download cashapp or some other popular phone app and purchase it. The way you worded your post is just asking to get scammed.
@_date: 2019-11-05 08:30:56
Did Cashapp decide to start tacking on a purchase fee overnight?
@_date: 2019-11-04 11:27:15
I'm an observer to this conversation who has admittedly not done much homework on the subject until recently. Could you provide some elaborations on your points?
1. I'm aware that all signs are currently pointing to a recession, but how serious is it looking? How much more damage would the ensued price inflation and mass bailouts cause if they were to happen?
3. I used to think that no government would do this until the value of bitcoin has reached a more stable level. Then I reached the paradox that mass adoption would increase the value even more and the volatility would start all over again. While I believe the chances of a government adopting it are more and more likely I'm worried about worldwide adoption. I may be getting a bit carried away here but I don't think the current system would want to lose it's power so easily, would there be a chance of a cold war type scenario between countries supporting different currencies?
5. Sure it wouldn't lose to a meaningless alt, but what about a meaningful one? For example Ethereum stood for an equally grand purpose, albiet the smart contract system being flawed. What about bitcoin makes it so there can't be a superior crypto in the future?
@_date: 2019-11-01 18:11:27
The price of Bitcoin goes up based on there being more demand compared to supply. A hodler keeping their coin out of circulation serves as a decrease to supply, thus it actually contributes to the raising of bitcoin's value, provided there's still enough demand.
@_date: 2019-10-15 13:16:00
Buying- Yes.
Mining- For the most part no, any profitable mine uses really expensive and loud industrial equipment.
You can however do it for a loss. Buying a cheap miner and using it to simply learn how stuff works is fun as long as you accept you're that not making any money.
You can also cloudmine on a gaming computer for minimal rewards. However no PC these days will make more profit than the cost of electricity to run everything constantly. Unless you get free electricty or live in a solar powered home, you'd still be losing money.
@_date: 2019-12-05 02:31:27
Don't let the others discourage you. If it's working and you're making a profit, that's a win. Just be careful of the risks and day trade in moderation. I personally think the adaptable daytrade/hodl hybrid is a good model for making "safe" short term profits.
People try to scare traders away by saying they'll only lose money, which is true if they panic sell, alot of people do this because well, they're day traders, their specific strategy is to buy and sell on the same day even for losses, just to get their invested money back. Alternate between day trading when profitable and hodling when the price dips lower than your break even price. Once you're in the red, stop day trading and DCA accumulate to slowly lower your break even point. When the price rises above, resume your day trading. I know that a strategy requiring this level of patience defeats the purpose to some day traders, but in a market this volatile, I'd prefer adapting to the flow than stubbornly sticking to one plan.
With this method you don't lose money unless the entire market dies. The only thing you lose is perhaps potential bitcoin that you didn't hodl before a huge bullrun.
@_date: 2019-12-02 01:08:23


It's possible if the demand gets lowered as well. Though I find it unlikely.