@_author: mtg_leviathan
@_date: 2017-11-13 15:36:10
Oh wow I've missed so much of this.
What dev's have been killed/incapacitated?
Which admin rights were hijacked and what Zero days have been used?
They sound interesting to say the least.
@_date: 2017-10-12 11:48:33
South Sea Bubble. 
@_date: 2017-10-12 14:37:44
Yes, massive inflation without actual tangible reasons for changes in the market and blatantly obvious market manipulation (3k Buyout as a prime example) has only ever lead to good things economically.
Margin trading bitcoins has had more success for me than just direct holding. Other than speculation what tangible reasons do you suggest for the recent 5k influx? The only thing that really comes to mind is lack of expected effect on the market from China's closing of exchanges.
I would go more in depth as well as detail the historical context of my comparison to the South Sea Bubble, but I'm currently in university and have a tutorial in an hour so I'll get around to that when I have the time as I have to dash for now.
@_date: 2017-10-12 21:41:10
Excusing your assholery I know what bitcoin is used for, I've been using it since silkroad 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, Abraxas, Agora Etc etc.
However if you pull that head out of your arse so you can see the sun for a second you will understand that you've been able to buy drugs on the darknet since bitcoin started so unless a new huge market place is has opened up (In which case enlighten me, I've been away for a month with university starting.) then there's only vague and guess like reasons for this boom other than market manipulation.
Assuming you're smart enough to even go to university you may want to sign up to a basic economics course, especially when you realize that any upcoming major players in the dark net markets will likely expand to more than just Bitcoin, which will affect price (Shock horror I know.)
@_date: 2017-10-14 10:23:15
I see you're still as dense as a rock.
Everyone knows about bitcoin here buddy. This may shock you but, you can have bitcoin, trade in them, and still understand a bubble when you see it.
If you believe that everyone who doesn't believe every single rise every is a big perma fix doesn't have bitcoins or trade in them then you're an idiot.
If you don't understand the 3k Buyout that happened recently, basic tenets of economics or how the market is influenced then it's probably best to just return to your edgy teen circle jerk.
