@_author: mtgoxincompetentorno
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:59:50
scala is much faster than php.
And why? because php is not even a toy, it is an absolute disgrace. Im sorry but if you dont even know that php cannot be considered serious then im not sure what we will accomplish here, but if you search a little you will find out that php is so god awfully buggy and poorly designed that it does everything it possibly can to lead to bugs, unrealiability and other errors that goes unnoticed. If you base anything as "serious" as an exchange on it, you are certifiably insane, and needs the newest brain chemistry altering drugs.
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:54:50
most people dont think of the longterm, think about this, every time someone makes a moderate sell order, huge lag ensues, and people MASS sell, it dips lots down, and goes up again. Every time this happens, gox gets their comission.
That is of course not to say they are doing it on purpose, one should always consider stupidity first.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:11:37
Uhm, _ANY_ language can be used as a "web" language.
You can use C, C++, Java, and it is so much faster that it cannot even be compared.
And please, separate the notion of language and framework.
and im not only talking about the mtgox web portal, but also the actual trading engine, which could easily have been written in java or c++, or other languages that are proper.
since you wanted speed, lets see:
C: 23sec
C++: 24sec
Java: 27sec
Scala: 52sec
php: 23min
C: 16sec
c++: 28sec
java: 23sec
php: 11min
C: 11sec
c++: 20sec
java: 23sec
PHP: 12min
Okay now... And this is just speed, there are many more things to consider.
And yes, ruby is also abominably slow, but it is atleast more of a proper language. however, i think using traditional languages here makes more sense, the numbers also backs it up. How do you think ebay handles their load? what about real stock exchanges?
Again, what is your background into this?
@_date: 2013-04-13 15:09:13
About bitcoin24, yes, its written in php, and look at what that resulted in, and what type of person did it. This is a person without any qualifications whatsoever in doing this, he is asking on stackoverflow things which shows an utter lack of any understanding of databases, concurrency, currency, datatypes, rounding, basically ANY things that he would need to do this in a sane manner. Add further injury he chose a language that will stab him in the back at every oppertunity.
And yes, an exchange could easily be prototyped in a night. Consider how simple it is, all you must do is log orders, match compatible orders, apply comissions/whatever, and log them.
Im pretty sure there are people in various highschool/uni introduction classes that has done more complicated stuff in a couple of hours.
Sure, you need a little time to make it production ready and such, but dont kid yourself, this is not a huge task, and mtgox certainly had time and resources to do it.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:15:25
Then think about what their service is, how its offered, how they used to be offered, and how much easier it is these days.
And what do you call a company that doesnt ensure their ability to function if they get more business? especially considering the extreme ease which it can be done here. This is not a matter of a couple of guys painting houses, such services can only paint X houses. This is something where you can very easily scale, if you have problems with the code, you can hire expert help from a number of places, and they had MONTHS to be ready.
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:52:12
what is your background? compsci?
SSDs can provide very high amount of transactions pr second, but you are right, even oldschool spinning metal is fast enough for this.
Reliability is ensured by simply using proper transactions in your system, something which i doubt mtgox does though, but thats another matter.
I dont know what kind of pixiedust magic you think gox is doing, but it is really no different than what any kind of web application does, and it is very simple, and if done with any kind of competence, very fast.
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:53:29
Well see i dont, but if they do, that simply shows how they are incompetent.
Furthermore, even if it was written in php it could be made to scale to this load. And given how simple it is, maybe mt gox could have spend some of the many months they've been in operation rewriting it?
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:48:25
SIMPLER?! wordpress is many orders of magnitudes more complicated, is written in a language that has a baseline of 1000 times slower than anything "real", with many additional factors.
The fact that they have to be "careful" is a very manual concept, when they code is wrote, its written, and transactional integrity etc is extremely fast with even modest and cheap hardware.
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:56:03
Haha my point exactly.
I could in 1 week write a trading engine that is far superior to mtgox can could scale easily to the load they are experiencing. Add 1-2 weeks more and it could be made to scale automatically on amazon or similar.
Now with the funds mtgox has, they could simply hire a team of consultants in an emergency to make this happen. Yet they dont.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:19:28
Its slightly more complicated than this, since they must also have assurance their transactions reaches persistant storage, but with these amount of trades we know for a fact it can be done without any issues, and as for not causing db load on the lots of people asking for data, this can simply be put in memory and read out without any load.
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:24:30
Hello mt gox, please comment on this:
how come an automated system like gox can not even outperform manual exchanges of the past?
please stop sucking so much and hire some consultants.
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:46:32
No, but even so, the databases can easily handle this on just a single system,  consider what an array of SSD's can do, and with the relatively low amount of orders in the book they can cache this ENTIRELY IN RAM.
Think again about the relatively low volume this is, just think, there is nothing that justifies this kind of performance issues.
again, the ONLY thing that can be justified is network issues due to DDOS, but clearly that was not what they claim happened the day it all fucked up "due to their success".
and then please, think about when they did all this MANUALLY.
no matter how insanely slow and old computers they use, it is a great deal faster than what 100 trade employees could do at a stock exchange in the old days, no?
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:36:19
there is a huge difference between wordpress and this, and yes, things like disk IO for ACID compliance plays a huge part, but please, think for a little, a consumer SSD today can do many thousands I/O operations pr second, enterprise hardware which is by no means expensive can do orders of magnitudes more.
Try ask _ANY_ person with any kind of background in computer science, and he/she will promply tell you that gox's load is a joke.
About the only thing that really can be excused is DDOS with obscene amounts of bandwidth being stolen, but this does not excuse the actual trading engine.
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:46:56
Java is used by a great deal of sites, especially in the financial world, and frankly, so is c++(though not as much as java)
As for rewriting the trading engine, do you realize how simple a trading engine is? it can be rewritten as a rough prototype in an evening, and over a week made very nice, especially for a small team. This cost would have been peanuts in comparisin to their profits, so i would call it criminally negligent not doing it.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:16:58
agreed, but that requires longterm thinking.
Its not much different than those people taking SMS loans with 300% yearly interest, and pay it back next week when they get their salary, simply because they must have something right now, instead of waiting a week. Had they waited they would save lots of money, and not be in such a circumstance in the future. Yet they dont.