@_author: mtgoxfiredme
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:46:06
Sorry, this is just too much. Everyone keeps tell me I am a fake and they need proof. I am not going to post my personal ID details on a public forum to proof that I worked for a 'busted' company. I opened this thread to answer your (possible) questions about customer support, but apparently that is not possible. 
It was a bad idea to open this thread. I won't reply to any messages anymore. It is, apparently, not appreciated. I should have listened to my friends. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:19:56
Hello, 
Thank you for your message. What kind of proof do you need? Proof for what? That I got fired, or that I was an employee? 
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:37:49
Well, thank you.. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:29:51
I didn't delete their twitter history. It was not done by customer support, but by 'real' MtGox staff as far as we know. They called a friend who told us to stop replying to the twitter messages. He said that we would receive a new reply protocol (we had a standard protocol, so all twitter messages look the same), we never received it. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:42:10
The reason for delaying verification process was to 'index' all the documents. All documents were saved (done by a different group), the verification process itself didn't really take long. There was a massive amount of new customers, so they told us to tell everyone more time was needed. Sometimes, we had to ask for additional information (which was probably already provided, we didn't know if it was or not, as we didn't have access to the customer's full submissions, it was just 'random', to make it look like they were working on it). 
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:25:53
Believe me, there isn't much that only 'I' could know. It is not like we were part of the company (just support). We have/had absolutely no idea of MtGox's financial status, that is/was not something that was discussed with us. We know as much as you guys about what will happen 'next'. 
We are still waiting for our final check. But the purpose of this thread was to inform you about what was going on in the customer support department. I know people have experienced a lot of issues/delays during the verification process, and we know (partially) why this was. 
So if you're looking for information about MtGox's financial status or future plans, I am sorry, but I can't help you with that. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:35:36
No, read my post again please. We were not located at MtGox Japan, we were hired because they needed employees who speak multiple languages. I speak English, Dutch and German, and that's why I was hired. We were not direct employees, but part of an 'outsourcing' like company. MtGox contacted them with their wishes, we were linked to that company, and that's how we got to 'work' for MtGox.
Again; we don't/didn't know much about MtGox's financial status and real company business. We were hired to reply to twitter messages &amp; verification status messages, which was a standard message (according to a protocol). 
It was mainly because of the verification process. A lot of documents were not in the English language (for example from Dutch &amp; German customers), so they needed people who understood it. 
I mainly opened this thread to reply to questions related to MtGox's customer support. That's all there is, I am not going to 'reveal' exciting information which will shake the bitcoin world, as we don't know any 'exciting' information.
I just thought people might be interested in how their customer support worked, but I think I was wrong.