@_author: mtl7oa78npftaob5
@_date: 2014-12-20 22:24:50
That would be the first way we would do it. 
Edit: I am in no way saying that we will be doing this, rather I am giving my personal opinion that WMT would need to incorporate a method for processing the payment into USD rather than holding it in BTC. 
@_date: 2014-12-21 05:33:11
I'm going to shameless rip some of this verbiage for my conversations. I think the idea of escrow services is spot on, and if you've paid attention to recent Walmart news you'll know that we're really big into providing services for the underbanked right now. 
@_date: 2014-12-20 20:23:41
I'm not in International Finance, so I can't give you an authoritative answer, but I'm pretty sure remittance is the personal transferring of a person's income back to a country of origin. It is essentially a person to person transfer, and payment of wages on Walmart's part is not remittance. 
The best thing Walmart could do would be to provide Bitcoin transfer services to our customers/associates at our Money Center departments in our stores. But in terms of paying workers in coin, I think we are constrained by government policy, and remittance is a personal decision. 
Edit: forgot a
@_date: 2014-12-21 01:04:17
I don't know how many pay by check, but I do know that payment method is dying. Right now we process more debit card payments than any other payment method. That tells you something about our customers, in that many if them don't even have credit cards.
I think, and I've said this elsewhere in the thread, Walmart will first get its feet wet in bitcoin by using a processor that automates the settlement of the transaction into USD, but once BTC becomes more popular, who knows what we'll do.
I hate to say it, but Walmart doesn't need bitcoin to draw customers.
Also, I disagree that being a first mover in the game of accepting has as much value as some of the people are suggesting. Sure, those diehard BTC proponents in this thread will likely have strong loyalty to the first movers for taking a chance, but those early adopters aren't WMT's core customer base anyways (sorry).
@_date: 2014-12-20 21:06:46
Let's do some napkin calculations. Total USD value of bitcoin transactions is about $50 M per day. If we are generous and say the 10% of all that traffic goes to Walmart, you are talking about $5 M / day, or about $1.8 B / yr. That's a big number, but you have to remember that WMT is a $470 B company. 
So you are now talking about what could at best replace 0.4% of our typical revenue, and that's if WMT takes over 10% of all BTC transactions.
While I like your idea and am upvoting it, the effect would be immaterial to Walmart.
Edit: and we have to weigh the costs of accepting bitcoin (administrative, conversion, liquidity, technological implementation, support, etc.) against the benefits.
@_date: 2014-12-21 03:30:32
I don't know off hand. You asking that question makes me wonder also. I'll find out and let you know an approximate amount. Credit cards really do constitute a much smaller amount of our payments than you would think (the plurality of our customers don't use credit cards). Charge backs would be even smaller.
@_date: 2014-12-21 00:31:50
If a few companies adopted it, you would see a drastic rise in the liquidity value of bitcoin, and transaction volume would go up considerably. The price if bitcoin would rise at least temporarily, but this increase in price would be offset by the velocity of the currency.
Will Walmart dive in? Maybe. But you certainly shouldn't look at us as a leader on this issue. As much as I would personally like the company to say "what the heck"  and jump in, that is probably not a priority for our shareholders. If we were a startup tech company, our shareholders would probably more supportive of a "what the heck" gambit.
The "optionally paying our employees with bitcoin" is a good idea, and I'll ask our compensation team about what that would look like. **I love bitcoin, but I wouldn't accept my salary in that currency. Sure, I could buy stuff from Walmart, but I couldn't pay my mortgage with it.** This is that critical mass problem you mentioned.
I'm sure that whenever Walmart does get into bitcoin (it's just a matter of time, in my opinion), there will be significant excitement for the company that will be partners in it.
@_date: 2014-12-20 19:52:47
You are right that Walmart wields considerable purchasing power, but having our suppliers do something they are reluctant to do increases the costs of doing business with them. All we would be doing would be burdening a supplier with the bitcoin conversion costs instead of ourselves.
Right or wrong, our business model is based on EDLC (every day low costs) and we work to eliminate costs in all of our systems, even the costs of our suppliers. For example, I am forbidden by corporate policy from accepting any gift from any supplier. If I am at a supplier's office and they buy a bottled water from the vending machine, I cannot accept it. I must reimburse them the cost or buy one myself. I cannot accept gift baskets during holiday season. This is because the cost of those gifts will ultimately get baked into the costs of the products we are providing to our customers, which goes against our mission.
The only way that transacting in bitcoin is useful is if *both parties* value bitcoin. If our suppliers don't *want* payment in bitcoin, then forcing them to accept it will only increase costs. 
@_date: 2014-12-20 20:40:13
That's a good description. 
@_date: 2014-12-21 01:06:22
It would be easier to implement savings for debit cards before bitcoin. And our customers would value that far more than bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-20 22:24:40
That would be the first way we would do it.
Edit: I am in no way saying that we will be doing this, rather I am giving my personal opinion that WMT would need to incorporate a method for processing the payment into USD rather than holding it in BTC. 
@_date: 2014-12-20 19:12:26
Throw away account here.
I am a senior associate in Walmart corporate finance and big time supporter of Bitcoin. I literally just had this "when are we going to accept bitcoin" conversation with our Treasury team. The Walmart technology division is filled with techie people that are all interested in Bitcoin and ready to develop the POS bitcoin acceptance systems.
Someone else in this thread hit the nail on the head: who is Walmart's customer? Well, she (yes, we consider our average customer a female and refer to her that way) is middle income, and in no way is technically inclined. Let's be honest, as of right now, most people don't understand bitcoin (what's the block chain? How do I keep my coins safe? Etc.) Walmart's customer isn't familiar enough with bitcoin to make it worth Walmart's time to accept this form of payment. 
And then the Treasury team has to figure out what to do with those coins. We can't pay wages with them, and our major partners don't accept them as payment. What do we do with them? We'd have to convert them back to cash to settle our debts. So the idea that WMT can offer a discount to bitcoin customers is ridiculous.
As much as I love bitcoin, and as much as it's technically feasible (like I said, ISD is filled with technologists that love bitcoin and are ready to program our POS to accept it), there is no benefit to Walmart to take it on right now. 
Sorry. 
@_date: 2014-12-21 01:38:43
Walmart is not constrained to one currency. The question was about paying the wages of foreign workers, in which case we are legally required to collect relevant taxes and record income in particular currencies.
Walmart already transacts in many different currencies. We are a global company operating in 27 countries. 
@_date: 2014-12-20 21:23:32
Fair enough. I was just trying to describe why we are not accepting BTC right now.
@_date: 2014-12-21 01:42:16
There's a chance. Not a good one though. You would see us accepting bitcoin before you would ever see something like this. Why would we offer to process an exchange into a currency we wouldn't accept? We aren't an exchange. 