@_author: mtstruggle
@_date: 2018-10-20 06:25:21
Um okay.  i would like gifts also.....
i mean, who doesnt like a gift right?
@_date: 2018-10-20 07:04:21
no the to fuck? 
good use of your time big dog.  IDK why the (seemingly) hostility. but have a good night. 
@_date: 2018-10-20 07:41:00
seriously? pass judgment much? im not a spammer. ive had this account for much longer than your 3 months and i posted this to applicable threads because i have seen others looking for an LBC account in good standing recently.. not just anywhere i could enter text. 
I also might add that after looking at your post history its full of incredibly rude unnecessary remarks to people passing judgment like you are the end all be all of the world and your attitude reeks of how you prob feel like you are better than everyone. 
im sorry your highness,  please forgive me if i dont bow and scrape to youre hateful, obviously meaningless and absent of joy pathetic little life.. 
furthermore, my kratom addiction? IDK where you get the idea of me having a kratom addiction off talking about an LBC account. . all i did was put it out there that i have an LBC account i dont need anymore because i have no use for it and have seen some people around looking to buy or trade whatever for one for what ever reasons. 
 there are three types of redditors in my oppinon... people that read and dont post, people that post and help others, and people like you that post to just project any kind of negativity they can to what i assume is an effort to end or make your own self loathing less of a burden on your self. 
I feel really sorry for you that you are  so unhappy in your life that you have to project that hatred onto others. you must just be the best person to be around... 
so go read a few more posts and pass more judgment and leave some more hateful comments. 
take care and i hope happiness finds you cause you obviously need it. I hope things work out for you ultimately my dude and i wont/dont take it personal that you projected your unhappiness onto me cause it seems you do that with every thread you comment on and prob every person you meet in life regardless of it being a stranger or loved one.. 
again.... TAKE CARE. 
@_date: 2018-10-20 06:28:50
fair enough.  gotta give a lil to get a lil right?
@_date: 2018-10-20 08:09:36
all you did by posting on some of my previous threads i have made is further prove what i said was true. 
haters gonna hate, trollers gonna troll. get to it lil man. 