@_author: mudduckk
@_date: 2014-07-13 21:02:41
Hes here all week folks. Dont forget to tip your waitress. Shes a trader too.
@_date: 2014-07-13 17:08:17
Wow! That reply takes the cake.
@_date: 2014-07-13 16:47:12
Then why no growth in BTC shorts? If what you say is true and traders believed record longs to be vulnerable, then why not short? 
@_date: 2014-07-09 00:27:37
Liberty Blitzkreig = Info Wars?
Time to come out of Plato's Cave.
@_date: 2014-07-13 23:46:14
Bravo. You must really love the weather forecaster.
@_date: 2014-07-13 21:16:23
I swing trade. I position size for risk, so the amount varies but the amount I am willing to lose does not vary. Id rather not say amt of $ or BTC I move.
@_date: 2014-06-28 11:20:23
Dont nuke dads hard drive
@_date: 2014-07-13 22:19:57
You are late. Others beat you to that suggestion. 
Perhaps you can add something more, like why it is inappropriate to add this to the I am most interested to know how it harms the collective conscious, and why you feel the need to protect it.
@_date: 2014-12-27 19:03:28
Inflation is over as soon as GDP exceeds growth in BTC supply.
@_date: 2014-08-26 00:47:02
Not saying I have bad banking experience. I got gerat credit and a fat balance sheet. And i,ll take the cynic title thank you very much. 
I am not a fan of the TBTF system, moral hazard what not. If you are a fan of the movie the Matrix, and the Wizard of Oz you may find these useful allegories for TBTF, and our debt money system. 
The calculus of debt money as the limit of time approaches infinity is impoverishment of the many for the benefit of the few. Its a debt vortex. And that is just plain wrong.  Infinity in the history of reserve currencies is at best 100 years. And We are at the outer limit of the dollar's reign. 
And then you mix in politics and perverse incentives at the end of money and well it is no wonder Germans were duped into exterminating Jews at the behest of Hitler. 
TBTF as a policy is our historical times Manifest Destistiny. If you recall that policy where we exterminated Native Americans without conscince because after all they were Savages. So in TBTF we demonize terroists and extremists, and well we should demonize Osama etc., its just that the word terrorist begins to creep into naming otherwise good people of conscience who are resisting the political status quo. To paraphrase Barry Goldwater, "One (a US Citizen) need not be ashamed of being extremist when asserting their Constitutional rights."
And so...It is not hard to see the escalating continuum when you account for the Patriot Act, Indefintite Detention of the Citizenry, and IRS targeting of so called Patriot Groups, Pro Gun Grabber Media, NSA snooping on law abiding citizens, and the seemingly mutually exclusive ideologies of conservatives and liberals. I weep for the world we are leaving our children. Believe me when I say the balance of power swings back to Republicans (not conservatives) all the unconstitutional BS the present admin did will come back to dems in spades - and so the downward spiral goes.
We cant really get along so long as there are two types of people; those that want to be left alone, and those that wont leave you alone. And the latter are running the show, because naturally they want power over others. Only the Constitution can save us, because that is what it was designed to do. There was a time when the left alones held the moral high ground. It was a time when if people did not work; they did not eat. People were humble hard working and honest. Now people are knowitalls lazy and corrupt.
A return to soveriegn money (a Constitutional provision) I believe would help heal the situation, because it constrains the governments ability to borrow with impunity and it diminishes the role of banking to that of serving consumers in lieu of crowning the masters of the universe at the expense of savers. And it forces those on the margins to expect more from themselves and less from their government - and they can acctually do it cuz they are not getting raped by currency debasement, the most invisable and most regressive of all taxes.
Departing from Debt Money is not without prescedent in the US. After all the Fed Reserve is the third such Central Bank of the US. Andrew Jackson, a Democrat President, is quoted referring to the central banking cabal of his time as a "Pit of Vipers" and that he would "Rout them out". Jackson was aware of the Matrix like Neo.
And so once you understand these things like Neo and Jackson, you dont want to get plugged back into the matrix. You want to do as much as possible to hedge yourself out of the system. In the meantime I have no problem taking the bank's money, but I really have no intention of paying it back when the currency goes to shit. That my freind is not my peoblem. I was born free but forced to transact in a slaves money, and forced to support a whole host of ponzi social programs I never voted for. Heck with that.
Im not sure how all this sits with you but if you want to take the red pill I suggest Rennaisance 2.0 by Damon Vrabel. Vrable is a West Point grad, vet, Harvard Masters, Banker insider come therapist to inner city kids because he saw the system from the inside out, and he had conscience enough to suffer the consequences of career risk by doing what mattered. Check out that and his 6 part series on the Empire of Money.
I dont really want to debate anything I said above. I say these things because they are the truth as I see it. I say these things because they might help you see the Matrix for what it is, or as Damon calls it the Vortex. Helping you can help you do what you can to protect those you love. And of course, Helping you helps me.
Thank you for reading this if you did. And if you did, then you care. So take care my friend.
@_date: 2014-07-13 20:59:57
Good point.
@_date: 2014-07-13 21:32:38
True, markets swing on sentiment; however, sentiment alone connot be trusted. Rather markets remain irrational longer than you can stay solvent. 
I am aware of the risk of a cascading margin call on the BFX. I think it is under control. If BFX were stressed, the price would trade at a discount. Like it did when we dipped to 522. I think its overblown. 
@_date: 2014-03-15 21:53:12
No. They allocate BTC swaps to your short. The borrowing cost of which is decided by those willing pledge their BTC in the swap market. Price of swaps thus determined by supply/demand. 
@_date: 2014-08-16 14:22:16
Everyone is some one's dummy. Including you.
@_date: 2014-12-06 06:38:32
Democracy: three wolves two sheep deciding what's for dinner.
@_date: 2014-03-17 23:46:40
I am fat. Her name is Lisa McGrath Goodman, the so called *journalista* who got the byline on the dubious cover-story for the Newsweek relaunch.
I can fix being fat; She can't fix her dubious place history.
@_date: 2014-03-14 05:23:55
Austrians foretell of the "Crack-up-Boom"
Greshams law: Good money chases out bad money, and bad money chases out good.
If you believe in a free market at some level, and you believe that US Fed Reserve Note Hegemony is bad policy, then Bitcoin offers the disruptive case of good money to trump the bad dollar.
On its face, BTC appears deflationary because of the fixed supply, though it is set to grow much like gold supply over the  foreseeable future. But it is not so deflationary in its divisibility up to eight decimal places. Watch as the supply tightens with increased demand that even the Satoshi will matter.
So let the dollar float vs BTC. See which is better. If you are a saver, an investor. The choice is clear while watching the dollar approach its notional value in BTU. And the world needs savers and investors while its reserve currency fades to black. 
And the savers ought be free from molestation from the spenders. If I clean a toilet today for value, because I am able and willing, I want to tuck some away and know that when I am no longer able, I can pay another to do it for me. 
Is this not too much to ask? I work to hard cleaning toilets. It is demeaning in today's value system as it is, so the final insult would be that my labor while I am young amounts to naught a toilet cleaning because of the cacophony of central policy makers squandering it on all sorts of nonsense all in a struggle for power that has very little to do with me other than regarding me as slave to debts in which I had no say.
And the world needs investors too. And they should be free from molestation as well. Such that when the power of dollar hegemony becomes as meaningless as the note itself, so people of meaningful purpose can step forward with strength and capital to do the important work that needs doing; fulfilling wants and needs of their fellows.
Free markets allow for failure of the weak hand so that the strong may pick up the pieces of the weak and put them to good use. We all benefit from the strong prevailing. It gets a bad rap though, so we cast ourselves deeper into bailouts, deeper into dollar hegemeony, deeper into debt slavery. It seems we prefer the devil we know, rent seekers, vs the unknown devil of dollar implosion at the feet of BTC's.
Dollar implosion at the feet of better money is your Crack up Boom. It has less to do with the bad strong men taking control of this devil we know system, and more to do with the good toilet cleaners of the world, the little people, rising up out of bondage to rediscover that all work is honorable. That all work is worth doing, because doing so means making enough to lead a life worth living including a little saving. And indolent will not get paid. Rather they should get their arses out of bed to get some BTC, because they are worth getting.
And we all discover that banks do not need to be bailed out, because we don't really need them. They cease to be systemically important. The smartest among us stop trading dollar derivatives for them, and that whole rentier structure is torn away. And the politicians who defend the old structure are cast out like the "pit of vipers". In the new structure, Large public companies become less strong, and Small private companies become more strong. All because work is worth doing and saving is possible. So why drone for a behemoth when you can do well enough or better for yourself.
That my friends is what may come of saving in an environment of good money.
**TL;DR** ain't no economist, just a toilet cleaner who will work for BTC.
@_date: 2014-03-14 18:08:46
Let Bitcoin (gold 2.0) compete with dollars on its own merits.
That would be a help.
Think for a minute. About six million subprime borrowers endangered the stability of the global economy. Not that they are scape goats, I mean they did what they do, fail to pay. But rather they exposed the weakness of the system. It is ultra fragile. BTC is not fragile (Anotonopolis and Taleb).
The system is still just as fragile. And bailouts only reinforced unwanted behavior of the worst sort. No banker incarceration. Recorder bonuses for the financial class. Risks shifted from banks to sovereign. The people were once unaware but now are quite aware, and they are watching once free society is slip deeper into some collectivised fascism.
Considering the fragility and the perversity,  we the people could take it down without a shot fired. If 6M subprimes could do it, then 6M law abiding mortgage payers could do the  same. (About 10% of mortgagees) All they would have to do is collectivize (ostensibly via social media) and agree to a pair trade; short mortgage payments and go long physical gold.
As we have seen before, this would crash the housing market and so go the debt markets along with it. It would be a defacto wealth tax on the...wealthy, not an unpopular idea.
But what we have yet to see is the rapid repricing of real physical gold (FOFA). It is well known that we are unable to fulfill Germany's physical gold delivery request. Physical stores are slim, less than 60M oz on hand. So if 6M prime mortgage payers staged a walkout and escrowed their payment in physical, how long could the banker class hold out? And would they flinch to show their fascist hold over the deep state?
At the end of this grassroots social experiment, the pair trade, if successful, could be closed out by settling the mortgage with but a few oz gold. And what could be better for America then 6M more unindentured homeowners?
Bitcoin holds this promise in much the same way, but without all the drama of a mortgage walk out/gold hoarding. If you let its promise come to fruition. It renders banks less important. It rewards the early adopters, idealists many, enthusiasts to be sure, fruits of freedom, and diminishes the role of banks and the fascist sway over public policy. It puts economic power into the hands of good people, law abiding, hard working people. People who do not deserved to get ripped off.
Just defend its right to compete on the playing field of ideas. 
@_date: 2014-07-13 21:12:47
I can understand indifference, but this... hate can only be understood as love gone cold. Pity.
@_date: 2014-07-13 15:38:36
@_date: 2014-06-02 10:18:34
Ref the Takings Clause of 5th Ammendment: Private property shall not be taken without just compensation.
Hence taxes are voluntary. 
But try and not pay. You will soon loose many privledges: access to the banking system seems tops on the list.
.gov is not without recourse. Land, Private property, taken for highway construction via condemnation and eminent domain.
And then theres Kelo vs City of New Haven: Kelo loses home to private devloper building a complex for Pfizer. City motive: a higher tax use possible w/ Pfizer as compared to Kelo, a humble homeowner on fixed income.
@_date: 2014-06-05 02:31:00
Omg. Back in the day, some parents would flip if you told them you were gay. Look she'll come around, but dont waste your energy trying to evangelize her. shes got a tough job. Shes got you for a kid. Highly curious and innovative. You love her and she loves you. But you prolly wear her out. Give her a break.
@_date: 2014-06-28 16:19:28
@_date: 2014-07-13 22:11:44
The bull move up from 460 has never breached the 50DMA. price action tagged the 50DMA at 522mid june, 560 june 26 and couple days ago at 608.
Tale if two markets: Irrational bubble butts bought the breakout at 460 and levered all the way up to 685 where upon they met resistance and ran out of margin. Meanwhile seasoned traders see the bull and buy the 50DMA for cost effective entries.
On the short term, right now we could be going down to test the 50 again. (Now at 617) buy walls at low 620's. Do the bears have the coins to sell through?  I highly doubt it.
No one is taking on short leverage. Sellers are just selling coins. Prolly miners and other people who need cash. They find support at the 50. Until they dont. But I dont think now is that time. Nor do you.
We shall see.
@_date: 2014-08-24 19:26:03
Cant we all just get along?
@_date: 2014-07-13 17:04:28
True that trading is not advised for everyone. And, Hodling is better for most. Self identifying as a trader is easy; being effective is hard. This is true regardless of the issue being traded. I like to share my analysis. Sharing helps me be an effective trader. Thx for your comment.
@_date: 2014-06-07 01:41:11
I am not surprised. It took off too fast. Price got ahead of support like the rabbit in a marathon. That lil run up to $680 was the rabbit. The rabbit got gassed.
Everybody thinks this run up is gonna go just like last time. But this time we have way more exchanges and some of them allow shorting. Bitfinex is among these marginable exchanges. You may have heard they just surpassed Bitstamp as the top exchange by volume over 30 days. 
So we have more liquidity, some of which gets allocated to disciplining over exuberent behavior. 
I can assure you the trend is up for now. It will go parabolic at some point, but the pace may be more mellow.
 At this point we do one of two things.
1. Side ways for about 3-5 days as the 20 day moving average rises up to this level.
2. Selloff till the margin shorts and longs come into better balance.
@_date: 2014-08-24 19:29:30
Banks dont lend. They promulgate banking regs. Sometimes this leads to prudent underwriting, ie loans. And some times in the sprit of social justice, they "loan" money which makes no sense. In otherwords they make a gift, a loan with no expectation for return of capital.
@_date: 2014-08-24 19:24:36
To be first mover into bitcoin, Sever all ties with state which cause said bank to comply with banking regulations. Operate at pure risk of bankruptcy. Put depositors at risk, no FDIC backup. Etc etc. Loan only to the creditworthy asking money for purely financial riskworthy projects. 
Pile up BTC reserves on the cheap. Staff up on Hackers. Make killer apps which help consumers. Create points of differentiation which so wholly distinguish the Bitcoin Bank mashup as way better than legacy fiat banking.
Dominate like Jobs. 
Put Legacy banking in the fucking hole like Blackberry. And send psycopathic psycophantic politicians with them.
In otherwords. OWN the game board. Unload BTC reserves at the top. 
Better a primary dealer bank do it or someone else will.
@_date: 2015-01-05 02:16:03
Buy that with bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-01-15 04:21:46
Matters not. Big or small. You have choices. You choose to view yourself as a victim; thus, entitled to your takings. Have them. Men of character choose courage. Too strong. Too proud. Too savy to be a victim. You are not such a man. You are a douche. 
What follows is a comment only a flusher of womens' vaginas could compose.
@_date: 2015-01-03 00:49:12
Not taking it the wrong way. I basically took out a mortgage to purchase the good will of clientele and followership of skilled tradesmen. I had to survive 2.5 years on no work '08-'10 then recover. Now I am in the cat bird seat having survived that and super low prices while economy turned around. I am now seeing scarcity of skilled trades as written about in WSJ etc. Translate into pricing power.
Not about to shut this down. No way no how.
@_date: 2015-01-09 03:43:38
This makes good sense. So why does the price not go to zero? You explain source of selling pressure. and that is fine, but what explains the support in the market, currently in the mid $200's?
@_date: 2015-01-19 02:27:21
IC. So the analytical take down of the IL pension funds, the rebuttal by the IL investment team, and then the subsequent admission of insolvency by the same IL team months after was just a shot in the dark. 
As for the article about banker deaths. That's called click bait. Ok have a sense of humor. 
Nobody who reads zero hedge takes Michael Snyder as heavy hitting. He's an Ok writer who runs a formulaic posting. Top ten this.... 32 reasons about that... He's Zero's Andy Rooney. You have been had Mr. Serious.
@_date: 2015-01-31 17:56:07
If after a long price rise you see the longs at all time high, it is a safe indication that the price will go down. Same in the opposite. Sell off over many days coupled with sharp rise in shorts; price likely to go up.
This is sentiment analysis: so market can remain irrational despite this situation above. It can continue to rise/fall; however, positions do need to be unwound eventually. It's the timing that is hard to get. Minding the interest rate and the swap stock vs flow can help a lot a pinpointing the turn. Note new swaps opened in last hour.
This is also the max pain principle. Market delivers pain to the maximum number of participants. Margin positions are meta; higher reward on boards risk of higher pain. So look to the longs and shorts to see which population can offer more pain on price action. Hint, it's usually the one nearest the all time high.
Conversely if the margin levels are low in the position you whish to to take; then it is safe to say you won't get burned. Often nimble traders will be going in and out of positions swiftly when margin low. Here again, mind the new swaps in last hour versus 24 net change. Do a quick turnover Calc to get an idea of normalized ratio versus outliers. A spike in the hourly can be useful in confirming your trade thesis.
@_date: 2015-01-14 23:28:04
As a mom and pop landlord. You sir or madam are a douche. 
@_date: 2015-01-02 19:18:05
Ok. I am looking to do smart contracts.
Investors give cash; get smart contract.
Smart contract gives shared participation in financial performance of project and return of capital at end of project.
@_date: 2015-01-14 23:29:13
I get it. Buy with BTC.
@_date: 2015-01-14 23:37:19
I'm from the IRS and I'm here to help. Sir please tell me how much you have made on this dubious endever.
You have three seconds to comply!
@_date: 2015-01-19 00:02:48
Never mind. You might try researching the # of articles that hit on key word "conspiracy fact". Issues they foretold weeks months and even years prior which at the time were considered conspiracy by MSM or softball blogs but later confirmed as fact. For instance the insolvency of IL pension funds.
They do or did hard hitting stuff. They take risk. Sometimes it's BS clickbait. Other times it's the real deal.
Or when they took the time to breakdown hypothecation and rehypothcation. Greek bonds and the significance between local law bonds and and UK law bonds and the affect these have on signaling the market.
I have read and continue to read Zerohedge, since 2008. I also read the WSJ, and NYT most everyday. Can honestly say it gives me a well rounded perspective. Many a time I have caught my well respected mainstream peers uninformed because they lacked subtle nuance offered by the hedge. Only to come back to me later to thank me for a tip or perspective.
@_date: 2015-01-15 02:24:05
No fuck you. Move. Or better yet buy your own, fix it up, rent it out. 
@_date: 2017-01-23 00:30:15
Is she Hawt? Or Crazy?
@_date: 2016-12-28 04:49:49
If this is true then shorts have lost the initiative vs steady demand vs limited supply. We shall see. LTD holder.
@_date: 2015-02-03 03:37:24
What he said.
@_date: 2015-02-28 20:38:27
Please. It also scorned the Irish, lynched the Italian, and so on. Everybody got a turn in the barrel. True we annihilated the Indians under dehumanizing label "savage". Today "terrorist" will be the code word. While aptly placed upon Islamic beheadders, the term will be broadened to include any one or any group who presents and existential threat to TPTB.