@_author: mufftrader
@_date: 2016-12-08 01:09:16
i dont think bitcoin should depart from its original design of a p2p cash. 
@_date: 2016-12-07 16:53:51
not just regulation...
"bitcoin hasn’t evolved quickly enough to support everyday financial activities." 
"When we founded Circle, we had a vision and belief that it was finally becoming possible for money to work the way the internet works. A big part of that was a long-term bet on blockchain and digital currency technology, which we thought held the potential to provide the missing layer of protocols needed for open value exchange."
@_date: 2016-12-08 02:11:37
this is true. 
@_date: 2016-12-05 21:43:45
and why are scores hidden? and threads sometimes ranked "controversial"?  and the moderator logs, why are they kept secret? this subs moderation is agenda driven i suspect 
@_date: 2016-12-05 21:39:07
it was unusable to those who had an opinion in conflict with the guys in control yes. 
@_date: 2016-12-08 19:08:04


could have something to do with the 76 mil blockstream has and will be trying to repay to investors. they have Greg as CTO and core devs on payroll. also according to their wiki they are "one of the largest contributors of funding for Bitcoin Core." their product is sidechains.. i have to assume their business would benefit diverting traffic to these sidechains. 
@_date: 2016-12-06 00:16:20


kidding aside you call a whole community "land of trolls" and their ideas "extremely stupid." this is the kind of nonsense and personal attacks that just leads to more division. maybe if we could properly discuss and critique other implementations the community could have a better chance at deciding the best solution! 


who are these experts and how can we be certain this group knows whats best for all parties involved? i think we should offer our ideas and let the market decide. this is what bitcoin is all about imo. 
@_date: 2016-12-06 15:27:17
you seem very heated, and i find it hard to believe you are judging this situation dispassionately, which is what we need to do to solve all this.. your just saying all my arguments are bullshit and that im spewing lies.. how are we supposed to get anywhere when you act like this? this seems more like the toxic community you describe. 
you're just calling the other implementation "crap" and not really explaining why. i think its good because it puts the blocksize limit in the hands of the free market, not in the hands of a central authority who thinks they know whats best. and you say bitcoin is fine and the limit isn't hurting.. idk im seeing a backlog happening a lot these days and many peoples transactions getting stuck. spam or not its still happening and its not good, especially when there are alternatives out there that can provide a cheaper and faster solution. we cant take bitcoins position as the dominant crypto for granted. demand is not totally inelastic and we cannot assume users will just absorb higher and higher fees when this tech has proven they don't have to.  
im not doing anything to block sw, the market just doesn't seem to want it. personally i think its over complicated and comes with a lot of unknowns. but i shouldn't say something like this because you will just say im spewing lies and disinformation. but you can say stuff like that right? of course you're right and im wrong on everything here. 
in regards to that company, you say its a bullshit narrative.. there's nothing bullshit about them seeking profits and hiring core devs.


who decides what is an altcoin client and what isnt? who decides what rules can and can't be broken? this is another example of a central authority that im against. again we should let the community work this out not the people who happen to control the forum. 
. 
@_date: 2016-12-03 02:29:41


why? why just market cap when i said earlier i thought it was based on many things? so you can set up whatever your gonna say next? so you can make this about supply and say my arguement about needing more users doesn't correlate? im confused as to what ur on about here.. 
@_date: 2016-12-02 17:15:28
set your fee based on how fast you want your transaction to go through with respect to the backlog. at some point this "normal" fee will become too high for a user. 
bitcoin is becoming more expensive the more popular it gets. i dont think thats a sustainable trend. 
@_date: 2016-12-08 02:00:06
i think when they started their business they weren't expecting bitcoin to be at capacity (at only a few transactions a second) a few years down the road and stay there for a year, frequently sending tens of thousands of transactions into a backlog. they probably weren't expecting a fee market either. where the fees just seem to be getting higher and higher. 
you say they should participate in development? i certainly wouldn't want a heavily funded private company (that is seeking profits!) having much influence on what bitcoin ought to be................ because maybe, just maybe, they would want to make bitcoin into something they can profit off of. 
edit: just to make it clear blockstream is a heavily funded private company with many core devs on their payroll, and Greg Maxwell as CTO. and according to [their wiki]( they are "one of the largest contributors of funding for Bitcoin Core." 
im not saying they aren't trying to help bitcoin. but, i am saying they are, as a company, trying to satisfy investors. their product, according to their wiki, is sidechains. i have to assusme they will be trying to profit from use of these sidechains. and because of this, i would also assume they would prefer a bitcoin that incentivized the use of these sidechains. 
@_date: 2016-12-08 02:06:56
i don't think he thinks bitcoin owes him anything. did he say that? i think hes just frustrated that bitcoin didn't go the way he expected it to when he started the business. he build a business around something that offered nearly free instant transactions. but has now been at capacity (of only a few transactions a second!) for almost a year, creating higher fees and backlogs. 


there are a few people in both subs that are upset because thats where they bought their coin. especially those in the uk. losing a business that makes bitcoin more accessible to people is not good for bitcoin, so im not sure why you would say this. 
@_date: 2016-12-05 20:44:46
im not sure we can prove this and im not sure those distinctions should be made by just u and theymos. 
@_date: 2016-12-05 20:46:01
now ur just name calling and attacking me personally. not cool! 
@_date: 2016-12-05 22:02:09


 but you of course know what's best... 
my point with the "by the people for the people" comment is that i think bitcoin ought to be what the majority of users want it to be. (satisfy users demands and we will get more of them, which will draw more investments and growth). i think thats the only way to be competitive. the demand for bitcoin is not completely inelastic, and there are plenty of alternatives so we can't take bitcoins position at the top for granted. 
@_date: 2016-12-08 00:23:55
stopped offering buy and selling*


you don't know that. a ceo is probably thinking money, what's best for business. we can't just assume its personal. but it might be! 


thats not a good thing! 
@_date: 2016-12-08 19:11:40
i think its doing a lot of damage. i think the only reason they do this is because other ideas may be threatening to what *their* idea of bitcoin should be. 
@_date: 2016-12-06 16:22:08


so its my reading comprehension, and couldn't possibly be your explaining? not fair and not nice! this is the "im better than you" attitude that makes meaningful argument/discussion difficult. 


what im saying is that a company seeking profits off bitcoin transactions is hiring core devs (suspect of influencing code). you said my narrative was bullshit, im saying its not when they have in fact hired core devs. im at least allowed to have concerns about this. 
that connection tied with censoring any talk about higher blocksize. also tied to the refusal to raise the limit at the cost of a congested network. 
@_date: 2016-12-08 02:11:02
what? 
"Sign up with your email or phone number, and snap a pic of your debit card to pay and get paid instantly."
"No fees to move money, and no limits on how much you send, receive or cash out each week using your Circle account."
"Travel between dollars, UK pounds and euros. Best rates. No fees. No, really."
and of course this... 
"Personalize your money message with a cat pic, hot dog emoji, awkward gif or whatever screams ‘you.’"
@_date: 2016-12-07 23:28:45


i don't think they have a right to dictate bitcoin, i dont think they are trying to. they just stopped supporting it for whatever reason. its up to bitcoin to attract users. i dont think businesses or users owe bitcoin anything.  like how we dont owe facebook or google anything. 
i personally wouldn't want a heavily funded business having much influence on the code..... 
@_date: 2016-12-08 00:50:15


what do you mean they refused? where they asked to? or were they supposed to? i dont think anyone owes bitcoin anything. for example, a business looking for a payment processor isn't going to help develop/build a service like Stripe or Square, will just pick what works from the market. bitcoin needs businesses like circle to make it more accessible to the average user, but businesses like circle don't necessarily need bitcoin. 


i think when they started their business they weren't expecting bitcoin to be at capacity a few years down the road (and stay at capacity). they probably weren't expecting a fee market. 


i dont think they deserve any sympathy. they just decided to stop offering the buying and selling of bitcoin (for whatever reason). none of this has to be personal. 
@_date: 2016-12-05 00:45:53
lol what? i think we just let this one go..  ;) 
@_date: 2016-12-08 20:24:16


i guess what i mean is no allowing real debate/discussion on other ideas. it seems talk about other clients is not allowed unless it is critical in a negative way. go to the thread on the front now and you will see there are more people who think this. 
i was just talking with a guy who works for blockstream, GibbsSamplePlatter, just now and said this to him. this kinda sums up my concerns with them..
"im not opposed to sidechains, just the incentivizing of their use by a private entity at the (possible) expense of the health of the original bitcoin. the way i see it, your company benefits from a constricted network.
create them and advertise them, but influencing bitcoin to get people to use them is what worries me. isn't that fair? and im not saying bs is directly influencing bitcoin, but because of all the ties to core i have to assume it!"
aren't these concerns legit? 
@_date: 2016-12-05 19:52:20
there isn't much evidence here to back up some of these claims...
also, rbtc is a direct result of the "moderating" policy here. this sub wont allow the conversation that the community obviously needs to have. this is really holding us back, imo. i suspect some people don't want competing ideas discussed here because they are threatening to *their* idea of what bitcoin ought to be. 
@_date: 2016-12-08 19:59:15
with 100+ you would think it would be working better than it is. 
@_date: 2016-12-07 23:10:41


full blocks may affect bitcoin tho, which would affect their business. 


yea but when blockchain tech can offer lower fees then i would assume ppl will be inclined to go to the cheaper alternative. and i dont think telling users to increase their fees to get their transactions through is sustainable, assuming we keep everything the same expect growth (increase in transactions), which is what we all want right? demand for using bitcoin can't be completely inelastic. 


10-20 cent per transaction is a lot if you want to build a business around micro transactions, for example.  venmo can offer zero fees ["transferring funds between friends through a major debit card or checking account"]( thats also a bit of a problem for bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-12-07 22:53:23
i think you kinda missed point..  that the difference between circle and blockstream is that blockstream has core lead devs on its payroll (one of them CTO/co-founder), and circle does not. also blockstream is, according to their wikik, ["one of the largest contributors of funding for Bitcoin Core."](  a private company is influencing the protocol, this is worrisome.
@_date: 2016-12-05 20:19:53
moderating is fine, but censorship is not. 
for something like bitcoin to work we need to be having as much debate and argument as possible. as much sharing of information so we are all as informed as possible. its a problem when the ones controlling the biggest bitcoin forum and moderating this debate have taken a position on the debate. 


according to wikipedia, "[Censorship is the suppression of free speech](
but, im glad you are aware that it is going on. 
@_date: 2016-12-08 01:03:45
i agree with this. and i use Venmo as an example for the average money mover, who probably isn't that concerned with the reasons you gave. 


but the tech has proven it can offer lower fees, and we are in a competitive market. the demand for using bitcoin isn't completely inelastic so we gotta be careful we don't push away users because its too expensive. 
@_date: 2016-12-07 22:39:10
im assuming they, and other businesses, are seeing a network that is at capacity, that can only support a few transactions a second, and that is frequently holding up transactions in a backlog because of it (to which the suggested solution is for users to increase their transaction fees).. 
all this combined with a lead developer that thinks [there isn't a problem]( probably isn't very encouraging from an investment standpoint. 
@_date: 2016-12-08 02:01:37
why do you think circle will be dead soon? 
@_date: 2016-12-08 04:56:43


the network is as capacity (at only a few transactions a second) frequently sending tens of thousands of transactions into a backlog resulting in a fee market. and its been like this for almost a year now. bitcoin is becoming more expensive and transactions are taking longer. bitcoins percentage of total market cap in crypto has been on the decline. and a business that helped make bitcoin more accessible to people has lost faith and abandoned it. probably because the bitcoin they built their business on, that they were going to use to offer customers a better way to transact, changed. the fees and the developers inability to scale the netowrk (not to mention their saying [there isn't a problem]( was probably incompatible with what they had planned. 
@_date: 2016-12-08 05:30:17
what point are you trying to make and how is it relevant to a company deciding to stop offering the buying and selling of bitcoin? 
if you are implying funding from a big bank is bad? what about when blockstream gets [55 mil from AXA](
i think we should be focusing on why a company would terminate this service. this is what i think..
the network is as capacity (at only a few transactions a second) frequently sending tens of thousands of transactions into a backlog resulting in a fee market. and its been like this for almost a year now. bitcoin is becoming more expensive and transactions are taking longer. a business that helped make bitcoin more accessible to people has lost faith and abandoned it. probably because the bitcoin they built their business on, that they were going to use to offer customers a better way to transact, changed. the fees and the developers inability to scale the network (not to mention their saying [there isn't a problem]( was probably incompatible with what they had planned.
@_date: 2016-12-08 03:05:44
circle made bitcoin more accessible to people. i think everyone involved in bitcoin would want them to continue doing that. 
@_date: 2016-12-08 19:13:26
we've been at capacity for almost a year now, fees are going up and transactions getting stuck. i think this is a pretty significant/important topic. 
@_date: 2016-12-02 22:58:36


i guess by its users, transactions, market cap, institutional investments, etc relative to other coins. 


are you asking why market share matters?  im saying that if we have to be careful with these fees and what central planning we choose to run with (1mb limit). this is a competitive space and if we cant offer a good service to users then they may go elsewhere. weve been at capacity for a few months now and keep getting this problem, and to keep telling users to just raise their fee isn't really a good pitch! "free and instant" sound more like it.  
basically if we want moon, bitcoin needs as many users as possible. businesses and users wont invest/use if we keep getting these backlogs and fees.  (i mean they will up to a point, foolish to think demand is totally inelastic) 
@_date: 2016-12-07 23:13:14
but they make a connection between profit seeking and the protocol is my point. 
@_date: 2016-12-05 20:42:13
we have to understand that with bitcoin we will never have perfect consensus. but, we should always be striving for it. we should welcome ideas and let the community decide what is appropriate and what isn't. 
@_date: 2016-12-08 08:05:30
i think bitcoin is hurting right now because we are at capacity. i think a 1mb limit is an arbitrary number. and i know it was meant to be temporary. 
im againt central planning of bitcoin because i believe the market has the answer. deciding this 1mb limit should be there is central planning imo. 
@_date: 2016-12-08 06:07:57
im with you on the FED out of business part but. 


for this to happen he would need to be able to influence the code. and yes i think you're right if a private company (naturally seeking profits) gets to influence code then bitcoin will turn into some kind of payments network. 
but what about blockstream? thats is a heavily funded private company with many core devs on their payroll, and Greg Maxwell as CTO. and according to their wiki they are "one of the largest contributors of funding for Bitcoin Core."
im not saying they aren't trying to help bitcoin. but, i am saying they are, as a company, trying to satisfy investors. their product, according to their wiki, is sidechains. i have to assusme they will be trying to profit from use of these sidechains. and because of this, i would also assume they would prefer a bitcoin that incentivized the use of these sidechains.
@_date: 2016-12-05 21:37:29


i could say this about the rbitcoin too.  
my argument would be that this sub is not moderating it is outright banning argument. you keep saying it was necessary because the sub was "flooded with trolls and sock puppet accounts" that it was "completely un-useable" and there was a "clear intent to spam the forum and disrupt the community." I do know could be just your opinion.  today if i were to include a few words to this comment it would automatically be removed. any posts with these words will also be automatically removed. this is really limiting discussion. you can't keep justifying this policy because u believe opposing views are just here to disrupt. 
i [bought my first coin in May 2013]( i love bitcoin and ive been around to see all this go down. i want bitcoin to succeed and i think in order for that to happen ppl need to stop trying to control it and allow competing ideas to be discussed and critiqued. competition is good! 
bitcoin ought to be the money built by the people for the people. not built by those who think they know whats best for the people! especially when those ppl have the unfair advantage of controlling the largest platform for discussion! 
@_date: 2016-12-05 15:31:18
i think your excluding the possibility of bitcoin being replaced by something better... (and sorry for a long post!)
gold is worth what it is because a lot of people use it and its recognized all over the world. its been the global money for a long time because it fit the criteria for money (fungible, durable, portable, divisible, etc)  better than everything else (salt, seashells, whatever). we used all kinds of things as money and still do, like cigarettes in prison ([fun fact: ramen noodles recently overtook cigarettes as the dominant currency]( 
bitcoin is designed to be a digital gold (why we call it "mining"). the digital part is what makes it a superior form of money because we can store, transfer, divide, basically just use it better/easier/safer. however, where gold doesn't have much competition (silver the biggest) bitcoin has plenty because there can be infinite replicas. gold is more popular than silver because there is more of it, thus more recognizable globally, thus more trustworthy, or fungible. bitcoin was the first to market and relies on the network effect to keep it popular and useful. its recognized and used by so many, that's what gives it its value relative to its competitors. this is just like social networks. we all used myspace but switched to facebook because it was better, but we didnt really change our habits, just the platform. also, insta and twitter.. facebook offers this, but it seems there is space for pictures and posts to have their own platforms. i believe altcoins will have their space as well for niche use cases. 
so i dont think your scenario will every play out because users will naturally just move to another, better platform. this tech can offer basically "free and instant" transactions so bitcoin is gonna have to be better to remain competitive. we can just assume users are going to stick around here and absorb fees. we cant assume the demand for bitcoin is totally inelastic. 
i believe for value to go up, adoption must go up (users, miners, businesses, institutional investors, all of it). that should be our main focus. this implies our main focus should be satisfying the market demands of all these actors. i think words like free, instant, private, secure, etc are all very good sales pitches. mess with this too much and eventually users will move to something better. and the list of alternatives long.
@_date: 2016-12-06 18:23:26
the limit was always meant to be temporary, and their business is sidechains. its a second layer solution (which i think is made more relevant with a constricted network). and now all the sudden the limit is necessary? then around this same time the censorship begins? 
according to wiki "Blockstream is one of the largest contributors of funding for Bitcoin Core." its a business. they are seeking profits. they are influencing the code. this leads me to assume that bitcoin today is in a sense being privatized. 
bitcoin was working and proven before all this started. why are we trying to depart from the original p2p cash Satoshi invented? the network is at capacity and were being told to increase our fees? to pay an "appropriate" fee? yes i think this is very damaging to bitcoin. and you keep saying segwt is a 1mb increase but im not so sure about that. and we can probably go back and forth on segwit forever (becuase its that complicated!). since we're at capacity why not just raise the limit just a little when its a simple fix? 
and how as a bitcoiner can you be so pro all of this? lead devs starting a business that is influencing code. as far as i know there is no other business that is trying to influence what bitcoin should be in such a direct/financial manner. bitpay offered their scaling idea, coinbase is pretty vocal, but no one is hiring core devs. as bitcoiners we should be against lead devs having outside monetary incentives like this. 
bitcoin is supposed to be decentralized, but im seeing central planning with the 1mb limit and central planning with the moderation policy on the largest bitcoin forum. i makes a lot of sense why someone would want to control the largest crypto currency! but i think its a foolish endeavor because the the market will create/discover a better, more free and open alternative. 
@_date: 2016-12-08 19:46:54


it doesn't.


i agree, and im not opposed to sidechains, just the incentivizing of their use by a private entity at the (possible) expense of the health of the original bitcoin. the way i see it, your company benefits from a constricted network.
create them and advertise them, but influencing bitcoin to get people to use them is what worries me. isn't that fair? and im not saying bs is directly influencing bitcoin, but because of all the ties to core i have to assume it! 
@_date: 2016-12-08 07:32:58
no idea, but does it matter?  and i dont really think it was an attack. all they said was that there was a gridlock and nothing was happening. bitcoin wasn't appealing to whatever his business is wanting to do. 
@_date: 2016-12-08 02:45:35
i would argue that bitcoin is different now (and going in a different direction) than when they first got involved. 
@_date: 2016-12-08 07:41:41
im not opposed to them. but i would be opposed to a company trying to create demand for them at the expense of bitcoin (the main chain) 
@_date: 2016-12-02 18:45:47


losing market share. we can't just keep saying to users "just increase your fee." 
@_date: 2016-12-07 23:15:41


not for circle apparently 
@_date: 2016-12-08 06:11:33
i posted this in the other thread. this would be my answer to your question. 
the network is as capacity (at only a few transactions a second) frequently sending tens of thousands of transactions into a backlog resulting in a fee market. and its been like this for almost a year now. bitcoin is becoming more expensive and transactions are taking longer. bitcoins percentage of total market cap in crypto has been on the decline. and a business (circle) that helped make bitcoin more accessible to people has lost faith and abandoned it. probably because the bitcoin they built their business on, that they were going to use to offer customers a better way to transact, changed. the fees and the developers inability to scale the network (not to mention their saying [there isn't a problem]( was probably incompatible with what they had planned.
@_date: 2016-12-08 19:29:44
oh u work there? oops lol.  but, everything i said checks out then? im not saying your company is trying to harm bitcoin in anyway, i mean it would need it to work for them to be relevant anyway. but, they would benefit from a bitcoin that incentivized the use of sidechains. what scares me is a private company having influence on the direction of bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-12-06 03:54:31
yikes dude so much emotion. 
let me start by saying that im forced to leave out certain words or this post is automatically removed. even if im quoting you (which is what happened to the comment ur responded to, but i messaged the mods and they put it back). also i would like to point out that i bought first bitcoin in May 2013 and been trading it since so ive been around to see all this go down. i love bitcoin and want it to succeed.
to me you're kinda just screaming that core is good and other implementations are bad, that your thoughts are correct and the collective "others" are all just tolls with evil intentions. i mean we can go back forth like this all day so im kinda hesitant to respond to all this. and this is the kind of talk i think we should stop as it just heats things up. 


i think there is reason to have legitimate concerns. the most funded company in bitcoin is also the only company that is trying to influence the code. they have Maxwell as their CTO and other core devs on their payroll. yes they have bitcoin and its users interests in mind, but they for sure have profits in mind too. i dont see how any bitcoiner wouldn't be at least a little suspicious of this. this is a company that is set to profit off of a congested network. they are essentially creating a problem so they can provide a solution. they want to divert traffic to their sidechains. i believe they sell this by saying we need the 1mb limit to avoid centralization? (even though a lot of these guys have previously said a higher limit would be fine) but they are engaging in central planning! bitcoin is more centralized these days imo. this arbitrary 1 mb limit is really hurting bitcoin right now. our most urgent problem can easily be alleviated at (least a little!) but they refuse. this worries me. 


what are the unsolved issues? and im pretty sure its being tested, and successfully too. 


i think the division was a direct result of this subs "moderation" policy. i think it is a problem that a small group of people have decided what bitcoin should be and eliminated discussion of other ideas. were getting nowhere right now and i think its because we aren't having the discussions we need to be having. the "debate" isn't happening because the "moderator" has picked a side. 
i think bitcoin needs to have as much discussion and argument as possible, and people should always be offering their ideas/clients. competition is good! discussing ideas and critiquing them is so important. trying to control this project is causing problems imo. 




yes i agree. and i think when one group (who happens to be in control of the largest forum) decides what is appropriate, then we dont have a healthy community. i think a project like this needs free and open discussion so we can all critique ideas. as much information as possible so we are all as informed as possible. blocking other peoples ideas completely just because you dont agree with them is not very bitcoin. i think we should let the community decide what is appropriate and what isn't when it comes to content.  i suspect some people don't want competing ideas discussed here because they are threatening to their idea of what bitcoin ought to be.


well yea i mean no new idea is gonna have consensus without being pushed around and talked about! and unfortunately, we are not allowed to discuss these other implementations here 


this may include people you disagree with too tho. 


wasn't Gavin kicked out? 
i think the biggest problem is the lack of discussion within the community and the mods here are at fault for that. 
@_date: 2016-12-08 06:15:16
a company that helped make bitcoin more accessible to people decided to terminate that service and you are applauding that. 
@_date: 2016-12-08 06:13:14
thats a good response. 
@_date: 2016-12-02 17:04:32
wait so do you think its impossible for bitcoin to be replaced by something that can offer lower fees?  do you think the crypto market is so inelastic that higher fees won't push some users to other options? im thinking especially businesses using micropayments, they must be very fee conscious. 
im also curious how you come up with what is and "appropriate" fee. i guess just adjusting it to how fast you want it to go through respective to the backlog? ...idk i feel this is a scenario to send fees high enough to deter users. i  think instead of asking users to pay more because of the backlog, we should allow the network to let some of this congestion through.  i guess what im saying is i think the 1mb limit is screwing with the market. 
just hypothetical, what if you could temporarily increase blocksize just a little during these times would you want that, or ask users to just pay more? 
@_date: 2016-12-05 20:38:18


im not sure if rbitcoin mods opinion is the prevailing opinion, but i do know that the are in charge. 
i understand and agree with many arguments for moderation. but, i think when a small group of people can decide what is allowed and what isn't, we arrive where we are today.  a split community and heated exchanges. 
@_date: 2016-12-08 18:40:35


this is what i have a problem with, because this would be the opinion of a small group rather than the result of a free market. no matter how smart they are i think its foolish to think we have figured out what's best and to ignore other suggestions. thats pretty arrogant imo.
rbitcoin rule: "Promotion of client software which attempts to alter the Bitcoin protocol without overwhelming consensus is not permitted."
how can anything reach overwhelming consensus if we can't even discuss it? (try creating a post with the words of the other client thats being discussed and you will see automoderator immediately removes it. im hesitant to include words in my comments here for this reason too).  i could argue that a 1mb limit is an alteration to the original bitcoin protocol. 
i think for bitcoin to be successful in this competitive space we need to embrace competition of clients/ideas combined with free and open discussion so we can all be as informed as possible, so we can make the best decisions. imo, i think they don't what competition here because it may be threatening to *their* idea of what bitcoin ought to be. this it troubling to me because i think this network should be about what the majority wants, not what a small group thinks it wants. 
@_date: 2016-12-08 20:01:37
i think you bring that up to discredit alexgorale and avoid his point. 
@_date: 2016-12-05 23:24:21


yea cuz shes a criminal, she's corrupt, and she ran a shit campaign ;) 
but yea cuz the fathers were worried about dem farmers. i see ur point but, i dont think the analogy works here. ill try to explain.. 
citizens are "stuck" in one country so they have a lot of incentive to go out and vote, to influence how their home is run. crypto users have many options to choose from so they don't really care much about the development/politics, they just use what works for them. its a lot easier to just use another coin than it is to move to another country (if that makes sense?). i assume the average bitcoin user doesn't even know about the blocksize debate, or care much about it anyways.  so voting in the crypto space is done more by just using a particular coin. its like myspace and facebook. users didnt really change their habits, its just that something came along that was more appealing and they started using it.  then they started using insta, twitter, snap, etc.. each offering something better than the others in their "niche." 
does that make sense? 
im seeing a bitcoin that is being held back. i expected it to be higher in price and for there to be more adoption by now. i think investments that build businesses to make this tech more accessible to the averge person really helps adoption and use. and i can understand why some investors are hesitant when the network can only handle so many transactions a second.  
what im really concerned about is the most funded company in bitcoin benefits from a constricted network. they also are the only company that is trying to influence the code(?) i mean they hired Maxwell as CTO and other core devs on the payroll. this worries me. i dont see how any bitcoiner cant be at least a little suspicious of this. their interests may be to please users, but its also to make money, thats certainly something that can be replaced! this tech has proven it can offer a cheaper and faster service than bitcoin is today... 
@_date: 2016-12-06 21:43:35
dude why are u so angry about all this? it just makes me think the emotion is getting in the way of thinking rationally about all this.


u cant just dismiss all that by calling it a conspiracy theory. i think i made a lot of legit points. 
yea its risen a lot, but that doesn't mean it couldn't be higher. ive noticed there isn't as much hype surrounding bitcoin in the media compared to couple years ago. also i don't see as many vc's investing as they did couple years ago. the network is at capacity, transactions get stuck in a backlog and fees are increasing. this isn't the best bitcoin can be. ive noticed since being at capacity bitcoins market share in terms of total market cap among cryptos is [decreasing]( so yea, i have concerns and think bitoin is being held back.  that limit is essentially putting a quota on capacity. 
in the rules here is says that "promotion of a client software which attempts to alter the bitcoin protocol without overwhelming consensus is not permitted." so we need consensus before we can discuss it, but how could we ever get consensus if we can't ever talk about it first!  also i think you could argue that the 1mb limit is an altercation to the protocol. it was put there with the intention of having it removed. that's the original protocol. 


which ones? and how? but you're saying some are not then, right? but we shouldn't bother looking at them or discussing them? 
@_date: 2016-10-27 16:33:26
there is a big difference between the two that were not talking about because were not allowed to... 
@_date: 2016-10-27 16:23:15
not here (the largest bitcoin forum) and you know it.  its not a healthy debate when we are allowed to speak freely. i think we should let the people decide what is or isn't good content not a handful of moderators. i believe that is more in the spirit of bitcoin anyway. 
@_date: 2016-10-27 18:42:48


i think you may be a bit too emotionally involved to "moderate" this debate. 
@_date: 2016-10-27 18:08:52
i can see your point on the restaurant example, however with this policy you are running the risk of groupthink. i wouldn't say the other side is "shoeless and shirtless" when there are at least some that are qualified.  
you don't like the other sub. we can't even mention it here, right? but, don't you think the mods here are in many ways responsible for creating it? people were banned and silenced for having a different viewpoint so they were forced to start a new sub. because they care about bitcoin! 
the crypto space as a whole interested me. i love bitcoin and have since i bought at $10 and i can prove that if you'd like. i felt threatened by alts before, but now see them as a useful testbed for bitcoin. its really nice to see what works and what doesn't, but we should always be talking about it, not hiding from it! 
if you really believe the restaurant example then why delete comments that show the "no shirt, no shoes, no service!" sign?  i don't think you're being completely honest with your community on what this sign says. so again, i don't think fair/healthy debate happens here. 




why so condescending? and i don't think someones concerns about something as important as freedom of speech should be described as "whiny bullshit."  
you seem very confident that you are right and i am wrong. but it also seems that you are a bit threatened of the opposing side being allowed to voice their opinion. if you think you are right then you should have no problem refuting their claims. this applies to the whole community. 
@_date: 2016-10-27 16:59:10
i think we need to understand that both sides are interested in seeing bitcoin succeed. the moderation here has clearly picked a side on the current debate. this is not fair. i could also say this kind of behavior is a hostile take over of bitcoin. 
do you remember how this community was 2-3 years ago? we were all so happy and excited!  


again, i think the community as a whole should be allowed  to decide what this is. 


hostile. force. misguided agendas. these words sound like FUD honestly ("fear, uncertainty and doubt, usually evoked intentionally in order to put a competitor at a disadvantage"). it would be great if we could together find examples of this and debate what is and what isn't. the only way for the community to decide is to have the conversion. a difficult one, but necessary. we can't just decide on these things and be done with it. 
i believe in freedom of speech, even at the cost of some poor content. i think its been very damaging to bitcoin and the bitcoin community to limit conversation so much. we have departed from the original ethos that we all loved bitcoin for.  
edited for formatting