@_author: muh_idealism
@_date: 2015-02-22 07:55:10
No, once the goon squad kicks in your door, expect charges to be forthcoming. In cases of major crimes or highly dangerous individuals, they will usually cobble up a minor charge to detain the person until they can get a hearing for the more substantive charge.. There have been cases where people went YEARS between raid and indictment. Hell, poor Weev is currently exiled because another indictment may come down on him at any time (watch the video where he rides in the car after just getting out of jail, his attorney strongly indicates the FBI is trying to make another a case against him. Strong odds are, he will stay out until various SOL's expire, or they indict him and he just never comes back)
The long and short of it is, if the goon squad shows up, you lose. If they don't have anything 'obvious' to charge you with, they start subpoenaing bank records, etc and get you other ways (ie, taxes, various 'conspiracy to' charges) If you can leave, do it while you can because your window to do so is short. The first thing the Pretrial Services man does it take your passport. 
I don't like Micon's type, but he was smart to get out. This really should be a wake-up call to the deluded idealists, though, who can quote Rothbard until you turn blue in the face. The real world consequence for being 'out in the open' with your deep involvement in a technology like this is stupid, considering the level of power possessed by the people who hate it. Everything in life is all fun and games until warrants are served. Then, idealism looks awfully cheap next to losing your family. 
@_date: 2016-07-10 22:59:35
One thing. An abandonment of market confidence. 
The magic of BTC isn't entirely technological. It's sociological; that human beings will occasionally decide that something is infused with arbitrary value and on that basis, transact in it. What plausible series of events could cause Picasso's to become worthless in the next decade? Diamonds? Gold? Silver? They're all arbitrarily valuable, they have little to no intrinsic value but nevertheless, people will pay an amount of money for paint on canvas that could've been used to buy ten private islands. Why? Because people are funny. BTC is entirely qualitative. 
Or is BTC more like baseball cards or beanie babies, that could indeed suffer a catastrophic and sudden loss of value confidence once people wake up and realize "Eh, this is all just bullshit. What the hell were we thinking?"
Lets say that BTC exists on a relevance scale of 1-10 with 1 being worthlessness (or near worthlessness) and 10 being total mainstream public adoption.  Right now, it's at about Level 4, still mostly defined and driven by speculators and massively autistic hobbyists but indeed, normal people are starting to take notice... 
Its most meaningful, existential threat is decisive regulation that renders it as nothing more than a black market currency. That's $15 BTC, right there... A bill that bans transacting in it as "The preferred money of terrorists, drug dealers and child pornographers..." is all it takes to completely undermine its main value driver (which is mainstream adoption) and would probably beat it back a good bit from its current value levels. Just because BTC cannot be stopped technologically doesn't change the fact that it can be made virtually irrelevant with the passage of certain regulations. 
@_date: 2016-07-11 19:59:49


Perhaps, but sustainability at these price levels (or if it goes higher, those price levels) is entirely contingent on speculative forces that are hoping it goes mainstream. If it is reduced back to the earth as a black market currency, then it's $20 or $50 (or something like that) once again with zero future prospects. Is that reduced to "zero"? No, not in the literal sense, but it would represent a profound loss of value, relevance and future prospects that would basically amount to being reduced to nothing. 
@_date: 2016-07-11 19:58:43
There's no doubt it's not going to zero, but it could go way, way back down and stay there. 
@_date: 2015-02-22 16:40:38
Yeah, that's the company line... but where is it?
Always lots of talk of "Revolution" but if you're an American like me, you like in a country drenched in guns yet without the ability to muster groups of responsible men to fire a single shot- nor will you ever. "Revolution" is a fantasy, too. At least in the 1st World. 
@_date: 2016-07-11 20:13:07
Logic. 
If the general public (aka "good people") thinks that something tainted by bad people will affect its relevance to good people (aka "the public"), doesn't that present a virtually insurmountable barrier should regulation ever take that angle (as it almost certainly would) thus poisoning it in the  minds of the general public, thus preventing mainstream adoption which itself is basically the one market event that is driving most of btc's present value and any/all of its future value? 
In theory, diamonds are worthless. 
In practice, they are valued. 
What is more relevant to pricing diamonds; their theoretical absence of intrinsic value, or the shitloads of dumb broads who make their hard working husbands buy them at moronic prices? 
The brass ring for btc is public adoption. 
Sperg "theories" are irrelevant. The only thing that matters is figuring out how to get John Q on board and make it easy for him to understand so when the powers that be eventually recognizes it as a potential threat to the status quo, it has a large enough constituency to fight for it. 
@_date: 2015-02-22 22:29:55
Cool. Just understand that life as a subversive will land you in jail just as fast as live as a revolutionary. Just on different pretexts. You strike me as the sort of person who has never had their future in the hands of other people. Its not fun. Idealism is cheap and easy when its internet talk. Shit gets real when you find yourself in the maw of a 'system' that hates your face. 
@_date: 2016-07-11 20:25:57
Right. So lets all agree that absolute worthlessness will never happen. 
That being said, profound loss of value and relevance could absolutely happen and it would not be "good news" for anyone who owns it today at these price levels. There isn't enough money on this sub to move the needle in the slightest. 
The idea that if something goes from 600 to 20 and stays there is 'making it stronger' shows the kind of delusions that exist in this community. 
@_date: 2016-07-11 22:05:28
If its fair market value is $20 per coin, it's back to the levels it existed at when it was pretty much solely a dark market currency. 
If $20 is its existential equilibrium, it's fucked. It may exist but at that point, it's irrelevant. 