@_author: mujunaeem
@_date: 2017-12-11 06:09:42
Does TD Ameritrade allow you to go long or short on Bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-12-01 08:05:28
Hello Mr. Dean Nolan. 
I am a Maldivian human rights activist and blogger, who was recently resettled as a UNHCR refugee in Vancouver, Canada. I came across this post on Twitter and I thought I would take this opportunity to share with you my story and how I ended up as a refugee. 
My story is a very long one. I recently had the opportunity to tell my story to the British Columbia Humanist Association, and it was recorded in their weekly podcast. I posted the full transcript of the talk on my Wordpress blog along with the audio which I link below. I invite you to have a read/listen.
This past year I have faced great adversaries and overcome them because I had a strong will to survive. I survived because I needed to, for my friends. Today I am in Canada as a refugee but many of my friends and fellow human rights activists were not so lucky.
But even in my current situation as a refugee, having to start my life all over again in a new country, I do not want to give up on speaking up for my friends and many others trapped in oppressive societies, like the Maldives and others countries around the world. Human rights are trampled all over the world by oppressive governments, religious fundamentalism, and social conservatism. For the world to be a more fairer just place, it needs to stop. 
I share my story with you and others on this Reddit thread, because I am raising funds to continue doing my activism. To fight for human rights, secularism, minority rights and freedom from religion.
A fundraising portal with my details is available here. I have decided to accept cryptocurrency as a viable form of donation. I would very much appreciate your generosity. 
I am also open to offers of assistance to set up a non-profit humanist activist platform to promote freedom from religion as a fundamental right and promote science and secular human rights. 
Thank you for your consideration.
Muju Naeem
Find me here: 
@_date: 2017-12-11 06:24:44
I know that iForex (micro lots even) allows for margin trading of BTC. But iForex doesn't provide services in Canada. Do you by any chance know of a broker that does? I figured it's a good opportunity to make some cash on the rise and then withdraw the money and invest in actual Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:16:03
Cool. It's hard finding a good broker. iForex doesn't even margin call. And allows for micro lots to be leveraged. It's got a lot going for it. So far nothing comes close. 
But thanks. I will check out TD Ameritrade. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:12:32
I don't want to short BTC. That would be dumb. I wanna ride up on margin trade with leverage. The math works out better in my favor than buying if I leverage. I already own BTC also. I have traded on iForex for almost 2 years before I moved bti Canada. Always got paid. But due to regulations issue they don't provide services here. 
