@_author: mukesh761
@_date: 2014-12-02 01:13:44
You are completely full of crap.  
1) they wouldn't know and 
2) if they did they would report it to law enforcement immediately because the person casually telling them they are using their ATM to launder money is likely to be a federal agent setting up a sting on the operator.
@_date: 2014-03-25 13:47:56
Good points, but reddit probably isn't the best place to discuss the issue.
@_date: 2014-10-19 04:07:01


And why is that, "mvk"? 
Do you know for a fact that "Apple's Encryption" doesn't have backdoors?
You are either an idiot, a shill, or both.
@_date: 2014-12-02 01:14:55
He's completely full of crap.
@_date: 2014-06-26 05:54:50
They may get into bitcoin through acquisition but I wouldn't expect any innovation internally.  Look at their track record.
@_date: 2014-10-22 04:00:23


It is!  It is also against the idea of the 4th amendment and individual right to privacy too.  
Why do they want to do it then?  Because 'Murica? 
@_date: 2014-10-19 20:34:11
He's stealing and taking advantage of people in a largely unregulated and free market, but then hiding behind legal protections that are any thing but free.  How is that balanced?
I would say the same thing for this douchebag as I would for Karpeles, it's fine if we don't let law enforcement go after them.  That's completely fine.  I will agree to that on one condition.  If we go on a con artist hunting expedition, that should be free and fair as well.  I say it should also be legal to hunt these subhuman shit skids with high powered rifles.
[Fair is fair, right?  George Carlin said it best.](
@_date: 2014-07-29 13:18:15
Hi billybobbit.
I'll respond to your post without using fancy abbreviations.  It's hard for me, but I will try.
There are only so many ways to manage and motivate people.  Belief systems are a great way, either through religious belief or any ideology that has the potential to be dogmatic enough to overcome believer's willingness to think critically and openly about their actions.  I would argue you are a subscriber to a dogmatic belief system based on the content of your post, in fact.
Another great way is to motivate people through fear.  Fear of violence, natural disaster, disease, personal embarrassment, social rejection, all of these fears can be used to manipulate people to behave certain ways or not engage in specific activities.
The last and arguably safest way to manipulate large groups of people is through the natural desire to prosper and get ahead, which we will call greed for simplicity.  If you offer people the right carrots, most will behave in a way that gets them closer to that carrot, unless it runs against their belief systems (1) or if they have too much fear to pursue the carrot for various reasons (2).  You can even convince people that a rock is a carrot if you repeat the message convincingly enough, and effectively overlay a new belief system on top of greed, something we think of as modern consumerism.
Greed has been turned into a very efficient form of social organization through the invention and innovation of money.  Money is a representation of power in terms of a group or individual's ability to influence large groups of people to act in a specific way.  Entire industries and professions revolve around the management and rules of money.  Money is a powerful way for Governments or other powerful bodies to project influence over large groups of people, or to impede other groups who are acting in ways contrary to the powerful bodies.
When you make statements about exchanges abusing privacy and dignity and being sneaky, or claim that exchanges are maybe "ok" but have no defense against totalitarianism, it's ridiculous and juvenile.   I really mean this, and I'm not saying it to insult you, but it's important for you to realize it because it's true.
Bitcoin is a more efficient way to move money with lower fraud.  Bitcoin has the potential to rebalance some of the power lost during the digitization of currency that started in the 20th centrury.  When you make silly statements like the above though, and insult those who are participating in the existing financial system in a compliant manner, you are not going to be taken seriously first of all, and if you were, the statements won't help bitcoin help people, it will only serve to draw the attention of those that would see it stopped.
The bottom line is, as long as there are men with guns, power will be concentrated.  Financial systems and monetary policy are a critical way for those in power to project that power without resulting to direct fear and violence.  Monetary system control and regulation allows those in power to set up agreed upon rules of conduct and allows participants to transact and do "their thing" with more freedom than is possible in other systems of control.
As long as taxes have to be paid and people with guns are in control, there will be demand for fiat.  Bitcoin will need to be exchanged for fiat, and those exchange points will always be easy to regulate and control.  Decentralized exchanges still require either the electronic movement of fiat (easy to regulate and track) or the physical movement of cash or physical fiat (harder to track but don't think it can't happen).
I don't particularly want governments forming over funded task forces that will focus on cracking down on in person fiat to bitcoin exchanges.  Governments don't care about efficiency in these cases where there is a direct threat to their ability to project power.  Trust me.
The other dirty little secret is the one that you may never come to grips with, but is an unfortunate reality.  When power fades there is always a vacuum, and someone fills the void.  As long as that someone is a human being, you will have the same patterns repeating themselves over and over as they have done throughout history.  Perhaps you lose a federal reserve, but gain a ghash.io?  Maybe you no longer have an IRS, but have a gang of thugs who will break your kneecaps if you don't hand over your private keys?
Choose your poison, but these silly, teenage angst ridden rants don't help anyone.  You have a lot to learn.
@_date: 2014-03-26 01:04:39
Anyone who provided a US SSN or taxpayer identification number to their exchange is going to have their exchange file tax paperwork to the IRS whether they like it or not.
Everyone in that situation should get together, aggregate the damages for all parties, and sue the IRS.
What wreckless policy!  Disgusting and incompetent job, IRS.  Bitcoin is a currency, not property.  Your "service" sucks ass.  The IRS should be abolished and replaced with a modern, progressive institution.  Or automated.
@_date: 2014-07-17 15:27:34
The point about the types of entities is key.  Hosting bitcoin is dangerous.  Exchanging it like a merchant online is not.  Lumping those together is like considering an MSB a retail bank.  They aren't the same thing at all and the regs as written will kill innovation more than is beneficial.
@_date: 2017-05-02 22:16:02
There will be blood!
@_date: 2013-12-15 20:00:28
Amazingly brilliant idiot.
But still, idiot.  Stupid stupid stupid.