@_author: multiuseaccount
@_date: 2015-06-04 13:47:06
KnCMiner has probably broken some world records relating to fraud and dishonesty too. And chances are that they still do. They talk about how these chips are opaquely running in their datacenter in northern Sweden, not in their customers' hands. Who knows how much these clowns are raising the difficulty for nobody's benefit but their own?
Besides, this is a press release, not an independently published/verified news article. Is there such an article verifying this? And all of those "Coin ______" sites are simply blogs that any idiot can start and don't necessarily do real news reporting, so they don't count. They'll be glad to paraphrase this press release, but that doesn't constitute journalism.
@_date: 2015-05-10 17:35:33
It's like using the word "birthplace" to describe an abortion clinic.
@_date: 2015-07-31 02:20:06


It's comments like this that are going to hamper Bitcoin adoption among women. More women might be using Bitcoin as a result of this situation with Backpage, but that's not really representative of mainstream Bitcoin adoption. Seriously though? "She is pretty" and that is really all you have to say?
And before you say "why take offense to a compliment?", don't just compliment people for their looks. These "compliments" may be unwanted. Many women in places like the cryptocurrency world want to be judged like their male peers are, not just for their looks if they happen to be attractive.
There are other things you could have complimented her or Paxful for. Maybe her job of explaining how to use and buy Bitcoin for uninitiated Backpage users is worthy of praise. If it was a man who did a video or wrote an article, you'd be complimenting or criticizing them on the job they did, probably not so much their looks. Do the same for women - view them as on the same level as men in the bitcoin world, and judge them by what they do rather than by their looks.
@_date: 2015-07-21 05:12:23
Seattle lets the KeyArena stay the KeyArena even after the ~~SuperSonics~~ Thunder left and KeyBank stopped paying? Haha, that is amusing. Bear in mind: this is a 50-year-old arena and not much of a place that people care about. It's the place that the SuperSonics divorced Seattle over. They wanted a new arena, OKC had one, so they went there.
Down in Oklahoma City, Ford revoked the sponsorship for the Thunder arena a few years back. In the interim, OKC used the oh-so-creative name of "Oklahoma City Arena" until Chesapeake Energy sponsored it. Seattle probably would have called it the Ford Center the whole time.
Sponsoring a monument that people care about nowadays? Not so much. Getting a theoretically perpetual sponsorship on a building that the people of Seattle will probably ~~try~~ debate about demolishing in coming years? That's a possibility.
@_date: 2015-07-05 05:57:38
What "Bitcoin Jesus" pulls this kind of shit? It looks like a run-of-the-mill Bitcoin news site. There is also advertising and endorsements for certain wallets, exchanges, and other Bitcoin businesses. Not much different from the dozens of other cryptocurrency "news" sites and blogs out there.
Seems pathetic of someone with Roger Ver's reputation to throw it all away just to put up a crappy news portal on the domain he has. Sounds more like what Josh Garza did with the domain BTC.com: turn it into a shitty crypto "news" site that didn't last long.
@_date: 2015-04-02 21:15:36
[IBM and the Holocaust](
@_date: 2013-12-01 01:39:27
And this time, it won't be Homeland Security delaying you when you reach your destination. It'll be MtGox requesting verification, leaving you are on Earth with no funds. And they will have to build entire hotels to house all of the people that can't embark on the remainder of their trip because MtGox isn't able to process withdrawals.
@_date: 2013-07-02 01:44:23
Well, sure. I don't have really recent backups of the wallet, but can grab one from a few months back that has the key in question. I might be able to try converting that to get the key and see if Multibit accepts it.
Is there good documentation out there for the wallet.dat file format? Or some sort of other utility to analyze/view its parts? I want to try to pry it apart myself and see if I can figure out where the problem section is and what happened. But of course it's not the same as a "human-readable" format like JSON. I have some understanding of how the Bitcoin protocol works and am proficient at programming (have a CS degree after all), so I might be able to get somewhere.