@_author: mumberthrax
@_date: 2014-04-16 08:24:41
tesla, elon musk
@_date: 2013-11-09 20:32:37
Are you certain? Think about all of the processes that go into the development of a new technology. We are laying the groundwork for a global communications standard between individuals all over to more effectively understand one another, and to share the knowledge and experiences and insights we all have. Education is increasing generally everywhere. Our collective understanding of the ways in which the world works is regularly expanding. Even something as small as a 12 year old conducting a science experiment is a step in the direction of scientific progress, and the development of a culture that is capable of creating a hoverboard.
I'm mostly talking out of my ass, but i think the basic feeling I want to express is in there, even if my words are arranged poorly. I mean, it may require a single insight or experiment to create some form of antigravity technology. But what is required to setup the context in which that insight can be had or that experiment conceived? What are the supports upon which such an event depends?
@_date: 2013-11-10 04:11:33
Apparently this is actually unlikely to be true. I was misinformed.


 &gt;&gt; What Des-Cartes did was a good step. You have added much several ways, &amp; especially in taking the colours of thin plates into philosophical consideration. If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of Giants [sic].


@_date: 2013-11-10 01:16:04
I was not intending to make a joke. My understanding was that the quote refers to pioneers in science, the famous names whose discoveries and theories newton based his own upon. I was referring to no-name people like you and I moreso than the Hawkings and NDTs of today. Though I have actually heard that Newton used the statement as a tongue-in-cheek attack on one of his contemporaries who was of short stature.
@_date: 2013-11-09 22:52:49
I thought about mentioning that, but I was kind of thinking that it isn't giants necessarily that the inventors of tomorrow will be standing upon, but the shoulders of all of their ancestors, their families, friends, and the institutions and culture we create together as individual normal-sized people. But I guess giants help out too. :P