@_author: murchadh_seawarrior
@_date: 2018-11-18 12:11:45
What's the matter with my brain? 
You are spoon-feeding me bullshit, both links you sent are useless and not informative.
The second article you sent made some good points... and do you realize that air suspension is completely different and has nothing to do with the car going and stopping?
And cars that have fundamental issues are ones to stay away from but it isn't really a big deal if a company is trying something new for the first time and needs to work out a few bugs. (Especially if they are working with the customer to correct these issues)
The whole point I'm making which is the same exact point the article YOU sent is saying. When you compare a car that did well last year on these specific surveys and then did nothing differently (no new innovation, means nothing new to go wrong) the year after, will score higher than a company that tried something new in which it has to work out a few bugs... Guaranteed to have more negative reviews.
So you're basically saying the car is garbage because of a few bad reviews based on a completely new feature that they are just trying out for the first time.
And I say a few bad reviews, which is an understatement considering the first article you sent completely bases everything it's saying on that one survey which only had a sample size of 28 people!
28 people... not 28% or even 28 dealerships, literally 28 people.
Do you realize that you can get any statistic you want by controlling the survey like this and fishing for specific results? 
When a survey only has 28 people that tells me that whoever did the survey is literally trying to prove a specific point and will tweak the results until they get what fits their argument. (And now you're doing it by sharing the bs information)
It's not only useless based on the sample size but it's pretty sad that any more people than this wouldn't give them the satistics they needed to make the shity argument they're trying to make. 
If the car was terrible, people would know and it would be common knowledge by this point. Hyundais were terrible when they first came to North America... People know this, they were real examples and real surveys with many people and large proper sample sizes that proved the fact. But they didn't need surveys, it was just known because it was true.
So if there is real information based on real surveys that were done properly I would be interested in taking a look at that.
But please don't send any more links like these first two, It don't help anything and just creates more false information out there that doesn't help anyone make a proper decision. Find reputable articles that had reputable research done to back up what they're saying.
So far you have not provided this whatsoever.
@_date: 2018-11-18 00:21:18
If the car is fundamentally reliable and we're talking about a few bugs because of innovation then that's what I want; That's what Tesla is. 
@_date: 2018-11-17 23:54:52
From this article:
"When brands fare poorly, it is often because automakers haven't worked the bugs out of otherwise solid new models they have introduced."
Remind me, is Tesla one of the newer car companies or has it been around for a long time (even the top American company is in 18th... Creating more of an argument why North Americans can't seem to build cars properly?... Are Korean and Japanese workers just more efficient?)
The article you sent explains how Tesla will slowly move up this list in time. The article also mentions how a new feature (air suspension) also caused some poor reviews.
New technology will always have a few bugs to work out and the model S has only been out for like 6 years. If they didn't innovate that one feature I'm sure they would have been higher up in the ratings for sure.
But I prefer companies who are willing to innovate and take risks, as long as they're willing to stand behind their product and correct any of these mistakes. 
@_date: 2018-11-17 23:25:05
Fucking LOL...
Read your own article.
Here... From the link YOU sent:
"Only 28 Model S owners responded out of a total of 18,000 car owners surveyed".
As you are clearly stupid, Google survey sample sizes and you learn why this survey is completely useless and pointless.
It's 2018, you can find a report showing any type of information you feel like arguing. 
So far, the only evidence you have is an article basing its information off of a statistically useless survey. 
Did you know broccoli is bad for you? I conducted a survey of 5 people who are allergic to broccoli; but according to the survey results 100% of all people shouldn't eat broccoli!!
@_date: 2018-11-18 01:08:17
Based on new features not being reliable not the overall car and how it functions as a car.
@_date: 2018-11-17 23:09:23
No sarcasm here at all, I'm really grateful for your comments as we all should be. 
I'm just worried that because there's so many people driving around with these cars not having any issues at all constantly getting compliments... how are they going to know that their car is going to break down and that it looks terrible?!?! 
It's just so hard to help these people when reality is completely contradicting what you're saying. Don't give up spreading the message!
@_date: 2018-11-17 22:52:25
Phew... Everyone has been on the dark about this, thank you for letting us know. Dodged a bullet on that one!
@_date: 2018-11-18 12:34:24
Facts are facts. Send me articles that are using facts and not articles creating surveys to fit their narrative.
@_date: 2018-11-18 12:20:10
I hope they're not using the same air suspension system from the 90s.
I hope they're using something that's new and innovative and might need some working out.
The car didn't have this feature for 5 years and because they're adding it now it's affecting a poorly-executed survey.
But the overall review of a car shouldn't be based on a couple of new features that have a few small bugs that need to be worked.
Have you heard of the expression throwing the baby out with the bathwater? This is exactly what you're doing here.