@_author: murphy_nelson
@_date: 2017-12-11 18:41:52
This is honestly the ultimate goal for my wife and me.  We are planning on holding our Bitcoin for as long as possible and almost certainly will not cash it out within 5 years...but living in the Bay Area where housing is outlandishly expensive and 20% down is all but required with median home prices WELL over $1M in many communities, if our holdings ever rise to a down payment for a house we'd otherwise be unable to afford, we'll cash out then and forgo future appreciation of Bitcoin.  That of course doesn't mean we aren't pursuing traditional means of saving for a down payment because we don't want that to be our only avenue for homeownership in case Bitcoin tanks for whatever reason, but if that helps us establish homeownership in a prime community we won't just stick to traditional savings.
Also I think the ultimate preference would be to not cash out all of it either even if we do take out for a house.
@_date: 2017-12-11 18:38:59
If you look into Christian theology that wasn't the issue Jesus had though, it was conducting business and trading in a building designated for worship and conflating the two (profitability/business/trading vs worship) which still has theological implications for discussions about mega churches that focus more on generating money for the leaders than worship.  But there is a fascinating church history of the discussion of greed in terms of interest rates in that some communities quantified certain interest and/or inflation rates as being permissible, but to step outside those rates was considered greed.
@_date: 2017-09-04 16:21:51
I work in real estate and we of course deal with people "waiting to buy when prices get lower" (aka never actually buy) all the time.  I know so many people that have priced themselves out of the market and gave up giant future gains because they were waiting on short term small savings on the buy side that never actually materialized.
The reality is if you believe in the commodity's potential to rise significantly over time, you don't make money on how you buy, you make money on how you hold.
If, say, BTC rises to $40,000 at some point, and you waited for it to drop to $2,000 instead of $4,000, you made a profit of $38K vs $36K.  If it raises to $100K you made a profit of $98K vs $96K.  If it raises to $200K you made a profit of $198K vs $196K.  So as it continues to rise (if you believe it will), the "savings" are pretty negligible.
The risk is that it then bounces back instead of dropping while you're waiting, and then is pushed to beyond your comfort zone.  If, say, it rises to $6K before dropping to $2K and $4K was the absolute most you can do and you didn't buy it there, then you're out and instead of "saving" $2K you've given up a profit of $36K, $96K, and $196K in the above examples.
If your goal is to "flip the house", or sell and buy BTC on every peak and trough for short term profit boosts, then of course how you buy really matters.  But if you want to hold for the long play, then nickel and dime-ing at the risk of pricing yourself out of the market is much riskier (IF you can afford to hold, that is).
Of course, for the above to make sense you need to buy into BTC continuing to appreciate over the long term.  But if you're not convinced, then why buy it anyway?
@_date: 2017-09-04 17:13:32
And that's admittedly fair.  But a lot of people seem to be acting like they're still in the market to buy just one, "but we won't buy it now, when the price drops, definitely".  Not that they're waiting to buy multiples.