@_author: musts6star
@_date: 2014-12-07 11:58:39
Other guy, Otto mentioned, got the same letter, threatening him with 3 years in prison and or 32K EUR in penalties. This guy got ripped off at bitcoin site called localbitcoins. 
I had a chat with this guy and it was a bizarre story. 
If I remember correctly, 2 buyers of bitcoin attempted to cancel the transfer after receiving his coins. When he refused to return the funds, Danske bank reported it to police or something like that. Police (RAB) froze his entire bank account and not only the sum in question. Because it was right before X'mas, bank and police did nothing until January. He got some bull shit excuses about vacations and what not. 
First, police attempted to charge him with money laundering and running illegal business of alternative money transfers (2 bitcoins? LOL).
This bull shit blew up, because police actually realized how stupid it was. Then they accused him for aiding computer fraud. Lets not forget, this guy was the  victim of a typical fiat transfer scam. Eventually, this bull shit charge blew up too.
While police was wasting money on investigation and trying to figure out wtf is Bitcoin, chief of RAB (money laundering prevention unit or something like that) Aivar Paul (ex bank employee, btw) was practically lying to the media and telling everyone that they have not harassed Ott nor anyone else.
 
Aivar Paul victory dance did not last long because none of the trumped up charges stuck, police (RAB) lost and had to compensate the lawyer fees after they had harassed this guy for several months. There was no public apology for the harassment and witch hunt. 
My point is that only way to communicate with those buffoons is to have a lawyer with you. NEVER EVER trust Estonian police or anyone working for them. Be ready for the most absurd and illogical interpretations of the law. Never ever talk to them alone. Have a witness and record everything they say or write. You have a right to do so but you must tell them you are recording the conversation. 
Estonia police is in a really shitty state. Massive cutbacks, politicization etc have probably forced all the honest people out and police is left with mindless puppets and power hungry sadist (the infamous police dog and the guy on the ground happening).
@_date: 2014-12-07 12:10:42
MtGox of course :) 
@_date: 2014-12-16 17:59:31
You are correct. This year has bee a horror for BTC.  
But we got 15 days left to make this statement wrong :)
To da Muuun!
PS! When neck deep in shit, don't let your chin down!
