@_author: mutantoctopus
@_date: 2016-12-11 03:26:36
Maybe they should've. I'm not saying that I think they should've done what they did. But my problem is with the way people who are opposed to "the MSM" are using this as if it's some damning evidence that they're all liars and cheats.
Are they biased? Sure, I can accept biased. Was this stupid? Sure. Could they have done it differently, and better at that? Yeah. But people are taking this image as proof that the MSM is made up of "fake news". If you ask me, this isn't fake news, this is ratings. Fake news is making up a crime, or the details of a crime, just to be able to report it. This is a silly ratings grab but I don't think it means what everyone is trying to derive from it. To their credit (from what I've read), the field is even the same field where the incident occurred - literally the only falsified thing is the police tape.
I'm just getting so upset that it feels like so many people are taking whatever they can get their hands on - fake police tape, "cheese pizza", "alt-right" -- and running it way past what it actually *means* so it can fit their views. If you show me that a mainstream news outlet fabricated a whole story, or crucial details of a story, to fit their "narrative", I'll accept that *that* is fake news. But I'm tired of people running things into the ground when they don't mean half of what they want it to.
EDIT: And no, I don't want to get into a "real" fake news story. I just wanted to voice my opinion on the "police tape" issue.
@_date: 2016-12-11 03:36:13
I personally don't believe Pizzagate, not because the original investigation was based on a false premise but because I don't believe any (or most) of the information that has been gathered since is anything more than circumstantial, tangentenial, classic conspiracy connections. And yes, I've seen the majority of the main arguing points for it. They don't convince me. If some more tangible evidence comes to light I'm willing to rethink my stance but all I'm saying is so far none has come forward for me personally.
@_date: 2016-12-11 02:49:19
Deceiving how? That they're not "at the scene of the crime"? Is that it?
@_date: 2016-12-11 21:17:13
You never really retracted your original statement about this being an "alt-right" thing. Your clarification seemed to read as though you were saying that fake news and alt-right goes "hand in hand" eg. something of one is automatically the other. If you meant to say what I was saying then it didn't come across that way to me.
@_date: 2016-12-11 02:36:18
That's the point.
@_date: 2016-12-11 02:41:43
What's the big deal?
The newscasters want to indicate to viewers that they're covering a crime, but they don't want to be near the crime scene because the investigating officers in the background, as well as possible siren noise, could be disruptive to the broadcast, and furthermore the police probably don't want the reporters being in the way of the investigation. So they put up a strip of "police tape" to indicate to viewers (especially viewers who are just tuning in) what they're doing, while being in a more controlled environment than the crime scene itself.
Does that mean the actual story is false? If this report is "fake news" then you need to prove that the *story* they reported is fabricated, not just the backdrop.
@_date: 2016-12-11 02:07:33
As much as I hate to get into a charged discussion like this, [burden of proof is not "other people have to prove you wrong"]( since you can't prove wrong an argument that doesn't exist. Burden of proof means that, if there *is* proof for your claim, *you* are the one who needs to present it. Until you do that, you don't even have an argument to begin with.
EDIT: Also, [saying someone is "stupid MSM PR" just because they're arguing your claim isn't valid either, though that's actually a totally different train of argument you'd need to prove.](
@_date: 2016-12-11 02:34:02
Oh no, you misunderstand.


If we translate this into more proper grammar we get


He was going to make fun of your attempts to sound smart, not "I was going to try and sound smart while making fun of you".
Poor thing.
@_date: 2016-12-11 23:53:03
Hey, maybe I misread it. Happens.
@_date: 2016-12-11 02:18:22
[Composition/division.]( Just because the seeming majority of the alt-right believes in "Fake news" does not mean that all people who believe news is fake are part of the alt-right.
That would be like saying that since mosquitos are bloodsuckers, all blood-sucking insects are mosquitos.
@_date: 2016-12-11 02:28:27
Yeah. The story's real. They can tell it on any backdrop they want. Putting up a piece of halloween tape doesn't mean that they're not telling a real story, and putting up the tape gives tuning-in viewers the immediate recognition that they're covering a crime story. However, police don't like reporters getting near the crime scenes because it could disrupt the investigation, and reporters don't want people in the background disrupting the broadcast. Hence, image.
@_date: 2016-12-11 02:59:15
I'm defending them because I legitimately don't see why everyone is taking this as proof that the MSM is making up stories left and right. I saw a comment thread from someone in that town who said that the news anchors weren't allowed close enough to the crime scene for a "good shot", but that the crime still happened. Maybe it's my silly Northern liberal mind but I don't get why people are acting like stringing up a roll of fake police tape is evidence that the whole thing was staged for ratings.
But maybe I don't know the full story behind this roll of police tape. I haven't looked into it. Care to educate me?