@_author: mutecow
@_date: 2015-06-22 19:09:22


I don't see why I shouldn't be harsh about someone misrepresenting something they very clearly have no business talking about. Him not knowing what futures are isn't something he doesn't realize, his words are not someone who remembered a fact wrong, it's the words of someone who has zero clue about the topic in questions. Yet he felt like he had something constructive to contribute.
@_date: 2015-06-22 02:17:40


Do you not understand the difference between not being able to adjust for information *markets don't have and literally cannot have because it does not yet by definition exist* and not adjusting for information markets have? 
The fact that future prices adjust day by day is proof of the exact opposite of what you're trying to claim. Each extra piece of information is being priced in instantly, thats the reason why the price is converging. The final end settlement spot price is information that does not yet exist and markets cannot possibly be reacting to that at all. 


fyi, you have no fucking idea how dumb this comment is. It's just so impressively ignorant. You're essentially telling everyone that you don't understand the difference between spot price and spot price in the future. You somehow misunderstood things badly enough to think spot price on settlement date, a variable by definition is unknowable, is a known variable, and that it's even possible for the 2 prices to converge when one of them doesn't yet exist. 
stop talking about things you don't understand, it's embarrassing. 
@_date: 2015-06-18 02:25:50
it's amazing how people here are missing the point. Greece's fundamental problem is that it's using euro, a currency it has no control over and that cannot implement policies to adapt to it's current economic conditions. Using btc instead of euro would result in the exact same hole it's in right now. 
@_date: 2015-06-20 16:16:23


Jesus this bullshit again. 
The topic has NOTHING to do with this crap. The monetary issues are economic. It affects everyone. For example, one of the major problem is that it essentially screwed over Greek exports. A country like germany is doing better, under normal conditions they would be able to import more greek goods after exchange rate adjusts to reflect the relative strength/weakness of their currencies, helping to raise greek economic growth and pulling it up. Thats one of the benefits of international trade. Now, since they are both using euro, this effect is lost since greek goods are as expensive to germany as they were. This leaves greek in a flunk since the same applies to a vast majority of it's trading partners. This has jack shit to do with state vs citizen. 
@_date: 2015-06-30 16:02:54




Of course we do. Known information that influence buyer/seller behaviour and expectations are priced in by definition. Whether that expectation is accurate is a whole different issue. You are the one that has no idea what the term means. 
@_date: 2015-06-21 22:01:12


You have no idea what futures are or how they work do you? 
Of course price are disconnected far away from settlement. The price of futures is based on the spot price in the future. Which no one knows. The only time it can converge is when the future becomes the present. 
Every idiot knows futures are going to be the spot price at the date of settlement. But no one knows what that spot price will be. It's a different spot price from the current spot price. 
The information is being priced in instantly. We are just getting the information piecemeal. 5 days before the settlement, we don't know what the spot price 4 days before the settlement will be. The adjustment for that can only happen on day 4.
@_date: 2015-06-30 16:08:07


Future price predictions are not based on individuals, it's based on aggregate. You don't need individuals to make accurate predictions for right valuations. 
@_date: 2015-06-30 15:40:24


Throwing around values without context is dumb. 300b is a lot for you, it not that much in context, relative to the EU's economic heft. Not to mention it has already been preparing for this possibility for a long time and have done a ton in limiting it's damage.   All the players have contingency plans in place. 
A good portion of the impact to euro have already been priced in by the market. Things you can see happening a mile away is not going to affect the market when it does eventually happen. 
@_date: 2015-06-27 17:25:44


half the people here are just too stupid to grasp this. crashing is both a a symptom and a treatment of the underlying issues. Removing that possibility make things worse, not better. 
@_date: 2015-06-25 19:44:00


As opposed to your principle, which is to let poor people die. 
This is not a case of choosing between forcing people to pay into health care or not forcing them, stop framing it as such. This is a case of choosing between forcing people to pay into health care or letting other people die. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 16:22:48
it has the exact same effect from an economics standpoint. you are simply a pseudo-mint thats printing and destroying money at the same time to ensure only a fixed supply of "fake currency" exists. This causes value of true bitcoin to fall, because actual money supply = real bitcoin + fake bitcoin.
If you don't get this, then all means wallow in your ignorance. No skin off my back. 
@_date: 2014-06-28 06:45:39


**This statement is entirely baseless.**
The demand is a function of *the price at which they can get those bitcoins*. you're ignoring this. You're also ignoring the fact that they were wanting or needing thousands of coins BEFORE the auction. That demand is not magically having no effect on the market pre auction, its either priced in (actionable) or irrelevant (not actionable).


and you should pick one up. Guess what? Knowledge lets you recognize stupidity. 
@_date: 2014-09-19 18:43:46


which were, at equilibrium before market manipulation plan OP wants to implement, just sufficient enough to fulfill demand at equilibrium price. 
Post market manipulation, they won't. 
Hell, just by buying up bitcoin stock from OTC market, OP's plan would drive "normal" buyers into the exchange. Negating everything he has done. 
@_date: 2014-10-03 20:13:41
yeah, cause Krugman got his Nobel prize based on his studies and contributions to the field of babysitting voucher case how it relates to inflation.
@_date: 2014-06-05 17:01:17


again: they are also possible by other means too. how this is hard to comprehend? 
@_date: 2014-05-07 15:40:07




Yes, because this sort of arguments have never ever been applied to other assets.


again, wrong jargon. Here is a protip, if you can't apply basic jargons correctly during a discussion, perhaps its time to assume you don't know as much about the field as you think you do. 
@_date: 2014-05-11 16:08:00


@_date: 2014-03-13 14:20:58


*why would production be closed down??*
the fuck did that come from?
the farmer still has pigs to sell, the barber still has services to render. They are still exchanging pigs for haircuts. A medium of exchange is still used. 
How the hell did you go from "currency crisis" --&gt; production magically stop? 


This is perfectly logical. There is no native land of bitconia that produces goods to sell for only bitcoin, which means unlike other currencies, ALL bitcoin value is derived from other "actual currencies". 
A dude in the US might accept bitcoins, but he is going to spend usd to live in the US. That means a loss in bitcoin value would mean he needs to accept x% more bitcoin, where X% is exactly the amount of loss in value for bitcoin relative to usd. 
The same isn't true for actual fiat, because domestic production that accepts domestic fiat is an actual thing. Hypothetically, without imports, value of currency relative to other currency does nothing to induce inflationary effects ( aka lower purchase power). The real world has imports, so "effects similar to inflation" will indeed happen, but the magnitude will be drastically reduced. Especially since purchase of imports is a self adjusting behavior, which purchase of USD with bitcoin can't be (you cannot reduce spending in usd, the dude lives in the US). 
I'm not going to argue more about the Zimbabwe situation, except to say you're plain wrong about what you think you know.  
@_date: 2014-04-23 23:00:27
1) there is a limit to the ability of the market to absorb buying/selling of an asset.
Lets look at an extreme case, the ETF is 99% of the market. The ETF wants to sell 5% of its stake. Which means it needs to sell it to 1% of the market 5x what they have or find 5x more individual entities that exist currently to buy the stuff. 
If that ETF is instead 10,000 participants, some of the will be buying, some will be selling, the net aggregate sold might be the same, but you can expect an obvious difference in the ease at which the market absorbs the sale. 
2) another issue is that ETFs are not supposed to influence the underlying asset. They are trackers. They track an asset or a basket of assets.
If you're 99% *of* the market, are you really still tracking the market, or are you tracking yourself? The price of bitcoin is supposed to adjust to real world conditions, but how is it going to do that when only 1% is being held by people who is utilizing it? the stuff that affects bitcoin price most at the time would be the ETF's own daily adjustments. 
Its actually less of an issue since the ETF is only tracking a single asset, but its still an issue nevertheless.
@_date: 2014-04-16 15:47:54


because obviously if i can't explain a complex economy topic in a single reddit reply, i'm wrong. 
go pick up a book yourself, or google it, or read the piles of articles online from about why bitcoin doesn't fit the bill.


I frankly can't comprehend how ignorant you have to be to make this claim at the end. Despite what I said, even basic microecons 101 should have taught anyone better. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 13:09:06


All of this are **assumptions**. Which also happen to be **wrong**. You're telling me you've never seen or filled out any sort of information form with non-required parts that you can optionally fill out? Really? 
 Thats why people here think you're a dumbass, because your base assumptions are stupid. Protip: Don't use dumbass logic to justify yourself as not being a dumbass. 
@_date: 2014-05-14 22:21:17


except you were responding to a post that was responding to OP's post. 
@_date: 2014-07-29 17:41:45
because credit cards and debt cards are totally not a thing. 
@_date: 2014-06-17 18:50:20


No. Its to protect their customers from having their bank account emptied through a method that the bank cannot help them with (aka reverse). Its called customer service.


THIS IS NOT A BENEFIT. How is this difficult to understand? HSBC is not an ebay merchant, they are a financial institution. Their customers are not random assholes who grabbed a CC/bitcoin wallet off the ground (or the digital equivalent to that). It's to their actual owners. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 14:07:06
We left the gold system for a reason. There is also a reason why "going back to gold standard" is fringe economics. 


Rejection of a school of thought is not the same as being ignorant of it. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 02:38:37


Wtf do you think persecution fraud's ultimate aim is? Vengeance? Why the hell would markets care about that? The whole point is prevention. Persecution is just a mechanism to achieve that aim.  
you think sending mark to jail by itself will impact the bitcoin market? You think it will magically remove the damage? You think MtGoX's customers will get their money back?


So this "beholden to competition" thingie is not enough to keep the 2nd party honest (thus requiring 3rd party intervention to begin with), but its sufficient to keep 3rd party honest? Do you even think about wtf you're saying?  


No you idiot. 3rd parties consist of "dispute resolutions, insurances and fraud protection". 3rd parties are not direct participants of the business transaction. Thats what 3rd parties mean in economics. Similarly, 4th parties are not competitors of the 3rd. They to the 3rd what the 3rd is to the 1st and 2nd. 4th = fraud protection against the 3rd party thats offering you fraud protection. Same with 5th and 6th. 


This has nothing to do with monopoly. Thats not the key difference we give a shit about.
This has everything to do with the fact that regulatory bodies are not profits seeking. they have no direct incentive to do whatever it takes for $$. 
You're fears are that the 2nd party will screw you over because free market = they do whatever they think they can get away with, so long as they believe the reward justifies the risk. Thats why the 3rd party's job exist to begin with. If the 3rd party acts with the EXACT SAME convictions as the 2nd party, then hiring a 3rd party does absolutely nothing for you. 
If a private 2nd party company in a business transaction might try to engage in fraud, then the same applies to any 3rd party you bring in to check on the 2nd.


Are you seriously this stupid and ignorant? Holy shit I gave you way too much credit when I assume you're a kid who just took econs 101. This is literally the stuff you learn there. 
**It matters because the whole crux of your argument is that consumers can make optimal decisions for themselves**
If they don't have the ability to obtain the required knowledge, then they obviously can't. You can't make a choice on banks unless you understand what to look for when vetting them. You also can't made a choice on banks if the banks are using their financial resources to manipulate information and mislead you. 
Corps trying to manipulate information and mislead people ALREADY HAPPENS. Its not a fairy tale scenario. And thats with regulations in place limiting their ability to do so. 
Real world example: Big tobacco. If not for health regulators literally forcing them every step of the way, their campaign to mislead the public about the impact of cigarette smoke would have gone on for decades longer. They would have continued to use their resources (financial or otherwise) to both mislead and silence. 
Going back to you shitty walmart example, without regulation, walmart sell you a substandard pen and not give a shit about it when you complaint, because fuck you what can you do to them? You're gonna sue them? They will crush you. Are you going to try and get the word out to mobilize the market? They will use misinformation to limit your voice and, again, crush you. 


The pervasive effects of information asymmetry in markets have been documented and studied in numerous contexts.
Again, the importance of perfect information and the real life market's information asymmetry distorting market is literally econs 101 stuff. 


if this is your response, fuck off and go away. You have no place in this discussion.
@_date: 2014-05-27 18:43:37


you will always be bound by the house's condition, the house will never be bound by your max if your max exceeds the houses'. If your max is lower than houses' max, the hosue doesn't care to begin with.
Ask yourself, who is bound by whose condition here?
@_date: 2014-05-12 15:06:33


your "solution" is just the assumption of the the absence of the same exact problem when applied to something else.  The problem was never the "what", its "allowance" and "having enough".
**I might as well as claim paypal would have been the perfect solution. Or google payments**. If I can vary the "what" to produce solutions that are just as valid, then the "what" is not the solution to being with.


you not having the intelligence to recognize basic logic doesn't make me a troll. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:40:01


yes, like how a deposit box cannot be opened by the bank themselves. 


Like items in a deposit box. Because Bank B has no legal ownership of it. The bank, no matter how desperate, cannot open the dman box and use the funds/valuables. 


**neither does using cash**
you can replicate every single banking service with cash, just like you can with m-n. doing it with cash is going to significantly increase costs, just like with m-n. The bank will need to make up for lost profits. 
your services in a traditional bank is heavily subsidized by profits they generate from loans off those deposits. Thats why you pay so little. A bitcoin bank would need to do the exact same thing. If the service you want doesn't allow them to get that profit and remain sustainable, then you need to make up for it out of pocket.
@_date: 2014-08-12 21:27:55
because bear stearns proved there is no risk to that decision and it will work exactly as planned. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 17:05:37
They assumed their transaction partner has non-significant counter-party risk. Is it such a surprise? If it were not the case they won't be doing any business with mtgox to begin with. 
@_date: 2014-12-16 18:05:04


Which is entirely irrelevant since that's not deflation,thats just a sale. 
Would you buy more stuff when you expect price to fall furthering the future? Do you buy when you see a 10 percent off Sale when you know it will be 20 percent off a few weeks later during xmas? 
@_date: 2014-05-26 16:15:02


wtf is this supposed to even mean? 
what the fuck does an exchange being an accounting platform have to do with anything (i understand what you mean, buts its a shitty description btw)? Fees paid to the company is part of THEIR business accounting. Its separate from the exchange. 
What does the exchange's revenue/profit/costs have to do with the logs on the exchange itself? 


reconcile what with what? 2 entirely separate ledgers about 2 entirely separate things?  
@_date: 2014-11-30 19:09:07


and why exactly would a company need to give out money for users to buy stuff from places other than their company during an ad campaign?
the only reason why this stunt even worked this time round is because bitcoin is the product. In fact, giving out bitcoin would be far less useful for any other company truing to do similar marketing, compared to giving out a product code/gift card of what the company is trying to market.
Hell, you can easily pull the same stunt for prepaid visas too if the point is to give out cash.
Trying to applying this to anything other than rushwallet or other related service is just a solution looking for a nonexistent problem. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 17:26:08


it was a good laugh. 
@_date: 2014-10-27 15:02:51
That was never the question. Spending has nothing to do with price. Only cashing out does. It doesn't matter how high or low btc price is. If you spend btc and rebuy what you spent, you are no better or worse off than if you spent fiat directly. They question was always why you should bother with the extra step of using bitcoin instead of fiat directly, especially when you have to incur volatility risk
@_date: 2014-05-14 22:15:13
or you could read that link he already gave you
@_date: 2014-06-30 18:01:28


I wrote exactly what i meant. The fact that your communication skills failed you is none of my business. The fact that you can't understand that "always" when used doesn't necessarily mean "till the end of time" in no way makes my usage wrong. Thats a failure on your part to recognize the implicit assumptions given the context. Either that or your education system.


Really? You're gonna try and define "period without a magical technological breakthrough that eliminates any and all demand for gold" as short term? 
Don't go full retard. 
@_date: 2014-05-06 19:02:55
they don't. A third party pay it in sgd, while accepting your bitcoin. The title is plain misleading. 
I could cash out my bitcoins for fiat and pay for everything too, doesn't mean bitcoins can now be used to pay for everything. 
@_date: 2014-08-12 21:31:06


No, the problem with this sub is that it's an echo chamber of that sentiment.


It's what consumers care about. They don't care about the other distinguishing features. Seriously, your average consumer don't give a shit about decentralization, they don't think the gov will take their money if they hold it as cash in a bank, they don't think the usd is going to collapse, they don't think inflation is a scam.
Is the above statement really something you think needs to be debated? You really think the market in general believe the stuff i've listed above that makes bitcoin's other features relevant? Unique selling points that consumers don't give a flying fuck about doesn't matter. 


no, they don't. the tech behind bitcoin offers a lot of possible improvements + a different suite of advantages/disadvantages with appeal to sufficiently large enough group of people. 
@_date: 2014-08-12 20:21:40
Thats, again, not a generation of anything. It's changing values in an exchange's database to mislead the market by painting a different picture than actual market condition. 
Mt.Gox still has the exact same amount of of bitcoins, they just painted the "windows" of the "warehouse" to make it seem more/less to observers using that window to see into the warehouse. 
@_date: 2014-08-14 13:45:31


yes, just like fiat. Except the "value" here is more volatile because gov backing provides a minimal level of assurance of value.


Tokens with guaranteed digital scarcity allows for implementation of certain systems for transaction use that hold a different set of advantages/disadvantages compared to current systems being used. It's not just about digital scarcity, it's about how the tokens being backed by digital scarcity can be utilized. 
Can you create an alt cryptocurency to replace bitcoin in it's functions? Yes. Totally. The issue is that the network effect would be difficult to overcome, but not impossible. People here like to act like this makes bitcoin invincible and it's potential replacement an impossibility. 
@_date: 2014-06-15 16:03:56


I didn't do the calculations. But based on a 9.5 day period and 10-20% variance per day, its not unreasonable. 


this is not required. You just need to upgrade your miners to keep up with conditions. Which minders are doing. 


nothing to do with leverage whatsoever. The 50-50 stock illustration is well know phenomenon. In this case, you won't lose money like the example for the stock, but your positive payout will be reduced.  
and again,this is the most important point. **increasing difficulty means while it technically "works both ways", in the long run it won't even out. You're gambling. you might come out positive or negative, but you won't come out even steven.** 
If they want this "feature", miners would go to saitoshi dice. 
@_date: 2014-05-27 19:34:35


really? you think Regression to the mean changes the probability of what happens in subsequent data?
No you idiot, it just means your "average" is now more accurate. Actual volatility is constant. Since everything ends at a point where volatility pushes you to 0,  regression to the mean is irrelevant. 


Do you even understand what Martingale is? Martingale does not affect change in volatility whatsoever. It doesn't even change volatility %, it only changes volatility magnitude. Which we are not even remotely discussing. 
@_date: 2014-06-28 06:07:20


no you idiot, its not. Its the market demand that is not met by other firms (bitcoin sellers) in the industry at a given price. 
Jargons have actual meanings, stop making up shit. 


and those people are not interested in bitcoins BEFORE the auction is concluded? 
Residual demand is about demand **at a given market price**. If they can't get bitcoins for X price form auction, they don't necessarily want the same amount, or any amount, after the auction at a different price. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 14:13:05


Which means that some of the  protection we enjoy in legacy banking and investing does not exist for bitcoins.
Mtgox is the perfect example. No regulation = no one doing any sort of check up/audit on how their operations are being performed or the their financial assets' status. 


literally hundreds of other points. The fact that you don't seem to have anything but the most elementary understanding of what regulation consist of is telling.


Its infinitely easier for those things to be funded with bitcoins. There are tons of regulations and requirements imposed on financial institutions specifically to root out and prevent those activities. 
Does that mean it doesn't happen? Of course not. But its a lot more difficult.
@_date: 2014-06-15 15:44:21


no, they are not. Read what I was replying to. Hell, you yourself did the calculations for variance. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 03:31:34


Negative interest rate on a loan = you can still reap the benefit of that loan by using it
deflation = you can only reap the benefit if you hold on to your money
his justification for digital currency is to allow for the possibility of negative interest rate, aka he wants to make sure the fed has more tools to implement monetary policies. How the fuck is that pro bitcoin, or even possible with bitcoin? 
People on this sub don't understand basic economics. 
@_date: 2014-12-19 20:12:16


Except the block chain is not the same thing as bitcoin. Block chain based crypto has value, that value can be accessed in unlimited ways. Bitcoin is just one of them. The fact that bitcoin is limited does not mean the method to access value of block chain is. 
@_date: 2014-05-23 13:33:54


Of course I'm arguing semantics. The whole discussion is about what money supply is and isn't. Thats semantics.


Yes, but thats not its money supply.
thats akin to giving market capitalization as the answer to "how many outstanding stocks are there for google", or alternatively giving distance as the answer to "how long will it take to get to X". Its simply wrong.
Frankly, you don't seem to understand what the term "money supply" refers to. Its a measurement of **how many units of a given currency exist**. The total value of that currency relative to something else by itself does not provide that information in any way. 


It is not. Never have been. Pick up your textbook again. 
@_date: 2014-08-15 22:37:47


this has nothing to do with chargebacks. chargebacks is just a feature that irreversibly allows for. It's not even "good", since it penalizes merchants at the expense of consumers. Remove it and the benefits consumers had will just shift to merchants. Fraud protection is a service, some people don't need/want it.
My view is that a majority of customers are willing to pay a premium for the chargeback feature, but thats beside the point and not necessarily correct. It doesn't matter. 
irreversibility removes any sort of ability for a central entity to right mistakes. Which include everything from mistaken transfers to criminal activities to having your login info burned down in a fire. iDEAL is just online banking with less protection. some people are willing to leave no safety net and believe they won't make any mistakes, a lot don't. Online sale's rapid rise is in large part due to the protections offered by CCs.
As far as transaction goes, crypto currencies have their place. I never said they wont every succeed. Just that there are limits to their abilities and they are not going to replace CC/paypal like people here claim. 
Since you brough it up, iDEAL is the perfect example of why bitcoin can be replaced/could still be eliminated. CCs/paypal offering the most barebones of customer service = iDEAL = bitcoin. Paypal can create and make their own crypto currency tomorrow, then use it as a token to create a transaction system identical to iDEAL/bitcoin (if it allows them to bypass regulations barbecue it's a cryptocurrency, even better). To people here, it would be an entirely different thing, to consumers at large, it's the exact same. 
In fact, i think there are hints JP morgan is trying to pull that off. 
on a side note: another point is that iDEAL piggybags on paypal/CC's customer protection. The existence of paypal/CC eliminates scammers from the market. If you change to a pure/or even majority iDEAL/bitcoin market, it would be a lot more chaotic.  
@_date: 2014-03-13 13:49:32
all i got from that is you not understanding what economists are saying


No one says its not worth anything. Its a product with demand, of course its worth something. 
The point is that its NOT A CURRENCY. It can't fulfill the needs of a currency. Currency needs specific attributes to function as an efficient currency, those attributes are described in its definitions. At its current form, bitcoin is nowhere achieving those requirements. 
Thats why we don't generally refer to gold as currency in the modern world, because it can't fulfill a currency's needs. Its an asset, one which you can use to hedge since its an asset whose value is counters movements of many other assets. You can use it as a store of value if you want, just that you can do so by buying stocks or literally anything else thats not perishable. But my cabbage babies aren't currency, neither is bitcoin in its current form.
No one is making a claim bitcoin isnt an asset you can invest in to making a killing off. The argument is whether its a currency (it isn't) and whether it could turn into a currency (it lacks certain innate attributes we want in our currencies).
You're ignorant. 
@_date: 2014-11-29 13:36:04


yeah, because it's entirely impossible for a merchant to pull the exact same stunt with a gift card code...
@_date: 2014-09-19 18:57:48
Don't be stupid. Of course a country can default on it's debt. Printing money to pay debt is a choice, not a law of physics. choosing to print and choosing to default are both options. You just have to choose one of the 2.  
Not to mention anyone with half a brain can see that i'm talking about a default equivalent scenario, which includes paying through inducing hyperinflation. Arguing semantics just make you look retarded. 
@_date: 2014-07-01 12:12:29


No. 
The fact that something *can* always be used does not give it value. The fact that it *will* always be used does. The former does not insinuate the latter. Nothing you've said proves it will always be used. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 18:01:12


And there would be no banks, just storage rental lots.  
@_date: 2014-06-18 23:03:40
Well, thats one of announcing to the world you have no idea what NSADAQ does. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 22:01:22


so? if bitcoin's value drops, you also lose the investment. 
@_date: 2014-05-23 06:26:38
Sound argument you've got going there supporting his expertise. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 13:23:54
price floor refers to price floor of gold. Its existence gives gold intrinsic value. 
@_date: 2014-06-27 12:17:25


No, it means you still accept the one that gives you the most profit. That same arbitration company you hate will be loved by consumers. Not choosing them is going to cost you.
@_date: 2014-03-02 19:05:18


Abso-fucking-lutely. 
I am denying that fractional reserve banking NOT existing is possible. 
Ergo, your argument boils down to: if this entirely impossible scenario (as proven by history) happens, its better.
If something WILL ALWAYS exist, then protecting that system from failure and abuse is absolutely valid. 
wtf are you claiming otherwise? what is your perceived result of "no regulatory protecting it"? how is that going to be superior to the current system? You might be using the word protect, but its clear your meaning is "enable"


thats your words.
**Its wrong, because there will be HIGHER threat from bank runs.** Because fractional reserve banking would still exist. Just unregulated (aka pre-great depression)
@_date: 2014-05-16 21:20:39


you sell them to circle at discount relative to market prices elsewhere. Hence paying part of the hidden fees. The other part was paid by the purchaser when he bought the coins at a premium. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 20:02:01


why do i need to when i just proved it irrelevant? I just showed why 99% of those on this sub are also Statists. You're accusation did literally nothing in somehow identifying me as a troll. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 13:22:49


no it doesn't. The fact that it would still be used industrially means there is always going to be a minimum floor. Because usage is inversely proportionate to price, and price is inversely proportionate to usage, there exist a minimum equilibrium price.
That is the intrinsic value. Its a fraction of total value, but its there nevertheless. 
@_date: 2014-04-13 04:15:52
That's an explanation of how the tech allows such an action to be accomplished. Thats not remotely the point. The point is WHY people would do it in the first place.
They won't.


So? It matters to the people DOING IT. If my bitcoins are going to be worth $120 next week, wtf would I spend it to buy 100 dollars worth of goods now? 
Hell, what your saying can easily be accomplished even without any tech whatsoever. We use contracts to accomplish the exact same end result for gold/grain/stocks. This isn't some magical solution to an unsolvable problem.


this statement by you previously, is franky, just idiotic. 


This matter why and how? What is the worth of decentralization? Its not a stultification for anything, its not even superior. 
@_date: 2014-06-26 12:19:04


and where did he say or imply this? 
He is pointing out how things could still fail because factors within a given environment are not yet conducive enough, thats absolutely true.  
Stop making up obviously stupid strawmans. 
@_date: 2014-11-12 16:32:07


This is just stupid. How does bitcoin change anything? Will using bitcoin as currency eliminate the securities market?  Does bitcoin remove the need for loans? Does bitcoin mean mortgages are a thing of the past? Why the fuck does the currency matter when the issue is bankers misrepresenting the level of risks of the underlying security being sold,  intentional or otherwise? How the fuck does bitcoin prevent bad loans and mortgage fraud? 
@_date: 2014-05-09 19:28:45




Nice going there. 
Obviously if consumers gets protection from fraud, they are depending on babysitter. If retailers gets protection, its perfectly justified. The logic is impeccable. 


So the solution is to transfer all the burden to the consumer instead? Oh gee, I wonder how consumers are going to react.
Not to mention this is not even relevant to the discussion at hand. Retailer burden does not make the "no fraud" accretion any less retarded or misleading. 


obviously, the solution to this issue is to make it such that individual consumers have no leverage with businesses instead. Bravo, you are a true wizard.
@_date: 2014-12-11 03:48:34


In short? Yes. 
@_date: 2014-07-26 19:15:48


No. 
You believe that is the case. That is not the case. That was never the case. They never claimed it is the case. Everyone but you understood that.
tldr: you're an idiot.
@_date: 2014-10-05 15:51:06


yeah, cause the value of that resource relative to every other resource totally doesn't matter. 
@_date: 2014-07-31 12:19:35


Collapse of the actual economy was the underlying problem, hyperinflation is the symptom. 
@_date: 2014-05-30 19:27:49
Or alternatively, price increase is attracting speculators. 
@_date: 2014-08-15 20:33:04


by all means, go on not understanding economics and pretending the collapse is going to happen anyday. You guys have been doing it for 60 years, whats 60 more?  
@_date: 2014-05-16 04:34:26


"signing the papers" is a figure of speech, not a phrase referring to the physical act. The ToS is the contract. That contract is both **binding** and **enforceable** because both parties are using a payment/sales system that does not allow for anonymity and is centralized such that central agencies have direct control. This is not the case for bitcoins. Those 2 factors are paramount. 
How the hell are you going to achieve enforceability? the anonymous owner of a wallet is refusing to redeem the colored bitcoin...now what? Is there a central agency that has the power or ability to enforce the contract? Can they go into his wallet and move funds? 


yes there are. There are numerous such reasons. A contract is between know identifiable parties, which goes against the central tenet of bitcoin transactions.


yes, and its just as worthless. I don;t think you fully comprehend the notion that words on a paper /= contract.
@_date: 2014-10-08 18:45:27
It has intrinsic properties due to math. It has no intrinsic value. You have no understanding what that term means. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 02:54:45
digital =/ imaginary
@_date: 2014-03-13 15:30:19


this has got to to be a troll.
You canèt understand the difference between "setting a specific value" and "giving value"?
 dictates that it has value /= dictacts exactly what that value is
I've been literally repeating this mantra for the last 3-4 replies 


this does NOTHING to validate what you were saying. You aren't even identifying the aspect of your argument thats wrong. No "wrong given a given interpretation of a specific school of economics", but "wrong given every single school's understanding of how markets fundamentally work and adjust to work."  
again: the gov did not set a value on how many shells for a given car.


yeah sure, so is gold, and stocks, and bonds, and my house, and beanie babies. Using your reasoning , they are all currencies, just not good nor stable.
@_date: 2014-08-09 17:31:05
You can't understand why a sub that specifically limits policy/politics debate banned you for posting an article called "Bitcoin is barely regulated — and these congressmen want to keep it that way"?
I'm not sure which is more stupid, that you're surprised at the ban or that you think changing the title and pretending this is just an article about "bitcoin demo day" would work
@_date: 2014-04-16 15:17:34


This is what happens  when you think econs 101 is "enough" economics. Like 90% of this subreddit, you don't seem to have the faintest clue about what "currency" and "money" means or needs to be. 
@_date: 2014-04-11 19:24:10


1) Why the fuck would jonny, who is sending $100 to jim, care whether it goes through a centrlaized system? 
2) Neither can you do it decentralized under bitcoin. Which *is the point*. You don't get to transfer money on an institutionalized basis, using bitcoin or otherwise, without abiding by things like AML, which means you need a central agency doing due diligence. 


Oh wow, the examples you gave to justify this position is illuminating. 
@_date: 2014-06-18 23:06:04
Read that link again. This is a classic example of prisoner's dilemma, each party is better off choosing to stay with Ghash no matter what other players choose to do. Nash equilibrium dictates the exact opposite of what you're saying. 
@_date: 2014-08-21 14:55:38
Seeing as the doubling came mostly from the 4 month period from sept to dec 13', then crashed before  stagnating from jan till now (despite of   whats sounds to be increased merchant adoption over this period)...
yeah, it doesn't paint as super awesome picture for the past 12 months like you're implying. 
@_date: 2014-03-03 17:59:30


yes, if you're idiot who doesn't understand what he is reading.
**every single activity "banking, in the modern sense of the word" consist of is already being performed prior to that.** 
the the difference between in the modern and prototype versions is in terms of scale and scope. Before the modern version of banks, there are multiple difference businesses performing the various functions for more limited groups of people/activities. The fact that they horizontally integrated doesn't magically mean a new sector or industry is born. 
stop arguing semantics. 


They are performing **banking services in the exact same way a bank does, just on a smaller scale**.
A bank, in the modern sense of the word, as they are using,  is just a incorporated business doing the same things multiple individual entities were doing prior. This is the difference between individual farmers and a collective. 
@_date: 2014-06-23 22:14:37


wtf do you think stockprices are based mostly on? 
You wanna look at profits? Sony entertainment's profits mostly comes from movies. Nintendo is having the toughest time its had for the past few decades. Xbox division is so unprofitable that MSFT is thinking of spinning it off. 
None of this even have anything to do with the topic at hand. If people can wait a year to buy ps4, they will wait to buy everything else thats non essential in a deflationary currency environment. thats what we're discussing. 
@_date: 2014-05-28 00:07:09


not to the individual with a million dollar bankroll. 
whether a given amount is negligible to an individual depends on how important that amount is to them, which is almost always directly related to how big a % it is to their overall bankroll. 
@_date: 2014-06-05 16:09:13
It gets passed down only if its persistent over long periods. It isn't going to be. 
Otherwise, your banking fees would be changing every couple of months even before this happened. 
 
@_date: 2014-11-25 05:57:19
And this helps the japanese economy recover, which is the point of having floating currencies in the first place.
On the flip side, just look to europe. 1 euro from italy is the same value as 1 euro from germany, in both 2004 and 2014, regardless of the relative health of their economies. Thats fucking over italy's (and other weak eurozone countries') recoveries badly. 
you have no understanding whatsoever of what you're talking about.
@_date: 2014-09-11 14:07:52


so did people who ended up losing everything. In far, this happens FAR more. 


yeah, because betting 90+% of your wealth on a high risk asset like bitcoin is just like holding stock in your own company that you're managing. There is absolutely no difference. /s
@_date: 2014-05-22 03:26:19
Not just that, the points he made to justify the case for virtual currency is that it allows central banks more tools for implementing monetary policies. Using bitcoins would literally result in the opposite of that. 
@_date: 2014-04-03 14:53:26


so what? Then you repay in labor. money and labor are equivalent, both provide utility. Money is just a storage and measurement of value/utility. 
Dude has all the money in the world ($10), you provide him with $15 worth of labor. Now he owes you $5 of labor or find some other $5 worth of asset. Transactions are exchange of value, the form of that value doesn't matter. 
@_date: 2014-10-01 17:15:35
And again: this saves merchant money HOW? How exactly is the above reply relevant? In what way does it disprove Sanswork's words?
you were the one who stated that the sentiment "merchants will not anything from fraud" as being nonsense. Now you're claiming exactly that. Stratification odes absolutely nothing to prevent cc fraud, or even charge back for that matter. 
**merchants will suffer the exact same costs from fraud, Sanswork is right. You calling his sentiment as being nonsense is wrong**. Either you don't understand the underlying economics, or you don't comprehend what is being discussed in the first place. 
@_date: 2014-09-08 02:07:41
TIL this happens in NK = this can happen to everyone and deserves being worried over. 
Hell, if the above is true, then bitcoin would be worthless since the despotic regime will have control over every single aspect of your life, including your access to basic technology/internet. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 14:25:55


Like how housing prices pre 2007 does not come from current demand for use, but future expected increase in demand for use along with its present ability to store wealth?
Look at the link, the usage of bitcoins for transaction, as a % of total bitcoin, is *decreasing*.
When the price of an asset is jacked up almost solely based on unrealized possible future growth, we call that a bubble. 
@_date: 2014-08-12 22:33:17


This is ridiculous, none of those have anything to do with decentralization. It's simply the result of a mixture of tech + lax regulatory pressure regarding cryptocurrencies.
The only thing decentralization does is to make sure that the tech equipment responsible for the transactions (in this case, the mining rigs) are in the hands of multiple entities. It would make ZERO difference to the tech if 100% of the rigs are now controlled by JP morgan. Whatever bitcoin can do, so can JP morgan in this hypothetical case. 
All the current bitcoin payment service providers and exchanges are centralized entities. **Did coinbase ruin bitcoin and suddenly made it worthless?**
Alternatively, if someone controls 51% of the total mining power, does that instantly remove all those features of bitcoin you were rambling on about? You suddently cannot send coins to africa when the ownership of mining power changes?
JP morgan is just trying to be coinbase/whatever other service provide you can think of, except they would control every single mining rig in existence under their business plan. This will turn you off whatever altcoin token they are using, but the masses wont care, cause they are not looking for cyber gold alternatives. 
what extra would bitcoin offer them compared to that? 
@_date: 2014-05-26 16:45:38


because it makes no sense to have multiple bots to do the exact same thing? Especially when, in this case, multiple bots doing the same thing at the same time makes them less effective at doing that very thing. 


For crying out loud, whats on the exchange is not their internal logs. Its just *a part* of their internal logs. 
Wtf are you even assuming that if its not listed on the exchange there is no log? The exchange's ledgers is not the only place available for mt.gox to log their businesses.
@_date: 2014-08-15 16:21:58
so? 
the solution is not to make an alternate, wrong statement so that it's accessible. Difficult to explain is not a justification for misleading statements. 
@_date: 2014-04-03 15:20:38


Find a bank that will agree to that. you can't just assume this, just that you can't assume a magic unicorn will appear to solve all the issues.


You WON'T. Or at least, employees as a whole won't. 
This is not up for debate. Wage stickiness is a observed empirical fact. It has been observed during multiple different deflationary periods in different markets. 
You're arguing against phenomenons we know to exist for absolute certainty (through empirical observation) with hypothetical we know does not happen in real markets (because we observed the opposite)
@_date: 2014-03-02 18:09:56


The ignorance at play here...
fractional reserve banking predates government regulations. Without regulatory oversight, it just means more risks is taken than should be taken through the practice. Regulatory oversight was implemented BECAUSE unregulated  fractional reserve banking blew up the financial system and caused the great depression. 
The competitive market itself was inducing more and more risky levels of factional reserve banking before 1930s, because it allows for more profits and more revenues to improve services/attract new customers (rinse and repeat). 
@_date: 2014-04-11 22:35:07


the fact that you can type this out and act like its a valid point makes me think you don't have a clue about what AML is.


Good for you. Too bad 1) the gov requires it in multiple jurisdictions and 2) you're not their only customer.
@_date: 2014-06-16 21:35:19


If they did that they would still have the $150 limit. The limit exist for multiple different reasons (make sure a single large withdrawal won't empty the ATM leaving nothing for the next customer; act as customer protection and provide more time for early warning in cases of compromised accounts; other reasons), most of those reasons would still exist whether we're talking CC or debt cards or bitcoins.


They have to worry more about risks due to fraud, because there is now no way to reverse transactions. Not being able to offer any help at all when a customer fucks up (whether its their fault or HSBc's) is not a selling point. 
@_date: 2014-06-05 05:09:45


this is absolutely not true. 


This is only true IF we assume no unexpected shocks that drastically influences price occurs. Look at any graph and you will see the date to next difficulty increase is an estimate. That estimate is based on current mining behavior, which is in turn based on price.  
Since your goal is to use difficulty to predict price, you can't use a predicted growth rate of difficult thats based on a predetermined future price estimate. In short, the statement above would be wrong when there is uncertainty about price (and thus expected future mining behavior) 
Using an extreme example, if price drops to $2 tomorrow, difficulty would plummet as people stop mining. Alternatively, if price suddenly increase by 10x, then difficulty would shoot up as it becomes profitable to increase mining. On the other hand, if half of the miners suddenly left (lets say their server farm blew up), cutting difficulty by half, then it would be profitable to mine and others would just rush into mining and maintain the difficulty.
@_date: 2014-08-26 13:17:03


Because markets are not efficient, thats why government regulation exists




NACHA makes the rules for ACH the same way a bank makes the rules for it's own operations. That doesn't mean those rules are not subjected to oversight by regulatory authorities. 
@_date: 2014-05-27 21:39:01
TIL pointing out a typo makes for a joke. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 01:51:24


so? what has this got to do with the discussion? The point is that there are other ways to pay for stuff online instead of a traditional CC and OP is bullshiting out of his ass. Thats all there is to it. 
Not to mention your point is simply wrong. Prepaid CC and CC are entirely different things. CC's defining feature is that *it is a form of credit*. Prepaid CC is not that. It might be called CC for marketing purposes, but it isn't. Its just a universal prepaid gift card. Its not a subset of CC, its a conceptually different product. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 18:37:54
And yet bitcoin constitutes only 1% of their purchases. Its almost like there is no real impact in spite of the marketing boost. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 17:52:19
people do, its called paypal. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 02:14:39
And that article explains why I'm not so hot on bitcoin. Bitcoin's value comes form its ability to facilitate commerce, yet the stats shows that only a minor fraction are actually being utilized as such, the vast majority are seemingly kept as an investment asset. Thats a big warning sign for a speculative bubble.
this is like the housing crash. Lots of people buying houses, but the houses all remain unused because there was no demand for actually using the product. The only reason housing prices were increasing was because people were buying based on expectation of price appreciation, not because there is demand for its usage. Sooner or latter, it comes crashing down. Just like the housing bubble, there is no way to know for certain how long market irrationality would continue, but it won't be forever.  
@_date: 2014-10-05 01:17:13


yes, thats why most people are going to not take the risk and use paypal. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 18:16:21


like exchanges that exchange x digital currency for Y digital currency?
If they accept no fiat, then technically, under current laws, financial regulatory entities have no jurisdiction. 
@_date: 2014-04-04 03:53:12


and people choose to lend money why again? 


really? the economic principle that "people make decisions that maximize profits" keeps working as per normal when they loan money at a interest rate? 
@_date: 2014-05-15 02:14:27
This is a video for idiots by idiots.
"Imagine how much better off Americans would be if prices are not increasing so rapidly,,..."
Seeing as growth rate of wages and assets/investments in a functioning economy incorporates long term expected inflation, no they won't.
"...if for decades, citizens could have saved wealth under their mattresses"
that amount of stupidity in this part is just staggering. This is an argument for why a deflationary currency like bitcoin is a horrible idea. You have to have literally zero understanding of the basics of economics to think it benefits anyone for wealth to be saved under mattresses. 
@_date: 2014-08-24 17:19:23
Yeah, cause public sector jobs have bonuses that are 1.5x annual salary. Working for a government regulatory dept is obviously the same as working as an investment banker or trader, amiright? 
stop being stupid. 
@_date: 2014-08-17 13:54:22


the fact that you're using an unrealistic definition for bitcoin market share is not an argument for the validity of your calculations. 
garbage in = garbage out
If bitcoin becomes a tool for the transfer of money as you are assuming, it won't have anywhere close to the same level of velocity as the actual money it's being used to transfer. 
Since it's used as a transaction mechanism and has virtually unlimited ceiling as far as velocity is concerned, the value of each coin need not be value high to enable huge transaction volume/size. 
you're changing variables and making assumptions while ignoring the impact of those changes on other variables in the equation. That shoddy work for a physicist.
@_date: 2014-05-13 02:45:26
obviously not! Using bitcoin just makes all the fees go away! Let's just ignore the fact that this 10% is essentially what ebay charges for their service and has nothing to do with the type of payments. 
Bitcoin, like friendship, is magic. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 17:05:45


the fact that you think it does tells me you don't. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 15:21:24
because always doesn't mean "always under all and any possible scenario". Thats not how language works. 
i.e The sun will always rise tomorrow.
Great, not only do you know jack shit about economics, you can't understand the intricacies of basic communication.
**If your point needs you to take things to extremes to justify it, you have no point.** Creating a phantom, entirely unrealistic and baseless tech advance is exactly that.  
Stop being a twat. Its obvious you're just being intentionally obtuse at this point. 
@_date: 2014-04-04 03:32:42


if you actually understand how debt works in the economy, you might realize how ignorant your statement is. 
Someone's debt is another person's asset. Most people have both. They are BOTH loaner and loan-ee. 
@_date: 2014-05-28 15:47:01


Sure, lets assume large players requires prices to be $2-3k before they will enter. How does that translate into "bitcoin will thus reach 2-3k"?
The whole point of that statement, assuming he is paraphrasing the big players correctly, is that they will enter if they see evidence bitcoin usage has increased sufficiently (the identifier being price increase per bitcoin). Thats not evidence it will happen. If it is, they would be buying now. 
@_date: 2014-05-27 21:54:43


as opposed to a state where house as a positive edge? Sure, but thats not what he is claiming. No one here is claiming 50-50 is not better than 40-60.


this is what he said, and its wrong. 
He implies that if you bet long enough, you will breakeven. the actual reality is that if you bet long enough, you will lose everything. Just because break even state has a higher chance of happening for a 50-50 game than for a 40-60 game doesn't mean it will you will reach it before you go broke. 
the game ends when you go broke. the fact that you could had gotten a few straight wins in subsequent games to rise back to break even state becomes irrelevant.
hypothetical case: you play the game, you lose X times in a row, you go broke. X = any number +1
There you go, by virtue of that being possible, the statement "If you bet for long enough you will breakeven! " is wrong.
If you're going to claim he is right, you need to prove this is impossible for all given values of x. Even if he somehow changes his bet dynamically (10% of what he has left), he can eventually get to a point where he is left with 0.01 cents, then lose it. This is ignoring the actual reality of minimum bet limits set down by house. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:45:06
and you have no idea what banking consist of
There is a reason why current exchanges are not using the m-n system. 
@_date: 2014-05-10 14:28:17


thats not a moral or logic justification of your way of thinking better, just a preference. Goes back to my point that both are, at best, both arbitrary decisions. Making neither better and thus no justification for change. 
also, it doesn't make you retarded statement about state stealing from merchant by returning original victims' property less stupid. Frankly, if you have so little idea about the topic that you can't even identify where fraud took place in the scenario, just shut up and walk away.
@_date: 2014-06-27 18:15:03
Please, continue to awe us with jargon from microecons 101. Its very impressive. 
You're acting like residual demand is suddenly a new factor after the auction, instead of it having been a factor influencing price from day 1 of bitcoin market's existence (including right now, one day ago, one week ago and one month ago). Looking at your phrasing and insinuations, I don't even think you understand what residual demand is. Residual demand would have *decreased* after this auction, compared to anytime before the auction. 
@_date: 2014-06-27 04:00:54


1) because people who use bitcoins are not using CC, which are more lucrative. 
2) Also, it will do jack shit to combat fraud through chargebacks. Scammers are not going to pay with bitcoins. Unless they eliminate CCs entirely (which would cost them a lot more potential revenues), scammers will continue using it and continue scamming. Bitcoin only reduces fraud if its the sole payment method you're using (thats not even remotely realistic), *used in combination with CCs, it would just reduce your revenues further.*
@_date: 2014-04-04 18:42:48


Interest rate per month = 100
Labor provided per month = 150
Pay 50 to employees. He pays principle out of those 50.
50 = payout for salaries. Guess what, interest rate is greater than payout. WHAO! MATH MAGIC!!
And i'm not even addressing how this stupid fucking scenario isn't remotely realistic. It WON'T FUCKING HAPPEN.
Stop making up shit up as you go along. Go grab a book and understand how money and banking actually works.
this is like some 5 year old asking "but what if all the stars in the universe blink out tomorrow?"


Oh wow, thank goodness out economy isnt a computer and money isnt water. Wtf is the heat dissipation even supposed to be an analogy of? **Interest does not require you repay them every single second of every single minute or every single hour of every single day**. 
You can aggregate and pay in lump sums over a predetermined given period. Thats how every loan work. 
Seriously, how is this concept difficult to wrap your head around? *Is money being added to your acocunt by your employer by the minute when you're working? Is it being removed by the second from your account to repay whatever loan you have right now?*
@_date: 2014-08-17 20:32:47


The lower the MS ,the higher velocity needs to be to fulfill the same transaction volume. That is all the relation is. There is no bounds, ignoring hardware limitations. 


This is total bullshit. $1 of bitcoin, given infinite velocity, can pay for infinite transaction volume. Simple as that. It matters not what the size of each individual transaction is or total aggregate transaction are. 
We're not living in a world or assuming a world where the only currency is the bitcoin. 


which, by itself, would make OP's assertions and modeling wrong


A well known economic through exercise is the demonstration of how every single debt in the world can be paid off with just $1 usd in the economy. This discussion regarding bitcoin and velocity is no different. In fact, its easier, since we're assuming other currencies exist alongside bitcoin. 
illustration: assume there exist only 1 bitcoin worth $1
If I want to buy $100 usd worth of goods from you, I will spend $1 usd to buy 1 bitcoin, send it to you, you will sell that to the market for $1, I will rebuy it for $1. We do this 100 times. Voila, now you have $100 and i've paid $100 for the goods. bitcoin just facilitated a sale thats x100 times it's market cap. 
the only value a higher price for bitcoin provides is convenience. the need for that convenience decreases with velocity. 
right now, we do not know to what degree velocity will be different from fiat, but we know for certain that it won't be the same. Any model that cannot, with at least some accuracy, predict this variable is worthless. 
@_date: 2014-12-10 21:28:56


1) Bank account has interests, if you can't get a account that makes up for inflation for a 20 year deposit period, you're doing it wrong. 
2) The vast majority do not hold wealth as cash in a bank account. They hold it as assets, which keeps up with inflation. Return on all assets are real return *+ expected inflation*.
3) There is a number of people who do have the majority of their wealth as cash: the poor. In their case, **it still doesn't matter**. Their money are used up within a short period of time, to be replaced by new income, which are, again, periodically adjusted for inflation. For all intends and purposes, their savings are not a set value, but a multiple of their current salary (which again, is adjusted for inflation). If you spend all your income immediately like the poor does, inflation doesn't matter. If you hold your savings for only a short period before spending them and replacing them with new income, inflation doesn't matter. 
If you're an idiot that puts cash under your mattress, then yes, you will lose 20% of your savings. thankfully, this sort of situation literally applies only to you.  
@_date: 2014-08-15 22:27:32


and thats your prerogative. It's mine to look at it half empty. Again, I don't have an obligation to help you hold on to your fragile delusions by tiptoeing around the issues. 
this sub is for discussing bitcoin, positive or negative. It's not your little clubhouse to escape reality
@_date: 2014-06-04 17:53:59


**Again: how does a gradual decrease change that?** 
We're talking about the RATE of change, not the magnitude of change. The end result of graduate rate change is the same as a sudden halfing
@_date: 2014-04-03 15:02:33


really? this statement is based on what objective measure?  
Hell, IF they are overcharging (and I'm not ceding the point that they are), **so what**? The moment bitcoin becomes a credible threat, the overcharging stops. Thats how competition works. You go back to the exact same point of having 2 products, one with consumer protection (charged at a now reasonable rate) and one without (and is made so that it could never have)
Even the basic math is wrong. You won't ever see 3% savings. The service is not perfectly elastic. You will see PART of it. At the end of the day, you're asking people (on both side of the transaction) to give up on pretty much all the major protection they have right now for  1.5% or so of savings. 
That 1.5% is not going to remotely matter as much to consumers as you believe. There are *literally CC right now* with that amount of cash back rewards. They are NOT dominating the market. And thats when they provide equivalent protection to other cards.


this is not remotely the big one. The big one is the 2nd point. You CANNOT turn bitcoin into an institutionalized money transfer service on a large scale without drastically increasing costs. 
The more i read your reply, the more i think you have no clue how the industries you're talking about (whether CC or money wiring/transfer) even works. 
@_date: 2014-08-18 19:25:39


really? then what is? Only people with tinfoil hates thinking the government is going to steal their shit matters to the market? You guys are the ultimate price setters? 


most people performing the vast majority of economic transactions do, or have other alternative means of online payment. 
@_date: 2014-09-08 16:14:33
and the Argentina issues would magically go away if they had gold standard currency? 
Stop being stupid. The peso's issue is a reflection on the Argentinian economy's ills, not the other way round. If nothing else, Argentina devaluing peso is the best mechanism to combat the fundamental issues of their economy. If they had not been able to do so, they would have entered into a huge depression for an extended period of time without any away to get out. the end result would be far worse than some savings being wiped. 
Hell, when agentina's pesos were pegged to USD, it was effectively a pseudo gold standard. They eventually ended up in the hole they found themselves in *because* they decided to artificially limit their ability to manipulate their own currency and throw away the option of monetary policies. 
the option is never between inflation  and everything being right in the world. the option is always between inflation and the thing causing that inflation crashing the party through some other mechanism. 
@_date: 2014-06-06 22:38:59
your dividends are earning dividends every week. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 14:31:26


There is your problem right there. Your business sucks compared to the competition. 
If competitors have higher margins, you're going to get priced out eventual, paypal or no paypal. Thats how free market works. If they don't have higher margins, then your whole rant about losing to the competition is bullshit. 
@_date: 2014-04-16 15:13:54
because its income? 
by renting i meant renting to others. 
@_date: 2014-08-10 16:36:19


**These are literally the sort of people why are least affected by inflation.** Inflation has zero impact on you if you spend every penny you earn. Same applies if your savings/buffer is a constant small constant of your current wage (i.e 4 mths income). This is econs 101. 


It takes a gaping amount of ignorance to think thats the reasoning behind my words. 


None of this has anything to do with inflation itself. Stagnant/declining wages measured by purchasing power will be the exact same regardless of inflation's existence. Remove inflation and your wage's growth rate will/would have decreased by the same amount. Nothing changes. Agan, econs 101.
Inflation's effect on paying interest ranges from neutral (market is perfectly efficient) to beneficial (inefficiencies exist). **There is absolutely no way for inflation to penalize you for paying interest as a borrower.** Do you understand anything at all about what you're talking about?
Stop whining about stuff you clearly have no understanding of. Literally everything you're said is both stupid and ignorant. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 13:57:05


There are no economic and finance "problems" that is solved. Bitcoin just enables an alternative option (no influenced by monetary policies, deflationary, anonymity etc), of which most economists doesn't see as optimal to begin with. There is a reason most economists accepts inflation and fiat. You can choose, personally, to disagree with the general consensus on fiat, but to those who sees no problem with the fiat system, there is no "problem" bitcoin fixes. In fact, to them, bitocoin's future deflation and inability to be managed by monetary policy ARE PROBLEMS.


Just becuase something is new doesn't mean its a new concept. Bitcoin is, from an economics standpoint, essentially just digital+gold+deflationary. simple as that. We understand perfectly well how a gold based currency system works, we understand how deflationary money works, we understand how digital money works. Combining those 3 does not making for something incomprehensible to traditional economics. As far as payment system goes, its online banking/payment as it is right now, with an added layer of possible anonymity and irreversibly. 
Frankly, only idiots who don't understand economics to begin with thinks bitcoin is conceptually new. 
@_date: 2014-05-16 19:09:10


unless circle can create some sort of cost saving somewhere for themselves (which i'm just not seeing anywhere), the amount of extra revenue from spread would have to be equivalent to the amount of revenue from coinbase fees.
@_date: 2014-04-23 22:02:50


and till that happens, his point is perfectly valid. 
Free market means the service provider has the freedom to choose their customers too. Libertarians here seems to conveniently forget that. 
@_date: 2014-06-26 21:29:55


Thats because the option of charge back is always available to you. Even if you don't use it. The fact that you can anytime you want keeps merchants honest. 
How are people missing this point?
Merchants won't try and cheat you because you can just charge back and negate their profits from fraud. There is no conceivable way fraud could work for them. Take that away and merchant behaviour changes. CC protection isn't there to repay consumers for fraud, its to prevent it from happening to begin with. Your example just proved it works. 
@_date: 2014-08-20 14:42:05


you're comparing the 2 under different environments. Market equilibrium ensures bitcoin will have no such advantage after it is introduced. 
Also, you're not looking a the right bills. Look at Treasury Inflation Protected Securities and it's equivalent elsewhere. 


ALL monetary system forces people to invest for that reason. you lose purchasing power when everyone else in the economy gains value but you.


if other people in are economy are gaining value and you are not, the purchasing power of your savings are reduced. 


a 2.7% ror for tbills means you're losing 3% after 10 years, given the current inflation rate of 3%. People are not jumping from risk free into risky because of 0.03% annual loss of value. 
those are not options, it's an illusion of option. a rational person in an economy has no choice other than to invest (even buying a house to live in is an investment in real estate asset). Deflation or inflationary currency does not in any way change this fact. 
This is the case under fiat. This was the case under gold standard. This will still be the case when monetary base is deflationary. 
so sum up, the simple answer to that question is this: from an economics perspective, that option does not exist. 
@_date: 2014-04-16 17:57:42


why not? its the truth. 


My argument is not that you're stupid, my argument is the various points i wrote to illustrate exactly why it is you are stupid. 
You being stupid is the conclusion. Not the argument. There is *huge* difference. 
@_date: 2014-05-09 18:41:23


He is absolutely talking in economic terms. "what X is worth without being able to trade it" sums up intrinsic theory of value in economics.
thats why stocks, or any other assets, have "market value" and "intrinsic value". Market is what you get when trades exist, intrinsic is what you get when there is no trade. 
Its also why in a totally efficient market, intrinsic value = market.
you literally have no fucking clue what you're talking about. 


the common base for conversation is the unit of measurement. It has nothing to do with trading.
thats why the innate value of a stock would be in $X dollar amounts and not the marginal utility of  $X for that specific individual. 


again, you exhibit a gaping ignorance on basic jargon. Economic value does not mean what you think it means. Using the above example, $X would be the economic value, not the *variable* marginal utility of  $X for a specific individual. 
@_date: 2014-04-11 18:53:58


did you even read what he wrote? 
@_date: 2014-07-19 20:24:30
This again. 
Scammers won't use bitcoins. The customers willing to use bitcoins are not going to be the ones doing charge backs in any significant amount. Unless you can transition to a system where you only accept bitcoin and suffer no backlack in sales from that change in payment format, having bitcoin as an option does nothing to remove chargeback instances. 
If you go even further by loweing prices for bitcoin paying customers while maintaining prices for CC, chargebacks will become a bigger % of revenue instead of less. 
@_date: 2014-06-07 20:37:58


No, there is always a way. It just might not be accepted, *like how bitcoins are not always accepted*. If you're going to drag retailer willingness into this discussion, then bitcoin is a joke compared to prepaid credit cards. 
@_date: 2014-05-09 18:57:31


Thats not "no fraud", thats "not giving a shit about fraud". Its telling your scammed customers to fuck off because you just want to keep the money. This is my exact point. 


you know what else could do this exact same thing? CC companies starting to not give a shit and making it impossible for customers to report fraud.
The money is still stolen, there is still fraud. intentionally making the system such that you have plausible deniability (justified by intentional ignorance) does not change reality.


they still won't sell to those places if you pay in bitcoin or gold. Did you believe Amazon will magically gain the ability to ship items to afgan if they start accepting bitcoins? 


and bitcoin insurance does? 
**That tweet is the equivalent of "hey look how much easier the job is when you remove the obligation for customer service and protection!!" and your argument is the equivalent of "I want to keep stolen money"**
Additional note latter added: When the merchant is paid with stolen assets, he/she is defrauded by the fraudster. The fraudster used assets that does not belong to him to exchange for goods.  Any goods lost will only be regained if the police manages to find it. The stolen assets is the property lost by the initial victim. and since the police managed to find it, its returned to its rightful owner. Both parties (initial and subsequent victim) are treated the exact same way.
Does fraud exist with bitcoin? Of course it does. This asshole tweeting just thinks its a great idea to *pretend* fraud didn't happen to him, so that he can morally justify keeping stolen property and replacing his own losses due to fraud with other people's losses due to fraud.
Fuck him
@_date: 2014-09-24 17:06:05
And you need bitcoin for this because...?
Set up 2 paypal accounts. Do the exact same thing. Achieve the exact same result. What does bitcoin add to this? 
@_date: 2014-08-15 20:41:30
Sure there is, but there are also fundamental factors that are potentially crippling. 
Anonymity and irreversibly of transactions are fundamental in built features. Both of which are big hurdlers as far as providing customer service to users is concerned. Both can't be easily eliminated without the system becoming centralized. 
Just because innovation is a possibility does not justify the "innovation will solve everything" mentality. That just ignorance. 


As i mentioned elsewhere, it also parallels a whole bunch of failed techs in the past. You just don't hear of them/know about them as well because they failed. For every internet, there are 10 not-internet. 
It's like looking at a current list of hedge funds and going "hey all of these guys do pretty good"
even when the tech is sound, it doesn't mean a iteration of the tech is going to work out. The crazy dot com bubble and bust is a perfect example. 
@_date: 2014-03-28 16:53:23
wtf are you even talking about? 


No its NOT. Its extremely clear to anyone with half a brain. You're still cashing in on the bitcoins when you trade them for $X of goods/services. Thats a cap gain if you bought it at a lower price. the fact that cash is not exchanged back and forth during the transaction is entirely irrelevant.  
Bitcoin is not a currency, its an asset.
@_date: 2014-08-18 01:38:44
V = T/M
M = T/V
in this case, M = value of 21 million bitcoin
ergo, value per bitcoin = M/21 million = T/V(21 million), since number of bitcoin is locked and transaction volume is independent of other factors, value per bitcoin is directly influenced by velocity of bitcoin, whatever it may be. 
This is how things work, whether you agree or disagree is irrelevant. Also, he never claimed "velocity is used to value money", just that it's a factor. A factor that the OP ignored, making his model entirely worthless. 
@_date: 2014-07-31 12:31:46


...What? 
Do you understand what the words *"real prices"* mean? Also, you don't see to be able to differentiate between bubble and inflation; they are not the same concepts. 
you can have inflation and steady/declining real prices, but you cannot have steady/declining real prices and bubbles. By definition, thats not possible. Inflation resulting in a increase in nominal price of a good is NOT a bubble, it has nothing to do with a bubble. that "inflation" would have to be applying for all goods/services/returns (or it won't be inflation). Bubble happens if a single asset class/good is overvalued *relative* to other asset/goods. 
If the price of houses shoots up 100% while other goods/services doesn't. Thats not inflation, thats an increase in real prices. If it happens without any justification, that increase in real prices is creating a bubble, because price level for for housing relative to other goods should not be double what it is. 
@_date: 2014-05-21 16:03:46
you understand the cost of an employee to the employer is significantly higher than their salary right? rule of thumb is 1.7-2x for people like software engineers. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 02:53:18


See? Now its perfectly reasonable. You're just not thinking like a true bitcoiner. 
@_date: 2014-03-14 21:24:44


no. The intrinsic value of the stock is **independent** of its price. That makes it non-subjective by definition.
Future earnings/assets of the company in question will not change just because you paid more for it or believe very very hard that the profits will be $1/share.


so what? we're not talking about perceived value. we're talking about intrinsic. 


no, he bets that the true magnitude of intrinsic value is not being recognized and that when it does in the future, future perceived value will increase accordingly because intrinsic value makes up parts of perceived value. 
He bets that a company will do better in X year's time than what people right now expect it to, not that a company will *appear* to do better  in X year's time. 
@_date: 2014-06-18 19:19:25


Again, that is not necessarily with high enough velocity. A million dollar transaction is just 10,000 $100 dollar transactions. Or 1 million $10 transactions. Velocity makes up for size.


they have the least to gain. The bigger they are, the more conveniences they already have and the lower the cost. the larger the amount of the transaction x frequencies, the more important quality of banking services becomes. 
If something fucks up, no matter who is responsible, they don't want to heard "I'm sorry, your fund transfer are irreversible."
@_date: 2014-06-12 21:25:52
Why would anyone when Frankeh wrote a whole post describing in detail the reason consumers use paypal just a single post up? 
Or are you blind?
@_date: 2014-06-28 06:33:26


aka, **demand has reduced from 150k to 120k pre-auction to post-auction.**
that 120k demand is not new. It did not magically appear. It was already part of market demand. Its already influencing price before the auction. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 14:54:08


unless you choose to keep the fiat currency you converted your bitcoins in anywhere other than a mayonnaise jar. 


If you don't even understand how the "technology" you're talking about functions, stop making stupid remarks. 
@_date: 2014-07-30 15:34:10
yeah, cause regulators are stupid and thousands of small orders wont raise any red flags whatsoever.
@_date: 2014-06-05 17:50:26


because i detest stupidity. I also take heart that once in a while, someone will actually learn something. 
Wanna continue with more of the ad hominem attacks now that I've demolish all your "economic" ones? 
@_date: 2014-06-30 13:51:13


No, I didn't. I literally had the argument right before this statement. 


Demand will always be non zero. Hence price will be non zero. There. Done. 
If you can't understanding this, your education system has failed you. 


I don't need to. Its irrelevant. I only have to prove its not zero, not that its a specific value. There is a difference between proving something's existence and measuring its specific value. 
not gonna waste more time. 
@_date: 2014-05-29 12:51:14
So? the exact same logic still applies. You think buying silver with gold allows them to conduct business and pay salaries? If they wanted to trade gold for silver for vise versa, they can just achieve the same result by selling more of either and less of the other.
@_date: 2014-05-05 18:30:52
Because he is smart enough to understand why the measures are there to begin with.
you think the sites ask for those information because they have nothing better to do? 
@_date: 2014-06-02 14:27:56


Yes it is. He is talking about whether bitcon is undervalued. 
If its not going to be successful, then its not undervalued. If he is going to claim that is undervalued, he needs to prove BOTH points. Why its going to be successful and why its going to be a certain size after its successful.
@_date: 2014-06-15 15:44:09


1) I'm not talking about 1% variance. I'm using his number for payouts. 
2) Variance affects long term payout. Same reason why investing in a stock with 50% chance of going up by X% and 50% chance of  going down by x% will lose you money in the long run. 


1) people and business are risk adverse. 
2) increasing difficulty means while it technically "works both ways", in the long run it won't even out. You're gambling. 
@_date: 2014-06-23 21:22:55


and thats all your needs? You don't have other non-essential needs that have a more flexible timetable? Are every one of your needs required for you to live?
The impact of deflationary currencies on consumption behaviors are not hypothetical, they are backed up by empirical observation and history. 


And now their price will be higher in aggregate than before, which means they will "sell eventually" at a higher price point and later point in time. As far as a consumption fueled modern economy is concerned, thats not great.
@_date: 2014-03-02 18:55:20


A country HAS to go to shit for fit to be worthless. Bitcoin can go to shit all on its own. 


No, the thing with bitcoin is that there is no control, so there is no way to mitigate any and all impacts to its value whatsoever, no matter how disastrous.
Also, any entity with 50.0001% of the total computing power of the network can manipulate/control bitcoin. That is not something out of the real of possibility for large enough governments like US/Russia
but this are all high level debates, we're not discussing that. We were discussing similarities between bank draw limit vs mtgox collapse/draw limit. 
Nothing you said disproved my point. The fact that you had to deflect and try to move the discussion elsewhere just show you're grasping at straws at this point. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 16:48:26


this is not remotely the issue, the issue is most of the stuff listed are properties of bitcoin, not intrinsic value of bitcoin. The 2 are not synonymous.
Intrinsic value of a stock doesn't come from the fact that its a contract, or that it has little holding costs, or that it allows anyone to own a corporation, or that it allows a corporation to be easily divisible. 
It comes from the profits/assets of the corporation to which you are entitled. Saying "hard to steal" adds to bitcoin's intrinsic value is like saying more anti-counterfeit measures on fiat adds to fiat's intrinsic value. there is a reason on one ever says that. Its beyond stupid. 
The article is just bad. 
@_date: 2014-05-09 19:47:34


No, but BY LAW the stolen funds do not belong to them, even if those funds are received as part of a legit sale. If you buy a stolen laptop from a thief, the laptop still belongs to the original owner.
Either consumers gets screwed or retailers do. the state has decided (arbitrarily if you want to believe so, I don't, but thats another discussion and irrelevant to my point) that consumer trumps retailers. **Is it any fairer to make it the reverse?** Does it improve the marketplace? If it doesn't, what makes this change in arbitrary decision the better option?


yes, thats why states make CC companies and paypal do what they do. There is a reason we call them *consumer protection laws.*


So? Costs doesn't matter, only cost vs benefit does.
as long as the aggregate benefits justify the aggregate costs, its perfectly fine. As it is, they do. Consumers benefit from protection, retailers benefit from increased consumer willingness to buy stuff online without the fear of fraud screwing them over.
**You know what else "brings extra costs for ALL users" of a product? Car safety. Or food safety. Or really any safety. We do it because its worth the cost. what the cost is is irrelevant, its all about what the cost gives us in return relative to the cost.**  


Yes, because the removal of utility from certain users benefit others. Again, so long as the aggregate gain &gt; cost, its justified. Under a new system, providing utility to those legitimate users just means other legitimate users are further endangered and receives a loss of utility because you made it easier for unsavory elements to enter the system at the same time. 
Why do you think service is denied to legitimate customers in the first place? Because the companies feel they have too much money and don't want more profits? 
Frankly, you don't understand the concept of "cost vs benefit" or an understanding of why the system exist in the first place. 
@_date: 2014-05-21 16:12:31
obviously it means bitcoin is 99.3% as big as paypal. And obviously dogecoin is bigger than both. 
Can't you math?
@_date: 2014-03-13 14:53:21


Asking the US Congress to pass a law saying my Lambo is worth $10 trillion USD does nothing to it's value, it's still worth less that $1 million USD.
1) this does nothing to address your magical currency crisis/failure to zero production comment
2) your thought experiment is not just irrelevant, its retarded. It has nothing to do with what we are talking about. 
**Dictating what medium of change to use is not dictating price.**  
Imagine if congress passes a law that all cars can only be purchased using seashells. Not 10 sea shells, or 100 sea shells, just sea shells.
guess what, sea shells now have value. You NEED them to have cars, which means they can be exchanged for other services.
whatever the value of a car, i can now use X sea shell to exchange for the same value of chickens.


THOSE PEOPLE LIVE IN ACTUAL COUNTRIES.
They need to spend actual fiat to exchange for goods in those countries. Whatever bitcoin they have they after conversion into USD/GBP/whatever.
The item they buy, whether its a car or food, has a usd price. That usd price is not going away because of the law. Whcih means unless the retailer is selling the good for 2 different prices, the bitcoin price will always equal the usd price, based on xchange rate.
bitcoin loss in value relative to usd, hello lower purchasing power! Its literally the exact same end result as inflation. 


See above. It absolutely does. Till there are entities that sells goods/services in bitcoins and ONLY bitcoins (instead of bitcoin + whatever fiat currency of the country the entity is stationed in), there is no "non-import based" economy to set a base value on what products can be exchanged for. 


this mades literally zero sense. I don't know how to reply.
@_date: 2014-08-26 13:03:59


&lt;insert name of any good produced in the marketplace&gt;'s employees and owners are the people that work to support it, mine it, buy the &lt;insert name of any good produced in the marketplace&gt;, etc., yet they are not &lt;insert name of any good produced in the marketplace&gt;
oh wow, guess i'm a farmer is corn's employee...


because realistic expectations matter. It is the difference between a futurist and a star wars geek. Not to mention the system you're proposing is unrealistic as far as logistics and feasibility of implementation is concerned, even were the tech be up to par. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 17:44:30


how? 
Gold standard means the currency can be exchanged for X amount of gold anytime. They are traded for the price they are given based on gold, which they are equivalent to since you can do exchanges anytime.
If the above ins't true, than any currency, bitcoin or gold, is soft the moment you deposit it anywhere. 


while fiat is soft, this definition is wrong. Saying 1lb of gold is worth 100 chickens is just as arbitrary as saying a $1000 banknote is worth 100 chickens. The only differentiation between hard &amp; soft is in whether the established value of the currency itself can be manipulated/changed arbitrarily. 
@_date: 2014-06-15 21:46:20


the fuck is this even supposed to mean? 
Interesting how most of your comments are either in reply of someone talking to Mrmadden or on topic by Mrmadden. I'm not sure which would be more pathetic, you being an actual online groupie or Mrmadden himself.
@_date: 2014-06-30 13:28:37
intrinsic value is almost always going to be lower than market price. 
in layman's terms, think of it as the minimum guaranteed price. No one is going to sell for less than that. 
Gold could lose a huge chunk of value if people suddenly disbelieve in it and stop using it as a store of value, but it will still have a non-zero price due to demand from industrial usage. That value is intrinsic to its existence, holding technological levels the same.
Bitcoin's entire value comes from "belief", which means under a similar situation, it will lose all value. Thats why we say its intrinsic value is zero. 
You can argue whether the existence of intrinsic value matters (especially for gold, when intrinsic value is so small a percentage of total value), you can't argue that it exists. The idiots here saying intrinsic value is somehow a false concept knows jack shit about what they are talking about. 
@_date: 2014-09-19 14:56:38


this is entirely wrong and you have no idea how currencies work. Transaction volume = price x velocity. Velocity is never going to be 1. In fact, it's going to be significantly higher than that for fiat. 
It's a common thought experiment in econs to show how $1 can service every single transaction/debt in an economy. The exact same logic applies. Real world limitations are not going to allow for a 1:1 billion ratio, but claiming you need $X market cap to service $X transaction volume is outright ignorant. 
@_date: 2014-12-17 21:49:28
And this is exactly how I know you don't remotely understand the thingss you're talking about. 


This fact does not make treating bitcoin as a currency in Forex worse, **it makes it better**. Your words justify the opposite of your stance. 
Those attributes you're talking about adds volatility to future estimates of currencies. They are eliminated when bitcoin is treated as forex currency. As far as bitcoin is concerned, you can simply assume 100% political stability, since there are no central entity that can change inflation rate/money supply unexpectedly. For other currencies, you have to predict 2 set of attributes, politics and interluding economic variables. for bitcoin, the former is effectively just a known constant. 
It doesn't make it incomparable, **it makes it easier to compar**e. Instead of having to compare based on 4 set of predicted attributes, you compared based on 3. 


And entirely irrelevant to his point. 
See here? This is the point where you show how you don't even know what it is you don't know. 
Go read his words again. He is essentially saying that bitcoin, when compared relative to equities, is just another set of risk to return ratio, just like every single equity out there. The fact that you lack information is irrelevant. The lack of info is just an attribute of the investment that affects  the "risk" part. It's no different from comparing 2 different equities, once of which has more unknowns and thus more risk, but potentially greater returns due to 1)risk premium and 2) people can't easily identify it as being undervalued. 
lots of risky equities (especially OTC and BB stocks, which the original OP used as an analogy) have less information (or just shitty enough to be useless information and can thus be entirely ignored) about their business plans or CEO's expected behavior compared to "good" equities. Bitcoin is no different.
Every paragraph you wrote is wrong or missing the point. I'm just too lazy to go though them all. 
@_date: 2014-06-28 06:19:05


aka you know jack shit. 
and i explained why its a stupid assumption. Economics doesn't work that way. That demand, if it were relevant, would have exerted its influence long before the auction ends and priced in. 
**Residual demand, by your definition, would be a fraction of demand before auction.**
@_date: 2014-05-16 18:59:33


Its not a moot point so long as it costs them $ to buy that insurance. And it does. 


This isn't about that. It seems, they have insurance in place similar to deposit insurance. Meaning if they end up being mt.gox you don't lose everything. 
also, just because there is sufficient tech doesn't mean those tech are being used, or even that those tech will always remain unbreakable with no unknown vulnerabilities. 
@_date: 2014-06-05 15:10:32


so what?
This is no different from QE, or any other monetary policy aimed at simulating the economy and fighting of deflation. The reason they did this instead of QE is simply because unlike the US, QE is far more difficult to implement for the ECB.  
In this case, the only thing truly special is that negative interest rates had not been used before. So long as they keep an eye out on bank's bond holdings, it doesn't really matter all that much. going from 0 to -1 is just like going from 1 to 0 or 2 to 1. 
If nothing else, the fat that economists are willing to go to extremes to get out of a potential deflationary trap  should tell you why bitcoin's future deflationary nature is a big problem.
@_date: 2014-05-27 18:54:47


And you're not getting that we're not talking about 2 peers. I let you use that example, but you're focusing too much on that and not the actual realistic case where you have a house and a gambler. 
The house acts as a peer when they are playing the game, it does not act like a peer with regards to offering a service. Its the service provider, you are not.
If you don't abide by his bets, he does business elsewhere with other customers. Simple as that. theoretically, so could you. Realistically, you can't. Because there are far less casinos houses than players. 
In essence, you play by his rule or you don't play. Thats what we call a "casino". you can take your business elsewhere the first time a conflict in conditions occur, but eventually you're gonna run out of casinos. 
Hell, realistically, the house already has infinite money relative to your individual bankroll even without the ability to control max bets. Because its a fucking casino and you are not bill gates. 
Walk away James, you're not as smart as you think you are.  
@_date: 2014-08-12 20:13:22


and you're not? 
Take a moment here and think about this statement. 
You think the vast majority think inflation is a scam by the government? That the USD in going to collapse sooner or latter? That everyone should get out of the usd ponzi scheme asap? That they worry about how governments steal properties they can get their hands on? That CCs/ebay are not providing valuable customer service/guarantees that makes them willing to utilize those technologies? 
those are not assumptions?


yes, it's called investing their money in literally anything. Think usd is going to tank? Invest in companies/real estate/foreign currency denoted instruments/inflation adjusted t-bills.


if this were true, then bitcoin would likewise be crippled once policy changes are implemented. 
And don't go on talking about how it can't be regulated. That stupid. So long as the end users can be regulated, so can bitcoin. The government don't have to stop you from buying bitcoin, they just have to make it so that legit merchants cannot legally accept bitcoin (or facilitate bitcoin transactions) and cryptocurrencies will once more be banish it back into being just used for drugs in the depth of the internet.  
@_date: 2014-08-15 19:39:10


people also said similar things about worthless tech like the segway. Those similar things are not just said about successful technological ventures. The fact that they were wrong with regards to internet and cars does not mean they were always wrong when applied to anything, nor does it mean bitcoin is the internet of our time. 
@_date: 2014-08-10 16:55:43
If a miner doesn't sell, they just in effect sold to themselves. It makes no difference. 
The value if your bitcoin holding is not affected so long as price is constant. While total value of all bitcoin increases, that increase is reduced by influx of new coins so the value of your coin holdings remains constant. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 18:31:18


@_date: 2014-03-16 02:23:06


that is not remotely true


A decentralized notarization system has multiple uses other than as a virtual currency. 
there is more to a currency than just being a notarization system.
@_date: 2014-03-14 19:26:46
people on this sub like to jump onto every single statement that could potentially mean what they hope it means.
He is just recognizing that bitcoin is being used for trades (duh, no one in the world is doubting that or saying otherwise, its literally happening right now) and thus proposing that legislation take that into account. 
No one in the world will disagree with that statement, there is zero reason why you shuld act like its a big deal it was said. 
Its not a statement meant to validate the ability of bitcoin to act/replace current currencies right now or in the future. The guy is a lawyer dealing with regulation. People are using bitcoins, so he feels bitcoin would need some minimum levels of regulatory oversight and that multiple entities needs legislation stating clearly how to deal with it now, no matter what beliefs or expectations on it's future are. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 03:54:27


That is EXACTLY what a prenup is used for. Prenup is a contract on asset division after a marriage is dissolved. How the assets are divided depends on the individuals' wishes.
@_date: 2014-04-03 00:47:35
Jesus christ, stop arguing. The situation he is talking about *is based on observed empirical data*, not hypothetical. 


Really? You're so obtuse that you cannot understand how "needing a car when you have none" and "choosing to delay upgrading unless till necessary" are different? you can't understand why upgrading can be more flexible? 
@_date: 2014-12-10 21:18:27


**So? What is this fact supposed to prove?**
You are throwing this fact around like it justifies your postiion, *when it literally does the exact opposite.* the only thing this fact by itself showed is that inflation has minimal, if any, actual impact on real measures.
So yes, something that cost $1 in 1913 now cost $25. That is a fine "fact" to throw out and absolutely correct.  Now answer me: how does that illustrate your prior rambling?
Is the average american household 1/25 as well off as there were? do they only have 1/25th of the net worth of a hosuehold in 1913? What about 1/10th, or even just 1/2th?
If the answer to those question are no, then **what is the point of this fact?**
It is a fact that $1 in 1913 is worth 25x that of $1 now. But does that prove, or show in any way at all, your point about it making us worse off? Or does it actually illustrate how inflation has had much less of an influence on real wealth than you're making it out to be? Which is it?  
Or are you so stupid that you think if there were no inflation everyone would be 25x as well off/richer than they are now in real terms?
Every time i see this fact being thrown around by people whining about inflation I laugh, because there is nothing as telling of your ignorance as not understanding why the words you're writing justifies the exact opposite position of the one you're trying to make. 


If only the Fed provided an explanation for that and we have something called "the internet" for you to search for it. Alas, that's obviously a fantasy. 


as opposed to one dude with a website adding a fixed arbitrarily number to all the official stats. Shadowstats is not just wrong, it's a joke. Anyone with half a brain can see that just with basic arithmetic. Go check the "real" CPI infext from 2000-2014 (or really, any period), now try to think of ANYTHING at all that has it's price increase by that much (about 4x to 5x, according to him) since 2000. Cars, education, gas, good, dildos, whatever, anything is fair game so long as you actually find an example. Can you? 
If nothing increased in price by 4x since 2000, how the bloody fuck is the real CPI inflation rate 10%+ annually?
It doesn't take some deep understanding of economics to see he is wrong, you literally just need a functioning brain that can remember what your life is like in 2000.
@_date: 2014-12-10 22:09:33
1) they do. 
2) Storing value well doesn't mean you never lose value. If you want that, go buy a inflation pegged bond. No one claiming house are the only commodity out there. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 15:58:36




Thats not adding liquidity. There is no change in the amount of money within the system. 
Adding liquidity: amount of money in system $100 --&gt; $150, price of goods in the short term remains unchanged. money to good ratio -&gt; 1:1 into 1.5:1
NOT adding liquidity: arbitrarily turn $1 into $2 for every single dollar. Price of goods automatically adjust by doubling. money to good ratio -&gt; 1:1 into 2:2. There is no change.
@_date: 2014-04-21 21:51:02


And again, you don't have a clue whats going on.
The 200k coins are Gox assets, they absolutely belongs to Gox. Gox is an exchange, you don't legally own the coins. You own the goxcoins you exchanged for them. You're just a creditor.
@_date: 2014-08-20 02:15:47


wage growth in the long term will take into account all inflation. the mechanics are complex, but this is essentially a guaranteed result. You need to google this on your own. 


1) when i said that, i'm ignoring tech simply to make the example simpler 
2) for real life, you don't need purchasing power to increase, because the goods produced are already inflated in value through tech
let's say your weekly wage buy you 5 baskets of goods in 1930 and 5 baskets in 2014. Inflation wise, nothing changes. But that basket is different. The cars being represented in the basket in 2014 are better, the clothes being represented are better. There are now electronics in the 2014 basket. there are more variety in food. healthcare has increased in quality.  etc etc 
almost everything made in 2014 is better than things made in 1930 by orders of magnitude, but that increase in value is not captured through purchasing power comparisons across time. 


No. This is not a consequence of inflation. This is a consequence of money not providing you with any sort of return remotely competitive with any other asset. Because money "saved" in the sense you're using is not doing any economic work. 
If it were what you're talking about, most people would just be buying inflation adjusting treasury bonds. 


the influence of deflation on consumer behavior and thus consumption is well documented. It's been observed in history multiple times just in the last few decades. Saying there are no evidence is ridiculous. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 17:45:53


i know you think you just made a witty insult, but "meta" does not in any way mean what you think it does. 
@_date: 2014-11-30 17:41:46


You have no idea what you're talking about. This has nothing to do with the stunt Soros did. 
1) The CBs in this scenario **are not trying to maintain fixed exchange rate**, unlike the BOE. exchange rate remains floating. What speculative attack can you pull? There is nothing to attack. You literally have no idea what soros even did. This comparison is retarded. It's not even comparing apples with oranges, its comparing an apple with a car
2) Why the fuck would there even be hyperinflation? Where is the new currency coming from to cause that? People selling your currency cause your currency to depreciate, not hyperinflation. The 2 are not the same thing. Inflation cause currencies to depreciate, but depreciating currency does not necessarily cause inflation, and certainly not hyperinflation. 
3) No, people won't start selling the former's currency short and buying the latter's currency. By this reasoning, people would be doing the exact same thing for currencies with different interest rates right now. There isn't some magical difference between "0 to negative" and "positive to a lower positive". 
Currencies can have low interest rates **BECAUSE** people want to hold them. Thats why german bond interest rate is so low. Saying people will start dumping currencies when it has negative interest rate is like saying people will start dumping currencies when it has lower interest rate. Thats stupid. If this were the case, people would have taken their money out of german banks and moved them into greece. The more people want to hold your currency, the lower interest rate the CB can go. The fact that CBs cannot go below 0 just sets an arbitary limit on this relationship. As demand increases, the CB should be able to choose to go lower and lower. The fact that they can't go lower than 0 even as demand continues to increase is an inefficiency in the system and breaks the relationship between this 2 factors for no good reason whatsoever. The same people that are willing to keep their money at 1% or 0% in germany instead of greece will continue to do so if german banks start charging negative interest. 
If interest rates drop from 3% to 2%, you're paying 1% to keep holding that currency after the change. If it goes from 0% to -1%, it's the **exact same scenario**. If people arent running from a 1% loss from 5% to 4% and 4% to 3% and 3% to 2%, then they wont run from 0 to -1% or -1% to -2%. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 03:40:14
Summary of actual paper: digital currency allows Feds more tools to implement monetary policy by enabling negative interest rates. Its also more convenient. 
summary of article: he is pro bitcoin because digital currency = bitcoin and negative interest loans = deflation.
Author of the article is an idiot. Rogoff is literally advocating for the opposite of bitcoin (more tools for the Fed vs less), Also, negative interest loans and deflation have the opposite effect on spending. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 14:17:08


And we have been doing this for decades with no big issue. Not to mention we've experienced hard currencies before. It does not magically eliminate the problem. We know for a fact that hard currencies have their own problems in terms of their impact on the economy. Purely from a historical point of view, ignoring possible confounding variables (because thats too big a can of worms), pre gold standard economy had tended to fare much worse then post.  
Not to mention this whole "controlled by a few people in a room on a whim" is just an intention mislabeling of what the Fed does. 
Hell, if you want to look at it that way, then almost every single piece of legislation passed by the government is also passed "by a few people in a room on a whim". 


this comparison makes no sense. Bitcoin is not a self driving car or an automated plane. Its a lump of metal that does not move. You're speaking of automated systems that automatically make the right decisions. Bitcoin is not that. Bitcoin represents the removal of ALL decision making entirely. It does not automatically make good monetary policies, it just removes them entirely. 
**the analogy for bitcoin is not a self driving car, the analogy would be a decision to ban all cars because accidents might happen.**
Half of the people here in this sub think bitcoin is some sort of magical solution in the way you insinuated. Throwing around phrases like "governed by mathematics" and "more reliable than humans". Those phrases are pretty much all gross misrepresentations. Nothing is governed, no decisions are made which were more reliable, you just threw the baby out with the bathtub.
@_date: 2014-07-01 16:10:19


So? No one is arguing against this. Intrinsic value in economics does not exist outside of marketplace. By definition, thats not possible. If you want to go to extremes, obviously nothing will have value when heat death of the universe arrives.
Intrinsic value, conceptually, merely exist irrespective of changing market conditions. 
This is the problem with half of the people here. You don't even understand what the topic is fundamentally about, and yet you believe decades of economic thought is wrong. 
@_date: 2014-08-25 14:02:34
I can't believe people are not realizing this. 
@_date: 2014-10-12 23:19:13
And lots of people who hope for bitcoin to fail think its a stupid pyramid scheme. Just because you think bitcoin is the best thing since sliced bread doesn't mean others do. Is it seriously that inconceivable to understand others have a different view of bitcoin? Stop being a twat. 
@_date: 2014-05-23 11:55:16
assumptions about the subjective theory of value of any asset to others in the future = faith, so are assumptions about aggregate effect of future individual preference curves
@_date: 2014-08-18 17:43:21
did you cash out through legit means? Yes? Then you've laundered your wealth. 
you think a person laundering money though a dry cleaning business can have $100k drop into their bank account in one day? 
@_date: 2014-06-12 18:19:18
"there are people in existence using this" is an argument that refutes his prior points how?
@_date: 2014-06-12 17:20:58


It absolutely will. Because there is a mechanism economists refer to as labor. Someone somewhere with a net positive wealth will have to spend (aka consume) or invest (aka save). Mathematically, it will eventually result in you getting that $1 one way or another.
the whole reason why you were able to go into net debt status to begin with is because your labor (aka you ability to engage in economic production) is viewed to be pseudo-collateral. 
@_date: 2014-06-03 22:44:09


expected inflation is not a long term systemic risk. Again, you don't seem to understand what risk is. 
At most, you can call it a cost and argue that the cost of holding fiat cash is higher. It has nothing to do with risk.


Even this statement is meaningless. What point is this supposed to make? 
We say its "short term risk" not in the sense that it will go away in the long term, but in the sense that it will be a *persistent* short term risk at any point in time. 
since we're talking about holding cash equivalent for use whenever we need to in a moment's notice, you point doesn't matter in the slightest. Its a risk thats going to be hanging over your head whenever you would need to use your stash of cash equivalent.
**In fact, such "short term risk" becomes a systemic long term risk taking into account how the asset in question needs to be used.** Aka: getting fucked over by volatility is a systemic long term risk for bitcoins. Use bitcoin long enough and its going to happen. You could remove this short term risk from consideration if it were a investment asset, since you have leeway in when to sell it. You don't when we're talking of using it as a cash equivalent. You can't wait 6 months to buy eggs or pay rent. 


You mean like how you ignored short term volatility being a long term systemic risk for cash equivalent assets being used as cash? 
@_date: 2014-06-02 16:10:47
cash are assets that need to be declared, bitcoins are not. Shut up if you don't understand the point of the article. 
No one cares about a few thousand, the issue is when tens to hundreds of thousands are on the line. People are not going to take 100s of thousands out in cash and hiding it in a hole. Its not feasible. Bitcoin, on the other hand, is. 
@_date: 2014-11-21 15:09:01
And then what? You can't cash out because no one will buy your coins at the price you paid for. The value of each coin drops the moment the buyer paying insane prices (aka you) stop buying. Saying this is a transfer of 1 trillion is like saying I can transfer 1 tillion if i buy an apple for that price and give it to someone else. 
You're retarded.
@_date: 2014-07-10 16:20:30


Its not when you can create substitutes with with identical characteristics easily. I can make a perfect bitcoin substitute and call it cowcoin tomorrow. The only value comes from network effects.  
Remove the competitive advantage from transactional benefits of bitcoin, and that network shrinks drastically. 


This statement is idiotic. Economic activities are the primary driver of currency costs. The trader's actions are just results of such activities. They buy/sell based to fulfill existing market demands for varies currencies, demands that are driven by the amount of economic activities being engaged in. 


And the stupid train goes on and on. 
If you think traders "will put value into the one that isn't inflating" just because it has no inflation, you fundamentally don't understand what currency traders do. 
currency traders are not people with a few billion dollars making decisions on which personal chequing account to put their billions in. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 15:39:50
Thats not the question at all. The only relevant question is whether demand (thus price) will be positive. It will. 
You don't need to identify what the intrinsic value is to show its a non zero value. 
@_date: 2014-08-18 19:36:35


and you're struggling because you cant even see things as they are now, let alone the future. 


prime example illustrating my point: to say bitcoin is money bound (either right now or in the future) only by the internet is idiotic. 
@_date: 2014-08-12 21:08:39


No they won't. Their operations in the US will still need to be fueled by usd, no matter how bad the volatility of usd is at the time, since that is legal tender of the land. Whatever extra they obtain, they can easily convert into other assets for hedging purposes. 
Just look at any large multinational operating in countries with currencies of differing volatility and risk. They don't convert one to the other or accept revenues in the high quality currency, they just hedge their riskier holdings through financial instruments.   
There is also no reason to assume the "less problematic currency" necessarily need to be bitcoins. If this were to happen next week, literally every other currency would fulfill the criteria. Seeing as there is way to know how far into the future before the hypothetical failure would reach tipping point and how different market conditions would be, betting that bitcoin will be the solution at that time years down the road makes no sense. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 17:43:29
at first, this sub wasn't too bad, people actually understood economics/finance/banking. I might not agree with their opinions or their beliefs regarding bitcoins given the conditions of modern markets, but at least it wasn't based on pure ignorance. 
then the hype started and you get the anti-state-econ-anarchist fringe libertarians + just plain idiots who don't understand basic finance and dreams that bitcoins will make them multimillionaires in a few years. 
nothing makes people more of an idiot than telling them they are on the train to riches. this sub literally shows the same sort of behavior you find in multi level marketing converts. 
@_date: 2014-06-27 20:03:05


No it doesn't. Not in any way. Wiki what arbitrage is. 
Arbitrage doesn't care what the profit is, so long as its positive. the key is to incur zero risk (or in the real world, as little as possible). Thats not possible if you hold the bitcoins for 12 months. Arbitrage goes for the 1% guaranteed riskless instantaneous profit instead of the 90% expected profit that comes with risks. If it doesn't, it won't be arbitrage in any way. Arbitrage don't base any decisions on what they think the future of bitcoins will be. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 16:59:20


Yes, and more people like Mark as well. 
at the end of the day, the incident happened because it was unregulated. No one was checking on the company and making sure they are following best practices. Location doesn't matter. Unregulated exchange will have a higher % chance of fucking shit up. Being located in the US does nothing to impact that chance.  
@_date: 2014-04-17 16:23:05


yes it is. Your economic activity granted you assets with economic value. thats income. I can pay you for your work in USD or GBP or gold or food, it makes no difference. All are income.


thats the definition of ALL economic activities. Wtf do you think you're doing when you're working a job for an employer?
You use assets and labor to produce output that has more value than the input. the employer pays you a fraction of that output's value. 
In this case, you are your own employer. So you get the whole thing as your income instead of a fraction.


that makes zero fucking sense, they are the product. the expenses is the electricity. Just like how USD income from renting out a car is the income, while fuel and the car itself is the expense. In this case, your income is bitcoin assets, your expenses is your labor+electricity+wear and tear on your GPU.


capital gains has nothing whatsoever to do with this discussion. The tax we're discussing is on your initial income, cap gain is what you incur when your initial income made you more income. You get taxed for both incomes, the former is what we're talking about, the latter is called capital gain tax. 


this is, frankly, just ignorance. you don't "print up stocks", because stocks is a unit of measure, not a product. Stocks is just a unit of a company's assets (tangible and intangible) and future income of those assets. guess what, those assets and income are taxed, whether stocks exist or not. You pay cap gain/loss when those assets and income create new income, which is reflected in a stock's price.  
"printing up stocks" is just the act of separating an existing asset into a specific number of parts. Nothing is created. There is no economic production. you're not making anything or creating economic value. Hence stocks arent taxed when they are "created".
Mining for bitcoins creates an economically valuable asset/product. The same way a programmer writing code to make a website for his employer does. You get taxed on the income for the website the same way you get taxed on the bitcoins (unlike the website, in this case the product is the income, you don't need the someone to pay you for it before the IRS can ascertain its value and tax you accordingly; the only reason the IRS doesn't tax you on the website directly like they do bitcoin is because the IRS cannot value a website, so they wait for someone to pay you for it and use that payment as the valuation of your work)
In simple terms, you have no clue what "income" is. Or frankly, basic economics/finance.
If a company's CEO gets compensated with stocks instead of cash, you think thats not considered income by the IRS and they pay no taxes on the value of the stock received? Don't be stupid. 
@_date: 2014-06-26 16:18:35


Neither does it render past experience relevant. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 03:10:28


economists don't care that its deflationary, economists care that is *always* deflationary.
Rogoff's paper deals with phasing out paper currency and embracing a digital version, it does not deal with embracing a digital version that is permanently deflationary. The whole point is to allow for more flexible/efficiency/effectiveness in implementing monetary policies by increasing the arsenal of the central bank; Fed can do more if they can adjust interests to negative &amp; positive both, instead of being limited by the 0% interest floor. Replacing fiat with bitcoin would be literally the exact opposite of what Rogoff's point is, since it would mean not being able to implement any monetary polices at all. 


I'm pretty certain he said no such thing. Deflationary currency is not the same as a negative interest loan. the key point is how the interest/benefits of both is calculated. The benefits of deflation is a % of cash equivalent you have, the benefits of a negative loan is a % of cash you borrowed. You can spend the cash in the latter case and retain the full benefits of negative interest rate, *you cannot do so for deflationary currency*, if you spend it, you lose out on the benefits. 
If I take out a $100 loan at -10%/month interest, I get $10 after 1 month, even if I spend my $100. If I have $100 when deflation is 10%, I get $10 increase in the value of my money *only if* I still have that $100 in my bank account. One case allows me to spend without worry, the other induces me to hoard. 
@_date: 2014-05-27 22:12:53


so what?
does that mean he will NEVER go broke before he breaks even? If thats the case, how are you capable of claiming "If you bet for long enough you will breakeven!"
Game ends when you go broke. Game does not end no matter how much you win. there is a break in symmetry. &lt;-- is this really a difficult concept to twist wrap your mind around?
going a step further, realistically which gambler bets  0.1% of bankroll per round? At that point does it stop fulfilling the actual goals of the activity? At what point, to the individual, is it equivalent  to just rolling a dice without no money on the line and they decide they might as well as do that instead? 
Just at 1% of bankroll betted, chance to go broke is as high as 14%. what do you think that insinuates about how long an actual, real life gambler would last before losing everything in a 50-50 game? 
@_date: 2014-07-19 20:29:23
Then how is that a singularity? 
@_date: 2014-06-30 14:29:59


and it will be, for a reasonable definition of "foreseeable future".
We don't take into account baseless assumptions regarding changes to technological levels for the same reason we don't take into account heat death of the universe. 
@_date: 2014-08-12 21:14:09


yes, because it happened for this situation, it's obviously a reasonable end result for every other situation. /s
Thats the sort of conclusion reached by idiots who don't actually understand the facts and causes of what they are observing. 
Take your own advice and shut up.


maybe you should learn to read more than 1 sentence. I literally specified why such an argument is irrelevant. 
@_date: 2014-08-19 13:23:54


your savings are in cash hidden in a jar? Cause my wealth is in assets, just like most people. 
@_date: 2014-04-11 18:18:21


You did no such thing. If you did, you would have argued what the deflationary impacts are and how is smaller than the benefits. You didn't. You randomly pointed out a few uses for bitcoins based on hypothetical (and wrong) assumptions and just went on to assume that because benefits over fiat exist, the deflationary issues can be disregarded or overlooked. 


Knowing something is deflationary and *knowing the impact of that deflation* is enough. ffs, deflation is not some new phenomenon we don't fully understand. 
@_date: 2014-06-10 14:37:29
or he is treating it as a deflationary currency, which amounts to the same thing in this instance. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 18:18:07


Bitcoin is currently just considered property by the IRS. But they are not  legally assets for this purpose. Its still a legal loophole. Just because the IRS decided to define it as such for tax purposes does not mean its property in the eyes of every aspect of government. The IRS does not have that sort of power.


Meaning they don't right now. 
 
@_date: 2014-06-27 20:39:28


wtf are people still repeating this bullshit?
The gov never said it has no value, if people are willing to pay for it, it has value. No one is dumb enough to be making such a claim. Frankly, it takes a special kind of stupid to believe they said something so obviously illogical.
they just don't recognize it as currency (or at one point, a financial asset). Which has more to it than just "has value". 
@_date: 2014-05-15 02:54:18
Its still a fund, with its own fund managers and analysts doing the decision making.
Not to mention its, at most, a 30 million dollar investment by 8 different big investors/funds, most of which are multi billionaires. Which meant on average there really isn't anything at stake for anyone. 
I don't like Winklevoss twins, but at least they have enough in the game to show they believe its going to benefit them to jump onto the boat.
this, on the other hand, is standard "throw money at long shots with high upside". It shows bitcoin has potential, but that its nothing close to guaranteed. If he thinks there is a good chance of going to the moon, he won't be throwing down what amounts to 0.1% (assuming he single highhandedly invested the full 30mil) of his net worth at it. In reality, amount invested is probably 0.02%-0.01%.
This is the sort of standard investment method for ventures that have a 5% chance of success, but will repay you 30x your investment. It will net you good profits since you will hit jackpots like facebook, but each individual investment is extremely risky and fails far more often than not. 
which is fine, and you can make a crapton with this strategy if you choose a well and *choose many*. People on this sub, however, can't seem to understand this. This is not Berkshire Hathaway spending 10% of its networth to bet on railways.
If nothing else, its a warning. Unless you can accept something like a 5-10% probability of success, get out. Because the big boys are investing in a way that makes the most sense if they had decided that to be the case.
**alternatively, if he is throwing 0.1/8=0.0125% of his net worth into this, should you be throwing 10%?Or 20%? or 50%**
@_date: 2014-06-05 15:30:35


we only we don't have mountains of literature and research backing up the benefits of steady inflation. 


And deflation hurts borrowers. Whats your point? 
@_date: 2014-10-05 15:47:38
This. Wealth is based on purchasing power, nothing else. Units of currency used is just an easy way of conveying that. 
@_date: 2014-05-23 11:41:04
OP needs to understand people are not turning away free $5, they are willing to forgo $5 just to make sure they don't encourage OP's annoying outbursts in the middle of class.
@_date: 2014-05-09 20:50:22


Then your point differs from the majority viewpoint and you get penalized. Guess what, thats how free market works. 
Alright then, then don't use payment systems like CC or paypal. They believe in a certain way to achieve protection for consumers, you don't. There is no obligation for you to change your views and use them, just like there is none for them to change their views to do business with you. 
You can whine and bitch, but you don't get to dictate to them how they should do business, the only thing you can do is to either follow their rules or not use their services. Just like how they can either follow your rules or not do business with you, They just happen to choose the latter.
Oh wait, would your business suffer if you drop CC/paypal or CC/paypal drop you? Well, too bad, thats how free market works. Most people want CC/paypal's protection and believe in their methods. They won't touch you without it. Thats their prerogative. 
Bitcoin is another option, by all means, use it and drop paypal/CC. the fact that its different does not mean its better, neither does it mean that faud isn't happening. Both insinuations are wrong and misleading. 
 
Now reread the above, except replace "they" with "a majority of society". 
Also, I will say this again: **This does not make the claims of "no fraud" any less stupid or misleading**
@_date: 2014-07-25 22:53:30


you can't seem to understand what "spy on" is. An institution looking through paperwork you submitted is not spying on you. the exact same theory applies. We don't expect to be spied on and there is no spying going on. How is this difficult to understand? 
you're like a man running naked on the street, then accusing others of peeping on you. You're own idiocy is not a representation of other people's moral failings.  
@_date: 2014-06-27 19:54:54
this is just stupid. If they are arbitrages, they dont see bitcoin as currency, they see it as asset. Their firm don't measure profit in bitcoins.
The whole point of arbitrage is to incur zero risks. Bitcoins have high volatility, which means holding on to it defeats the whole purpose of arbitrage. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 21:58:49


In any case, the end result is that once your funfair is operational, those tokens will be worth much more than a dollar each and that is where your early investors or 'volunteers' get their return, which could very well be much more than the original BTC investment. Besides, you already have people with an incentive to use your funfair since they already have loads of tokens, also solving the problem of no one wanting to visit an empty funfair.
You mean like how facebook stocks are given an artist as payment to painting their office wall, and later the stocks ended up being worth much more than their initial valuation?
Yeah, this excuse is not gonna fly. Whether dividends are paid out is irrelevant. Lots of stocks pay no dividends. 
Even assuming you can structure appcoins as a product that pseudo-investors preorder, the way he describe the process makes that argument difficult to stand under scrutiny, especially since the implicit reward is value appreciation of appcoins.
Despite what this sub like to think, the SEC are not idiots. If you appcoin works the same way shares does (given money, get coin, having coins reward you when company makes it big), they are not going to let you off just because you call it something else.
@_date: 2014-05-26 12:49:32


Those are just factors that influenced supply &amp; demand (aka induced markets to act irrationally and join the speculation party) and caused the bubble to form. Bitcoin has its own such factors.
What caused the bubble to form isn't important to my comparison, it's not the point. My comparison is just showing that the market signs of a speculative bubble formation are there for bitcoin in the same way it was there for 2006 housing mkt. 
@_date: 2014-12-28 18:28:41


except utility is not entirely subjective. There is a subjective component, which is why we say intrinsic value is the floor for any given valuation, but saying all utility is subjective is idiotic. 


Of course it does. It's intrinsic utility has NOTHING to do with perception. Perception does not change the fact that water allows you to not die of thirst. Whether you believe so is irrelevant. It exist due to it's very nature, which is the definition of intrinsic. water doesn't stop being able to sate thirst just because of your perceptions. 
your perceptions of reality does not change reality. 
@_date: 2014-06-04 23:23:21




thats you, 2 posts prior.
if its not unexpected, why the fuck would they not have time to react? you really think market can't/will not adjust behavior to accommodate expected events till they actually happen? 
Its clear you have no clue what you're talking about. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 20:24:33


It is.
But the key point here is that when you're looking at an economy in aggregate, individual repayments does not matter. Money repaid will just be loaned out again. 
The central bank controls the *aggregate* amount that is repaid vs loaned at equilibrium though interest rates. You have to realize that money is being destroyed and created (loans being taken out/paid) all the time. Its the aggregate amount thats important. 
If banks are not lending enough, they lower interest rates (the prime rate, not the rate to consumers) to induce lending. Vise versa. 
Sidenote: In reality, often the interest rate is less of an economic inducement and more of a signal. The big banks generally work together with central bank and listens to their directives. When central lowers rates, big banks try to lend out more (reasonably) because they central banking is essentially saying "lend out more, we need to do this to help the economy" and the bank follows their directions because good a economy is good for everyone. Banks can choose to just pay more interest and not loan the money out. They do do that in special cases when they believe central bank is being unreasonable (in which case the central bank will have other methods to change money supply), but in general both recognize that they are better off working together. 
@_date: 2014-05-23 13:30:29


where the fuck did i say they need to be from within banking and finance? They need to UNDERSTAND banking/economics/finance. do you really need me to explain in detail why?


then you suck at communicating, cause thats not the meaning you conveyed. 
@_date: 2014-08-14 13:57:37


all prevention of legalized activity imposes penalties on society. The point is that society in aggregate decided that the cost of those penalties are less than the cost of the crime that they can restrict.
You don't get the benefits of law without costs. You can argue at what point the cost becomes not worth the benefits. But the idea that there should be no cost makes no sense. 
@_date: 2014-06-03 18:46:51
yeah, lets ignore the fact that the banks are shouldering most of the work and regulatory compliance involved with remittance under the current system. Lets make a completely worthless challenge that proves nothing because its comparing oranges to apples. 
Those things are not going to disappear. If you remove banks from the equation, the exchanges themselves will eventually have to start shouldering the burden. They won't be eating those costs when it happens. 
@_date: 2014-08-19 13:34:05
the fact that people keep on bring up internet in the 90s as a point of favor for bitcoin without ever mentioning or acknowledging the dot com bubble is the ultimate representation of @_date: 2014-11-05 18:10:59


This statement shows why the title of the article total and absolute bullshit. 
"there is no way for us to tell how well western union will do in the future till that time is upon us" and "western union is in serious trouble" are mutually exclusionary sentiments. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 21:24:19


Read the comment of the guy i'm talking to.


None. They are just **irrelevant**. They are intrinsic properties of bitcoin, not stuff that gives it intrinsic value. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 18:12:10


yes i can, because its not a property of bitcoin, but a property of the market. Market conditions change, simple as that. You have to be covering your eyes and going lalalalala if you think there isn't a non trivial chance that bitocin could crash and get thrown out. 
@_date: 2014-08-18 22:34:03
Australians have on average paid $0.0066 in bitcoin  per person  for everyday bills. 
@_date: 2014-06-05 15:50:39
yeah, cause we know ordinary citizens don't borrow money. 
Which income class do you think net borrowers tend to be? It's the middle class. 
Asset returns already have expected inflation/deflation priced into it. Changing from an inflationary montary system into a deflationary monetary system does nothing to affect speculation behavior in the long run. It just affects *consumption habits*. Again, guess who is the most influenced when you penalize consumption? Hint: its not the rich bankers.  
You no clue whatsoever about this topic. Walk away. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 15:18:37


no shit sherlock. where the fuck did i make the claim they do? 


this is a gross and hilariously stupid understanding of how markets work. Everything after this line is irrelevant, because this assumption is not just wrong, but showcases a level of ignorance thats staggering. 
I will say this again: 
**the gov did not set a value on how many shells for a given car.** 
I'm even going bother trying to help you work out why that statement invalidates your assumptions. You do it yourself.
@_date: 2014-03-01 03:11:53


of course they are absolved. a banking run and total failure with all deposits being wiped out situation has been avoided. So what if its unprofitable? so are tons of other companies. Now they have the oppotunity to become profitable again. The bailout isn't there to make the company profitable. That was not even remotely the goal.


yes it is. And its fine, because the alternative cost to taxpayers are much much worse. **This is the whole point**. without regulation, we would be in a depression right now. What happened now and what happened in 2007 is pretty much what happened in the great depression. The only difference is that the existence of regulation and government action prevented the banking runs that blew up the economy in the 1930s
No one is making the claim that regulation means no fuck ups. It just means less fuck ups and less severe results from those fuck ups. 
@_date: 2014-12-02 16:56:44


Because they understand basic economics?
What you're discussing is no different from imports increasing when a currency grows stronger (imports cost less, but people buy more!!!???? What a huge surprise!). It doesn't in any way disprove deflationary theory. 
@_date: 2014-06-17 18:46:21
why should they? 
they are beholden to no one but themselves. Is bitcoin supposed to run on altruism? 
They have an obligation to raise their fees to lower their product quality because other competitors are not to par? 
@_date: 2014-08-19 21:56:41
you don't understand inflation. 
$1 dollar in 1930 is equal to $24 in 2014. Are you just 1/24th as rich as someone in 1930? 
inflation doesn't matter. You wages increase alongside it. It's an automatic process brought about by the market. Over the last 70 or so years, wage growth have never been below inflation. 
It's like asking someone if they want to be paid in yuan or usd. It doesn't matter. You're not going to have the same future wage growth. If yuan inflation is higher, wage increase for yuan will be higher by the difference. 10 years down the road, your wage would still be the same in terms of purchasing power whether you made the decision to be paid in yuan or usd.
If you hold your savings as cash or are on a fixed income *not adjusted for inflation*, it matters. Otherwise, it changes nothing. 
No one holds their savings as cash. Their wealth are held in assets, house, stocks, whatever. The liquid savings they have on hand as cash are barely influenced by inflation either because it's used up. Most likely, your liquid savings will always be a fraction of your wage. i.e 3x monthly saving. As you use them up and replace them, they change alongside your wage changes. Nothing is held for long enough for inflation to make a difference. 
the same logic applies for people living hand to mouth. 
thats for constant and steady inflation. the sort most developed economies experience. 
hyperinflation of fiat is an issue, one that bitcoin will never suffer, but hyperinflation is not the problem. the economy is. Something caused the hyperinflation. the hyperinflation is a drastic and disastrous adjustment as a result of some root issue. The government didn't decide to do it for no reason. Most of the time, if you look at cases where hyperinflation occurred, it would be just as damaging or even more damaging if it couldn't happen. for every single instance of "this is caused by hyperinflation", you can be sure something other thing triggered that hyperinflation. 
Also, we know, for a fact, that deflationary currencies are bad for economic growth. this is not hypothesis. this is observable. We have empirical data and wildly accepted theory both explaining and justifying the reasons.
now, back to your questions. Assuming efficient market.
if you're paid in btc and has 5% real wage growth, your wage growth per year will be (5% - deflation rate). If you're paid in use and has the same real wage growth, your usd growth per year will be 5% + inflation rate.
if 2 salaries start out with the same purchasing power, they will still be the same 5 or 10 years down the road. 
the same logic applies for investments/asset pricing/payout in btc vs fiat. 
same logic applies to interest rates.  and whatever else you can think of. 
note: the whole system is complex and i'm barely scraping the surface of how the economic mechanism functions. this are things you need to either learn in class or read books on, not a comment on Reddit. 
@_date: 2014-05-23 18:53:10
Wait...I'm not seeing your point, what has that got to do with bitcoins? 
@_date: 2014-06-04 23:13:09


that relationship is not predictive. That is, increasing difficulty does not predict value increase of bitcoin. 
He states the value of bitcoin induces mining behavior, which in turn increases difficulty. You're insinuating the relationship works in reverse, he did not say that. He wrote outright that bitcoin price leads difficulty. 
@_date: 2014-08-28 16:41:20


and since they don't need to use it as an argument in front of a judge...they don't have to. The bank has no legal obligation to provide you with a service. 
@_date: 2014-05-27 19:24:25


Mostly wrong.
@_date: 2014-12-14 18:44:00


yes, he is accusing Ross of being in the coffee shop, whether that accusation is relevant or not is a different issue. 
@_date: 2014-08-25 19:31:27


But Wack says there were signs that **the proposal was torpedoed by large banks looking to protect fees from wire transfers.**
that lobbying. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 15:42:06
Bitcoin's valuation depends on supply/demand, just like every other commodity. Using a tech start up as a valuation comparison is borderline retarded. The valuation methodology used for uber would make no sense when applied to bitcoin. 


there is no difference between this and valuation of copper based on current market conditions (what sort of long term infrastructure are being built) and future predicted demand (growth in markets, increased need by industries). the only different is that bitcoin valuation is less accurate and more volatile because the infrastructure is digital as opposed to physical,plus we have no idea how much bitcoin is enough bitcoin as far as market cap goes, since thats dependent on future velocity. Oh, and you need to take into account the fact that a large portion of bitcoin price hike is due to speculation activities insetad of actual usage. 
@_date: 2014-10-02 11:57:10


so? 
how difficult it is to come up with an original idea has nothing to do with how valuable or useful that idea is. I don't care if you spent 10 years of your life coming up with an idea, only how good the idea is. I don't need an original idea myself to point how the faults in other original ideas, especially when the original idea is being directly compared to a legacy system and found wanting. 
@_date: 2014-08-15 19:47:56


because it offers *significant and immediate* advantages over the alternatives at the time. The same is not true for bitcoin. 


You need to recognize what the problems are, not pretend there are none because everything can be resolved by all mighty hypothetical innovation. 


there is hyperbole, then there is idiocy. 


and if you don't give a crap about those features, like the majority of users who don't wear tinfoil hats to bed, the only value is transaction ease. That advantage can be replicated, though not with ease, with alternative cryptocurrencies and more centralized systems by utilizing the same fundamental technology. 


Thats your opinion. I don't see it that way. The vast majoity don't see it that way. Without this implicit assumption, much of the benefits of bitcoin evaporates. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 21:28:43


What? 
No you can't. Period. 
Money supply is a measurement of how much of a specific currency is out there in the economy. If you're going to denote it in something else, then the measurement itself loses all value because it doesn't convey the information it's meant to.  
Another term for money supply is money stock. Aka how much is the stock of bitcoin. You don't denote bitcoin stock in terms of another currency for the same reason you don't denote tv stock in terms of dvd players.
Money supply = asking "what is the total number of bitcoins out there?". The answer is never "you can buy every single bitcoin for 1 billion. " 
@_date: 2014-08-26 13:09:57


so? The fact that bitcoin is a DAC as he defines it does nothing to make other forms of DAC he envisions more realistic a venture. Bitcoin is a specific niche case where the act of creating service also produce the tokens used for those services. Thinking this is remotely applicable to other services in general is absurd. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 17:30:10
Except liquidity and market cap are not synonymous. whether 55m can be done 1m 55x piecemeal and not have too big of an impact on the price depends on liquidity, not on market cap. While market cap might help to improve liquidity, it is not necessary.


you're comparing apples to oranges
You're referring to investment assets (stocks, bonds, whatever). Not a transaction medium. There is far greater leeway if the underlying asset is used purely (or even mostly) to facilitate transactions. The latter would have much higher levels of liquidity. 


because markets, in aggregate are either buying and holding at a given price, or selling and not buying at a given price. If everyone else is using it as a value transfer mechanism and constantly buying/selling at breakneck speed for any given price, then there will be far less resistance. 
@_date: 2014-11-25 15:27:43
Skepticism and failure to understand are entirely different things. He outright showed total ignorance about why and how floating currencies exist/work. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 21:23:10


because there would be mandated best practice in effect, the institutions would be check up on constantly and systems would need to be audited periodically. The regulators would be asking "show me you have access to these cold wallet you claim to have access to and that your systems/programs used to producing private keys have been verified by experts to be in working order and safe for use" 
Audits on operation and finances would be forced on them. Potential for cold wallet leak would have been identified and its probability drastically reduced. 


no, it happened because on one knew what the fuck MG was going and no one could check that they are practicing what the industry understands to be best practices. Aka, there was zero supervision/regulation.
the fact that it was experimental had nothing to do with it. This was never a case of "the whole industry was blind sided by a problem and no one knew what to do because it was *experimental*". This was outright them cutting comers since they can get away with it. All of the possible/presumed mistakes MtGox made *were known factors*.
@_date: 2014-05-09 20:32:36


Yes, its bad for them, you can also argue its arbitary, but the alternative here is for the same thing to consumers instead. Again, how is it a better scenario? 
also, it has no relevance to the discussion at hand. This doesn't justify the "no fraud" claims.
@_date: 2014-08-12 22:49:00
yeah, because equating rules of conduct for society built through a democratic process with mafia rule is the poster boy of intellectual honesty. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 13:48:08


All I can say is... what the hell are you talking about?
Thats the finance definition you dumbass. Its not what anyone talking about intrinsic value of bitcoin/gold is referring to. 


Again, you know jack shit about this. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 17:35:05
because uni are research institutions. 
@_date: 2014-11-21 20:46:37
What the fuck does this have to do with bitcoin? Does using bitcoin instead of usd eliminate commodities trading? No. Does it change the fact that banks can commit fraud or manipulate markets? No. Does it change the fact that banks are in the storage business and thus have a lucrative way to benefit from influencing the markets? No. 
Bitcoin has absolutely nothing to do with anything discussed in the article. 
@_date: 2014-06-27 01:56:57


no. i never said that. What sort of fucking idiot do you have to be to interpret my words that way? 
Merchant behavior will change /= all merchants will becomes scammers. It just means scamming activity will increase in aggregate. The only point I made is that you cannot measure the value of chargeback feature based on its usage numbers, just like you don't discount the value of an existing police force just because crime rate is low. 
I'm not sure if you're actually that stupid or just being intentionally obtuse


And this has what to do with our discussion exactly? 
My point on how stupid it is to justify chargebacks as unnecessary using your usage numbers  is not based on the price of charge back services. 
Whether paying 2% extra justifies the protection is another matter entirely. One which can't be answered since there is no way to predict the extent of the changes to behavior a hypothetical elimination of charge back is. What we do know, is that a crapton of people are willing to pay 2% for the additional safety and that chargebacks directly increases eCommerce revenue. 
Your individual wants doesn't matter. Markets in the real world can't cater to every single whim of every single consumer. The larger the benefits of scale/scope, the less choices are there for niche demands. You can choose not to use a service, but you have no right to expect a producer to give you the option of what you want. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 17:54:03


EVERYONE. 
A prenup is there to make sure that when a break up happens, the man gives away a predetermined amount of money. That amount could be zero, or it could be 50%. It could be even contingent on adultery (yes, i know i said no punitive damages, but the situation is more complicated in reality and "punitive" isn't punitive). I.e 60% to wife if man cheats (80% is probably too punitive, maybe)
If I have a prenup that states I will give 1 million to my wife per year that she has been with me (those exist), **then my prenup is me intentionally drafting a contract to give away my money**.


no, you're just ignorant. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 22:13:06


yeah, cause the validity of scientific facts are personal opinions. 


when one refuse to acknowledge widespread expert consensus supported by empirical proof, I don't trust him to make decisions. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 21:38:01


this is just ridiculous
wtf does competition have to do with all this? What is the mechanism by which competition reduces fraud and operational errors? 
the best competition would do is to increase *visible areas* of service quality and costs to consumers. If nothing else, heavy competition and no regulation increases the chance that companies will cut corners on areas that are opaque to customers, like costly operational best practices, so that they can compete on price and perceived quality. 
This is not a perfectly competitive market you learn in econs 101, with perfect information on the part of consumers. Individuals cannot audit and get perfect knowledge of how the companies' operations are like. 
@_date: 2014-05-28 19:48:27


what happens when it crash and never reach 3k?
@_date: 2014-05-31 17:53:04


@_date: 2014-08-18 15:37:05


any online payment


why is this relevant to the average consumer? 
Again: Tinfoil hates are not common streetwear.


other online payment options.
@_date: 2014-06-30 14:32:29
yes, multiple definitions, which are used FOR DIFFERENT PURPOSES and DIFFERENT VALUATION STANDARDS. 


because you don't even understand enough about the topic to identify which definition of intrinsic value is being used by those people saying "gold has intrinsic value".
the whole reason why different definitions exist is because different evaluative needs require different definitions. It has to do with how reasonable it is to hold given conditions as constants for different purposes. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 13:53:01


1) which part of this statement is supposed to counter my point that its not a rally?
2) Neither does this counter my point that a 30% gain for no reason is a huge warning sign. The fact that it was so much worse in the past doesn't change the fact that volatility in the range of 30% for no reason is extremely bad. The fact that volatility might become lower in future doesn't matter. You still have to deal with high volatility now. 
decreasing future volatility and increasing price trends are just factors of expected future growth. The value of which is countered directly by current volatility. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 16:05:30


He just told you, based on empirical observation, that its not. 
Rich dudes moving millions of dollars get special treatments. This is not some hypothetical assumption of the market, this has been the case for every industry out there, finance included. Finance  especially. Frankly, you don't even need to be working within the industry to know this applies for finances and investments. 


why? this is just an accounting issue. It makes far less sense for them to program whatever special fee structure they negotiated out for whales into the system. If a customer is moving as much money as we are seeing though the exchange buying bitcoins, there is absolutely zero chance they do not have a special fee structure. 
@_date: 2014-10-08 18:44:21
Shitty countries don't use good money by economic definition. What's wrong with this? 
This is not any great revelation. Nor is it a controversial statement in the field of economics. 
@_date: 2014-04-01 04:14:17
Thats some stupid analogies. Food, clothing and housing are not public goods. Public infrastructures like roads are. 
@_date: 2014-04-11 22:24:42


the gold futures market is this. You think a dude in japan calls a broker in NY at 2am to buy gold futures? All brokers are local. 
you're trying to find a difference where none exist. 


this is total and absolute bullshit. You think US is the only country with laws and regulations to prevent financial irregularities? *Really? Are you serious?* You think Canada, or UK, or HK, or Singapore, or Australia, or China, or the Philippines, or wherever the fuck, has no regulations in place to accomplish the exact same thing? You think the government just allows people to laundry money? 
Not to mention you have to abide by local laws if you choose to act as a financial institution in that country. If they want to do business in US, they have to perform AML. *Same for multiple other countries and their own versions of AML laws*. 
the level of ignorance here is staggering. 
@_date: 2014-06-04 23:03:27


there is no way to ascertain that this fact can justify the price. Right now, speculation is rampant and driving up prices. the necessarily market cap required for bitcoin to become a value transmitting mechanism is not as clear cut as its made out to be. The whole "remittence + paypal = X million, so bitcoin will achieve a cap of X million if it replace those" argument is extremely flawed. 
10 years from now, bitcoin could very well just survive as one out of many different ways to remit money and enable eCommerce, while having a price of $100-$200.
@_date: 2014-05-12 15:22:54


Its bad when the bad experience in question is a direct result of anonymity and could be prevented by not having it


yes, tell use more about how the solution to counter the negatives of anonymity is to remove it.
@_date: 2014-05-26 17:08:16


you have no point. you're assuming a exchange can and should have all business logged on the exchange, thats ignorant and infantile. 


I take offense to outright ignorance. 
@_date: 2014-05-21 14:12:47
and that does not make it into a currency either. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 23:28:32


he gave a real argument. he pointed out you don't crushing the vertical scale to make the r2 line fit correctly for such analysis because it clashes with oyur understanding of real markets based on past empirical proof 
@_date: 2014-05-16 04:48:36


an IOU written on a napkin *could* be a contract if it fulfills specific criterion. sure, it can be a contract, I never claimed otherwise. My point is with regards to the probability of you being able to get it to work as one. 
From a practical standpoint, its not a contract unless its enforceable, instead of the other way round. As it is, without a central agency, there is no enforcability. The system itself is built to make identification of the owner's identity impossible if done correctly. Who exactly is going to have the power to move money from the wallet of the person who gave out the colored bitcoin? The ToS for paypal only matters because they actually have the ability to enforce it though control of funds in an account. If they couldn't, that ToS is the napkin above. 
 
@_date: 2014-06-16 15:56:21
If they do, the banks work to get your money back. They have multiple methods they can try. Bitcoin transactions are irreversible by design.
@_date: 2014-05-26 13:34:30


Yes. but wall street entities that can't invest in bitcoin (due to regulations or whatever reason) probably won't be able to invest in the ETF either. 
Its purely convenience at this point. As a listed ETF buys can "buy" bitcoins using services like etrade. There is, to my knowledge, no real reason this ETF exists. Other ETF that tracks a basket provides value by doing the work of adjusting the % of the components and maintaining them to enable accurate tracking. this ETF is just 100% bitcoin. Feel free to corrct me if I'm missing something. 
@_date: 2014-05-24 00:46:03


Yeah, cause a 50+ year old's bachelors degree decades ago is a factor in his hiring. That makes total sense.   


I never discussed the limitations of his knowledge, i discussed the lack of supporting proof that he is any more knowledgeable than others, at least to the extent to justify putting him on a pedestal. That comes from me having the basic understanding of what the US Mint does and doesn't do.
@_date: 2014-05-23 18:40:46


I discount him because he has not displayed any expertise. **Making him no different from literally any other supporters and thus no reason for his comments to be put on pedestal.** How is this difficult to understand? 
You can't see that the only reason people give a shit is because they mistakeningly think he is some sort of expert due to his position at the Mint? 


**Which is irrelevant and the point I was making.** 
Again: My point is that your point is irrelevant to the discussion. 
No shit there are people in government who might like bitcoin. You think the fact that an organization with 1.8 million employees contain individuals that are pro bitcoin is a note worthy to be pointed out? You have to be literally retarded not to already assume that to be the case.
Unless there is something special about him, it isn't. Its as irrelevant as picking any other comment by any other random pro bitcoin individual and acting like it matters. 


Insinuating you shouldn't be loyal to a company because they have harmed you by holding your mortgage.


keep telling yourself that.
@_date: 2014-06-09 15:44:15
$1 a year, plus future monetization per user, plus the fact that by buying it, FB can eliminate it as a future competitor and "gain" any losses per user it would potentially have lost. 
All this for just $30+ per user. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 13:39:20
Autism: when you can't understand there exist differences between colloquial terms and technical terms
@_date: 2014-06-13 16:46:23


If you want to work under the "infinity x double spend without being stopped" assumption, sure. If someone *unstoppable* is double spending infinity times his coins, then all coins have value zero because money supply is now infinite. Is that not intuitive? this of course requires that the uncontrollable participant actually DO the infinity spending, or appear to have the intention to do so.
By definition: money supply = money held by all participants at any single point in time. You are a participant. Your counterfeit technique allows every $1 bill you are holding to be equivalent (in every way that matters) to $X bill someone else holds. Ergo the conclusion. What exactly is difficult about this basic logic progression?
@_date: 2014-06-02 16:51:07
If only gold needs to be declared just like cash. Oh wait, it does.
Not to mention you need to liquidate the gold, unless you're willing to hold onto a cash equivalent for years to get away from scrutiny. Since bitcoin can be used directly for transactions, that issue is minimized. 
@_date: 2014-06-04 14:05:11


No its not.
If someone can obtain the majority of hashing power that way, they can do it when the turning off is gradual. 
you're acting like the hard cutoff is unexpected. Its not. People already adjusted to it before they even happened. If they were planning to stop mining at difficulty X, they would do it at X whether its gradual or instant. If they don't plan on stopping mining, they would have better hardware replacements either way. 
The rate of change doesn't influence future expected behavior whatsoever, since everything is known and expected .  
@_date: 2014-04-16 17:19:52


yes. 


**because thats what taxation is.** Wtf do you think you are doing when you pay taxes on your normal income? Income is just a measure of value for economic activity performed. Just like the market price of the car. you can technically also measure it in cars, or bitcoins, or even bananas. 
the road you used to bring the parts to you are made by the government, your education that allowed you to eventually make that car is subsidized by the government. The whole functioning market that allows you to purchase the materials are supported by the government. The government, in varying degrees, makes everything possible. Thats what living in a modern society means. 
The government asks you to pay then a % of all your *economic production* so that they can continue doing their jobs and making such ventures possible for you and others after you. This is the core concept of taxation. 


There is no difference. 
this is like saying you should be taxed when you spend your income, not when you earn it. Conceptually there is a difference, in practice there is none. 
the only difference is that its more difficult for them to access it, or know about it, and that there is no procedures specifically for "cars". But thats a practicality issue, not a conceptual one. 


then you're wrong. Maybe you should try and first try and understand what the concept of taxation is before making your views known about it. 


when i rent my car out i'm adding value to whomever i rented it out to and getting rewarded with dollars.
Somehow just because the reward  for mining activity is measured in bitcoins and not dollars taxation shouldn't exist? 
If you're arguing that taxation itself is unfair and theft, then we open a whole different can of worms. But you aren't.
@_date: 2014-06-14 19:28:02


but you changing does not mean that the price won't go further down anyway. Individual miners are mostly insignificant % of total harsh rate. This is not a choice between losing money from changing and gaining money from stopping the price drop. Individual miners don't get that choice. They get to either lose money from changing or not to lose money from changing. 
@_date: 2014-06-15 20:04:20


But difficulty changes exist, which causes prior periods to weight more. 


This is NOT THE POINT. the mean outcome in this case applies for a large group of miners, not for any given individual miner (no matter the duration of mining) due to the prior point regarding difficulty. Businesses needs to be rewarded for taking on risk, just maintaining identical expected return for additional risk is not enough. 
Volatility is risk, in this case, risk that 1) **cannot be mitigated by time** and 2) will likely happen. 
@_date: 2014-05-23 22:23:50


Because "a routine basis interfaces with both the public and the federal reserve, manages Fort Knox, must understand and deal with massive security issues, and deals daily with commodities like gold, silver, platinum, etc." as shit to do with bitcoins and discussions on its viability as either a replacement currency nor a online e-commerce mechanism.
they are both equal because neithers' job provides ANY relevant knowledge. 
I just love how you tries to mislead with phrases like " deals daily with commodities like gold, silver, platinum". The only way his organization deals with it is to transport it and turn them from ingots to pretty coins. 
Likewise, he "interfaces with ... the federal reserve", by getting directives from the treasury on how many shiny coins to produce and doing as told. 
@_date: 2014-08-09 15:40:35


No, it doesn't show that at all. It shows the exact opposite, since your example assumes dollar value of goods are constant. 


Who cares if purchasing power of dollars change? It doesn't matter. Purchasing power of dollars dropped to 1/24th of what it was in 1913, are people 1/24th as rich as they were? The only thing that matters is the purchasing power of an individual's salary, which has nothing to do with purchasing power of an individual dollar. No reasonable person keeps any significant saving/investments as cash either.
@_date: 2014-06-27 18:40:56


if one has to jump through hoops to claim refund, consumers would prefer other services.
There is a reason why chargeback is as easy as it is right now. The factors resulting in the current market equilibrium on how easy chargeback should be won't change if you switch to bitcoin.. 
@_date: 2014-12-28 17:27:15


By your own words, intrinsic utility leads to value, ergo, value is intrinsic. 
Intrinsic value is not removed just because individual valuation of that value is subjective. Value obtained SOLELY FROM individual valuation is subjective, intrinsic value has nothing to do with that. Just because I hate pizza does not lessen the intrinsic value of pizza. It just reduces the additional subjective component of value it provides. 
@_date: 2014-05-27 17:29:00


you think their overall revenue shot up 1000% because of added publicity? AND that revenue increase was almost entirely in fiat instead of bitcoin, even though the publicity is regarding them using of bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-05-15 14:42:21


its not a clearing mechanism when there is no way to enforce an exchange of the token for bitcoins.
For it to be a clearing mechanism, you need 
1) the leeway to stop bitcoin transfer if goods are not delivered
2) the ability to enforce bitcoin transfer if goods are delivered
this only has the former, not the latter.
It would make functionally no difference, from a "clearing mechanism" point of view, as just saying "i will give you X after you mailed me the car"
@_date: 2014-08-14 19:52:00


@_date: 2014-05-27 21:43:52


then bitcoin sales would not drop to 0.1%
If you were claiming that "overall revenue shot up" as a possible explanation for a 10 fold drop of bitcoin sales % relative to total. 100% is not gonna cut it


**would it shrink to anywhere remotely close to 0.1% down from 1%?** 
Assuming 99% of total revenues double and 1% thats bitcoin increased by 25%
0.5*1.25= 0.625%
The point is that you would have to assume revenue increased by absurd amounts for the numbers to be possible. Which makes that assumption itself absurd. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 15:35:20
self interest is the reason to stay. 
If other leave, you're better off staying. If others stay, you're still better off staying. Logic applies to any single individual with effectively zero market share. This is basic economic theory. 
@_date: 2014-04-16 19:34:49


yes, its the difference between economic theory and practicality. Economics doesn't care what your income is in the form of. USD/GBP/Gold/Bitcoin/food, its all the same. Everything is measured by value, we just use $ to denote value because its conceptually easy to understand. 
@_date: 2014-04-23 22:07:55


and as a private business, they don't need one. 


so what are you advocating here? giving gov the power to interfere in private businesses' practices for the common good in lieu of free market pressures? You sure thats a position yo're willing to take?
@_date: 2014-04-25 03:23:22
you idiocy is hurting yourself. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 16:00:47


If every single dollar you hold can be used twice, then the money supply has increased by the amount of whatever you own.
The fact that the money supply increase fluctuates based on your holdings at any single point in time is irrelevant.  
@_date: 2014-06-26 13:17:47
wtf does that have to do with the discussion?
or do you actually think you are justified in acting like a dumbass because dumbasses exist? 
@_date: 2014-10-29 14:36:48
You have no idea what counter party risk is do you? 
Using counter party risk as an argument for bitcoin is hilariously stupid. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 15:48:08


other decentralized crypto currencies with similar properties. 
Gold is a unique product with unique chemical/physical properties that makes it difficult to substitute for in industrial processes. Bitcoin is not. I can make an 100% identical cryto-coin and call it cowcoin. I can't do that for gold. 
@_date: 2014-05-10 05:23:59


but do you understand that using stolen property to enter into transaction with someone else is also fraud because you don't own the property you are exchanging?
there is 2 fraud happening. Him stealing something, and him exchanging something that doesn't belong to him for something else. the first fraud happened to the victim, the second to retailer. You don't get to fucking keep the property the initial victim lost through the first fraud to make up for the loss to you as a result of the 2nd fraud. 
ffs, go pick up a book and learn whats going on before debating things you have no clue about.  
@_date: 2014-07-30 17:34:53
It takes a special mix of narcissism, ignorance and stupidity for one to reach the conclusion they can outsmart the system with such an idiotic method. 
@_date: 2014-05-12 12:21:54


I love how not only are do you display ignorance regarding basic macroeconomics, you also use a child's logic of "if something is bad, obviously the opposite is good and desirable."


Oh really? A fixed number could be a small % of a large number? Wow, obviously they were trying to mislead you by not stating that explicitly! What kind of assholes just assumes people understanding elementary school level math? 
I don't even know how stupid you have to be for this to be a "mistruth" (nice word creation there btw).
@_date: 2014-08-14 13:40:21
you can't understand how stocks provide you with a claim on real life company asset/income? 
@_date: 2014-06-23 21:49:11


this statement is based on what exactly? You don't think it would be better for the video game economy to be able to sell large amounts of units at launch at higher prices? 
As I've said before, we have observed people choosing to forgo ps4/ps2 at launch so that they can buy it cheaper later. Thats sufficient proof of deflation's impact on consumption. 


So what? The existence of time preference does not negate anything I've said.
Time preference is a measurement of the difference in valuation between the timing of consumption. **That valuation is ultimately still weighted against the economic value of waiting** (aka, magnitude of drop in price). Deflation directly increases the economic value of weighting. Just because someone has a positive time preference and is willing to pay a premium to get a product earlier doesn't mean the magnitude of the premium he is willing to pay is infinite. 
For any given value of time preference, deflation causes a reduction in consumption. There will be consumers who used to find time preference &gt; value of waiting that now finds value of waiting &gt; time preference.
@_date: 2014-05-23 22:33:19


No, endless tirade because you have no clue what the mint does.


my argument is not based on my education credentials. Its based on me remembering high school civics and knowing what the Mint does and does not do.  




Manufacturing and selling national commemorative medals;
Designing and producing the congressional gold medals;
Designing, producing, and marketing special coinage;
Safeguarding and controlling the movement of bullion;
Disbursing gold and silver for authorized purposes;
Distributing coins from the various mints to Federal Reserve Banks.
this is all that the mint does.
Please, enlighten me on how knowing details regarding these matters is significant to the matter we're discussing or lends him any relevant expert knowledge. this is akin to claiming the guy running the printing press is an expert on literature just because he prints books. The ignorance is laughable. 
@_date: 2014-05-11 19:45:12


how exactly would they even do the identification? I mean, yes, its technically doable, but resource concerns are limited by practicality. 
@_date: 2014-06-06 22:28:54
debt and credit cards are entirely different for most of the world. 
Credit cards are a loan. Debt card is just to allow you to access money you deposited.  
Not being about to get a loan doesn't in any way mean you can't open an account and deposit money. 


this is simply not the case for most people. Credit cards doesn't come automatically. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 17:08:24
or a sign that people entering the market just sees it as a speculative asset as opposed to an actual product providing value.
 
@_date: 2014-04-16 17:58:22
Come at me IRS!!
@_date: 2014-08-17 16:50:13


Acknowledging ignorance in the fact of actual ignorance is far better than using faulty information. Not having information doesn't justify using obviously faulty information. 
That model is wrong for the exact same reason this one is. Move up e-commerce slider and you get 27k/bitcoin pricing (or the black market/remittence/MS sliders). Thats absurd and entirely misses impact of velocity. A $1/bitcoin price can service the same transaction volume as a $27k pricing so long as velocity is high enough. 
Sure, we might not know the future velocity of bitcoin now, but we do know with near certainly that it's not going to be similar to fiat's current velocity. 
@_date: 2014-03-14 22:05:49


no one cares what you think. intrinsic value is a term with a specific definition. We use it to describe a specific concept. 
This is a economics/finance issue, not a philosophical debate. 


Its NOT.
Stop fucking making up definitions for terms.
Why the fuck are people like you making claims on whether the usage of a term in valid when *you obviously don't even know what the terms means?* This is worse than outright ignorance. 
@_date: 2014-12-11 03:51:01


did they just stay there forever? No? 
And where did i even talk about market? Assets /= market. 
If you don't want exposure to the stock market, there are multiple other assets you can store your value in, many of which directly pegged to inflation. 
@_date: 2014-05-16 18:21:59


what is this about "investing" in the spread?
They are just saying they will sell bitcoins at a higher price and buy at a lower price. 
Customers are still paying the exact same amount in fees, its just hidden better. 
@_date: 2014-09-19 18:48:36


THEN YOU DON'T NEED $X MARKET CAP TO PERFORM $x MAXIMUM TRANSACTION. Simple as that


You're an idiot through and through. The though experiment is unrealistic because it's an extreme case. the point is that it illustrates what velocity does. **So long as velocity &gt;1**, you don't need $X market cap for $X transaction. Your stupid assertion is thus proven wrong. Real world fiat velocity is already much higher, bitcoin will be more so. It doesn't matter if velocity is going to be 1.00000000000001 or 10000 or infinity, you're still wrong since it's still &gt;1. 


no one is making this proposal. Stop putting words in my mouth. The only thing I stated is that market cap &lt; max transaction volume. You're an idiot if you can't understand the difference between that and what you claimed i was saying.


Thats YOU. That is a factually wrong statement. Shut the fuck up if you don't even have a basic grasp of fundamental economic concepts. 
@_date: 2014-06-05 17:13:15


again: they are also possible by other means too.
Printing worked because markets ultimately don't care that debt is added. Since thats the case, doing it directly through debt would have the same result. If market don't give a shit about "phantom" debt from inflation used to finance the bailout, they don't a give a shit about the exact same level of debt incurred through direct methods. Why should they? The 2 scenarios have the exact same result.
if the bailout didn't cause ranway inflation due to the debt added, then they won't have had a problem financing it directly through debt. No runway inflation meant market is confident in the US gov's ability to deal with the new debt amount without printing banknotes. Thats the same requirement (ability to pay it back) needed for market to lend money to implement a bailout through direct debt. 


the fact that they fucked up in 2007, when there were no guarantees of a bailout, means your theory is junk.  
@_date: 2014-06-30 13:55:49


Industrial use. Are you serious here? 


**"NOT** zero" is not a specific value. Its a range. Its literally half of all possible values. 
@_date: 2014-06-04 11:09:46
But bitcoin is magic! Its revolutionary! All past economic thought are worthless!
@_date: 2014-03-03 17:23:12
jesus fucking hell...this subreddit is absurd...
**banking activities did.** moneylenders have existed for literally 1000s of years. whether the group of moneylenders are refereed to collectively as a "banking institution" or "moneylender's guild" or just "those moneylenders" does't matter. The activity does.


*there are literally references to banking activities in the old testament.*
your point is akin to saying that corporations didn't exist in the past, so businesses obviously doesn't either. 
A case *might* be made that fractional reserve in the modern sense didn't exist for 1000s of years, since it only became institutionalized during 16th. But the underlying concept itself, and the activity was being performed long before that. 


This is a fractional banking system. Just not modern version because there is no way for them to perform the function on as large a scale due to extreme inaccuracies in measuring risk/demand. As time went by, with bigger and bigger institutions, they were able to do more. Then when you get to 16th century or latter, their growth in size/scale of operations and proficiency allowed banking entities to achieve true modern fractional banking.
@_date: 2014-06-23 21:34:28


because thats a strawman. No one thnks that. We *know* that level of consumption will be negatively influenced, but not stopped. Non-essential and time sensitive consumption will be pushed back, but they won't be eliminated.
If someone used to upgrade your car every 2 years, they might choose to do so every 2 and a half years because waiting provides more value than before. Its the exact same reason some people wait for a price drop before buying electronics (cell phones, computers etc etc) instead of getting it launch day. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 12:55:27
obviously. when have you ever heard of a Luna rocket come crashing down? 
@_date: 2014-08-18 14:38:11


Or you're just too ignorant to understand what his point is.
Transactions are economic activities. Moving money around your own accounts is not. How is this an arbitrary subjective definition? or even a difficult concept to grasp? 
@_date: 2014-05-11 17:06:11
and how exactly does exchange faking trades induce real trades? Usage by people who use the boins are independent of market activity. Speculative buying/hoarding results in increased trade volume, the reverse is not true (or at least the relationship is FAR weaker). 
also, he said "price goes up on all exchanges", wtf does that have to do, or can cause, or leads to, fake trade activities?.
@_date: 2014-05-26 16:53:59
no shit sherlock, we're talking probabilities. 
The point is that unless you can prove the higher probability case is false, it makes no sense to skip over it and grasp onto the lower probability case. 
the fact that the probability for an alternative case is &gt;0% is irrelevant.  


just because sometimes the explanation is complicated doesn't mean it makes any sense to assume it is for any given case. 
@_date: 2014-08-21 15:01:21
You need to remove popular addresses like OP did. 
@_date: 2014-10-02 12:11:51


please, enlighten us on how new trade theory is wrong. 
@_date: 2014-06-14 17:00:25
No, each miner is losing money because of *other* miner's behavior. Both you and OP doesn't understand strategic decision making. 
@_date: 2014-05-12 14:45:20


no, the perfect solution would be for them to accept credit card or you having enough cash, not for them to accept a whole different currency and for you to have enough of that currency. 
@_date: 2014-12-19 20:03:24


That's also a cost of consumer protection. If they remove it, they take on more risks, which increase costs, which translates to higher direct fees. Nothing changes. 
@_date: 2014-08-15 17:04:52


Known fact: there is no law in mathematics, or any theory from other subject area, that guarantees cryptocurrency will endure
his words: the opposite of the above
his words are factually incorrect. This is not up for debate, it's not an opinion. there is nothing to agree to disagree about. 


I'm stating an empirical fact. Him being wrong is not an opinion, him being wrong is a fact. Him being wrong = him being misleading is not an opinion either, it's a direct logical conclusion and/or semantic transformation (you can even call it an understatement). 
@_date: 2014-06-09 20:49:55
by your reasoning, literally every single CEO for any public company would be "cashed out" and "playing king with investor money". I guess thats proof all of them are just fucking around. 
In fact, Mark probably owns more of the company he runs than 99% of all other CEOs.
@_date: 2014-05-23 11:46:21


No, bitcoin policy is *implemented* by math and science. Bitcoin policy is simply based the opinion that inflation is bad.
@_date: 2014-11-04 18:38:39
Seeing as this is a response to Canadian government regulations, Wtf is your point? 
@_date: 2014-06-03 22:27:48


So what? Again, its 1-3% annual. People don't care that bitcoin can recover 6 month down the road if they can't use it now. Cash is not an investment, its there to be *used*. 
Being able to use it &gt;&gt; minor loss in value


What do you think *risk* is?
Which is more *risky*? A known and expected inflation of 1-3% or high volatility that could result in you not being able to use your cash unless you're willin to take a 30-50% purchasing power hit? 
You don't seem to understand what risk actually is. 
@_date: 2014-05-28 18:24:26


OP is no making that point at all. 
As for why there isn't such a company, its because of regulations and nothing to do with this discussion. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 13:42:58


I never said it is. It doesn't have to be unusual for my point to stand. In fact, this not being unusual supports the "its not a rally" aspect of my point. If its not unusual for prices to jump up and down, why does a random jump up represent a good thing? We know its gonna come down latter. 
also, i'm pretty sure at least some of those jumps have determinable reasons. 
 
@_date: 2014-10-25 15:39:09
Non profit doesn't mean the company makes no profits. It means profits are retained for self preservation or expansion instead of distributed to owners. You still need revenues to cover costs and provide capital for expansions.
 Stop being an idiot.
@_date: 2014-08-19 20:28:58


except when the case where better is irrelevant. It's better to be wearing helmet when you fall from a plane, but you're going to be dead irregardless. 


and a large amount of that is in illegal activities like drug trade. Not normal economic activities people undertake. 
even the normal "mow my lawn for cash" usage doesn't change things. When you cannot spend the cash you get from mowing a lawn at any decently sized merchant, you stop asking for it because it's not useful. 


Because banks are not lockbox services. Your bitcoin wallet is not a bank. 


**It is.** 
Just because the world is using bitcoin doesn't mean banks are not needed. Banks are ultimately just the modern incarnation of an aggregated lending entity. It would exist so long as exist a need for loans.  That need doesn't disappear just because people are using bitcoin. 
One money lender is a small bank, 10 money lenders together is a bigger bank. 10 money lenders together, while gaining extra capital through deposits by providing services/interest to depositors is an even bigger bank. 1 will lead to 2 will lead to 3, thats the history of banking.  can now perform fractional banking. In fact, all 3 entities could perform fractional banking,  can just do it much easier. 
bitcoin doesn't prevent one lender from lending. It doesn't prevent 10 from forming an aggregate lending entity, neither does it prevent that entity from getting capital for loans by going through step 3 and obtaining bitcoin deposits in return for interest. there is nothing preventing fractional banking. 


this is, again a failure to understand what you're talking about. Using bitcoin does no such thing. the only difference is that itès more easy to know how much bitcoin the bank controls. thats worthless. Currency systems can find out how much money a bank controls just fine. the issue is with understanding the bank's complicated debt obligations. Thats the IOU part. 
As i've mentioned, fractional banking happens through accounting. what the units used ($, btc, gold) doesn't matter. Using a different currency doesn't change anything. the issue for fiat + IOU is with the IOU part. Changing it to btc + IOU does not remove the problem. Neter does changing from fiat to btc remove the IOU aspect.
@_date: 2014-05-23 22:22:21
and you should make use of the time to pick up a book or 2. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 18:20:58


By your reasoning fiat money is also not affected because people holding cash would still have their money 
@_date: 2014-05-31 15:35:21


What? How? You think modern finance is limited to 1 cent as the lowest unit of account? You don't think financial systems requiring working with fractions of a cent exists? You don't think that current systems can deal with account ranges of 0.00000000001 cent, or however lower, if the need arises? You think fractions of a cent are not precise divisions?
The whole "infinite divisibility" is retarded to begin with. Its not a useful property. You don't need infinite divisibility, you just need *sufficient* divisibility.
As far as deflationary currency goes, non-divisibility is not even close to the top issues people are concerned about. No one is using future divisional issues as a argument against deflationary currency, I have, literally never see that point being made ever with regards to bitcoins. There are so many other issues of greater concern for such a system that you've got to be an idiot to jump on the divisibility problem.
@_date: 2014-06-20 01:50:23


so? What has this got to do with your individual choice on leaving any given pool? Almost every single individual miner is insignificant. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 16:21:39


except this is entirely wrong. 
The business accounts of the company are not the exchange's accounts of its transactions. Its that PLUS a bunch of other things, which could easily include direct fee payment logs/contracts elsewhere. So long as those are in the business' accounting books, its fine. 
again: business' accounting books = exchange's accounts of its transactions + tons of other stuff
these is nothing obtuse about this. 
you're basically claiming Mt.Got can only engage its business using a single method or its accounts won't match. Thats straight up retarded. Even normal businesses generally have multiple payment options that are different, to be used for different types of customers. If a stationary store can treat retail and business customers differently and use different pricing schemes, why can't mt.gox?
@_date: 2014-03-28 00:18:34
Unlike piracy, you don't leave a money trail when you cash out on bitcoin.
What are you going to do, keep your profits in a mayonnaise jar? The comparison is retarded.
@_date: 2014-06-17 23:29:04


and how does he do that by moving away? Every individual mine's behavior is insignificant.
Statistically, his behavior does nothing to reduce Ghash's dominance and has no impact on "keeping the network running". If its going to drop, it would have dropped even if he stayed with Ghash, if its going to remain above 50%, it would even if he left. 
@_date: 2014-03-14 20:21:26


this is bullshit. deflation is deflation. 


all else being the same, it means exactly that. 


and rising production + increased tech advances (resulting in lowered production cost relative to labor, could be through transportation etc) will absolutely result in this.  
If cheap energy that can replace existing alternatives is suddenly discovered tomorrow and put into use, deflation will immediately occur. It will be great for everyone (other than those in the old energy industry)


@_date: 2014-10-31 14:31:41
Value also comes from fiat being legal tender, which means no one within the country can reject payment in the fiat of that country, so long as the government stands. 
@_date: 2014-06-18 19:29:29


stop making stupid analogies that doesn't reflect the issue at had. They did nothing wrong other than offer a better service and attracting more customers. 
By all means, how exactly is "explosive fishing techniques" supposed to reflect? Offering less fees and better results? 


When you injected yourself into a conversation where someone is advocating Ghash raising their fees. If you didn't read what was being discussed, don't butt in.


You said exactly that, even if its not in those exact words. You called it destroying the ecosystem, while willfully ignoring the only reason for that happeneding is them being better than everyone else. The 2 are one and the same. 


no you idiot. The logical response is to stay. This is the obvious  equilibrium by participants. The market is not a single entity. 


Sorry you are having such a difficult time understanding literally everything. I'm not going to bother with a lost case. 
@_date: 2014-07-10 16:09:09
And people don't care. They haven't cared for decades. Outside of this sub, most people don't wear tinfoils and think the government is out to screw them over or that hyperinflation will destroy everything they have in the future. Its the same reason most people don't buy gold and hide it in a hole in preparation for economic collapse. 
This initiative takes the most important benefits of bitcoin that the vast majority of potential everyday users actually give a damn about (transaction ease) and allows it to be utilized for fiat. 
the only reason people here are against this is because there is a much higher chance of bitcoin failing as a store of value, or seeing a decrease in future equilibrium pricing, without the currently unique transaction benefits backing it up and giving it short to mid term utility that other currency and transaction methods cannot offer. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 03:03:37


and that training is not going to be your bachelors 30+ years ago. What next, they are going to check if he took specific 4th year economics courses they require for the post? 


And as far as i'm concerned you know nothing. Read your own link. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 14:46:31


It just shows you have no clue what you're talking about if you think this fact meant there would "not be enough money". 
Debt &gt; money doesn't matter. Money flows. You replaying $50 to a creditor doesn't mean that $50 is "used up", it can be used to repay your creditor's creditor. 
That example just illustrated how $50 of money is responsible for replaying $100 of debt. This is literally first year economics.
@_date: 2014-06-09 16:14:18


Its far from prudent. Essentially, the company is engaging in speculative activities, which is nowhere near the scope of its business. If owners/shareholders of the company wants to jump onto the potential gravy train of bitcoin, they could do it themselves and talior the risk exposure to their own needs. There is no reason for the company to do it. 


i have no clue what possible tax liabilities are offset. You understand business, especially one thats not a sole proprietorship like a 1 man start up, is still going to pay taxes right?
@_date: 2014-06-27 20:58:53


If this could be the case, then it would also apply to current customers. The market will equilibrate such that the increased price paid by current consumers is equal to the risk born by dishonest customers and vendors.
The whole point of OP's whining is that he doesn't believe this is the case.
**Even if it were the case, nothing changes for the merchant.** They incur the same amount of fraud, get the same amount of extra profit from increased pricing to make up for that fraud. If the current situation is unsatisfactory to the merchant now, there is no reason whatsoever it would be satisfactory to the merchant when your scenario is realized.  
@_date: 2014-09-07 17:24:17


yeah, cause all those civilizations in europe without people carrying guns around are all barbarian states. 


or maybe gun restrictions are made tougher in areas with high crime rate as a method to combat crimes. 
@_date: 2014-05-10 05:36:02
which would do the exact same thing. This is an AML/tax evasion issue. 
@_date: 2014-08-18 15:00:21


No one is going to ban mining. They are just going to ban merchant acceptance. 
@_date: 2014-03-28 00:13:11
did you pay $160 when you bought that $160 worth of bitcoin? Or did you pay less?
If you paid less however many months ago when you bought those bitcoin, you benefited from cap gain. Your not paying $160, you're paying $160 worth of assets. If those assets cost you less than $160, you've made taxable gains. 
The bitcoins are NOT $160 USD. they are $160 USD worth of assets.
How is this difficult to understand?
@_date: 2014-08-13 22:02:03


So 5(+)%. 
Which is based on an estimate of bitcoin sales in the range of 6-8m range for the whole of 2014. 
Previously, they announced making 1 mil from Jan till March, 600k from March till May, and having a total cumulative that "exceeded 2 million" since they started till now. Thats anywhere from 400k to 1.4m from may to Aug
As important as xmas is, the estimated sales range for 2014 still seems to be pretty optimistic on his part. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 17:49:18
That article is retarded. The alternative is a possible banking run brought about by market panic (whether due to sabotage or natural) and bank failure, which would be worse for everyone involved. 
The fact that they have the ability to do something like this when the need arise is a good thing. This is an example that showcases the benefits of regulation. 
hypothetical situation where Ukraine's financial system/economy gets sabotaged through an induced bank run by russian interests is now impossible.  
@_date: 2014-05-07 04:29:35


except people aren't urging Argentinians to buy usd so that their usd assets would rise in price. On the other hand, thats whats happening for bitcoins. Not always, but enough for the cries of "its a pyramid scheme" to have at least some merit. 
Pretending its not an actual issue is is just selectively blindness on the part of this subreddit. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 20:36:52


the value of all those things you listed are denoted in money. Their comparative prices are based on their monetary value.  
you're not buying stocks for gold, you're buying $1MM worth of stock by paying $1MM worth of gold. 
anyways, money /= medium of exchange. Money needs to be a lot more than just that. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 16:40:47
This is just ignorance speaking. 
Interest doesn't matter. Its just an addition to wealth. Money owed = money owned. This is, by definition, true. Every dollar you owe someone is owned by someone. In fact, we are all borrower and all lenders at the same time, the Fed included. 
Which means wealth = current asset - current obligation + all debt outstanding owed to you + interest. **Money is not part of that equation**. Money is a method of wealth transfer, it is NOT the wealth itself. 
How much money doesn't matter. You only need $1. *How long* that $1 takes to repay everything is the issue, and it would just depend on its velocity within the given economy. 
This is the same reason why the "bitcoin will have a market cap the size of total commercial transactions that use it" sentiment you always here on this sub is retarded. You don't need $300 million of money to facilitate $300 million of transactions.
This doesn't even take into account the fact that repayment is not only in the form of "money", but also labour. If I borrow $100 from a someone, I can use it to set up a business and perform $107 worth of work for that someone. This direct relationship is too cumbersome (the lender would have to have a need for my labor), but because the actual closed loop relation web can involve thousands of parties (I do the labor for someone else who wants it, that someone else in turn perform labor (that initial lender want) in my steed for the initial lender, now add a 1000 more people), it works. We merely use money to facilitate the unit of account and wealth transfer within this economic web. 
Thats $106 worth of debt eliminated *without* the need for a single dollar of money.


**For this fed example, the Fed would be repaying interest and principle to bondholders at the same time** (oh my, did the tin foil hat anti-gov frantic forgot that gov debt is a thing?). If all debts are to be repaid, then $100 would first be repaid to fed, Fed will repay money back into the economy through its bond obligations, then that money will, through various borrowing/lending agreements, get back into the dude who owes the Fed $106 and allow them to repay the remaining $6.
Mathematically, the whole borrowing+lending web is always going to be a closed loop that balance out. There is no way anyone can end up short on money. 
 


Any first year economic course would have gone through the whole process when macro economics + banking is being taught. You not knowing jack shit doesn't mean its an unsolvable problem or that its not taught. Go goggle the issue yourself and you can find detailed explanations for the topics I essentially merely touch on, including the solution to that specific "problem" you brought up.  
*In fact, I'm going to go on further and say that your words are outright stupid, not just ignorant. Even for someone is not familiar with economics, it should be clear that for your insinuations to be remotely true, money would have to be the ONLY ASSET AND FORM OF REPAYMENT POSSIBLE. Thats retarded. If it is not (aka, real world), you can repay $100 worth of loans with any asset/labor that cost the equivalent of usd $100. Fed or no fed.*
@_date: 2014-04-16 17:59:11


is this really difficult to understand, or are you just stupid? 


no i don't, because i dont panter to idiocy. 
@_date: 2014-08-18 19:12:12
his point is that the value of bitcoin has nothing to do with it's ability to make you rich.
@_date: 2014-09-18 03:14:33


It means absolutely nothing so long as default doesn't happen, and it most probably won't. is filled with people with no actual understanding of economics. Unless there is some sort of huge mismanagement (which we will get into), countries don't have to repay their debts, they are not people.
Debt matters to people because we are mortal. At a certain point, we stop producing economic value, or income. So before that happens, all debts need to be repaid. **The same is not true for a country.** A country never dies. It doesn't get old and doesn't need to retire. A country can service a debt thats x% of it's GDP the same way a young 30 year old with a stable job can service a bigger mortgage than a 65 year old retiree. The 30 year old eventually turns into the 65 year old retiree, a country never does. 
As far as % of GDP goes, it's fine. It rose sharply, but thats to be expected. America was undergoing the biggest recession in decades, revenues fall and expenditure increases during such periods. Relative to the size of the economy and comparison with similar economies, there is no major mismanagement of debt. 
I won't even be so angry if the idiots chiming up are talking about relevant issues like % of GDP.  Instead we get retards talking about "the debt would mean $x per citizen". That sort of talk is outright stupid and makes no sense economically. Thats like trying to scare someone why comparing their total mortgage to their monthly income. 
@_date: 2014-06-26 21:26:24
then the exact same thing will happen. Scammers will find a way. 
@_date: 2014-04-11 18:22:53
in the simplest terms: because it acts as a disincentive for people to hoard cash. There is a bunch of complex economic mechanisms involved, but the end result of less cash hoarding is a better economy. 
Inflation is not an issue whatsoever, "unexpected" and/or "high" levels of inflation is. 
@_date: 2014-06-23 23:46:39


No shit its not in every single case. 
Look at those p/e ratios and you will see that they are mostly *consistent*. The change in stock price is due to profit estimate, and thats the crux of what we are talking about. This is especially true for the major video game/ video game console production companies. They are not google in 2000, they are close to being blue chip. 
the fact that p/e varies across industries/companies is irrelevant for the purposes of this discussion. Pointing out growth companies exist isn't impressing anyone. 
@_date: 2014-07-31 19:11:52
"it's overvalued because successful companies are too rich not to be making bad business decisions"
impeccable logic.  
@_date: 2014-06-30 15:55:00


no i'm not. If bitcoin fucks up and altcoins take over, you still lose every dollar you invested in bitcoin. 
Hell, my words doesn't even mean that the properties of bitcoins and altcoins as a group are "great". The are unique. Unique /= great. 


so? does that mean you get royalties as a owner of bitcoin? 
@_date: 2014-06-27 04:11:37


not a realistic option when there are huge economies of scale and scope involved. Either everyone does it, or it becomes uneconomical for everyone. 
and as people have stated, merchants cannot reap the benefits of bitcoin's anti-charge back protection if they are also offering sales through CCs. You're just making things worse (assuming the bitcoin option is discounted) if you offer both at the same time. 
@_date: 2014-05-21 17:01:50


it would if they have more than 2 developers on staff, which they do. This was pointed out in the first post of this comment chain. Were you blind or just intentionally obtuse? 
@_date: 2014-04-03 18:35:36


IF unicorns exist, their horns can cure cancer. I guess that means cancer is now curable.  
Again: Why are you presuming this? What the fuck made you think the overall productivity per year of aggregate debtors is 1/1000s of their collective debt? 


I don't think you fully understand the difference between WEALTH and CURRENCY. We're talking fiat money/money supply, not wealth (which includes assets) 
@_date: 2014-03-10 18:58:35


no its not. there is a specific definition of "another geographic location" with regards to those laws. They just don't repeat that every single sentence. That would be stupid. 
@_date: 2014-03-28 20:00:32


It cost money to implement. so yes, it would hurt.
@_date: 2014-08-20 02:46:12
and how the fuck are you going to buy chinese gdp with "something else"? chinese companies accept yuan, because they pay for taxes/workers//capital expenditures in yuan. Because china functions based on yuan. 
*yuan is the legal tender in china.* It matters.  
if your something else is the gdp of another country, then demand for and value of chinese gdp lowers, resulting in yuan depreciation. This happens till market adjust to the change and start buying chinese gdp with chinese yuan again. 
@_date: 2014-04-05 15:43:03


Then its retarded.
Again: Interest does not require you repay them every single second of every single minute or every single hour of every single day.
If my CPU can "store" heat buildup and allow me to remove it in one session for every period, then i don't need a continuous water flow. 
Interest build up and repayment-using-labor-build-up happens at the same time. They the just don't need to be accounted for every single second. That means velocity of money doesn't need to scale based on the size of the loan/economy like velocity of water flow needs for head dissipation. 


this conceptual problem has nothing whatsoever to do with economic growth. 
nothing you said makes any sense to a guy that understands economics. Most of your points are not just wrong, they literally incomprehensible because the assumptions used to make them are ridiculous or non-sequitur in nature.
@_date: 2014-05-25 00:51:08


because certain transactions are not transfer of value. The simplest example would be me moving $ from cold to hot. 
This is even disregarding the "intent" aspect. It makes no sense to compare people buying bitcoin as an speculative asset and people using paypal as a value transfer mechanism for commerce. 
@_date: 2014-08-18 15:55:57


TIL you don't own the money you use through online payments. 


you're confusing online payment with CCs
@_date: 2014-08-26 03:24:51
Author has no idea what a corporation is or represents. Neither does he understand what "meta" means in english.
Then we get to this part:  


This has got to be the most hilarious bullshit i've seen on for good long while, and thats saying something. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 18:39:05


Really? so if you are giving your money to the bank then a failure of the bank is not an indication that fiat is having problems. Its the bank having problem.


Cash is literally the exact equivalent of keeping your bitcoin in a private wallet and holding on to the keys. 
*Buy a box, put cash in, lock it up, keep the key.* 
Whao!!! Did I blow your mind??!!
@_date: 2014-05-09 18:08:08


there is a difference between "no fraud" and "not being able to identify fraud to begin with". 
this is like credit card companies deciding to remove any and all protection measures + any records users need to  justify a claim of fraud, then saying they have eliminated fraud because they stopped hearing about it. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 19:24:34


No you idiot, i'm talking about the future of bitcoin based on what the original OP assumes it will turn into. His point is that if X happens, Y will happen. My point is that if X happens, Y will not necessarily happen. Of course we're going to assume X. Get with the program.
you can't have his prediction turn true AND for the ratio of usage:hold to remain at 1:9. His own article states as much.


No shit. And a few houses are also being lived in pre 2007. the point is that block chain analysis suggest less than 10% are being used for it, and that percentage has show no sign of increase for the past 1+ years. In fact, its decreasing. 
That ratio is usage:hold is a liquidity multiplier. Shift the ratio to 5:5 instead of 1:9 and you automatically increase effective liquidity by 5x at any given price. Add a 100% market cap increase and you get 10x effective liquidity compared to bitcoin now. 


which is why its fucking retarded of you to even assume thats what i'm talking about. It has nothing to do with what i'm talking about. Those conditions are entirely irrelevant. 
If i need to send a given volume and I know a single exchange can't provide the required liquidity, then I would just use multiple exchanges. That allows me to tap into the aggregate market cap of all those exchanges. This is "not being a dumbass" 101. you should learn it.
Next time, if you can't understand what is being said, assume you're ignorant instead of the other guy being wrong. Judging from your posts, that has a far greater chance of being the case.
@_date: 2014-08-12 22:18:43
And this is WRONG. People in aggregate don't care about these issues. They don't "wear tinfoil". As far as they are concerned, those factors are irrelevant and add no value. 
All they care about is that it's a cheaper system. That's where value comes for them. If they don't believe the end is nigh, then those factors are worthless as far as value add is concerned. Big merchants seeking to allow bitcoin payments are not doing so because they think usd is in the dumps or will be in the dumps. The vast majority don't even want to hold bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-05-21 16:53:00
What exactly is your point here? Because there are terms with no clear definitions, all terms have no clear definitions? Or is it because there are terms with no clear definitions, this term should also have no clear definitions?
@_date: 2014-05-27 18:35:03


IF you keep betting for an eternity, then you will go broke, but you will go broke 99.9999% of the time far far far before eternity. That time is very reasonable. 
Stop focusing on the eternity part, its misleading and hardly the point. 
It also has nothing whatsoever to do with doubling the previous bet. Thats a whole different issue.  
@_date: 2014-04-16 17:45:13


economically, it makes perfect sense. If you actually know wtf you're talking about, it wont seem stupid at all. This is like someone who doesn't understand physics thinking e=mc^2 or relativity is stupid and nonsensical. 
Again, the reason its not done is because its not practical and not worth the effort. 
**an argument can also be made that bitcoin mining is an economic transaction between you and the blockchain**. Instead of a transaction between you and yourself for the treehouse and car (You're selling your time to yourself for a car/treehouse as the reward/income). That makes all the difference from a tax law based perspective. 
governments sometimes make the choice not to tax transactions between an individual and themselves. not because of any economic reasoning, but because of politics (because idiots like you who don't even understand what taxation is supposed to be votes) and practicality.  
@_date: 2014-05-27 18:20:42


No it does not. Because the wealth of both players at any single period in time is different. 


If you can control max bet size, then you, for all intends and purposes, statistically have "infinite wealth"
@_date: 2014-12-02 22:51:10


yeah, because no one knows what healthy food and unhealthy food are. 


I can know the expected rate of return on investment. See my last point.


Seeing as nothing I've said requires expected rate of return to be identical, your point is moot. 
People can have different expectations and act differently based on thsoe expectations, it doesn't matter. **The fact that their expectations are not identical does not in any way change what the optimal behaviour for any given expectation should be.** 
In fact, if an individual investor knows that he can be wrong (aka expected rates of return are never identical between investors) makes diversification more important, not less. It's a hedge against wrong expectations and variance. **Diversification has no value in a world where future expectations are always true.** 
At the end of the day, you're still too stupid to understand the discussion. The discisson is about how an individual should behave for any given expectation they have, not on the accuracy of their expectation. 


It is obvious, and yet you can't comprehend such a simple concept or how it should affect behaviour. You're literally so dumb you don't even know how dumb you are. 
Also, the right phrase is "assuming equal risk, choose the portfolio with the highest return." 
@_date: 2014-05-25 20:24:11


in which case the author did a shitty job, seeing as how he just injected unsubstantiated assumptions to create a narrative he wants.


for example, where the fuck is he getting this from? 
This has nothing to do with a lack of mumbo jumbo and everything to do with juvenile level of analysis, technical or otherwise. 
@_date: 2014-04-11 18:00:56


Yes, and if you understand banking you'd see a lot of those uses are limited. 


Except thats bullshit. To implement this on a large scale, you would need AML systems in place, you would need consumer protection, you would need some sort of reversibility mechanism (guess what, your average consumer is not going to use a system that has no leeway when it comes to simple human error). All of this adds costs. 
Do you seriously think that the only thing your current bank does when you transfer money is to change 2 numbers on a database? Come on. 
Another way to illustrate my point: I can simulate that exact money transfer mechanism using a gold exchange. Instead of bitcoin, we'll just use gold futures (Which has far less volatility and far more liquidity). Its the exact same thing, except with another asset thats an even better "money equivalent". *There is a reason why its not being done.* 


Sure it can, thats why its viewed as an asset by the IRS. No one is against this (though how risky of an asset is debatable). The criticism is that its a risky asset, not a currency. Yet people are claiming it has a good chance of becoming the latter. To function as a currency is to fulfill specific requirements that it, by design, either cannot or is find extremely difficult to. 
"It has value and can be used, currently, to trade for goods" is nowhere good enough. Most of this subreddit can't seem to understand this concept. 


Really? No one is pointing out how absurd this paragraph is? 
It can be an "appreciating safe store of value like gold" with a "20% annual volatility"? Its not a big deal on micro payments? ok...but aren't I using it for a "safe store of value"?


And frankly, you have none. 
People on this sub act like people who criticize bitcoin are luddits or armish. Thats idiotic. You don't need to know anything about the tech side of bitcoin make a judgement. The issue is 95% economics/finance/banking (what will happen if you use a deflationary currency estimated to do so at X% for an economy, when monetary policies cannot used/What are the costs incurred when you try to implement AML/customer protection measures to a institutionalized system of money transfer using instantaneous buy/selling of assets, etc etc etc). Most people here don't have anywhere close to a clue about those things as they think they do. 
The guys making the criticisms pretty much all just assume that the product itself is exactly as advertised, then point out why being exactly as advertised is bad for bitcoins from a finance/economics point of view. Warren Buffet doesn't need to understand computers or cryptography to make his judgement, he just need to understand what a currency needs to be and how a currency needs to function, then point out that since bitcoin is lacking in a whole bunch of those aspects, it's for all intends and purposes an asset (one with no innate value). 
@_date: 2014-06-12 14:25:49


How is this an argument? Not doing so would also cause certain people to profit at the expense of others. Just different sets of people. 
@_date: 2014-06-23 22:06:33


actually, video game economy isn't striving. Just compared the stock price of major players vs the market at large. Nintendo, sony and xbox division are all doing badly. 
Its doesn't even matter whether its going well or not, the point is that deflation causes them not to do as well as they would otherwise be. 
No one is claiming deflation = death spiral just like no one is claiming deflation will cause you to wait 15 years to buy something, stop making up strawman bullshit. The claim is that deflation is merely worse than the alternative. Better &gt; good. Taking it to absurd extremes proves nothing. The basis of the argument is not based on that sort of extreme assumptions.  
@_date: 2014-05-07 17:59:02


this statement is correct, so would your point if this was actually what "intrinsic value" means. It is not. 


That correct. Which makes it all the more stupid that you somehow think thats how "intrinsic **value**" works/is supposed to work.


I don't even know how anyone's brain can product that train of logic. 
@_date: 2014-07-25 12:01:13


Again, WHERE THE FUCK did they claim that? You're the only idiot thinking that was the case when it clearly was not. You think repeating this again and again makes it true? 
Those comments are no more private than every other piece of paperwork you filled up and submit at a financial institution. It's the equivalent of writing down "from drug sale  on the memo line of a cheque, or the reasons/misc/memo section of a wire transfer form.  
@_date: 2014-04-16 17:06:40
Its still the premier prize and recognization for that entire field. 
Take away the prize and what are you left with? Acadamic with multiple papers published on the most renowned journals? A professor at the premier US university? A dude with a econs PhD? Are those not enough? 
Again, he is one of many voices thats against bitcoin. Saying bitcoin=currency/money is "Unqualified, pure and simple" is not just idiotic, but unqualified idiocy, pure and simple.
@_date: 2014-12-16 17:56:18
Yeah, because the existence of mandatory expenditures totally proves that discretionary spending does not exist. 
Stop being stupid. This is not some sort of economic theory based on conjecture . It's an observable (and observed multiple times for different periods in history) fact. People put off or cut back on discretionary consumption when they expect price deflation. Because money has become an investment providing higher returns. It's the same reason why lots of people are holding bitcoin without using them or ever planning on doing so, because they expect future increase in bitcoin value to result in price deflation . 
@_date: 2014-08-24 16:55:57


we have this, they are called lending institutions, aka banks. 
@_date: 2014-04-11 22:42:50


Simple as that. Fragmentation and decentralization does not automatically mean cheaper/slower.


So what? 


And yet, surprisingly, this not a concern to 99% of their customers. 
this whole "oh noes the gov is gonna shut down stuff because gov is evillllll!!" thing is retarded. 
The whole single point of failure argument is a crapsack to begin with. Having an entity *accountable* for the system doesn't make it more vulnerable. It doesn't work that way.
You know what fragmentation could mean? It could mean multiple smaller MTGOX. It means points of failure happening again and again. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 17:23:11


seeing as in this case, the "boxcar" has no physical form/value and the "shuffling of value" action can be accomplished using multiple other methods...
Yes, you can argue that the boxcar has (nearly) zero intrinsic value. 
bitcoins' advantages as superior a medium of exchange (relative to current alternatives a competition that has not made adjustments to negate those advantages yet) under certain limited instances DOES have value, but its nowhere near enough to justify its price. 
as it is, the difference between nearly zero intrinsic value and zero is pretty much irrelevant. 
@_date: 2014-07-30 16:15:29


Not really. The returns are kinda meh relative to the size of Tarp, especially given the risk profile of the "investment".
It just wasn't a total wash like anti-gov people prefer to assume. 
@_date: 2014-05-27 18:22:03
yes, because they set the max hand size. so they artificially create a condition where they have unlimited wealth, while you don't. 
READ what other people have written. This has already been written here. 
@_date: 2014-12-17 21:33:52
still bad. Volatility is the key measurement here. 
@_date: 2014-08-19 21:14:41
chinese producers produce goods. those goods are part of their GDP. You pay for those goods in yuan. Same applies for all labor and services china produces, all are financed/paid for by yuan. 
aka, Yuan "buys" china's gdp. 
holding yuan means you can, in some time period from now, gain part of china's gdp. In very inaccurate terms, you have a claim over their gdp similar to how an apple stock holder have a claim over apple profits/assets. 
No yuan, no chinese gdp for you. 
@_date: 2014-10-03 20:05:11


You highlighted absolutely nothing. You didn't "not account" for velocity, you just arbitrarily set the most important confounding variable between price and size of economy serviced to 1, which is a number we pretty much know for certain is going to be wrong. 
Not accounting for velocity is saying bigger market cap -&gt; bigger economy serviced (and nothing else), it's not plugging in an estimate we know to be wrong to get a unrealistic dependent variable from the independent variable you're using. This is just stupid. 
The only thing I'm seeing is you drastically inflating the estimated price of bitcoin by plugging in a 1:1 ratio for velocity. That or drastically underestimating the size of the economy that can be serviced for any given market cap of bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-11-25 15:24:52


What the fuck are you talking about? Japan was in a deflationary spiral for a decade. We call it the lost decade. 
@_date: 2014-05-24 00:51:41


on what basis are you putting his comment up on a pedestal?
Using your logic, should we start making posts about every single tweet thats pro bitcoin now? After all, we can't dismiss anyone. How do you know what knowledge anyone saying anything on tweeter posses?
the burden is on you to justify that his comment matters relative to everyone else's opinion. 
As far as I'm concerned, the most you can say is that his opinions are as good any other individual thats well educated and reasonably capable. There are tons of people out there who are equivalent and many who are better.
Just admit it, you made a big deal out of this because you didn't know what the Mint does and assumed his work involves economics and setting/implementing monetary policies.  
@_date: 2014-09-26 05:37:07
The point is that it's NOT. I did the exact same thing without bit coins, using just PayPal. The whole premise of your article has just been proven false. There is nothing *necessary* about bit coin if PayPal can achieve the same end result, through the method I though up in less than 5 seconds. 
@_date: 2014-08-14 21:24:03


no, the movements would be orders of magnitude less. Unless you believe converting 1% of eur to usd will result in eur's price being 1/50th of what it was before the sale.
not to mention it's far more difficult to sell/buy 1% of eur than 1% of bitcoins. 
 
@_date: 2014-05-22 22:28:46


or alternatively, if he can't make sound judgements on evolution based on reading books and papers, why are you assuming he can do so for bitcoin and economics? 
Because his view on bitcoins coincide with yours and you believe yourself to be right? 


1) not knowing about something and believing the wrong thing are entirely different concepts. He didn't say he doesn't understand the debate between evolution &amp; ID, he said evolution is wrong. 
If you're a web designer and don't understand cars, you won't be going around making claims about car engines.
2) he is a politician, its his job to learn about evolution so that he can make sound decisions when voting for education related topics. You have no obligation as a web designer to understand cars, he does for evolution.
@_date: 2014-08-17 16:31:00


"I'm using a assumption that is obviously wrong for this model" is not a justification for your assertions. 


this is pretty much outright impossible using your own assumptions that bitcoin had become a transfer tool for money. And even if consumer behavior actually do remain the same, the difference in systems between bitcoin/traditional banking changes velocity. 
For velocity to be the same, consumer behaviour not only has to change, but change just the right amount to compensate for the systemic differences in traditional banking and "bitcoin banking" that affects velocity. 


I can't. I doubt anyone can right now. So what? 
Does this make your model any more valid? No. 
Does it mean your model is useful? No. 
does it mean your model has predictive value? No.
I can't make an alternative model thats more accurate, but I can say for certain, backed up by fundamental economic concepts, that your model is wrong. 
I gotta say, I can't believe someone with a science background is making this sort of arguments in the first place.
@_date: 2014-05-27 17:47:50


No, the blockchain is processing this level of *database transactions*. Its not processing this level of *financial transactions*, which is what we're talking about since those posts are always comparing it (or implying a comparison) to stuff like paypal (which is a measure of financial transaction). 
Just because both are called transaction doesn't mean they are the same thing or comparable. 
 
@_date: 2014-05-26 13:07:57


If something goes up 30%+ in 5 days with no clear cause, its not a "rally". Its a big huge warning sign for anyone that understands even the basics of investments they are playing with fire. If you can gain 30% in 5 days for no discernible reason, the opposite can happen for no discernible reason.
@_date: 2014-03-13 13:56:33


BECAUSE THE GOVERNMENT COLLAPSED. 
No shit the law stopped mattering in a failed state where governmental infrastructure collapsed. Would bitcoins work in an anarchy with no infrastructure working? 
In reality, even with Zimbabwe being the way it became, its currency still purchases domestic goods/services.


It absolutely fucking did. Inflation represents a loss of value, but the law guarantees a minimum level, especially when its used to buy domestic productions of services &amp; goods. That protection does not exist for bitcoin.
Hell, for all intends and purposes, whenever bitcoins fall in price relative to other currencies, the impact is the exact same as inflation.   
@_date: 2014-05-22 13:19:32


Again, you're wrong. You get a prenup to give away a predetermined amount, nothing more, nothing less. The only thing a prenup can't be is punitive.
@_date: 2014-05-21 16:23:13
even if they don't have coins from silk road, how is them purchasing bitcoins conceptually any different from them purchasing any other country's currency?


No, they would just use "their infinite pile of USD" to pay for those bitcoins and the fees involved in the purchase. At the end of the day, the cost to them would still be the same amount of USD from the same pile of infinite USDs.
disregarding how stupid that statement is to begin with from a factual standpoint, its doesn't even make the point you want it to make. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 17:48:53
you guys understand that Director of US Mint is an administrative position right? 
His role at the mint has nothing to do with actual finance/economics/policy. He just makes sure the organization runs well. He isn't a economist or any sort of expert in economic/finance. 


He is just a good administrator (I assume) that has worked in different sectors of the gov. Not sure why him being pro bitcoin is worthwhile news. 
@_date: 2014-04-17 18:07:26
really? you don't use any gov services whatsoever? you don't enjoy the benefits of a (relatively) functioning market upheld by laws? you don't enjoy the benefits of national defense? Or public education? Or law and order? Or the thousands of other things I can list for hours on end? 
Unless you live in the mountains, by yourself, since you were born. YOU OWE THEM.
How much you owe them might be up for debate, but the whole "we don't owe them anything" sentiment is fucking idiotic. 
@_date: 2014-08-12 16:57:56
people here cannot understand there exist a difference between laws they themselves make up/want to make up/think should apply to them and laws created by government institutions through a democratic process. 
You're wasting your time.  
@_date: 2014-05-13 19:58:06
no its not, but at least i know what Statism  is and don't throw it around like a retard when its usage is obviously wrong. 
Its called "not showing off on being an ignorant fucktard"
@_date: 2014-05-25 22:06:43
yes, because its totally reasonable to compare purchase tracking to slavery. 
@_date: 2014-07-31 17:20:14
yes we are. I'm explaining why they dont do autobuyback. If they are going to spend it, they wont buy it back, it makes no sense to add an extra step/cost for no reason or utility gain. 
If they did spend it, they wont buy it back again, or they won't have spent it in the first place. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 18:23:52


the fuck?
Of course it is. 
**History illustrates, without ANY possible leeway for debate, that fractional reserve banking is not a product of regulatory action.** It had existed for literally 1000s of years, and there is nothing to show it won't exist for 1000s more, with or without regulation.


Hence regulation. Because stopping it is impossible (unless you want MORE regulation). Its a product of the competitive free market. 
To remove it entirely, you literally have to regulate the fuck out of financial institutions and force them, by law, not to do it.
choice 1: don't regulate, massive bank collapses woot!!. exhibit 1: great depression 
choice 2: remove it. Only way to do so is by regulation. insane, totalitarian levels of regulation.
choice 3: limit its negative impact through regulation, still a problem, but less dangerous
choice 4: pray fractional reserve banking magically goes away because *something something something something*, in spite of the overwhelming, historical and empirical proof that its a natural product of free market.
Again: The ignorance at play here...
@_date: 2014-05-07 16:43:44


no they don't. They just need to believe that their *assets* have intrinsic value, as is proper. When people want X (fiat or assets) to have value, its not because they are being exchanged, its because they are used as a storage of value. 
@_date: 2014-07-10 17:15:32


people went into bitcoin, so the blockchain grew and miners started mining cause its profitable with increasing demand *from users*. How does this contradict my words? 
you think the size of the blockchain attracted users? you think users decide between crytocoins based no on their properties and usage, but on blockchain size? 
For a multitude of reasons. Reasons that will require an in depth class to explain. Few, if any, of which is relevant to what we are discussing. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 05:19:09
my argument has nothing whatsoever to do with your stupid straw man argument. the trend holding from the beginning to now doesn't mean the chart will be 100% correct, or 50% correct, or -500% correct. It means *nothing*
I can make a plot of a calf's growth vs time for its first year and plot a near perfect exponential graph too, doesn't make future predictions based on it accurate. Hell, there are literally thousands of investment assets with an exponential curve for an X time period, before crashing or flatting out. All those are historical examples illustrating why your logic is retarded. 
@_date: 2014-03-14 21:05:01


no, i'm saying items have an independent value NOT based on what people think its worth. The value of a stock is its future claim on asset and profits, no matter what people are willing to pay for it. Thats intrinsic. Same with a car. Its does "labor", which has economic value. That value is independent of what anyone pays for the car. All those are intrinsic value. Its what the term means.   


if you don't understand what words mean, stop trying to debate this issue. You don't get to make up what definitions for words up out of your ass, or to reject actual definitions for actual terms.
on a side note, wtf do you even think intrinsic value is?  
@_date: 2014-03-13 13:44:29


why are people still saying this bullshit?
Fiat has value because the law dictates that it has value. You cannot turn away payments using USD in the US, or GBP in UK, or &lt;insert currency for country X&gt; in country X. Thats the law. That guarantees value. Its not a perfect guarantee, but its a guarantee nevertheless. 
bitcoin has no such guarantees. 2 years from now, every one could refuse to accept it and it would have zero value. That could, legally, never happen for fiat backed by governments.   
@_date: 2014-08-08 22:56:40


No, the purchasing power of bitcoin is what ends up being worth less. It doesn't matter if that purchasing power is denoted in dollars or loafs of bread. 
@_date: 2014-08-17 20:52:03


not selling minded bitcoin is just buying them for yourself. It makes no difference to the market.


the "price to mine to you" is not the "price to mine"
I can make an iphone for myself for $10000, Since I can get it for much cheaper by buying, I buy it. Doesn't mean I have an influence on the price of iphones. 
You not being able to mine is just you not being competitive. Just like me in the iphone example. 
@_date: 2014-03-15 15:25:23


no, its not. Thats just for you. google tailors search results. 
also **warren isn't talking about the philo definition**
Is this difficult to understand? We're on r/bitcoin, talking about a term used by an investor during his economic/financial analysis of bitcoins. What the fuck do you think he was referring to. 
At this point, you're being intentionally obtuse. 
@_date: 2014-03-16 15:42:16


You have no clue wtf you're talking about
**Currencies need to be unique and unable to be impossible to reproduce by anyone other than its issuing entity.** In essence, while you need multiple other criteria, any currency would need a form of notarization. Bitcoin use math algorithms, US dollars use multiple anti counterfeit designs on their banknotes. 
Ergo, currencies **always** requires notarization systems. But a good notarization system doesn't make a currency. Saying the 2 can't be separated as you did was idiotic. 
I don't even know what your rebuttal is even supposed to prove. Were you're assertion that "currency and a notarization system are completely separate concepts" be true, you've still managed to blow your own initial statement of how "you will have is still the same technology, which is a decentralized notarization system" and "a concept which by itself necessarily allows creation of decentralized currency"out of the water. 
You don't get to claim decentralized notarization system necessarily allows creation of decentralized currency AND that currency and a notarization system are completely separate concepts. 
@_date: 2014-05-10 05:37:29


except no one is charging him with a crime, and the bank didn't close his account. Just asking for him to contact them and explain wtf is going on.
@_date: 2014-10-05 01:52:10


none of these justifications make your table any less stupid, useful or true. This is like saying "we don't have the information to know anything, so just throwing out junk numbers we know to be wrong is fine."
You illustrated jack shit and provided zero useful information. When you know you don't have the capability to make good predictions, you **don't** make them. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 17:25:11
you do understand that your statement *supports* what i said right?
what do you think "day trading site" means?
@_date: 2014-06-03 18:33:01
He is not talking about inflation, he is talking about volatility. 
Even with regards to inflation inflation, its only in the range of 1-3% for most developed countries. Most people are fine with losing 1-3% a year on their held cash equivalent.
The point of holding cash is so that you can use it whenever you need to, high volatility makes that unfeasible. If I need to use my cash right now, its probably for a purposes that can't wait till 6 mth down the road when purchasing power has recovered.
@_date: 2014-06-30 16:02:43


No I'm not. I'm recognizing the fact that evolution of the software is not instantaneous. Which allows for the leeway to exist for it to crash before it could adapt. 
Literally every product can evolve if needed. Bitcoin is not special in that respect. It just has more leeway in terms of speed and magnitude. 
Not to mention there are issues that CANNOT be changed. Deflation and reversibility of transfers for example are built into the system. The latter is a big issue for a transaction mechanism for most consumers. 


every single one of my point is a direct reply to yours. 


Its like you're pro bitcoin for some reason. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 16:00:44


Are you serious?
Do you understand what liquidity IS?
Increased liquidity happens when the ratio of money supply to **price** changes. Price is sticky in short term, hence the ability to adjust liquidity (if its not, then only inflation happens).
Division of a currency into smaller units of account results in a price change at the same time. Because of that, there is NO liquidity change. If you change 1 bTC into 1000 subunits, then all prices denoted in bTC will instantly change into a value denoted by the sub units. A 1 BTC good will not change into 1 mBTC in price after the division. 
Adding X% to the money supply will result in a ratio change in the short term between money:price from 1:1 into 1+X:1
changing the unit of account does nothing. Every dollar is now 2 dollar. money supply doubles, so does all prices. Ratio is 2:2 --&gt; 1:1. Liquidity is the same.


this is like saying bitcoin is flawed because quantum computing might be possible. 


Of course gold can allow for near instantaneous transfer of ownership. What did you think the gold standard was? You don't need for physical gold to be moved, you just need the proof of ownership of gold (aka, gold backed currency) to do so. 
the centralized third party point is true. But most people (including me) who don't wear tinfoil hats don't care, nor do we think there is a need to care. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 16:56:58


which the company has neither shown proof, not even stated, they are doing. they would have done the exact same if the assets are not bitcoin but volatile penny stocks.


this insinuation is just stupid. 


This is exactly the case. It applies to all such investment ventures. By law, they are only allowed to solicitate sophisticated/accredited investors due to the high risks involved. The method of payment isn't the issue. they are not allowed to take any funds or assets from individuals unless they can ascertain those individual met the requirements. 
the author is an idiot who has no clue about the topic at hand. 
@_date: 2014-05-14 22:57:53
Bitcoin had always been viable as a payment system, the issue is that to make that viability concrete, you need to spend non-insignificant amount of resources to build up infrastructure. 
Paypal is an authorized financial institution, by law, they are constrained by what they can and cannot do. Allowing for the sort of anonymous transactions that bitcoin facilitates is simply never going to happen due to regulatory concerns. As such, any move towards bitcoin will require them to set up systems that deals with that issue, not to mention have the issue sorted out regulatory-wise to begin with. Exchanges can do whatever they want, paypal can't. 
As far as they are concerned, there is no reason right now to be the vanguard and take the risk. If their competitors manages to find a solution to the various regulatory issues, they can (comparatively easily) add it to their offerings and maintain their position as market leader. There is zero to no first mover advantage. Especially since the "alternate currency"/"investment asset" aspect is interfering with the "payment system" aspect of bitcoin. Paypal has no interest in the former 2 (justifiably so) and their influence could easily distort bitcoin's capability and usability as a payment system.
@_date: 2014-10-03 17:02:07


Market cap is not size of economy served. 
@_date: 2014-08-12 16:40:40
In related news. Person exploits Mt.Gox glitch to create 650k bitcoins. 
this title is just stupid. 
@_date: 2014-05-09 18:30:50


this is the reason why, from a purely strategic point of view, it makes no sense to invest in both bitcoin after investing in a bitcoin company.
If you believe in bitcoin, then you can certainly invest in both, but the decision would be based on your valuation of bitcoin and not strategic in nature.
It may be strategic to invest in bitpay if you're already holding bitcoin. Its essentially diversifying into a less risky asset thats affected by the same market forced, which is value. that diversification/reduction of risk for your follow up investment, would be strategic. 
Also, and this might be far more important: bitpay's vlaue is, in a sense, independent of bitcoin prices the same way credit card companies' value are independent of fiat. bitpay's vlaue is based on usage of the coin, not value of the coin. With the amount of people buying and holding bitcoin purely as an investment asset, its perfectly possible for the coin's value to drop but usage to increase in future. Bitpay would benefit, instead of lose, from such a change. 
@_date: 2014-04-11 23:32:52


No. 
A broker in japan sells to a broker in NY. 


again, they are NOT one of the few. Multiple other countries have AMLs that are as strict, if not stricter, than the US, long before US implemented their current version. 
At this point this isn't even an argument anymore, i'm just pointing out factual inaccuracies. 


for now, for small amounts. You are NOT going to get to retain that amount of anonymity once bitcoin becomes widespread and becomes viable for AML activities. Right now, that ATM's vendor is not considered a financial institution. They will be if bitcoin grows to a certain point and they expand their activities. 
In fact, canadian financial regulatory entities are FAR less lenient than their US counterparts. the various groups just don't see it as big enough of a deal yet because usage is still low. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 02:37:40
translation: I can't understand whats going on, but i refuse to shut up and needs to get the last word in a futile and misguided attempt to salvage some dignity. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 20:16:54


no its not. 


you literally just described what a market is. 
How markets view a product (aka, how favorable an item is held by the market, knowledge of a product) is a market condition, not an everlasting product property. It changes.
Just look at myspace. Its the perfect example illustrating my point. 


Really? So the network for traditional banking services, paypal etc can only grow? Hypothetically, there is no chance of consumers/merchants switching away from paypal/CC to an alt service (say....bitcoin), resulting in paypal/CC's market eventual share shrinkage? Or is bitcoin somehow magic and play by different rules?
Should we proceed on into how big the current network effect of fiat currency is and what it means for bitcoin if network effect can only grow?
The stupid in that statement is just mind boggling. 
@_date: 2014-08-18 02:48:07
1) Herny Hazlitt's "correct commentary" is hardly the view held by general consensus. 
2) if the identity holds, it's useful for measuring the value of money. Arguments on whether the egg or chicken comes first doesn't change the fact that *the equation still holds*. Which still makes OP's entirely model worthless. 
3) 


we're not measuring the value of all money, we're measuring the value of a specific currency thats part of all money
4) His approach focus on money as a storage medium, the velocity concept focus on money as facilitator of transaction. OP's assumptions were based on bitcoin as a facilitator of transactions. that why we're talking aggregate transaction volume, not aggregate transaction volume +  usage as storage medium of value. 
5) Bitcoin isn't fiat. So long as the government functions, fiat is backed up by the GDP of the country, since it's legal tender used to purchase it's goods (you want to buy chinese products? Your payment in yuan cannot be legally rejected). Bitcoin has nothing backing up it's value, eliminating investor's speculative expectations, it's entirely value is propped up on it's use to facilitate transactions. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 15:49:56


past performance is no guarantee of future results.
there you go. 


people's argument is that adoption as peaked/will peak as the hype dies down. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 16:51:10


then you would be 99% wrong. 
@_date: 2014-10-02 12:08:36
This is like claiming F=ma is "torn to shreds" because Newton didn't understand friction. This sub is a cesspool if ignorance mixed with misguided feelings of manifest destiny.  
@_date: 2014-04-16 15:10:43
they dont have to know, they can make the burden of proof be on you. they can assume its 1all income unless you prove otherwise. 
@_date: 2014-06-15 14:18:27


the long run does not exist when short run liquidity issues crushed your company. Which is entirely possible given the 9.5 days timeframe for each period. 
also, how is 1% not an issue? Whats sort of margins do you think the miners have? Even at 20% margin, 1% is 5% of the profit. AT 10% margins, 1% is 10% of the profit. Telling people to just throw that away for no good reason is insane. 
Remember, the actions of an individual miner has no impact whatsoever on pool size. The choice is not between reducing pool size (and thus maintaining BTC price) against mining returns. Each individual miner has no influence whatsoever on the former. They only get to choose whether to incur the losses. 
@_date: 2014-06-27 02:08:37


Where exactly would the cost savings possibly come from?


how does this fact in any way benefit merchants? 
Scammers will still scam through consumer protection, non-scammers won't and will pay less. The only logical result is decreased overall profits. There is zero scam elimination. 
Unless you eliminate CC entirely, this is never going to reduce scamming activity. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 02:10:46
you example is idiotic. 
stock price is dependent on the value of the underlying company. Its based on their income/profit. How many people choose to buy stock in a company has zero impact whatsoever on that. Those people who bought stock in apple in the 80s made huge gains because apple started making crapton of profits later on. 
bitcoin's value is dependent pretty much solely on its usage/adoption numbers. For a significant (maybe even a majority) portion of bitcoin investors, the end goal for increasing adoption rate is see a gain in price for the bitcoins they already hold, that is exactly what a pyramid scheme is. 
@_date: 2014-03-28 00:21:53


no they won't. This would be treated just like any other cases where gains from assets are evaded. There is no difference whatsoever. 
@_date: 2014-06-17 18:42:19
currency of the future indeed. Nothing says confidence like a currency maintained through DDoS and withholding attacks. 
@_date: 2014-05-10 13:58:24
oh wow, another idiot on this sub who doesn't understand what statist means.
@_date: 2014-08-19 22:10:45


because the intrinsic economic variables it's being pegged to changes from day to day. 
If the economic variables for china and the usa, of which yuan and usd are "pegged" to changes, of course their exchange rate would change. The 2 economies don't move together 1:1. 
It's a floating asset because the things that it's price is pegged to is not a market commodity. Stock price are "pegged" to company financials.It float relative to other company's stocks. Is this difficult to grasp?  
Never once did i say or remotely imply that currencies are pegged to each other. 


thats my 1st sentence. 
either learn to read or relearn basic economics, whichever is applicable for you. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 20:32:19


I know. Where the fuck did i make a distinction between the 2? 


HENCE MY POINT.
@_date: 2014-06-02 04:32:36


No, people think its a bubble because bitcoin isnot being used. If its value come from its ability to facilitate trade, then you need to have people using it to justify its market cap. 
Only a tiny fraction of bitcoin are actually being used. There is a very good chance rest are being held for speculation. This is just like pre 2007, when people are buying houses in hopes of price increases. No one is using those houses bought. Thats a clear sign of a speculative bubble.
You whole point is based on "IF bitcoin is successfully adopted, it will need to have a bigger market cap, hence it is undervalued". You never jsutified WHY it would be successful. The point is that detractors don't think it would be successful in replacing current payment systems. 
This is like saying "If my company replaces google, it needs to be and will be huge. Hence its current price is undervalued."
@_date: 2014-05-13 17:11:35
taxation is shit to do with currency. You're taxed on foreign currency and assets just as you would on domestic. Thats some stupid straw man you've got there.
You pay tax because you're been reaping and is currently still reaping the benefits of living in a society. You can stop paying taxes anytime you want when you start living as a hermit in the mountains somewhere. If you stop utilizing any of the benefits of being part of society, you can wipe yourself off government records entirely and stop paying taxes. but guess what, if you want to drive on public roads build by society, or if you want to make use of businesses that exist, in part, by virtue of public infrastructures like roads, or laws, or protection from thieft, then you pay your taxes.
@_date: 2014-04-25 03:13:23


where do you think the fiat magically goes to after you exchanged it away? You think it disappears from existence? 
someone else (in this case, the entity you exchanged it to) is still holding it. Nothing changes. "holding period" is the same unless you're exchanging with the central bank. why would the currency care who is holding it so long as its held? Does it matter if its under an account for Mr.X instead of Mr.Y?


No you're not. Unlike bitcoin, fiat has innate value in the form of being "legal tender", which means businesses and citizens in a country are obliged by law to accept it. No matter how little you (or any group of whatever size) use it, it will always still be usable because merchants are forced to accept it. Your actions only matter if you're previously using USD for payment outside of the US, or GBP for payment outside of GB. If that were the case, maybe you should first be asking your employer why he is paying you in a foreign currency.
Even if you are, the impact is minor at best. As it is, personal usage of major foreign currencies outside of their home countries is pretty much irrelevant in terms of scope and scale. 


its not helpful to bitcoin because not using bitcoin for actual trade (merely as an intermediary) reduces its effectiveness in being utilized for trades by others/for trade in the future. The same is in no way true for fiat, due to the reason stated above. The value depreciation from the scenario you described will never happen so long as the given government is able to enforce its laws. 
congrats, your "protest" is performed in such a way that it can only have an impact *after* the gov had already fallen apart and can't enforce their own laws. Bravo. Thats super meaningful.
@_date: 2014-03-02 18:16:26
Individual ignorance. 
@_date: 2014-08-25 20:24:13
A couple brothers making their family stronger = genetic splicing
@_date: 2014-06-26 12:33:53


and this fact is wrong. 
Adoption does not require higher pricing, neither does it necessarily lead to higher pricing.
@_date: 2014-05-26 16:04:23
to you, the simplest explanation is criminal activity, because "high value customers being treated differently" is an extraordinary claim. 
To him, the simplest explanation is "high value customers being treated differently" because he knew for a fact that they are and that the observed activities of the bot are similar to how services already being provided to other high value customers elsewhere in other similar situation. Thus, the claim that "this observed event is different from other similar observed event in the past" and "this observed event, unlike similar events observed in the past, is due to criminal activities" is the by far less simple. 
@_date: 2014-06-15 13:56:18
Neither is bitocoin's discount. It comes at a loss of value. No one thinks CC benefits are "free money" to begin with. Stop making the other side stupid to make your make your point stand. 
@_date: 2014-06-15 18:57:15


So? 
The mean return for a 1 off game of 50-50 double or nothing game of chance is always going to be 0 too, that doesn't mean its not gambling, or that it isn't colossally stupid for a business to engage in.  
This fact alone makes "mean return" a worthless measurement. Because the return for any one  miner will never be  the mean
Because of changing difficulty per period, you cannot make up for any loss (or gains) incurred. 
Simple illustration. If you got unlucky and get less bitcoin than you should for difficulty X and 2X (25% chance of this happening), then by the time difficulty gets to 4X you will statistically almost never be able to recoup your losses, no matter how long you proceed to mine afterwards. Any subsequent "good luck" will only return to you a fraction of your initial losses. Which means you need net positive "good luck". Thats not happening. 
In fact, just by being unlucky once at difficulty level X would prob mean you can never regain lost ground. 
**The bigger the variance, the bigger this loss would be.** The fact that the potential gain is higher is irrelevant. Business don't want to gamble. If they do want a greater rate of volatility, they can manually implement it through satoshi dice. 


No. Its made under the assumption of continuous maintenance of equivalent mining power. 
you don't seem to understand the basic math here. This is similar to, but not entirely identical  to the stock example I used. You're always making a positive return, that positive return's magnitude however will change. You don't have to reinvest all the returns, just sufficient to maintain your power as a % of the whole market. That reinvestment cost can be a fraction of expected returns. 
@_date: 2014-11-25 06:09:01
and what exactly can i buy for 85 cents today what i would need to spend $10 on in 2002? 
are you guys really this dumb that you just believe everything, no matter how absurd, just because it fits your worldview?
@_date: 2014-05-27 18:41:45


reread it. It does not. 
@_date: 2014-05-11 15:30:40
I would, but i lack the ability to make people more intelligent. Too bad for you. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 22:21:14


In which case you need this information stated out explicitly as part of the answer. 
If you're gonna talk about money supply, you can either give X bitcoin, or $Y USD at $A USD/bitcoin. You *cannot* just give $Y can call it money supply. 
even for the later case, the information provided is still X, they just gave X in the form of "Y/A" (just like how mathematically 2 and 4/2 are the same). Y, as a singular value, is meaningless with regards to money supply.


no you haven't. You've seen it displayed as "Y/A". Which is mathematically identical to X. Saying the "money supply of USD is X billion AUD" is just wrong.
@_date: 2014-05-22 03:46:58
He didn't talk about bitcoin at all. the journalist himself tried to link it to bitcoin, while getting almost everything wrong. 
@_date: 2014-10-24 15:04:58
Don't be stupid. Sole proprietorship does not mean you get to use personal accounts in place of business. 
Which account you need to use is based on what activities you're engaging in. Are the activities for personal or business functions? The legal status of your business is irrelevant. 
edit: your comment was both wrong and stupid no matter what you think you were replying to. 
@_date: 2014-05-27 19:15:03


aka far less than infinity time.


aka far before infinity time happens.
a numerical example, because you are apparently in elementary school: 10 = far less than 1000 = far before 1000
now sub 1000 for infinity
do you need me to draw a number line and show you where the points "before X" and "less than X" is?
ans: its **both** between 0 and X. 
You seriously don't understand this?
This is pathetic. Stop writing articles online and pick up a high school textbook on either english or math. 
@_date: 2014-04-22 18:10:03


because a single ETF behaves in a different way than 1000s of tinier versions of themselves. the differences does not present themselves when viewed in aggregate (holding other factors constant), but they are there and will have an impact on market efficiency (because they cause a bigger change than they should in the factors we initially held constant). 
 
@_date: 2014-06-20 19:13:55


If you're going to assume "as a group", why even bother with nash equilibrium analysis? Why not just go back to "a player maximizes value".
With no direct means of communication, enforceability or even guarantees that the other players will act in the way you want them to, there is no "group"
@_date: 2014-10-09 15:11:10


Yeah, cause there is no one with self interest in seeing the price go up. People claiming price is going to go down are all out for a buck, people claiming the opposite are just visionaries. 
@_date: 2014-08-25 19:45:12
The Fed had long since found ACH to be lacking, the reason why regulatory pressure to force a change had not occurred by now was due entirely to lobbying. 
@_date: 2014-06-15 15:46:07


It is. Go read what was written. The 1% figure I used was given is by the prior post **for payout**. His arguments were based on that 1% payout difference. So I replied assuming the same.
Does no one read on this sub?  


this is variance. From OP's article.
@_date: 2014-10-29 14:32:28
This is hilarious 
@_date: 2014-08-12 19:53:53


and here is the problem with this sub. 
this statement above isn't true. Bitcoin's central value proposition is that it's allows them to engage in transactions at low cost and with ease. Decentralization does not matter to the masses, neither does trustless systems. No one cares. Thats why they are perfectly fine with using CCs. 
There is a reason VCs are pumping money into bitcoin infrastructure and facilitating it as a transaction mechanism, instead of just buying coins. It's the same reason why increased adaptation does not necessarily denote a rise in pricing. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:16:21


Yes, because they are running a company. Losses happen. The fact that regulation ensured the whole thing didn't fall on itself and take all of its customer's money with it is the point. 
Again, lost and losses are entirely different things. Every business runs the risk of losses. Its acceptable and normal. To have money be LOST like MG is another thing entirely.
@_date: 2014-07-10 16:53:31


modern **fiat** is. 


The stupidity...
How will this change ANYTHING? Implemented in a large scale, it just results in a change in the equilibrium exchange rate. Why would it matter to someone if they pay 600 usd or 1 bitcoin if they have the same purchasing power and is, at any given point, equivalent? 
wages in usd, cost of X in usd and cost of X in bitcoin are all pegged to purchasing power, not each other. 


In this case, that 150 petahashes already exist. So yes. 


It lowers transaction costs, not price. If you can't differentiate the 2, you should shut up about this whole topic. 
Trading is a zero sum game. One trader (that can predict the future more accuratly) profits at the expense of another. The added liquidity and depth (and more accurate reflection of current conditions) is a beneficial side effect of this "game" existing. Thats why markets allow it to exist even though it technically creates zero economic value by itself. 
 
I will say this again: you're ignorant. 
@_date: 2014-08-19 20:57:36


no, for that risk, you are compensated with 0.25% interest and **the value of services offered**. The fact that you are using it means that value is high. 
If btc's tech manages to cut down on service fees, then the bank will just offer higher interest rate for depositors. It cost them nothing, they still provide the same value. Depositors still deposit if they are still getting the same value, it's just in a different form. 
the fact that you don't don't want to deposit your money at a bank is irrelevant. The market will. the vast majority don't think that their banks are going to collapse any day or that keeping it at a bank means the government is going to confiscate it.  
and this is not taking into account that you will probably also need loans. which means your loaned amount will be a deposit. 
I can go on and on, but the point is this. you don't remotely understand how the system works as well as you think you do. bitcoin has it's benefits, but nowhere close to what you're saying. the assumptions you're using to justify it's value were either flawed or outright wrong. 
bitcoin doesn't stop banks from existing, it doesn't stop banks from failures, it doesn't stop fractional banking, it doesn't make accounting easier. It doesn't magically prevent governments from asserting control. It's not a magical bullet, it's a different version of the gold standard. We know reasonably well what bitcoin can and cannot do, because a virtual currency with fixed amount that cannot be duplicated is not anything conceptually new. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 18:37:06
When even a circlejerk sub like collectively think the video you showcased advocating bitcoin's great future potential is stupid, you should know better. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 23:58:07
Jesus christ, wtf are you even here in this topic.
*Of course* bitcoin has value. Thats why it has a market price of 500 USD. *Of course* you can assign any value to anything. 
Thats not what we're debating here. No one is saying it has no value. Thats retarded. 
This discussion is about its intrinsic (i call it innate, its the same thing) value. Half of your conclusion is outright irrelevant to the discussion. 


Yes, the value of EVERYTHING occurs when they are used. What a revelation. 


then you are wrong. They are not interchangable. you don't own the protocol, you just own the coins.


which has ZERO intrinsic value. 


well then, i guess everyone in finance &amp; economics is wrong for the past 50 years. It amazes me people can just outright say this sort of stupid shit with the belief they are right.
@_date: 2014-10-28 14:57:51
You have no fucking clue what you're talking about. Your one btc worth of money is not set aside for you after you sold ur btc,  it just becomes part of the exchange's fiat holdings. Which would have been used to fulfill the huge amount of prior obligations mtgox was under by prior customers wanting a withdrawal. Since obligations &gt; fiat holdings, they can't pay you. 
@_date: 2014-05-16 18:32:30


I absolutely can. 
If they run the same services, then they will have the same costs, which translates to the exact same amount in expenses. 
Unless they can actually reduce costs somewhere, which they haven't announced they could, then *fundamental business/economics tenet* justifies my statement that costs to customers from spread will be of the exact same amount as fees. 
And thats just for fees as "fees for other companies". 
If we meant fees as "fees circle would have charged you instead of being "free"", then it will be always the same. They will always incur expenses, they will always need to pay for those. **At the end of the day they will always need $X, no matter the method to get it. Not taking fees doesn't actually impact their cost structure.** 


how? where exactly is their cost savings coming from? If there is none, why would fees be lower? if they threw in insurance, that just means higher cost structure. How are they paying for expenses? 
Even if they get it from merchant, there would be no difference. merchants will just shift part of the burden to consumers. 
From an economics point of view, it doesn't matter who is paying the fees or how its paid, at market equilibrium the burden on merchant/user will be the same. 
Case 1: merchant pays 3% fees
Case 2: buyer pays 3% fees (hidden or otherwise)
Case 3: each pays 1.5%
after price adjustments, the costs to merchant/consumer for all 3 cases will be the exact same. This is, again, a fundamental economic tenet. 
@_date: 2014-05-06 23:15:52


you think sponsoring Joe Rogan is a method to encourage Joe Rogan to check out bitcoins?
Do you really have no concept of what advertising is? 
@_date: 2014-08-20 13:09:07
really? the fact that he has no recourse available after a mistake was made is just the issue with this particular wallet?
I guess no one ever made a mistaken transfer through other means/wallets.  
@_date: 2014-03-05 22:05:05


so what?
Free market doesn't in any way imply that consumers gain the powers of perfect information. There are limitations to individual expertise. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 17:32:53


i'm talking a hypothetical situation where bitcoins are used mainly for transactions, not when 90% of it is held as investment asset. Why the fuck would I feel the need to test that hypothesis out for current market conditions, when said conditions are so obviously different from the one used for my hypothesis?


Read what i wrote.
Stop talking about shit if you don't understand whats being discussed. I'm not discussing the impact of 55x 1m in current reality. Current reality is that 90% of bitcoins are held as investments as people wait for it to go to the moon. Under such conditions, of course liquidity will be fucked. I didn't feel need to explicitly point this out since its so obvious. the whole point of my original post was to point out that with only &lt;10% of bitcoins being used for trade, its simply not showing signs of turning into a transaction mechanism as the OP suggested it would. 
The post you're replying to is just further explanation that even if it turns into a transaction mechanism, the market cap can still, theoretically, remain relatively small compared to transaction volume.


Even your rhetorical question is retarded. Thats not assuming a 6+ bil market cap, thats arbitrarily limiting the size of the market cap to be the market cap of a given exchange.  
@_date: 2014-10-06 03:29:23


no. The strategy as you described is never used by any legit investment managers, which I assume is what you meant by "investment brokers".
btw, investment brokers are are individuals who bring together buyers and sellers of investments, they make money from either spread or commission. They don't invest anything. 
the fact that you don't even know this shows you should just have shut up about this topic. 
@_date: 2014-08-15 16:21:00


of course it is, it implies the protection is known to be or assumed to be absolute and unbreakable. That is simply not true. We might not be able to break the system right now, but it's a non-negligible possibility in the future and we know that. 
his words is meant to convey the exact opposite of this known fact. It's the most detrimental to the layman because the layman would be the one most likely not to fully comprehend this. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 16:06:35


What? That i'm interested in the topic? 
or do you believe interest cannot exist without love? 
Literally nothing I've said is based on "i don't like bitcoin". Are you angry cause someone that finds bitcoin interesting enough to visit this sub isn't stroking your dick and whispering sweet nothings about the moon? 
@_date: 2014-05-09 20:38:25


really? you didn't have the option to fuck off elsewhere after you grew up and live in a deserted forest? make you own house out of materials you harvested yourself and hunt your own food?
everyone has the option to unsign and leave civilization, they just don't because  almost every single convenience (from a gun to hunt, to lumber for building to shoes you can buy) is a product of civilization and its inefficient to get them yourselves. Hurrah, hats the benefit of society and civilizations. 


and we are also paying them to enact consumer protection. whats your point here? Because they do the former they can't do the latter? 




And I assume you don't understand what "statist" means. Guess what, unless you feel states should have no influence whatsoever on the actions of individuals, you're "statist". Pretty much anything not anarchism is statist. Every single government in existence right now, is statist. So, by all means, tell me why me not being an anarchist matters to this discussion.




so yes, I am, at minimum, minarchist. You're telling me you aren't? 
@_date: 2014-06-23 23:44:45


The fact that some people do is all thats needed. 


Again, so what?
The point was never whether its good or bad, the point is whether its BETTER. 
@_date: 2014-06-04 13:02:15
And a gradual decrease would magically allow those hardware to run in perpetuity how? 
@_date: 2014-06-09 15:47:48
This is just stupid. Finance majors are taught how to valuate commodities, which is what bitcoin is. The fact that you don't understand enough about finance to valuate bitcoin doesn't mean other people don't either. Other than the infrastructural being digital and its future usage adaption being a bigger unknown, there is no difference between valuing bitcoin and copper. You look at the same attributes. Those attributes just adds more volatility to the end valuation for bitcoin than they do copper. 
You got your head stuck up your ass if you think people who studied valuations gets stumped just because something isn't a company. To be this ignorant, you have to not even know what you don't know. 
@_date: 2014-04-16 17:06:15




@_date: 2014-05-27 19:30:55


Ah, the legendary autism defense. Pretending not to understand what hyperbole is or that "infinity" in casual english can just mean a unfathomably long time. Yes please, lets pretend I was writing a math paper and not just making a point that time needed is nowhere close to being what is implied by descriptive nouns such as "infinity". 
@_date: 2014-07-31 17:34:37


this is idiotic. 
there are only 1.29 trillion usd in circulation. Thats less than the combined worth of google + apple + msft. So usd magically becomes worthless the exact moment those 3 decided to merge into a giant conglomerate? 
You don't seem to understand how money works as a facilitator of transactions. The market cap of the currency itself is, at best, a convenience. I can buy anything and perform any transaction with a single unit of any given currency, it's just troublesome. 
Pay 1 btc, the entity you pay it to sells it/use it in the market, buy that btc from the market through goods/services/other store of value, pay it to the entity again. Do this multiple times till total btc paid = value of entity. the market cap of the currency used to facilitate the trade has nothing to do with anything. The currency itself doesn't need to be used by the selling entity as a store of value. 
@_date: 2014-08-18 17:40:15


If you no clue what you're talking about. Holding it in trust does not mean it's not yours. The fact that a bank might go bankrupt does not mean it's not your money. 
this is like claiming i stop owning my car when I give it to the airport valet service.


Might as well as say "All online payments that are not credit based are credit based"
What about online payments that ARE directly money transfers? What about online payments that automatically takes the money out from your bank account right after?
None of this is even the point, consumers at large doesn't feel they don't own money held in trust elsewhere, they don't see a difference between using a CC and using a direct transfer. The point's you're making out to be advantages for bitcoin are things most people don't give a flying fuck about. Competitive advantages/differences consumer don't care are not competitive advantages/differences. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 20:04:04
Also, my point is never being not being a statist. My point is that you're an idiot to think that fact means anything or have any significance
i'm not justifying my position, i'm just showing empirical proof why you're stupid. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 22:11:57


No, it means a society that is drastically limited in preventing fraud. Because fraud prevention, by its very nature, means limitations imposed on the market. 


and unlike a regulated market where the 3rd parties are guaranteed by an external entity to be impartial and (in a sense) all powerful, 3rd parties in "truly free market environment" are not just more limited in their abilities, but just as much a danger as the primary parties. 
you don't trust the 2nd party, but the 3rd party can do no wrong? Are you going to have a 4th party? Then a 5th?
Did you actually think those points through? 


Says who? Again, there is no semi-all powerful entity enforcing the rules. If the other party have more power, there is nothing you can do. The only way repercussions will happen is if the disadvantaged party is as powerful or more powerful. 
your whole argument hinges on the assumption that 2 parties doing business with each other have equivalent power (or knowledge/information), they don't. **This is not magical-econs-101 land**. This is reality, with its innate set of market distortions.
The idea here that people can just magically know who is the best party to do business with is ridiculous. There is a reason regulatory bodies are huge organizations consisting of hundreds, if not thousands, of specialists. Knowing whats going on is not a trivial task. This applies from everything from food safety to banking.


for other people's sake, try and keep your promises. your "corrections" are infantile. 
@_date: 2014-06-17 18:34:17
And you have an "understanding of economics" that seems to be based on a semester of econs 101.
Competitors don't necessarily engage in price competition in the real world. Especially since the same advantages are available for all parties. If you know they can and will immediately react by lowering their price by same amount as you, why bother? Everyone is guaranteed to end up worse off. You won't gain any advantage relative to your competitors in anything other than the near-short term.  
@_date: 2014-05-10 05:03:34


Yes, the "i'm so smart i know better than everyone else" defense.
obviously realizing you don't even understand what statist actually meant didn't provide you with any humility. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 21:09:21
this is the sort of idiocy you see on this sub all the time. 
Yes, the tech is new and haven't existed before, **but the concept is not anything we cannot envision or haven't envisioned before**. Naysayers understand bitcoin perfectly because the core concept is simple enough, you don't even need to understand the tech aspects at all.  
This is like claiming people cannot understand what google glass can do or understand its potential benefits/pitfalls, because up till now the tech was unfeasible and the product is new. 
You don't understand the financial/economic/banking related issues naysayers are bring up, then, because you don't even know what you don't know, you somehow end up believing those naysayers just don't get the tech. At the end of the day, the fundamental issues with bitcoin have nothing to do with tech. Just because I don't understand the engineering for google glass doesn't mean I can't know fully well what it does.
@_date: 2014-05-07 17:14:49


isn't this a convenient assumption. 
@_date: 2014-05-27 19:09:55


It applies to AVERAGES. 
It breaks down when your game stops whenever you get a single 0.
**Regression to the mean does not, in any way, reduce the possibility of volatility, or the magnitude of volatility for each subsequent data point.** 
It just means, *on average*, historical data becomes more predictive of future data.
@_date: 2014-08-12 18:18:03
The value of bitcoin to the majority of non-tinfoil hat wearing consumers is going to come from the increase in ease of transactions. That aspect can be copied with (relative) ease using any sort of alt coin system. To the market at large, bitcoin's ability as a storage of value is entirely worthless. They don't care about saving their net worth as bitcoin for the same reason they don't care about saving it as gold. 
If an institution can provide the same transaction advantages of bitcoin, while adding actual customer support services, the masses will just use that. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:42:06


It means fraud *prevention* laws don't apply, since those are all regulatory in nature. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 15:08:30


and its decline is a negative feedback loop. the same logic works both ways. Any future short term decline has the potential turn long term and precipitate a crash to the bottom.


"marginal utility" does not in any way mean what you think it does. Don't throw jargons around just cause they sound sophisticated.
That aside, i do understand what you're trying to say, and its wrong. Saturation point happens when people stop buying into the hype and start to lose faith/demand. Which absolutely could happen. 
As it is right now, bitcoin is just a highly speculative investment asset whose value is based almost solely on investor expectations of other (potential or otherwise) investor's expectations, instead of actual innate value of the asset itself. This is not some new category/type of investment assets that we haven't seen before and cannot apply based investment fundamentals to.
Just look at all the "I'm holding on to my bitcoins till it goes to the moon!! Woot!!" comments here on this sub. 
@_date: 2014-10-31 14:34:55
Because it prevents people here from buying their own private Islands 5 years from noq
@_date: 2014-05-27 19:03:02


We're discussing why you won't break even at 0% edge against a **HOUSE**. Do you read the title of your own articles?
what the fuck do you think a "House" means? A gambler just like you?


that rant has everything to do with probability given the condition of house and gambler, as opposed to the unrealistic hypothetical case of 2 dudes with infinite money flipping a coin. 
@_date: 2014-10-14 17:57:09


Backed how? A vendor cannot reject fiat payment of their given country of operation. He can absolutely not accept bitcoin. Bitcoin has no backing whatsoever, everyone can choose to reject it anytime they want with no consequence. You have no clue what that word even means in context. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 15:37:00


Disregarding its current network effect (which, as we noted, can be reduced to zero), there can be/already exists alternatives that are perfect substitutes. because of that, bitcoin has no properties that no other financial tool has. 


Its irrelevant when that value can be obtained elsewhere. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 21:51:41


I'm not talking about consumer choice. I'm solely talking about elimination of a way to implementation of monetary policy. Which is, arguably, the  feature of bitcoin. Its the whole point of going from fiat to hard currency. 
An automatic car would be one thats automatically implementing monetary policies. This isn't that. This just threw monetary policy making out of the window.


No. As far as monetary policies goes, it simply becomes impossible. 


So what? It doesn't remove the gov's taxation. What does this change? If the gov want the same tax revenue, they can still get it through other means. It curtails absolutely nothing. 


this is outright stupid. 
Hard currency is not necessarily gold, it can be gold backed currencies. How does gold back currencies in any way suffer from an inability to scale? **1 lb of gold can be 1000 units of gold backed dollars or 100,000 units of gold backed dollars. You can go wild with scaling just like bitcoins.** even if you start with 1000 unit per lb of gold, you can do a split into "new dollars" that are 100,000 units per lb of gold when the need arises.
@_date: 2014-06-20 01:34:47
if the price slumps, you are better off with the largest and least volatile pool. If the price doesn't slump, you are still better off in that pool. 
Your decision has no impact on whether price slumps. You leaving Ghash won't do anything to the price. 
@_date: 2014-06-15 19:17:39
increasing difficulty means while it technically "works both ways", in the long run it won't even out. You're gambling. you might come out positive or negative, but you won't come out even steven.
Simple illustration. If you got unlucky and get less bitcoin than you should for difficulty X and 2X (25% chance of this happening), then by the time difficulty gets to 4X you will statistically almost never be able to recoup your losses, no matter how long you proceed to mine afterwards. Any subsequent "good luck" will only return to you a fraction of your initial losses. Which means you need net positive "good luck". Thats not happening.
The bigger the variance, the bigger this loss would be. The fact that the potential gain is higher at the same time is irrelevant. Business don't want to gamble.


1) no one said this. Or even implied it. Do people on this sub not know how to read? The 1% value was not based on a 1% difference in variance. Its bsaed on the calculations quoted by the prior poster. 
2) *Thats variance for a month.* Each period before an adjustment is only 9.5 days long. Those stats understated the problem by a huge amount. This was already discussed. Again, l2read. 
@_date: 2014-06-05 16:05:39
Reread the article, you have no clue whats going on. 
@_date: 2014-05-24 04:18:27


they will freeze accounts. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 19:44:38


*another* idiot on this sub throwing around words he doesn't understand.
@_date: 2014-10-22 14:09:09
Seeing as you're here, the answer to your question would be "some"
@_date: 2014-12-02 22:45:15


You know what has great growth potential? A lottery ticket. 
Growth potential is hardly the yardstick to go by. 


If you win the lottery, blah blah blah. 


yeh, because the probabiliy of achieveing a given rate of return is not a factor at all. 
No shit you can increase returns by taking on more risk. That doesn't make it a great investment. 
@_date: 2014-05-27 18:27:15


which part of **house gets to create conditions where they have infinite wealth** do you not understand? 


No, realistically they will only need to play for a long enough time. Far less than infinity. In fact, it will be short enough you will go broke in weeks if you bet any meaningful amount relative to your bankroll. 
If you are not betting a meaningful amount, then neither are you earning any meaningful profit and the whole venture is still a wash. i.e, you're a millionaire, you're not going to bet 5 cents at a time, that defeats the whole point of gambling. 
the "while eternity" condition is regarding to cases where 1 out of a gazillion billion chance, a dude keeps on winning. It says they will eventually lose it all if they continue. that dude is hypothetical and statistically not going to actually exist.  
@_date: 2014-06-04 12:59:44
And how is that conceptually any different from having a Fiat account? The accounting firm would be just like an exchange with a customer of 1. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 18:43:23
well, how good a *school* is is not really represented by its research quality/staff. 
but MIT have a lot more resources to spend on research, and it shows. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 01:19:40


Any sort of buyer friendly policy costs retailers money. The reason any retailer do them is because it brings in more customers. Things are no different in this case. 
this sort of policies cost paypal resources. They won't do it if net impact on revenue (post any clawback) is not positive. 
@_date: 2014-04-23 22:41:15
Pretty sure apple wont allow you to put a paypal donation for the app creator in the app either.
From a certain standpoint, its valid to argue that donations are equivalent to revenue.
While i dont necessarily agree with them, this is not a bitcoin issue as much as a donation vs revenue issue. 
@_date: 2014-12-02 16:21:03


Just because you don't understand what he is saying does mean the advice is meaningless. Your describing taking on extra risks for higher returns. He is discussion minimizing risks for any given target rate of return.  The 2 are entirely different conversations. This is the most basic of of investment theory. If you can't even understand this, you have no place being part of the conversation. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 01:01:36


if this were the case, then there is no reason for merchants to be bitching all over this thread, would there? Consumers will just be paying for a service at no loss to merchants and OP's point would be moot. 
paypal is pro buyer, bitcoin is pro seller. Neither one is innately better. All i'm seeing here is "paypal improves customer protection, merchants whine"
The only reason online shopping has increased to the size it is today is because policies like this allowed buyers to obtain peace of mind. Paypal won't be implementing this if revenue(*post* claw back) is not beneficially influenced. The smaller the retailer, the more important this is. The vast majority of buyers will never touch a no name online seller if there isn't some form of protection in place.
@_date: 2014-05-26 20:09:06


No, its pretty dumb to grab on to a far more complex and unlikely explanation when there exist a simpler one which you have/could not rule out.  


How are we not doing that? the conclusion both OP and myself are making is that its *far more likely* for it to be just a ot run for customers. No one is claiming its definitely the case.  the point is that claiming its criminal activities is without additional proof is absurd.


It literally means exactly that. For each individual case, more complex explanations have a lower probability (ergo, less likely to be true), than a simpler explanation. 


If your comment involves Occam's Razor, then you're also talking probabilities. Thats what Occam's Razor is about. **you don't get to talk about a concept, then say the logical basis of that specific concept is not what you're discussing.** 


Occam's Razor  is in large part "built" on probability theory. Its a rule of thumb simplification of both empirical observations (less factors, less noise) and theoretical probability based logic.   
@_date: 2014-06-15 19:57:37


9.5 days is the estimated time for that to happen. Jesus christ, READ wtf is being discussed. 


It does, because difficulty changes overweights the lower difficulty periods. It negates the smoothing effect of time on expected return vs actual return. 


You. This. Now.
@_date: 2014-06-26 12:20:26
Nono, the natural habitat of the horse is obviously paved roads. They cannot move around without it. 
@_date: 2014-05-23 13:32:09


Ignoring the idiotic counterfeiting comment, do you even understand wtf a straw man is? I corrected your statement directly, I never rephrased it or reframed it, how exactly is there even room for a straw man?
@_date: 2014-04-15 13:56:51
do people here not understand this is a BAD thing? Is tax evasion and not repaying back debts to be celebrated now? 
Oh someone hit you with their car and owes you punitive damage? Too fucking bad, his assets are in bitcoins and untraceable! You owe people money? Well just convert your assets to bitcoins and declare bankruptcy! don't want to pay taxes, just convert money to bitcoins and move the out of the country! 
@_date: 2014-09-30 19:02:28
The merchant is still paying the exact same costs due to fraud. The fact that the customers burden of that cost is assigned to a smaller group changes nothing for the merchant. Stratification of costs is not removal of costs. Merchants can't stratify costs away. 
How is this difficult to understand? 
@_date: 2014-12-22 19:57:10




Then those people, and you, are idiots who don't understand the meaning of store of value. 
If you want to get real gains, you invest the money. If you store it, then the point is to maintain value. No more, no less. That's why it's called storage of value and not growth in value. 
Any sort of real rate of return is contingent  on risk and reward. Returns are ultimately always a return on risk. Zero risk storage results in zero return. You don't get anything because you are not giving up anything. Bitcoin does nothing to change this. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 14:53:09
study more than econs 101.
@_date: 2014-03-02 18:17:59
yes they should. But basic economics game theory/actual empirical data states that its better off for everyone if they don't (bank run --&gt; total economic collapse --&gt; no one is better off). Since thats not possible, regulatory entities serve to make sure the optimal results (aka bank run does not happen) happens.
**This is the point of regulation**
@_date: 2014-08-17 21:01:20


This upper bound has NOTHING to do with MS. It's not even set in stone and can theoretically be changed in the future. 
I never claimed velocity can reach infinity. Thats not a necessarily assumption to show it's wrong. It's a condition for a thought experiment to easily illustrate the point that velocity directly affects pricing. A factor which he entirely ignored.
How is this concept difficult to grasp? 


no shit sherlock. Infinite ANYTHING is inapplicable to the real world. I didn't realize I needed to point this out explicitly and note that it's an exaggeration for illustrating a point. That point being : velocity matters. 
I literally stated "we might not know the future velocity of bitcoin now" right up there in my very first reply, then repeated it multiple times. What part of this statement translated into "I'm assuming infinite velocity as the reality in the future" to you? 
My point doesn't require infinite velocity to stand. It only needs velocity to be different. Infinity is just a tool to easily showcase why that difference matters. Stop grasping at straws. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 16:13:05


I don't understand what this sentence means. You're claiming the bot is hiding private company data for the customer so the company doesn't know it? 
@_date: 2014-04-16 17:53:50


except the reason you are disagreeing makes no sense if you understand what taxation is. 


hence not. 


Except you are NOT doing that for bitcoins. 




except your justification for how it should work is logically inconsistent. Which you are blind to because you fundamentally don't understand the concept of what taxation is. 
@_date: 2014-08-19 20:11:32


A cycle that exist entirely in your head
I just love how you're making this out to be some sort of law that had been observed, instead of a hypothesis with nothing backing up it's status as a "cycle"


A bitcoin will do absolutely jack shit if this were the scenario being discussed. So long as all major services/retailers are legislatively forbidden from accepting or using bitcoin by threat of force, the fact that bitcoin can't be taken away would be irrelevant. It would end up being a dead currency. 


**As it would under bitcoin.** Using bitcoin does not stop fractional reserve banking from occurring. The type of currency doesn't matter. If it's possible when real gold is used as currency, it's possible when bitcoin is. 
I'm a bank, I accept fiat. you deposit 1000 fiat. I keep 100 fiat and lend out 900 to someone else. He deposits it, I lend 90% of 900 out again. etc etc
Now change fiat to gold. It still works. Now change fiat to bitcoin, *it still works*. The fact that bitcoin cannot be reproduced is irrelevant. Neither can fiat (at least by the bank doing fractional reserve banking) and gold. Fractional banking doesn't require any reproduction of currency. It's accounting. 
your whole argument is based on wrongful assumptions regarding the limits of bitcoin and how fractional reserve banking works. You're either assuming bitcoin does things it doesn't do, or you have no clue how fractional banking works to being with. 
@_date: 2014-10-28 16:57:41
So what? You bear no liability for losses. You bear total liability for bitcoin. If I'm not liable, the fact that my actions are more risky is entirely irrelevant. 
Total risk for bitcoin might be lower, but total risk to consumer is higher. Consumers don't give a shit about the risks someone else is already shouldering for them. 
@_date: 2014-05-16 18:39:53


No, I just assume there is no way to stop them from being so if they want to. Thats the way the whole bitcoin system is constructed. 
the whole point of bitcoin is that, if done correctly, no one can gain access to your wallet. did you miss all the idiots cheering on every single post about how governments are powerless to "steal their money"?


again, being legal and being enforceable are different concepts. all financial derivatives are tradable contracts, there is nothing unique about that idea. The point is that those ocntracts work because there is always a central agency, whether the court legal system, or the exchange that has actual power and ability to enforce the contract + identify the entities involved.
**Legally, a contract is enforceable if its a real contract. Practically, a contract is only a real contract if its enforceable.** That makes all the difference. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:27:13


YES. 


In essence, you just stored a wallet with bank B, one which they cannot access. Its the equivalent of leaving a safe with your cash in a guarded facility that also happens to do banking for other people. 
Thats EXACTLY like a safety deposit box.


What of it? You pay enough and you can store valuables safely in guarded compounds too. You pay enough and you can get them to deliver those valuables to different people. 
the only difference is that transaction costs are lower when its bitcoin. That doesn't magically makes it into a banking activity. You're not depositing anything with anyone, in the banking sense. 
Just like how the deposit box+cash method is going to incur relatively larger costs compared to actual fiat banking, the bitcoin version will incur larger costs compared to actual bitcoin banking. If you're actually using bitcoin banking, then a bank failure will be exactly like Mt.Gox. 
@_date: 2014-10-05 15:55:41
thats not what the cost is. 
transaction cost for bitcoin is fixed (kinda) and based on miner reward. So the $20 comes from total cost/# transactions. Increased transactions does not directly increase cost in a significant way (at least, right now) 
@_date: 2014-03-13 14:37:27


If we are playing this game, why not pretend all bitcoin exchange collapse? Thats a higher probability scenario. Hell, why not pretend there is a security flaw in the algorithm of bitcoin or that future advances in computer science break the cryptographic standards being used?
NIST’s Dual_EC_DRBG is already shown to have a backdoor. It was only chance that bitcoin was designed using another standard. Satoshi could very well have been NIST’s Dual_EC_DRBG. And I'm not being hyperbole here. It was really no reason for Satoshi to have used secp256r1 (which is now viewed with suspicion due to how alike it is to to the Dual_EC_DRBG) instead of secp256k1 .
@_date: 2014-05-09 19:27:50
the ability to keep stolen money used to buy your products by pretending fraud doesn't exist?
"Look, our system don't have the capability to determine if money we took in are loot from fraudulent activities, so obviously fraud doesn't exist and we get to keep the money!"
@_date: 2014-06-02 14:36:21
As a transaction mechanism, you need a lot LESS than 55m to transfer 55m a day. 
If I need to transfer 55m, i can do that piecemeal 1m at a time. X buy 1 mil of coins, send it to Y, Y sells it for 1 mil. liquidity increases back to original levels. X repeats this for 55 times. X has not sent 55 mil while "using" only 1 mil in bitcoins. Since everything is computerized, it represents no significant increase in human resources, time or money. 
In fact, this would be the standard practice, since it will save money by minimizing undue influence on price. 
You're the one who doesn't seem to understand how things work. 
@_date: 2014-05-21 14:13:23


No, its not. Its used as a medium of exchange. A currency, by definition in economics, is more than that. 
@_date: 2014-08-25 20:27:31


why? 
whats wrong with paypal or CC for this scenario? The automatic process I have in my house for buying juice and paying utility bills can't use credit cards/paypal/direct bank transfer? 
I'm already paying bills/buying groceries with CC, why can't a machine do the same? Hell, a machine IS doing that by automatic using money from my bank account to pay bills. Last I checked, the process doesnt require bitcoins. 
@_date: 2014-08-18 19:13:58




Learn to read.
The fact that idiots like you exist doesn't mean they are the majority of consumers, or that your numbers are significant enough to matter.
@_date: 2014-06-15 13:51:11
You never had to in large part because the threat of charge backs disincentives any action that would result in a charge back. People on this sub don't seem to understand this.
Sellers don't behave the same they they do now if they know there is no threat of chargeback. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 13:39:52


**Just because you don't know what the minimum is doesn't mean there is no minimum.** What sort of idiot needs this to be explicitly pointed out? The fact that industrial demand will always exist means value will always be non zero. You don't need to know the exact figure to show it's positive. 


People value a given asset at higher than intrinsic. 


Did its demand drop to zero? No. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 21:25:27


yes, so? The point is that if you're gonna make a big deal of an individual supporting bitcoin, he had better be someone who displays clear expertise in banking/finance/economics. 
Its clear OP make a big deal out of his statements because OP mistakenly though his post is proof of his expertise and understanding of the topic. 


this statement is the most retarded shit i've seen today. You think people should hate banks because they gave you a mortgage? Really? We should hate entities that provided us with a loan to buy things that we would not otherwise be able to afford (or with much greater difficulty)? Why? Because we shouldn't be forced to repay loans? That banks are evil for lending us money (when we request it of them) and expecting us to pay them back?
you understand that taking out a mortgage is a service by the bank to the borrower right? Its a product you buy from the banks. No one is putting a gun to your head forcing you to do so. 
This is the equivalent of "you should hate your car dealer because they expect you to pay them for the car they sold you"
@_date: 2014-05-23 13:57:44
I got personal how? By point how you knows jack shit about what the mint does? 


thats you, making a clearly ignorant comment without realizing the mint is just a production facility for creating physical money. If you can't stand people calling you out on your ignorance, don't talk about stuff you don't know about in the first place. 
@_date: 2014-09-19 18:59:37
What the point of this discussion is doesn't matter. Your statement justifying your view is factually incorrect. That is my sole point.  Anyone with half a brain and a basic understanding of economics or finance won't made made the obviously impossible claim you did. Neither would they have mistaken my statement to mean I'm claiming volume and market cap are entirely unrelated. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 21:41:14


Knowledge about what relevant topics? How physical money is manufactured? How much wear and tear paper notes can take before req they be replaced? The logistics of transferring physical money?
Do you even know what the mint does? They make and distribute physical products we refer to as money. Thats all. Its essentially a production facility. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 16:49:39
Being intentionally stupid is not a win. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 15:30:55


So? the same applies to almost every asset. Those guys are not going to make that exponential growth true by themselves. There might not even be enough of them to prevent a total tank.


thats like saying as long as a company exist its stock price won't tank.


No it does not. there are more to being currency than just having value and being able to be exchanged for goods. BTC, as it is now, is as much currency as any other asset is (which means its not). 
btw, that transaction cost thing you linked to is simply wrong.


No, because i read more than an introduction to economics and understands what a currency needs to be to fulfill that role.


1) which has NO economic value. We're not talking philosophy here. 
2) the crypo is the solution, not the individual bitcoin. Saying bitcoin is the solution to the Byzantine General's problem is like saying a calculus textbook is the answer to the study of change. bitcoin gets no innate value from the math behind it for the same reason i don't grant a piece of paper value by writing e=mc^2 on it. 
Bitcoin DOES have innate value, its a good enough medium of exchange. but most investors are not using it as such. Its current value is not derived from that. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:14:44


That not remotely an equivalent example. You might as well as say a Cypriot with cash in a deposit box, or a locked safe in a storage facility, or even a mayonnaise jar would still have all their money. 
You're example is not of a banking deposit. Its a "secured holding cash" equivalent. Just like if you put cash in a safe deposit box at a bank, the bank never held your money, there is no "banking" involved.
@_date: 2014-04-16 15:00:48


why? 
do people here not understand what taxation as an economic concept is? How the fuck is taxing for mining with your computer different from taxing you for you renting out your car?  
@_date: 2014-03-14 20:50:21


the fuck?! 
of course things have intrinsic value. A car can drive me around, it does work resulting in economic benefits to me. Shares of a corp has intrinsic value, its provides claim over the corp, its profits and its economic assets. Iron has intrinsic value because it can be used to build a whole bunch of things. 
All those are value intrinsic to the assets in question. 
Even fiat has it, since the intrinsic value is based on governmental guarantee that it will/MUST always be accepted as legal tender. The intrinsic value does not dictate a specific value, but it dictate value exist. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 14:58:08
Yeah, cause just having laws is enough to dissuade criminals.  You obviously don't need enforcement of those laws by any government entity. /s


of course you don't. thats what everyone says. 
Whether you could make the distinction, on the other hand, is an entire matter. companies will not, and could not, disclose everything. Neither could most users, no matter how sophisticated they think they are, understand everything that needs to be known regarding the results of those insurance and audit reports.   
What do you know about operational practices at other exchanges right now? How do you know they don't have flaws? You can't know that information. Thats why regulators exist.
this is not magic pony land of perfect markets, consumers don't have perfect information. Its literally impossible. 
@_date: 2014-08-19 19:53:27


Government fiat are pegged to the economic variables of that country and the government's monetary policies, because by law you can buy their GDP with their currency. The market prices the currency accordingly using those variables. By definition, thats pegging the price to those variables. Even if the magnitude of claims have levels of uncertainty, owning a country's currency still provide a claim on a country's production. 
Bitcoin has no such innate value whatsoever, nor does it provide a claim on anything. It's value is entirely based on future fantasies on adaptation.
 
Just because you don't understand how things work doesn't mean that statement is wrong. 
@_date: 2014-10-03 20:12:35
canada is far more diverse. 
Also why the fuck does the size of the the population remotely matter? 
You're an idiot. 
@_date: 2014-06-16 03:44:44


which directly leads to a bigger difference in expected and realized returns. Because that variance does not disappear with time. It gets reduced, but it NEVER disappear.


This is basic math. It won't. Not in this case. 
**Simple illustration. If you got unlucky and get less bitcoin than you should for difficulty X and 2X (25% chance of this happening), then by the time difficulty gets to 4X you will statistically almost never be able to recoup your losses, no matter how long you proceed to mine afterwards. Any subsequent "good luck" will only return to you a fraction of your initial losses. Which means you need net positive "good luck". Thats not happening.**


NO. this statement is just stupid. If its "to some extent", then its not the same as under constant difficulty.
Under constant difficulty, given long enough period, you will always make up for prior variance. For this situation, you won't. Statistically, you will NEVER make up for prior variances. 
We're not talking about miners in aggregate, we're talking individual miners. Each of them are effectively doing reverse Martingale betting. which means their initial win/loss can never be fully recovered. 
@_date: 2014-10-12 18:48:24


Oh shit, I guess all the people here hoping for the banks to collapse only care about the price too! 
You're statement is retarded. 
@_date: 2014-12-10 21:37:33
and? How has that affected you, or anyone? 
Does the fact that a dollar is is only worth 1/25th as much as a dollar from 1913 mean that households are 1/25th as well off as those in 1913? Or hold 1/25th as much wealth? Are they 1/10th or even 1/2th as well off? 
If no, then whats the point of that statement? Why the fuck does " the dollar loses tremendous value over long periods of time" matter? What is that supposed to show? 
@_date: 2014-03-02 18:34:04


Please answer this question: why will they not engage in fractional reserve banking?
Again, because you can't seem to understand basic english: fractional reserve banking existed prior to regulation, at GREATER and MORE RISKY levels. **Removing regulation will do nothing to reduce fractional reserve banking. It will do the opposite**
The only way to remove fractional reserve banking is literally through harsher regulation.
less regulation = more fractional reserve banking
more regulation = less fractional reserve banking
@_date: 2014-05-22 21:56:10
this is just poor understanding of science. 


All gold on Earth came from asteroids that hit earth on accident **over billions of years**.


yes, because gold obviously exist in pure form within an asteroid. 
@_date: 2014-06-18 22:59:28
sure, by all means ignore the actual argument. 
I didn't call you names, I explained in detail why you deserve to be called those names. But hey, lets act like my argument is based on ad hominem, cause thats much easier than trying to explain the magical "explosive fishing techniques" that Ghash is apparently engaging in. 
@_date: 2014-04-19 13:55:29


fun how? Being intentionally misleading is somehow funny? 
@_date: 2014-05-10 13:56:13


no, but being proven wrong multiple times right here right now should have given you a clue about how stupid your "i know better than most" approach is. As far as empirical evidence is concerned, you simply don't know better, or in some instances, at all.


hitler lost the presidential election, neither did his party gain a majority vote in the federal elections necessarily to form a government. Neither point supports your "most of society opinions can be against their own interests" bullshit. Hitler's rise to power was then facilitated by what essentially amounts to domestic terrorism ending with a coup. After that, elections were a sham with the nazi party as the sole option on the ballot. 
Elections never got hitler to where he wanted to go, the best he could obtain is chancellor, which was, at the point, something like speaker of the senate in the US and a position with fairly weak powers. 70% of germans specifically rejected him as president (the actual equivalent of the US president or other heads of states). He then essentially "stole" more power though violence and intimidation, at the end merging both chancellor and president into fuhrer after the actual president died. 
He is an elected politician who gained power, he was not elected into power. the 2 are entirely different things.
Go get an education and stop assuming you know stuff.
@_date: 2014-07-31 15:53:57


What is this supposed to prove or disprove?. It just shows a bubble is possible. Real price increase does not denote a bubble. A bubble may be happening if real prices are increasing, but a real price increase does not necessarily mean a bubble is happening. We do know, however, that a bubble cannot be happening when real prices are decreasing. 
Real price is a reflection of real market factors (aka intrinsic value) + speculation. You cannot prove the existence of a bubble without showing with reasonable proof that real market factors/intrinsic value changes are not causing the real price to rise. 
None of those things have anything to do with inflation whatsoever, because we're talking **real prices**


looking back at this, it seems to me you don't understand what 'real prices' means. it is not what you're calling value. Real prices is still the market price, just adjusting for inflation, value is independent of that. When real prices &gt; value, you have overpriced assets, when it &gt;&gt; value, you have bubble. Value is the independent variable, real price is the dependent (in the long run). 
@_date: 2014-04-01 15:41:17


Yes. That is exactly the case. It needs to be free (and by free i mean paid for with taxation) in order to maximize positive externalizes. Now, obviously whether this could feasibly be done to be entirely "free" is a different matter. 
The less expensive (relative to quality) it is, the greater the positive externalizes. Countries with high quality + subsidized broadband/optic fiber infrastructure benefits greatly from an economic point of view. There have been tons of studies done about this. Korean/Japan are great examples. 
Your telecom in charge of providing internet is not going to care about 3rd party economic benefits to the economy as a whole, because they can't make $ from that. The gov, on the other hand, can.


This has NOTHING whatsoever to do with the issue. You're failing to grasp what the presence of externalities mean.
The users of internet are not the only ones benefiting. The whole society/economy does. Access to internet is allows for productivity gains in multitude of activities. The benefits of those impacts nondirect users of internet (an example on top of my head: you buying internet for your mobile phone and using it for gps reduces time spent on the road, reduces road wear and tear, reduces congestion that imposes economic penalties on others, reduces pollution. those are not benefits to you, so you won't price them or be willing to pay for them, all those are lost externalities, on an individual basis, they are small, but there are tons of them and they apply to everyone). 
Thats why you internalize the external benefits so that they can be maximized. Individuals paying for the product doesn't price those external benefits into account and less of the service are bought than optimal. 
The exact same applies for roads. People who doesn't drive are still benefiting from better transportation (whether speed or quality). Everything from retail and mail is easier and faster. 
 
@_date: 2014-06-13 00:55:21
Fed owes money to bondholders too. Paying off those loans means putting money back into the system. Everyone is a creditor and debtor at the same time. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 15:04:58


**I JUST ILLUSTRATED HOW THEY GAVE SEA SHELLS VALUE!!!**
They just cannot give them a ***SPECIFIC*** value. Aka they can't make a Lamborghini or seashell worth 10 trillion. 
my example --&gt; they gave currency (sea shells) value
your example --&gt; they failed to give currency (a specific car) a specific value (nor can they give a product a specific value in terms of a currency, its the same concept from the other side of the coin). 
how is this difficult to understand?  
If you can't get this through your head, we have nothing to discuss. 
Yes, I am angry, because you are literally ignorant. I'm (unfortunately just realizing) that this isn't a case of someone with a different view, this is a case of someone 1) not actually know basic macro economics and 2) being thick, intentional or otherwise. 
@_date: 2014-09-26 05:26:35
Except there is no research showing that the effect is in any way significant. 
Government contractor is not a single huge entity benefiting from their position at the top of the totem pole. Neither does government money get spent in a sudden flood as opposed to continuous trickle. Each Contractors benefits only as much as their relative size of the pie, which is insignificant given their size and the fact that they receive the money in a constant flow of payments and thus can't minimize the influence of inflation in any meaningful way, especially given the high velocity of money in a modern economy. 
You have no actual understanding of what ur talking about at all. Economists don't care about it not because they don't understand this amazing insightful theory you read on the internet, it's because they they know better than you and understand why it's largely irrelevant to analysis. 
@_date: 2014-08-15 21:24:53


why should I? I'm not welcomed to this little club unless i'm stoking you dick and whispering sweet sweet nothings about going to the moon? 
you think a giant echoing chamber is healthy? You can close your eyes and pretend to be blind all you want, but I have no obligation to help you hold on to your fragile delusions by not pointing out stuff. 
@_date: 2014-06-05 00:05:49
that is the most stupid shit i've heard on this sub, and this sub is filled with idiots saying stupid shit. Do you not have any remote understand of market efficiency? Or even basic logic? 
I said this once and i will say it again, if someone knows something is going to happen at time X before time X, why the fuck would they not have time to react? 
@_date: 2014-06-17 22:51:50


**you are asking them to raise fees and penalize their customers** because their competitors can't compete. 


because they are better than everyone and getting all the customers? 


yeah, "if you do better than others we will destroy you". Awesome. 
Are you seriously so obtuse you can't see how stupid your comments are? 
@_date: 2014-12-14 04:50:12


yeah, cause this totally hasn't happened to bitcoin before for some other price of $x. 
@_date: 2014-05-09 23:59:24


but the concept of digital payments isn't. thats what he is talking about. 


**This is such bullshit**, of course they could. Streaming huge amounts of information over the internet was not some concept people had difficulty grasping, people just didn't feel the tech would grow fast enough. You really think people who downloaded 320x240 videos didn't think it was possible in future to download better videos at faster speeds? The concept can be found in sci fi movies from the 50s.
In this case, the issues people are having with bitcoin is not based on tech, its based on economics/finance. Its about shit like deflation, or the inbuilt irreversibly, or ease of anonymity. 


And if you tell them the online option would be risk free,faster and items delivered directly to their house withing 2 days, they would jump at the online option. Those people are, again, not idiots. They simply believe, and is correct in believing so, that 1993 tech is not sufficient to address their problems. 
Bitcoin's issues are, again, not tech or logistical related. Its finance/economics related. In fact, they are *old* finance/economic problems that we have have huge amounts of experience with. 
@_date: 2014-04-16 19:37:07


So you believe if your employer pays you in gold instead of usd, you can magically stop paying taxes? 
what exactly is the practical difference between "mining results in usd, then that usd is used to buy bitcoin" and "mining results in bitcoin"? 
**If there are no practical differences to all participants of the transaction at the beginning and end of those 2 scenarios, then by what logic should they, either though the viewpoint of economic theory or tax law, be treated differently? Why should one scenario allow for tax evasion when both the beginning state and end results for both scenarios are literally the exact same?**
Income is income. whether that income is in the form of USD/GBP/Bitcoins/Gold/goods and services is irrelevant. **Taxation is imposed on income**, not on "fiat money given to you". It just happens that the latter is the most common form of income. 
As i've mentioned elsewhere, if you mow someone's lawn for a puppy, that puppy is income for economic activity performed and should be taxed. IRS doesn't because its not practical and not remotely worth the effort. 
You can technically argue that it should only be taxed when its spent (note that the tax we're talking about is income tax, not sales tax), not when its earned, but thats irrelevant and akin to saying your salary should be taxed when you spend it and not when you earn it. From a theory standpoint, its the exact same thing. From a practical standpoint, its simply more feasible/easier to do for the IRS at the time you earn it, both for your normal work income and bitcoins. 
frankly, the fact that everyone didn't start choose to receive income in assets through a bartering system as a form of tax evasion tactic should have clued you in on how flawed your understanding of taxation (both from a legal and economic standpoint) is. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 14:53:44


yes there is.
A pays $50 to B, B pays that $50 he received from A to C. $50 of money just repaid $100 of debt. Money in circulation &lt; debt doesn't matter. 


conceptually, this statement makes zero actual sense. Amount of money is an irrelevant factor for debt repayment. Technically, you can repay everyone's debt with $1 in circulation using the above illustrated method. Its just troublesome. 
@_date: 2014-08-19 13:20:03


If this were what humanity was looking for, we would just have remained on the gold standard. This is literally the description for a currency pegged to gold. 
We left the gold standard for a reason. 
@_date: 2014-12-28 17:18:27
or you can just use a password. 
does this shave a few seconds off? Yes. Is it pointless? Yes. 
@_date: 2014-05-10 05:34:04
because half the people here claiming bitcoin is awesome and will replace traditional banking don't have a remote clue how banking or financial system even works. 
@_date: 2014-07-31 17:14:00
so we're back to just spending fiat instead of bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 18:19:00
He might not understand bitcoin's tech, but at the end of the day its irrelevant. 
At most, you can argue that Bitcoin's **tech** has some innate value, but individual bitcoins still don't. 
The information contained in a calculus textbook has innate value. A piece of paper with that information written down doesn't. Neither does a completed calculus question. Same theory applies.


no, a bitcoin does no such thing. the bitcoin protocol does. This is like arguing my calculus textbook  provides a technical solution to questions involving rates of change. An individual bitcoin is just a representation of spent computing power (which has no innate value either, cause its spent, its not like you can redeem it back, i feel the need to point this out before idiots start howling "computing power has innate value")
that bitcoin protocol, as knowledge, has value. But its a public good. Anyone can use it, its infinitely reproducible. Why do you think dodgecoin exist? 
At the end of the day, the individual bitcoin you get from utilizing that knowledge + computing power  has no innate value. Just like how solutions to calculus questions my computer solved has no innate value. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 15:15:07


how does this remotely matter? 
I don't even know how to reply to this, because it has no relevance to this discussion. 


yes, just like literally every other asset. This does not a currency make. Thats why my shares in apple are not currency. Or my beanie babies. 
No one is arguing bitcoin has no value. Literally no one. Not one eocnomist, not one layman. Not me. Its worth 600+ usd right now. Its a product with a demand. Whether its a currency is another different matter entirely. Same for OP's crap about all currencies being abstract. That statement being bullshit don't conflict with bitcoin having value.
@_date: 2014-11-25 15:18:03
He is. They all are. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 17:15:47
this sub is hilarious. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 20:42:23


the issue is *why??*
there is no reason whatsoever for the business to be engaging in that venture. Again, if shareholders want to try and invest in bitcoin, they are much better served doing it themselves and tailoring their exposure to whatever they each personally want to. Why should the business to be engaging in an activity that its far beyond its scope? Its a retailer, it sells stuff.  If someone invests in overstock.com etc, they are investing in online electronic retail, not bitcoin. 


It is exactly that. And if it were a sole proprietorship, that fine. But those businesses aren't. The point is that they shouldn't BE engaging in hedging *investment*. 


its not that there is a downside, its that there is no upside whatsoever. This action adds no value to shareholders. They can perform the activity much better themselves. 


I'm not too certain on the details, but even for a 1 man start up, you absolutely have to pay taxes. You can choose to try and evade taxes through bitcoin the same way you could through cash (and you might succeed), but thats an entirely different matter. Legally, bitcoin doesn't provide you with tax benefits. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:12:39


No. They would lost it all. Thats the whole point. Lenders of last resort is an insurance system. If their funds were all in bitcoin, then it would literally be *exactly* like MtGox. 
The fact that cyprus' depositors got screwed over when they could not find a lender of last resort illustrates the fundamental issues with bitcoin. At least they had a chance at the time for a lender to come through, what chance would have been zero with bitcoins. Lenders of last resort does work out for most of these situations. Relative to the crisis, Cyprus is the one of the exceptions as opposed to the rule. 
@_date: 2014-05-27 18:19:29


the guy with infinite wealth. Which can simulated by the house through control of the max bet size. 
@_date: 2014-05-30 17:59:48


Its called hedging. 


this does not negate the need, nor the value, of hedging activities. Even if you have absolute confidence on your valuations, markets are irrational and can continue to be irrational for a long time. 
Also, there are unknown unknowns. Your valuation of your valuation is hardly infallible. Ignoring its potential existence is hardly logical.  
@_date: 2014-03-16 02:26:27


Guess what we call this sort of movement if it had happened to other real currencies? A fucking financial crisis. 
@_date: 2014-10-29 14:34:00


Hence him saying 'we'.... 
We doesn't mean you and him, it means him and buttcoiners. Learn to read. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 18:18:19
A money supply of X currency would be denoted in that currency. We're talking bitcoin's value in USD. 
@_date: 2014-10-14 21:03:50
Except out there in the world, there are potentially limitless number of other base metals with the exact same properties,only in a different shade of grey.
That argument you cited is for the economic value of blockchain technology (which does not translate into financial value, since it's a public good in the form of free knowledge), it's not for the financial value of a specific blockchain in particular. It's even more irrelevant if you're arguing that the financial value of a specific blockchain will be represented though the pricing of the relevant cryptocurrency.  
@_date: 2014-05-11 16:34:16
at the end of the day, usage/new adoption and speculative hoarding are the only drivers of price. If buying &amp; selling stops, it means both are down.
@_date: 2014-06-28 06:28:02


depends on what they are willing to pay. If its less than market, then the answer to that question is ZERO.


**They would have already seeked it out through other means**
Their demand, if it were relevant ( which depends on their price preference), would already have had an influence on market price. 


I can argue by showing why, from an economics standpoint, the assumptions for your theory is retarded. Proving you wrong doesn't need that I give any prediction of my own. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 15:01:40


except the government EXIST. We're not talking about a hypothetical world without government. We're talking about people living in X countries, with a functioning government. 
Thats the whole point. You don't get to make your argument feasible by changing reality. 
@_date: 2014-08-17 19:45:10
Everything else you've said is either conceptually wrong or entirely irrelevant to the discussion at hand.


Yes, it's tied to the MS. No, it's not upper bound by the MS. MS is fixed, velocity is not. Velocity changes. 


this does not come from that. This has nothing to do with that. 
Also, the same issue exist for all currencies. It just implies velocity is a function of the economy's wellbeing, it doesn't provide any info on how velocity differ for different currencies. 


Do you know what "arbitrarily" means? "arbitrarily large" makes no sense in this context. 
Also, even if it does limit velocity, it doesn't imply that it limits it to the same velocity as it is that now. It doesn't even imply that the limit is meaningful enough to be a factor in this discussion. You don't need infinite velocity as a condition. 
@_date: 2014-05-16 21:17:18


if they can do it at no cost to themselves any time they want, then them not having done so *yet* is hardly an issue or barrier to bitcoin remittance. the bitcoins can just be sold and usd amount transferred to their actual bank accounts. 
this sub is full of circlejerk, but this isn't it.
@_date: 2014-06-13 16:15:10


Its used twice. Only one person ends up with the money. 
Those 2 statements are not conflicting in any way. 
I spend 1 bitcoin. I retain that bitcoin to be spent again. I spend that bitcoin again, using it twice. 
for all intends and purposes, all bitcoins I own have double the purchasing power of bitcoins everyone else owns. Its like $1 bills magically turning into $2 bills when they enter your hand and turning back into $1 bills after you spent them as $2. If I take a snap shot of money supply at any one time, all your $1 bills are equivalent to $2 and money supply is bigger than if you hold no bills.
@_date: 2014-05-28 18:29:07


So what? Money has more than one function. Just because bitcoin as an advantage in a single specific function does not automatically make it better overall. He never claimed bitcoin isn't a better transaction medium, he only claimed its a better money, which involves other aspects like store of value.
Fiat is an even better transaction medium, since it can be used when there is no internet, does that mean its better than bitcoins? 
@_date: 2014-04-01 04:24:14


the act of NOT making roads public access severely limits their positive externalities. which in turn makes it far less economical to make them in the first place.  
this is literally the sort of debate first year students have with their lecturers for econs 101. 
@_date: 2014-08-20 02:34:32
Is it really that difficult to understand my point without arguing semantics? Pegged can mean "based value on" in the general sense as just well as being a specific economic term. I can absolutely say the market pegs "stock prices to the financials of the company". No one with half a brain will be confused. Same theory applies.


Looking at the context, did you really need to to explicitly specify that pegged doesn't mean pegged to another specific asset? Or that for any floating currency the "pegging" (in layman useage) is done by the market? 
stop being intentionally obtuse. If the best thing you can bring up against my point is some semantics regarding the use of a specific word, you've just announcing to the world you have no better alternative against the meat of my actual argument. 
either address the flaws in my point about fiat being valued by the market based on the underlying economic factors of the relevant country or fuck off. 
Not only is knowing basic economic jargon is not actually impressive, not realizing it can have a less restrictive meaning in other contexts is pitiful. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 18:28:55
Spend less time writing and more time reading what was wrote. I never assumed that double spending resulted in new bitcoin creation to begin with. 


**This does not matter in any way**. everything I wrote up till this point explained why that's the case. 
If you can infinitely spend a single bitcoin, then money supply is effectively infinite because the effective value of your bitcoin holdings is infinity. Since you're a market participant, money supply includes the purchasing power of your holdings. Normally we don't distinct between purchasing power of money and money, because a $1 bill is viewed to always have the same purchasing power relative to a $1 by definition. Thats not the case for infinite double spending. 
the fact that the inflation is not permanent does not matter. You're creating a permanent state of "temporary" inflation through your actions.  
Reread what i wrote previously if you still don't get why. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 18:54:33


And where did I require this condition to be true? you're arguing against a strawman.


So what? Your existence is beside the point. So long as there are other people like me, we can trade at high speed amongst ourselves. At a given price you will eventually achieve an optimal holding amount and effectively turn into a nonparticipant, normally, thats bad, since price needs to change to induce you to go back to being a participant. However, when there are sufficient % of people using it for transactions, you becoming a nonparticipant doesn't matter anymore and there is no need for prices to change to induce you to come back.
and just by virtue of me using AAPL in that way, AAPL will have a huge amount of extra liqudity compared to its current state. 
You don't need *everyone* to be doing it, you just need enough people to. Right now, for any asset being traded on the floor in your previous analogy, the percentage of users using that asset as a transaction mechanism would be close to zero. That wont be the case for bitcoin. Which makes you comparison entirely useless. 
If total market cap increase by 100%, and transaction: holding ratio becomes 50-50. Thats a 10x increase in liquidity with just a 2x increase in market cap. If the transaction: holding ratio becomes 90-10, thats a 18x increase. Thats 18*6b = 108b effective market cap worth of liquidity, using current market cap as the baseline measurement of liqudity.
@_date: 2014-05-31 21:08:21


This distinction does not exist. A gold standard is equivalent. Gold back currency is, for all intends and purposes, equivalent to using gold coins so long as the institution can prove its reserves (and under gold standard, they should). 
Using your logic, ANY hard currency instantly turns into soft currency the moment you deposit/store it anywhere. Since the act of redemption makes it "soft". 


And a 1oz. gold backed equivalent is the exact same because it is, for all effective purposes, 1 oz. of gold, since you can exchange it for that. 


This is simply bullshit. There is no such definition.  
@_date: 2014-05-09 21:05:47


If course you do, you get to drop CC/paypal. Its just like any other retail only accepting cash.
If you lose business because of that, thats because your opinions and beliefs conflicts with that of your customers. Free market magic. 
your customers want X. You either give it to them or they go elsewhere. This how capitalism works. you don't get to whine that not offering X shouldn't cost you business. Neither is the decision a "better" alternative though any objective measure.
What we have here, is you believing free market should allow you to do business the way you want to, yet can't grasp the idea that the same free market allows consumers to do business the way they want. You want to do things without negative repercussions, thats not how free market works.


also, same is absolutely true for business. 
If a business scams a consumer, consumer have the choice not to buy from them in future. If a consumer reverse a charge, the business have the choice to do the same. In fact, most business do. 
your whole argument is contingent upon the idea that consumers already have more power than sellers, thats dubious at best, even relative to smaller retailers. 
@_date: 2014-05-27 18:13:34
says the guy who doesn't understand what Occam's Razor even is. 
@_date: 2014-08-20 13:17:33


Not when everyone else in the economy is investing and earning a higher rate of return. Purchasing power is relative. !0 years from now, if your $10 of purchasing power is turned into $20 of purchasing power and everyone else's $10 of purchasing power turned into $40 (as a combination of natural deflation + investment returns). You now have half the purchasing power. 


because this will NOT happen in an efficient market. It's not possible. It's the same reason why investing in in identical denoted investment asset and yuan denoted investment asset will end up being the exact same in returns. Inflation rate of the currency is built into returns. 
The theory applies for a pair of deflationary &amp; inflationary currency the same way it does for a pair of currencies with different inflation rates. The latter's relationship can be observed directly on the markets in the real world. 


It absolutely does. Or people would be making risk free profits with arbitrage. 


because thats zero risk. 
Not even sure what your point even is for this. 
@_date: 2014-04-03 14:54:03


and you just came to this conclusion HOW? Why are you presuming the value of labor productivity for all debtors is lower than total interest rate? 
@_date: 2015-05-30 15:04:09


you mean you CAN'T sell it and pay the mortgage? 


again, you are mixing unit of measure with assets. **money as units of measure CYCLES**. It's their job. Even in the wholly unrealistic scenario of "everyone paying everyone at the same time", money would still be able to cycle through. Everyone owes everyone else money and everyone needs to spend money.
Again, a single dollar can repay all loans in the world through cycling. This is not a hypothesis, this is fact. It's theory in the sense that it's difficult to pull off and not a realistic way to do anything, but it's not theory in the sense that we are uncertain to it's possibility.


this is money as a unit of measure. money as a unit of measure cycles. You WILL be able to turn assets into any given unit of measure. How much there are of that unit doesn't matter. You don't need money = loan for money to work as a unit of measure. 
**The clearest example I can give you this this. The top 3-5 largest US companies has more value than usd in circulation. It doesn't mean that they are unbuyable if they form a conglomerate (omg there is less money than the value of those companies, how can anyone buy them???!!! IT'S IMPOSSIBLE!!!)** Thats not how money as a unit of measure works. 


this is not a bankruptcy. This is a forced repayment. It's no different then sizing money when you refuse to pay it but has it. The entity sizing assets will then sell it for money. It's no different then if you sold it for money yourself, kept the money, refused to give it to them and they sizing the money. 
You don't have an education in economics or finance. You don't know what you don't know. Stop pretending you do. Accept the fact that you can be ignorant regarding a topic you have no education in. Read through what i wrote. Its clear enough in addressing everything you said that you continuous disbelief is either stupidity or obtuseness. 


everything i wrote before already addressed this. Stop chewing on to this point like a dog. It doesn't matter. **The statement might be technically true from a linguistic point of view (not an economic pov), but the conclusion you are drawing from it is not**. Because you can't differentiate between money as store of value and money as a unit of measure and have no grasp of the mechanism of in which money flows through an economy. 
This is why that whole money &lt; loans bullshit attracts so much idiots. That statement is at the same time true in a way that an layman can understand, but also false in a way only someone who actually knows finance/economics can identify. 
@_date: 2014-07-20 04:04:31


why? 


what? The same amount of fraud happens. best case scenario, any equilibrium will result in the same end revenue. If the demand is not perfectly inelastic (it's not gonna be, unless you're selling meth), merchants lose more because you can't just dump CC cost increase onto consumers. 


1) you are also pushing all customers that prefers the existence of customer protection off onto them
2) why would scammers care for lowered prices and scam your competition more? they are not going to pay. 


1) i'm just gonna point out you lower prices are not undercutting anything. You're just offering less by eliminating customer protection. A car without warranty is not undercutting one with warranty, same principle applies. 
2) implementing bitcoin payment system is not something with a huge barrier to entry. The moment the advantages becomes significant, your competition will just do it themselves and eliminate any advantages you had, Something your competition can implement anytime at a insignificant cost will never be a competitive advantage
@_date: 2014-05-26 15:54:50


then it boils down you not understanding the variables. 
In this case, the situation is identical to observed actions of transactions between other high value customers and exchanges. If you assume that to be true (and if you know enough about high value customers are treated, you shouldn't), "Karpeles did everything itself" is not an elimination of variable, its a complication and addition of variables. 
you are assuming the similarities between the current observation and historical evidence is irrelevant and that there is criminal activities going on. All those are additional assumptions that adds variables, not eliminate them. 
@_date: 2014-05-16 20:54:16


security being more important doesn't mean insurance is irrelevant. Insurance is only irrelevant when security is 100% unbreakable from  every possible facet. Its not.
Stop being dumb.  


wow, i just realized you don't even understand what insurance is. 
the whole point of insurance is that **another company** will pay if they pull a mtgox and go bankrupt. 
if you buy life insurance, did you think you are going to be the one to pay your family if you die?
@_date: 2014-04-04 03:57:36


1) so? 
2) why? Your employer owes you for every minute of work you do, does he pay you minute by minute, or hour by hour? Why does money need to change hands really fast? Why can't people just record down and do it lump some periodically?
I work for 40 hours a week, i'm owed $10/hr*40=400 
My interest is 200 a week. I get $400 from my employer pay $200 a week. Alternatively, if i'm paying for interest with my labor, i just take $200 a week and choose how much to pay in interest.
how the fuck is this a difficult concept? 
OMG! Math Magic!!! 
@_date: 2014-05-11 15:40:53


no, less merchant cost for using bitcoin than a system that offers consumer protection. Fiat has nothing to do with it.


relative to what? the system they already integrated? 




as far as steam is concerned, irrelevant. 


@_date: 2014-08-19 14:48:03


this is an idiots evaluation, with zero understanding of what actually happened. Fractional banking has jack shit to do with gold standard and existed under the system as as it does under fiat. It even existed when currency used was literally gold. Wars are ultimately still going to be paid with goods and services produced, printing money is irrelevant. 


even ignoring the above points, the fact that gold standard already fulfills the criteria for the thing humanity is looking for makes your point about bitcoin moot. It's not some spacial snowflake of a currency, it's rehashing of something we already have access to and choose not to use. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 20:47:46


How the fuck is empirical proof from direct observation not an argument? 


No, empirical observation has shown that log scales are inaccurate when applied to such a setting. this has nothing to do with his preferences. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 03:06:28


All those are mostly related to coin production/design and have absolutely shit to do with monetary policies or banking. Things like "policy formulation" refers to policies regarding the mint's activities, which have almost nothing to do with anything of relevance for the purpose of bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-04-22 17:45:38


for ETF to enter market, aggregate market value just have to be bigger than ETF value
for ETF to not have feedback problems, aggregate market value just have to be *much much bigger* than ETF value
@_date: 2014-04-16 17:40:31


**THE CAR IS YOUR INCOME**
Income isn't just limited to "fiat money given to you". ANY reward you get for an economically productive activity is, by economic definition, income. The only difference is whether IRS can practically assess and tax it. If I pay you to mow my lawn and that payment is a puppy, that puppy is, from an economic standpoint, your income. Its should be taxed. 
In practice, they aren't able to. And it frankly doesn't matter enough to be worthwhile. Doesn't mean they shouldn't. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 14:04:15


No. It hasn't. 
What IS currency changed, its definition didn't. Because its a concept of an item that needs to fulfill a task. That task never changed, so its definition never did. The fact that the actual item in question can changed is precisely the reason why governmental guarantee of fiat matters. 
Bitcoin, **in its current form**, is nowhere close to being a currency. 
@_date: 2015-05-21 16:26:21
He isn't trying to be helpful, he is pointing out your analogy was dumb. Which it is. 
@_date: 2014-08-18 15:25:03
You want another list of all investment instruments that people could keep their savings as? 
Not to mention to the vast majority of potential users, thats is all cryptocurrencies are. Tinfoil hates are not common streetwear. 
@_date: 2014-12-11 03:47:22


and this great insight would be useful if poeple actually used cash to store value and wealth. Except they don't, which is why your whole $1 = $25 bullshit is entirely irrelevant when actually applied to the real world.  
@_date: 2014-05-07 04:53:03


The first sentence's validity doesn't not make the second sentence valid. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 15:53:30


Double spending is essentially inflation through counterfeit. Through the ability to double spend, they inflated the money supply with X amount of coins, where X is the amount of coins they have at any single point in time. They create 1 extra virtual bitcoin for every 1 bitcoin they own. 
@_date: 2014-05-25 20:17:10


so price going down is a sign of decline, it it "crashing", of everyone making losses? 


The point is that its not really good news. From an investment standpoint, there is nothing to be too happy about.  There are people hating "on people's happiness", as you've put it, because its irrational. 
@_date: 2014-04-23 22:05:35


Obviously life is going to be more difficult for an individual when any service provider choose not to provide you with their service. This matters to his point how? 
@_date: 2014-05-27 19:08:04


Our issue has never been with this, it has been with the claim that 


trustless decentralised fair gambling does not in any way mean you will eventually break even if you bet long enough. 
@_date: 2014-05-27 18:26:09


and i'm pointing out why your words are thus misleading at best, and ignorant at worse. Because you can't/aren't differentiating the 2 entirely different things and trying to make a point based on the fact that linguistically they share the same descriptor name.  
Stop being a twat. You not saying "financial" is not a pro to your point. Its a sign you don't have a fucking clue what you're talking about in the first place. 
@_date: 2014-05-23 16:43:34
1) thats not evidence of anything
2) 


then its about inflation, because thats what the issue leads to. Go learn some basic economics. 
@_date: 2014-08-11 15:02:01


If you're getting every technical aspect wrong, you have no point. Because the things you're saying makes no sense. 


**None of this things has anything to do with the existence of inflation.** Inflation did not cause downward pressure for upward mobility (thats the labor force market place changing), it's not the reason why things require loans (thats real income not keeping up with real costs). Inflation has jack shit to do with any of that. You think 3% per 
Life screwed you over, thats unfortunate, but inflation does not magically cause every ill in the world. Factors resulting in those issues are not contingent on inflation in any way, they would exist with or without it. Blaming things that have nothing to do with inflation on inflation is not just ignorant, it's counterproductive since you're ignoring the real reason. 
Frankly, this would be abundantly clear if you actually understood "technical aspects" of economics.
@_date: 2014-10-08 18:51:20
Pretty much this 95 percent of the time
@_date: 2014-05-10 04:37:00


Most of society believes return of stolen goods to rightful owners is exactly that.
You can choose to believe otherwise, but your decision and viewpoint is just as arbitrary from the viewpoint of  minarchists. Being a Minarchists doesn't in any way act as a justification that consumers are the ones who should shoulder the burden.
Since we live in a free market economy, consumers get to choose retailers based on who offers products/services they want. You can still follow your own views and drop CC/paypal, but don't expect free market not to punish you. Consumers have every right to bring their business elsewhere if they see you don't offer CC/paypal protections. 
you don't get to tell you customers to fuck off in event of fraud and expect them not to behave differently, neither do you get to pretend fraud isn't happening just because you choose to tell the defrauded to fuck off. 
Half of this subreddit is intentionally obtuse with this concept: the vast majority of consumers don't care about anonymity, they want safeguards and protection. the 2 are mutually exclusive conflicting goals. 


also, just an addon, its the merchant's problem because he got defrauded. If I got defrauded for $10, I don't get to hold on to someone else's $10 as replacement. I only get it back if the fraudster gets caught and my $10 recovered.
@_date: 2014-08-18 21:59:40
then they will go to jail. 
you think overstock/dell/whatever &amp; whomever will still take in bitcoin when it's banned through legislation in the US? 
The fact that it might survive as an underground black market currency used for niche purposes doesn't matter. It would still be effectively dead.
@_date: 2014-05-10 12:18:25


Thats going to be the consequence if you don't talk to them becuase of AML/tax evasion reason. how the fuck is telling you that extreme?  


people have already told you, it has nothing to do with bitcoin. the point is that **they dont know its bitcoin**.
@_date: 2014-03-02 14:49:58


Of course they are. Thats basic operations auditing. Its bitocoin version of checking assets on balance sheets exist and ensuring infrastructure are in place that allow those assets to be accessed. Financial institutions, currently, have that requirement imposed on them. They need to show that 1) they have access to X amt of assets they say they do and that operations relating to storing/retrieval of those assets are in place and in working order.
if the exchanges can come up with operational rules regarding cold wallet storage, then regulators can do the same, especially since regulators traditionally base it on best versions of best practice of individual firms.


best practices are what the industry views as the best practice at any given point in time. Not theoretical best practice that will be best practice forever. 
By definition, there is ALWAYS a best practice.  


wtf sort of argument is this? You think financial institutions like banks don't have operational security issues? 


Thats what regulation is. 
**You're literally arguing that regulation is useless if regulation does not happen.**  No shit sherlock.  
things cold wallet practices can absolutely be regulated. I can tell you exactly how it will go down. The regulatory agency is going to look at practice of every exchange, then find an independent panel to evaluate whether there are other aspects that can be improved or were overlooked. Then take that information and craft a minimum guideline. At worse, it will ensure the exchanges are following the practice of the exchange with the current best-est best practice. 
"this is how exchange A - Z handle cold storage operations. C and F does it the best. Additionally, our people identified a few really low probability scenarios that could nevertheless fk things up. i've combined everything, now send a message to all A - Z and tell them to start doing, at minimum, all this stuff. Check ups and audits will be every 3-6 mth."
regulators are not going to be bureaucrats who don't know what bitcoins are. They are going to be people who's whole job consist if studying bitcoin related issues, operations or financial, keeping themselves informed on news relating to the industry and having a line of dialogue open with the institutions can tell them what they believe the most pressing issues are. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 13:19:19


No. The floor he is talking about is the MINIMUM equilibrium as determined by the demand/supply. Because there will always be demand due to its industrial use, hence there will be a price floor.
value can drop to zero. Intrinsic value cannot. 


No, its value independent of *current market*. Or alternatively, its a value independent of *market conditions*. Aka, no matter what condition the market is in, market will always give it a minimum value. 
price is based on demand, but demand could change. Intrinsic value based on a minimum possible demand. Its the minimum guaranteed value. 
Everything you've said on this topic is wrong. 
@_date: 2014-12-28 17:16:02


which could either disappear or move on to another crypto. This statement in no way implies btc wont be supplanted by some other cryptocoin.
@_date: 2014-06-27 19:56:49


and this is proof those investment funds are not looking for a quick arbitrage profit how exactly?


Unless you actually know what residual demand is. 
He is acting like residual demand is suddenly a new factor after the auction, instead of it having been a factor influencing price from day 1 of bitcoin market's existence (including right now, one day ago, one week ago and one month ago). Residual demand would only decrease after this auction, compared to anytime before the auction.
@_date: 2014-08-24 17:10:26
mining at a loss means miner are paying EXTRA for coins. It doesn't push down price. Your logic is entirely flawed. You never took into account the impact of how the miner mining at a loss is affecting other miners and the subsequent impact on pricing. the more you mine, the less others mine due to harder difficulty. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 18:32:20
I don't know which institute you're referring to with "UO", but i assure you MIT does it more/better.
@_date: 2014-04-23 22:46:29


again, so? 
what are you arguing here? that the gov is right to use its powers to force a private company to offer its services? 
Cause I have zero problems with that. But you're opening  a whole can of worms about gov power and influence on free market in general and bitcoin related issues in particular. 
My next argument is going to be that if gov has justification to ensure citizens can get a bank account from a private service provider, they have a similar justification in the same name of social good to ensure that financial services utilizing bitcoins are regulated and that laws (tax evasion, money laundering, whatever the fuck) are not broken. That includes interfering in private companies like bitcoin related businesses. 
@_date: 2014-03-17 18:01:50


you know what has the *exact same adverse impact* as wild inflation/deflation? 
wild jumps in price. Sort sort that goes from 400 to 700 to 500 within a few months
@_date: 2014-03-16 02:18:49


he specifically talked about the technology aspects and not at all aboutthe economic/financial viability, thats pretty "distinguishing". Its the equivalent of talking about how a company has set up a great logistics network, while choosing not to mention the viability of the product in any way.  
@_date: 2014-05-27 18:08:51


It does not matter in the slightest. It will only affect how long it takes before you lose it all. Given sufficient time, you will go broke no matter what value X is.  
In fact, a static X% will guarantee you losing. 




@_date: 2014-06-13 18:47:35


money supply is not the supply of bills. money supply is the supply of relative purchasing power provided by bills. Thats why a $10 bill counts for 10x that of a $1 bill, even though they may be physically identical. We don't make this distinction explicitly because up till now, its impossible to separate the 2. , by definition, $1 bill always = $1 purchasing power. Impossible for it not to.
Unstoppable double spending allows that relationship to break. $1 bill now has $1*(however many times you tend to double spend) purchasing power. that increased relative purchasing power counts when calculating money supply. 


**A double spending is when i make a counterfeit 100 dollar bill, use it, then have the fake bill be destroyed, then recreate that fake bill and put it into my possession (so long as i have $100 real dollar bill, double spending is always possible, thus i can create a fake $100 bill instantly).** the fake bill is, for all intends and purposes, in pseudo-existence within my wallet. Its not there normally, but its there whenever i want/need it.
As far as inflation is concerned, it makes no difference whether the fake bill exist in other people's wallets or exist in perpetuity in mine. Money supply is still bloated by $100, because that fake $100 still exists and can  be used. 
@_date: 2014-05-15 14:37:39


seeing as, by law, its NOT a contract. Its not remotely enforceable from a legal standpoint. This is like saying a written iou on a napkin is contract. 


no, because there is consumer protection involved. there is limited anonymity and *both of you entered an actual legally enforceable contract upon signing the papers for the car purchase*
@_date: 2014-05-28 18:22:25
Exactly. Does the author expect the company to sell 1lb of gold for 0.9lb of gold? Or maybe they should charge you 1.1lb of gold for 1lb?
the gold being sold are products. The need cash to conduct business and pay salaries. If they wanted to keep the gold, they won't be selling it as product in the first place. Whatever amount of gold/silver they need, they already have. 
@_date: 2014-07-10 16:15:21
absolute decentralization is not a magical solution to the worlds ills. Centralization has it own benefits. 
You can very well believe decentralization is great, others don't. Having multiple different products to cater to different needs and demands is the whole point. 
@_date: 2014-12-15 16:21:23
doesn't understand how floating currencies work. What a surprise. 
@_date: 2015-05-10 17:09:34


And what is the basis of that legal enforcement? Men with balloons? 


So? 


why? The debate is about value. not about intrinsic rights of individuals vs the collective. As far as value goes, its irrelevant. being voluntary does not intrinsically add economic value vs a system where participation is enforced. There are more than enough examples of non voluntary adherence to laws being a net beneficial. 


Again, this **is a non factor**. The discussion here, as with the one Krugman engaged in, is with the value of the  currency. Not with what you think the extent of individual freedom should be. Your argument for the value individual freedom bitcoin brings is an arbitrary opinion. You think it adds value, there are others who think it doesn't. There are yet others who think it reduces value. 


You have no fucking clue what you're talking about if you think wall street is suing US dollar as investment vehicle. They are investing in loans to the government and differences in exchange rates between currencies. Not currencies in and of itself. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 15:17:16
i remember reading someone here trying to justify the hits as self defence. Apparently, if you commit a victimless crime and someone tries to snitch on you, he is threatening your life as you know it and killing him is no different from self defence and is perfectly justified. 
this sub is hilarious sometimes 
@_date: 2014-05-10 05:00:30


what 2 wrongs? They are reversing 1 wrong while causing another. Its an arbitrary decision, but the alternative is also an arbitrary decision, Neither can be justified to be morally better. 
In such a case, democracy gets the limelight. 


No, the THIEF is has stolen from the merchant. If the merchant's goods can be found, it will be returned. Just like how the initial fraud's victim's property is returned. *There is no difference between how the defrauded merchant and defrauded consumer are treated.*
@_date: 2014-07-24 23:48:39


where exactly did coin base say they are providing you the service of a place to keep a confidential comments for your own eyes only? Just because you're stupid enough to presume coinbase is providing a service they never claimed to provide doesn't mean they are actually obliged to provide it. 
@_date: 2014-05-28 19:44:28


And all of this are your opinions. Which fine. Just like what he said were his opinions. He values gold's advantage as a store of value more than bitcoin's ease of usage and believes it to be better money. Thats an opinion. 
If you're going to support OP's claim that his words are hypocritical, then you need to find fault in the *consistency of his logic*. the fact that you 2 have different opinions is irrelevant. What you think doesn't matter. He is the one running the business. So long as he is running it in a way thats consistent with his beliefs, OP's insinuations are just is just shitposting. 
@_date: 2014-04-16 20:11:11


the question is: why shouldn't you? 
Seriously, ask yourself that question. Taxation is the government taking a faction of whatever wealth you manage to obtain throughout your life as reparations for services rendered (running the system for modern society/market to function and exist) and making sure its still there for future generations. *I'm gonna just assume you're not a crazy libertarian "tax=theft!" dude* 
**Why would asset you found magically immune to that social/legal/economic (however you wanna describe it) contract just because you found it instead of worked for it?**
What logic allows you to go from "I didn't work for this, i just found it" to "it shouldn't be taxed"? I seriously don't get this. What exactly is the basis that leads people to think the latter when the former is true? 
@_date: 2014-05-11 16:26:50


No. Individually, no operator or user are incentivized because of the free rider problem, even if in aggregate the whole market is better off. 


and who exactly is going to be in charge of the job of identifying them?
@_date: 2014-07-30 15:30:05


If no value is added, why are you performing the transaction converting fiat to bitcoin? 
There are reasons why a VAT tax on bitcoin is stupid, but your argument isn't part of those. The main argument should be that gold was given a special exempt status, and thus so should bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-06-12 17:36:59
repayment for labor  IS debt repayment. You used your labor to cause the buyer of labor to incur a debt to you. Turning an asset you own into a debt obligation owed to you (sell a $100 car to someone) and turning labor you performed into a debt obligation owed to you (work X hours to produce $100 worth of work for someone) is the same conceptually. Your ability to work is an economic asset. Selling it for debt is no different then selling any other asset (house, commodities, money) for debt.
Think of work as you building a $100 car and selling it for a debt obligation. Its the same as having a $100 car and selling it to someone and asking them to pay you through a financing plan.
Also, you're not talking about the same thing we are. You being in net negative wealth mode when the "everyone repay everything right now" thing is happening is not a flaw of the mechanism itself. Its just a reflection on the required adjustment period for such a drastic shock to the economy. 
Hell, if you want to be mindlessly drastic, you can go a step further and dictate that "all debt must be returned in a single simultaneous transaction by all parties" and negate that example i gave for $50 worth of money repaying $100 worth of debt. You should be able to see why thats not just stupid, but also beside the point.
@_date: 2014-04-17 15:50:57


that was the implication of your words, whether you did it intentionally or is just bad at communication is irrelevant. 


It wont have significant no matter which billionaire you change the name to. this is the equivalent of me throwing $5 into buying lottery, except lottery for investors like him is high risk assets. 
Have some concept of scale, its 2.7m in total from a whole bunch of investors. 2.7m might be a big deal to you, it isnt to him, especially since its part of a fund, which means he probably won't have directly been involved with the analysis and decision anyways (almost certainly not if his involvement is, as stated previously, just one part of 0.7m). 
@_date: 2014-07-10 17:09:52


It allows for transaction. there, bullet avoided. Then it eventually turned evolved, due to a multitude of reasons you can find on Wikipedia yourself, into fiat, backed by laws that give those fiat currency value. 


If you think this is relevant to the topic, then I don't have the time needed to teach you what you need to know to get why this statement is stupid. 


It can be blasted out of existence by people moving away from bitcoin and into a fiat based system like realcoin. Because in aggregate, no one cares about the "keep money as alternative crypto currency" aspect just like no one cares about hiding gold in a hole. 
Blockchain goes to where network is going, not the other way round. 


**You: You're making the mistake of thinking "most people" determine the value of currencies. Traders do.**
I'm sorry, am i supposed to think you think transaction cost is part of "Value"? did I give you too much credit? 
@_date: 2014-07-10 16:34:06
because new regulations takes time to implement, but not forever. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 17:57:58


jesus christ the ignorance. Having the money and having the liquidity to deal with a suddenly 90% withdrawal of all assets are 2 entirely different things. 
@_date: 2014-08-15 22:48:46


And i love rebuttals without the bullshit delusion and ignorance, too bad for the both of us. 


choose not to be part of a blind cult, but to actually learn things. 
@_date: 2014-10-07 20:15:24
Because obviously without money people don't need to work. 
@_date: 2014-06-05 16:33:52
congrats, you are so stupid you can't make a distinction between a bailout and inflation. you think a bailout isn't possible when using a deflationary currency or a hard currency? You think using a deflationary currency prevents the government's from financing activities though debt? 
We're comparing inflation to deflation, not "giving a bailout" and "not giving a bailout". One is a monetary policy, the other is fiscal decision.
@_date: 2015-05-21 16:47:41


No they aren't, thats alt coins. Companies believe they can leverage blockchain tech for other purposes, be it trading or clsoed system ledger, without giving a fuck how bitcoin turns out. Whether they believe bitcoin itself is useful or not is irrelevant. 
this whole topic is just shitpost. ignoring how comparable internet/intranet  vs bitcoin/blockchain is, the whole analogy is shit because companies DO build internal Internets. the dumbass is just too stupid to realize that simply because we refer to it by a different name. 
@_date: 2014-03-16 02:27:41


the fact that extreme numbers exists is in and itself a big issue when you talk about whether bitcoin is viable as a currency. 
trends are not good enough for a currency. low variance is. 
@_date: 2014-08-15 21:16:06
cryptocurrency always have very serious huge potential as payment mechanism/ for transaction purposes. I've make that same sentiment known multiple times on this sub. there is a reason a bunch of VC is going into the payment systems instead of the coins themselves. 
the issue is that this sub is unwilling to admit that bitcoin could potentially fail even if cryptocurrency doesn't. Because everyone wants to imagine they are all future millionaires. 
yet another issue is that bitcoin/crypto's potential for easier/cheaper transaction doesn't necessarily translate into an upward price push. Which again pisses off the ones dreaming of buying private islands with their $1million/per bitcoins.
As far as alternative crypto are concerned, they might have to fundamentally give up on parts of bitcoin's core features such as decentralization so as to offer better quality services. Thats sends the crazy capital anarchists here foaming. 
As far as replacing fiat goes, its pretty absurd, this applies to bitcoin or other cryptocurrency equally. fiat currencies have their problems, but we use it because they have huge advantages. I personally believe in the usefulness of monetary policies, which would be impossible under pretty much any system for cryptocurrencies. There is a reason we don't have any gold backed currencies (which would functionally be near equivalent to crypto). Is it entirely impossible in the future? No. nothing technically is. It's just highly highly highly unlikely. 
@_date: 2015-05-30 14:21:28
god, stop believing in this sort of junk. It's wrong. It's the sort of crap believed by people with an infantile understanding of the economy and what money is.


This is both wrong and irrelevant. 
Money is both a unit of account and store of wealth. You're mixing the 2 together. 
Thats statement is wrong because as a unit of account, 1 dollar  can repay X dollars of debt because it circles through the economy.
 
It's also irrelevant because loans are repaid not with units of account, but with stores of wealth, of which money is just a part of. 
If the world only has $100 worth of money and I need to repay you $120, then I can pay you $100 in cash and $20 in assets. That can be gold/ownership of company or even services. More likely, I send you $100, you use that $100 in somewhat and it flows into the economy again into some 3rd party's pockets, after which I simply sell $20 of my assets to that 3rd party and then pay you with the "new" $20.
That $20 is used to pay $40 of debt. Thats where the unit of account part of money comes in. The fact that I can have 120 worth of assets to pay a loan even though only $100 dollars exist is where store of value comes in. 
As for the loan itself. It not some perpetual scam. Loans gets the guy making the loan an interest rate, but it also gets the guy who got the loan an "interest rate" too. We just don't call it that. If I borrowed $100, I'm going to be using it for something. That something has value. If I use that $100 to turn my raw materials (wood or even labor) into final products, I created more assets than I started with. That gain is the interest rate to me from the loan. If the value of the asset creation &gt; loan interest, I made a profit, If its less, I made a loss. In a functioning economy, the interest to the underwriter and the value I create equalize. 


This is wrong
There will be enough assets to pay back all loans. There won't be enough units of account to do it in 1 single round, but since money cycles, it doesn't matter and you can do it through multiple rounds. a single dollar can theoretically be used repay every single loan in the world. It's just tedious. 
By definition, as you put it, loans are not paid with money, they are paid with assets, which can but not necessarily need to be in the form of money. **There will be more than enough money as a unit of measure and there doesn't need to be exactly equal amounts of money as a store of value.** 


loans are repayed by assets. The statement the equivalent to claiming a billionaire can go bankrupt when he has to pay a restaurant bill if all of his assets are tied up in gold. Thats not the case. AT ALL. 
learn economics with books, not youtube videos. Economists and financiers are not idiots to do not see this sort of apparent truth, or hiding it from everyone in case the house of cards collapse. They just understand the topic well enough to see how dumb it is. 
@_date: 2014-11-30 18:58:15
neither does OP with his anecdotal justification. 
@_date: 2014-05-27 18:07:40


easy answer: house.
@_date: 2014-05-07 05:11:11
really? 
Cause as far as credentials goes, this guy isn't remotely close to being the smartest. In fact, he is almost the  textbook definition of an academic non-entity. In fact, most the guys we established as being "smartest" before bitcoin came about are pointing out bitcoins' issues.
Or is he supposed the new wave of "smartest guys" because he is into bitcoins? Cause thats *totally* not a circle jerk at all and using it to prove bitcoin's validity *totally* isn't circular reasoning.
@_date: 2014-08-12 16:59:17


no, we think that if the democratic process does it, it's fine. Thats how civilization and society function. If you live in a society, you don't get the freedom to do whatever you want. In fact, no one in a democracy gets exactly what they want. 
In general, people accept that. It's not brainwashing. 
@_date: 2015-05-30 15:29:32




this is not hypothesis. This is empirical fact. This is observable fact. Money cycles. $1 pays $X of debt, where X &gt;1. 
I'm gonna stop after this, you're obviously being intentionally obtuse. I'm just going to end with a repeat of a section i added to my prior post that illustrates my point. 




you don't have to trust me on this. You just have to acknowledge that you don't have an education in this topic. Which we both know for a fact you don't. You seem to choose to forget this. It's not about believing i necessarily have the expertise i do, Its about acknowledging that you can/are probably wrong because you  know for a fact you don't have an education here. 
@_date: 2014-04-15 13:53:01


by buying anything with with a worth denominated in USD with bitcoins. Just like how you would do it if its GBP/Euro instead of bitcoins.
The point is that it allows you to move money to hide them elsewhere. 
@_date: 2014-06-23 21:25:55
Yeah, cause there totally weren't anyone who choose not to buy ps2 at launch, but did so after its price dropped after a year. 
But hey, lets make a stupid example by taking it to an unreasonable and absurd extend. Obviously magnitude doesn't matter. 
@_date: 2014-08-21 15:09:52
Irreversibly of transfers is always going to be a problem. The fact that bad wallet apps can exacerbate the issue doesn't mean the core issue is with the wallet like you're implying.  
@_date: 2015-05-29 19:23:52


Currency pegging doesn't require that the change rate be exactly static. A soft peg that allows for movements within a range is still a peg. That's why we say the chinese yuan is pegged to the usd even though the exchange rate changes. 
In this specific case. It makes no difference to the Brazilian gov what the exchange rate is, so long as it's above 1.
If you don't know what the word means, don't act like you do. 
@_date: 2015-05-21 16:51:25


they are literally the exact same thing, just on a different scale. The first internet is a modern day intranet. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 20:44:21
translation: I don't understand shit about valuations and think my own ignorance is representative of other people's ignorance. 
I will say this again, get your head out of your ass. 
@_date: 2015-05-29 17:48:09
This whole comment is just so stupid it mind blowing it can get upvotes. 


Of course there  existed money at the beginning. You think fiat is the first form of money? Fiat just replaced what was being used as money at the time. Fiat was a replacement. Gold to gold backed to fiat can be and is to an extent a replacement process. 


Governments have revenues. Taxes exist. 
A government writing a bond and getting a loan is no different from you taking on a loan. The 2 entities pays it off the same way, by charging for services rendered. One by, for example, drawing a salary for writing code, the other, for example, by taking in taxes for building/maintaining infrastructure. 
Saying feds can only payoff interest with printing money is like saying an individuals loans are unplayable because they can't print money. 


Stop watching junk on YouTube and pick up an actual book written by people who know what the fuck they are talking about. 
@_date: 2014-06-28 06:14:37


You don't get to make up terms. 


what you meant is not residual demand. 


There is no guarantee whatsoever demand will remain. Demand is a function of price. 
If their demand at a given price level will influence price post auction, it would also have influenced price pre auction. Either their demand is based on a price thats below market and thus would have no impact, or its already priced in. 
Idiot. 
@_date: 2014-06-05 17:42:15
Do you just never read what I wrote? Having to pay more as a % of income for essential consumption like rent/good/gas is the exact reason why deflationary current is a shitty idea. 


And to deal with the stupid before it arrives, the fact that gas/food is increasing at a faster rate than base inflation is not an effect of inflation, but of supply/demand of the goods itself. Their price level relative to other goods would still be increasing given an environment of deflationary/hard current. 
@_date: 2015-05-10 16:14:27
jesus christ, this subreddit and the the bunch of idiots who live under the illusion that a professor of economics with published papers and a Nobel doesn't understand money to the degree they do after reading some blog posts. 


Thank goodness then that men with guns IS a property of fiat. Yes, fiat needs men with guns to work, but since they have that, whats your point? 
Government mandate and legal enforcement have value. Corporate bonds don't have value just because they provide interest, they have value because there is LEGAL enforcement of the agreement a bondholder and bond issue goes into. The same goes for fiat. 
Money in the economy of a first world nation is not an investment vehicle. judging it through that lens is stupid. Actual investment income from actual assets under a inflationary/deflationary or static monetary system is identical because inflation is priced into asset growth. 
@_date: 2014-12-10 21:14:09


an average level of luxury **at the time**.
Not sure if you're having a case of nostalgia goggles or are just ignorant. Either way, your words are entirely misleading. 
Consumption habits have changed. A couple decades ago people don't refresh all electronic purchases every 2 years, they don't purchase multiple cars/change cars every couple years. You need 2 incomes to reach average levels of luxury because the definition of average levels of luxury has changed. You are no longer using the same tv for 30 years. 
not to mention that costs are a function of income. Which means that when every household has 2 incomes, prices will automatically increase to match that. This has nothing to do with monetary inflation.  It's the natural outcome of doubling the income of all households. In the past, 1 income was the norm, so costs are based on that. Now 2 incomes are far more common, so cost changed to reflect that. 


Thats why we look at CPI in aggregate, not specific parts of the CPI that represents the highest increase. "Just look at the highest increases of the things that make up CPI! It's higher than CPI!!". No shit sherlock. 
@_date: 2014-04-16 15:08:26


its only scientifically unfeasible through one method. If you're spending/buying/converting bitcoins, you're leaving traces. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 18:02:36


There is no forcing involved. In fact, the whole point of *your* article is about how it will become a transaction mechanism. did you forget? Just by virtual of that, it will have far greater liquidity than any other investment assets not being used as a  transaction mechanism at the same time. I cannot think of a single asset you could be trading on the floor in the example you gave that was also being used as a transaction mechanism.
You're saying if people start using AAPL shares as an alternative semi-anonymous ebay payment option, then its liquidity is not going to shoot up? 
You can't use the liquidity of stocks/bonds as a predictive factor for bitcoins the same reason you can't use stocks in private companies to predict liquidity of a similarly sized public company. thus, given there is no way to know accurately the magnitude of liquidity's relationship with cap size (other than the fact that its going to be higher than any other asset and you need less cap for the same liqudity; or far greater liquidity given the same cap), there is no way to say market cap will grow by X factor. The situation i crafted is entirely possible from a theoretical standpoint given known information. 
@_date: 2015-05-29 19:36:59
The fixed exchange rate Brazil set themselves up with from this essentially fuck them over. By effectively pegging their currency to the usd, they open themselves up to greater influence by foreign economies. When shocks to foreign markets happened a couple years down the road, it dragged Brazil down because Brazil couldn't untangle themselves through either monetary policy or exchange rate adjustments.
 This is literally the textbook reason why it's dangerous to have a fixed exchange rate with a different country. Bitcoin would have served the exact same purpose and lead to the same result. All the issues and mechanism that lead up to the collapse caused by Brazilian economy not being able to adjust due to its currency being fixed would happen if a universal currency like btc is being used. Something like btc would de facto force all users to peg currency used in their economy all other economies using the same currency. Replicating the exact same scenario. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 04:27:35


yes, stock price is a function of expected earnings, not past earnings or current earnings. Congrats on pointing out finance 101. Thats what i meant when i said "profits", i didn't go into detail on the matter because its irrelevant. Future expected profit/earnings still has nothing whatsoever to do with how many people want the stock. Which is the point of my argument on why his analogy is retarded. 


Stop arguing semantics, its idiotic. The price went up over the years because past expected earning growths were realized, leading to higher future expected earnings. Its absolutely correct to state that that stock price went up because Apple "started making crapton of profits later on".


So? It would have crashed down again if it had failed to sell and actual profit growth/expectations not realized. 
If actual current profits didn't increase to meet expectation, stock would have remained low at the end of the day, because there is no reason to expect even further growth.
If you want to argument semantics, then kindly note that future expected profits is a function of realized profits. **In this context**, "stock price increased because profits increased" and "stock price increased because expected future profits increased" are the fucking same thing. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 19:54:35
"Statism can take many forms from **minarchism to totalitarianism**. *Minarchists prefer a minimal or night-watchman state to protect people from aggression, theft, breach of contract, and fraud with military, police, and courts*.
Reading, a surprisingly important skill. 
Statism pretty much includes anything that isn't anarchy. 
@_date: 2014-05-21 16:06:12
if the entity is funded by people from that decentralized system and engages in activities that continues to attract funding, then they are representatives of that system. 
How is the entities' centralization relevant? thats like saying any grassroots donation to a political figure/organization for representation is stupid because the representative is not made of 100 tiny people in a human suit. 
@_date: 2014-04-11 19:44:43
and you would still be justified so long as the reasoning you used are valid. 
I can know nothing about a scientific subject, but be against a given study because the statistics used is wrong and i'm enough of a statistician to see that. What the science is is irrelevant to the discussion. My faults has nothing to do with the scientific basis. 
thats his point. 
Most criticisms of bitcoins are not technological in nature, nor are they based on the protocol. they are based on economics and finance. The protocol is irrelevant. Whether the economists understands the code is irrelevant. 
@_date: 2014-03-10 18:56:56
this would be relevant if he actually stated that he will donate the money deposited. He didn't. 
This is the equivalent of you passing on $1000 to me to give to a mutual friend. It does't magically make me into a IVTS. Where "passing" = you giving me the 1k taped to a note requesting i pass it on, then running off before I even realize whats going on. 
He could keep it all for himself if he wants and nothing can be done. 
@_date: 2015-05-21 16:28:17


Or they think they can use the same underlying technology for other purposes without caring about how the internet turns out nor being dependent on it's success. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 18:15:05


and this magically happens just because regulation stopped existing?
Regulation did not bring about fractional reserve banking. If that were the case, great depression won't have happened. fractional reserve banking is purely a product of the magical-awesome-free-competitive-unregulated-market you're so excited about. This is literal history we're talking about. Not assumptions.
@_date: 2014-07-10 16:42:49


By the laws requiring that the relevant national fiat be accepted for economic activities within that given country. If I buy something from you in the US, you have to accept USD should I choose that as the payment option. 


Of course you can. It just isn't likely in current market conditions. Remove a bunch of the network effect by moving the transactional benefits elsewhere into a fiat based system and it would be much easier. 


Blockchain properties can be replicated elsewhere for near zero cost. Its not a unique characteristic of bitcoin. 
Network effects, while harder, can also be replicated elsewhere. It is also not a unique characteristic of bitcoin. Its an advantage caused by market conditions at a given time, not an absolute characteristic.
This is like saying "livejournal is forever" because it has network effects.
 


This is beyond ignorant. Anticipation of future economic activity does not cause a change in actual future results. Their ability to do so affects their profits, not the price of currency. 
Jesus you're ignorant. 
@_date: 2015-01-19 15:35:08


Because your talking about it as an alternative currency, not a investment asset. Short term stability is important. 
Even a time frame of 2 or 3 years just illustrates high volatility, which makes it entirely unsuitablility. Massive growth might be a selling point for investments, it's not for currencies. 
@_date: 2014-06-06 22:31:41
The point is that its *a* way to pay. Hence OP's statement about bitcoin being the only way to pay for online purchase being outright bullshit. 
@_date: 2015-01-12 02:09:02


Not a startup... 
Bitpay is a vc startup, it follows silicon Valley rules and business model, which op sums up pretty well.
For a company like Boeing, increasing efficiency and cutting costs is a more efficient means to increase profit because growth is difficult. Silicon Valley VC startups simply do not operate like this. You're comparing apples and oranges. If,  **as a vc startup**, you've reached the point where you are firing people and cutting costs to increase profitability, you're doing it wrong. 
@_date: 2015-01-18 17:38:32


I like how you arbitrarily use the worst current option to justify those specific cases against bitcoin, instead of the best options. Why not use fiat for P2P and bank cheque/draft for a car? 


I love how you're justifying the use of bitcoin by talking about the issues of fraud when paying for a house by credit card. 
@_date: 2014-06-10 14:38:23
its called an "analogy". 
@_date: 2014-06-13 15:24:04
Why do people mine with Ghash.io? Because its better for them.
Its a standard prisoner's dilemma set-up. If other people leave Ghash.io and push it below 50%, an individual is better off staying. If other people stay with Ghash.io and keeps it above 51%, an individual is still better off staying.
Individual self-interest trumps all. Welcome to bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-01-15 19:53:54


Yes it does. If you can be unaffected and unaware of volatility, it is stable. That is pretty much the measure of stability. 
@_date: 2014-04-03 00:56:17
Bitcoins does not remotely offer the sort of protect provided by credit card/paypal, both to the consumer and merchants. 


You mean once they choose between the protection provided by credit card/paypal and non-reversability of bitcoin?


Ask yourself WHY it is more expensive right now.
The expense doesn't come from the fact that they are using 2 fiat currencies, it comes from the money transfer system currently in place. Everything from consumer protection to anti-money laundering mechanism they need to implement. 
If anyone tries to use bitcoin, on a large scale, for the same purpose, he will either have to pay for the exact same costs or remove them as part of the service. 
Bitcoin's existence in this framework doesn't matter. If its as you said, someone would have performed the same business, but with gold. you don't get to circumvent the financial regulatory laws this way. 


Prepaid CC
there are no shortage of ways
@_date: 2014-08-19 21:04:29
and you're intentionally being obtuse by arguing semantics because you can't think of anything else to say. Peg is an english word, with a standard english language meaning. It's not just a economics/financial jargon. the author for that title used peg in the same way I did, neither one of us are using  the finance definition, any idiot with half a brain can see that given the context. 
@_date: 2015-01-18 17:47:25


Yes it does. It's stable for your usage. Thats literally why stability matters. 


So? what is this supposed to show exactly? Idiots like you throw around that fact that it supports your case. It doesn't. It's literally an argument for the opposite. The dollar depreciated like hell **but had no impact on real measures**.
Yes, dollar has depreciated. But it didn't affect stability at all. Neither did it affect wealth. You're not making 1/25th of what someone 100 years ago did just because a dollar today is 1/25th the worth of a dollar 100 years ago. The fact that a dollar can drop 96% in value over 100 years and yet have no impact on either price level nor net wealth shows that stability is not contingent on having some gold standard in place. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 16:59:13


How is it a step if it does nothing to prove what it set out to prove? As the poster above you explained, it's an entirely worthless venture. It proves nothing relevant to users and is thus a total waste of time. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 16:31:41


when every $1 bill you hold counts as a $2 bill as far as purchasing power is concerned, you've changed the quantity of money in circulation. You are part of "circulation" too. 


the worse sort of stupid is the kind that doesn't realize it. 
@_date: 2014-10-14 15:45:21
This statement is outright idiotic.


money has value because they are legal tender, which means, BY LAW, they can be used to purchase the production of a given country. That guarantee is enforceable as long as the government stands and is what provides value for fiat. It's the same reason why any other legal contract has value. 


Because physical properties doesn't matter. The innate value comes from legislation.
Some fiat are worth more than others because there are differences in demand between the products produced by the respective countries, as well as the raw output itself. Holding government stability and their ability to enforce laws constant, this is the ultimate basis for the value of any given fiat money. You can use monetary policies to manipulate exchange rates, but thats never going to work in the long term. 


No, not if you actually understand the economics of fiat.
@_date: 2014-05-23 19:28:53


He is an administrator for what essentially amounts to a pseudo manufacturing plant, thats all. His level of expertise on the matter is just like any other individual. Him being pro bitcoin is about as relevant as the postmaster general being pro bitcoin. Or any other administrator in any other organization. 
"Key" doesn't mean "relevant". 


This is EXACTLY the case.
Again: Learn what the Mint is and what it does. Everything you're saying just tells me you don't have the faintest clue. 




Manufacturing and selling national commemorative medals;
Designing and producing the congressional gold medals;
Designing, producing, and marketing special coinage;
Safeguarding and controlling the movement of bullion;
Disbursing gold and silver for authorized purposes;
Distributing coins from the various mints to Federal Reserve Banks.
*This is all they do.* 
Oh, and I was wrong previously, they don't even make paper money. 
So please, enlighten me on how being in charge of this "key institution" matters for the purpose of this discussion. 
@_date: 2014-10-28 19:32:54


Pretty big difference between "cannot be hacked through a 3rd party" (for which you would probably not even be liable for) and "cannot be hacked". Even the most rudimentary search would reveal people getting their bitcoin stolen through hacking. 
@_date: 2015-01-18 17:35:32


yeah, why shouldn't people do things just because they can afford to lose the money. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 22:05:04


the surest sign that someone lost an argument is when they pretend perfectly valid arguments made by their detractor for the first 95% of his post does not exist (because you don't actually have a usable counter argument, do you?), instead choosing to make an asinine point about the last 5%, as if that would salvage his dignity. 
If you can't stand people calling you ignorant, shut up about topics you don't understand. 
@_date: 2015-01-13 17:09:18
And if he paid with PayPal he would just need to type in his email and password. 
@_date: 2015-01-09 19:44:13


Why? 
GDP is the equivalent of annual income. National debt is the equivalent of a  mortgage. This is like saying a mortgage more than annual income is somehow disastrous, which is entirely idiotic. In fact, the analogy itself didn't even take into account that unlike a conventional annual income vs mortgage scenario, annual income of a country doesn't end in 50 years because the country need to retire and stops working. Excluding external factors, a country and it's economy exist in perpetuity. Which means it's a perpetual 25 year old that can sustain a debt indefinitely. In fact, since that hypothetical perpetual 25 year old will, over long time periods, increase its annual income, it can take on more and more debt without changing his financial condition in real terms. 
@_date: 2015-01-19 15:47:56
People here don't even know enough to understand the situation in Greek is the literal opposite of the situation in russia/Argentina. It's just 'omg capital controls! Bitcoin will save the day!' 
@_date: 2015-01-23 20:53:43


Adding a bitcoin option and adding the option to add bitcoin option are not the same thing. The former only requires that consumers choose to use bitcoins, the latter requires that merchants also choose to use it. 
Adding a bitcoin option = adding a bitcoin option for consumers.  Adding the option for a bitcoin option = adding the option for merchants to add a bitcoin option for consumers. 
@_date: 2015-01-18 17:40:05


So? It's a fucking house. What exactly are they going to do after defrauding you with a bad check? Run away with it? What exactly is the end goal for a fraudster here? The scenarios you're using to justify bitcoin is ridiculous. 
@_date: 2015-01-18 18:22:29


I'm saying almost anything else is just as good or better of a non-reversible way of transferring value for the house scenario you described. Using it to justify bitcoin is retarded.
@_date: 2015-01-09 19:33:12
Even this still exaggerates the problem. Countries are not humans. Humans have a finite life, which results in conventional debt repayment issues. You need to repay principle because you cannot pay interest in perpetuity. 
Countries can. They dont get old and retire. They can pay interest and not the principle for the same reason a 25 year old professional can on the first years of their mortgage. Except in this case for a country, those conditions can last into perpetuity because they don't age like the 25 year old would
@_date: 2014-06-18 12:08:42


Liquidity = how many people are using it as a store of value + velocity of money. Being digital, bitcoin can have an exceedingly high velocity. Which means price will be mostly a factor of the % of people using it as a store of value. That number can be relatively small.
@_date: 2014-12-14 04:47:29


you can't read?
@_date: 2015-01-18 21:32:09
Sure Mr-i-don't-understand-how-real-estate-transactions-are-different-from-drug-deals. 
@_date: 2015-01-09 20:43:59


You mean like an individual with a new mortgage is? 
Also, national debt are not liable towards private banks you idiot. That are mostly liable to citizens of the state itself. Citizens are the largest bondholders for both us and Japan. 


1) yeh, because mortgages are impossible to pay off too. After all, it's ore than annual income and we only have a single year to repay everything. 
2) the point is that as a country, you DONT have to pay back debt so long as it's a reasonable ratio. The only reason debt needs to be repaid in the first place is if you will, in the future, not be able to pay interests. That is a certainly for individuals but an irrelevant point for perpetual entities like countries 


It makes perfect sense. The fact that your too ignorant to understand it doesn't change that. But hey, I guess not being an economist means you know more. It's not like we are discussing economics 
@_date: 2015-01-19 15:43:07


This is just stupid and shows you have no remote idea of what you're talking about. You're just randomly applying stuff you read on the Internet to situations for which they are entirely irrelevant because you don't actually understand anything. 
It's an different situation from Russia or Argentina. This is the literal opposite of those situations . The Greeks are not trying to convert their money. They are trying to keep it as euro. If they have access to it, they will cash it or transfer it to keep it as euros. They are not going to change their euros to bitcoins. 
@_date: 2015-01-02 21:02:07


Because allowing people who cannot provided the required proof of identity to take money out from accounts for which account holders tasked PayPal to safeguard is good faith. 
Especially when the account holders were notified when they opened their accounts what information would be needed for them to prove themselves to be the holders. 
@_date: 2014-09-08 16:04:53
except this is total and absolute bull. Market crashes decreased significantly after the creation of the Fed reserve. Same applies to exiting from gold back currencies.
people like you don't seem to fundamentally understand what inflation is. Gold standard is not magic fairy dust. Economic crashes are results of fundamental issues within the economy. inflation is just the symptom. Eliminate inflation and the issues don't magically disappear. They just adjust and self correct through some other mechanism, usually with far more disruptive consequences. Market crashes happened all the time before fiat came into existence, when monetary policies were possible. 
@_date: 2015-01-16 06:05:36


Do you always just make up facts?
@_date: 2014-08-18 15:04:58
The author is an idiot. 


What that episode showed was literally the opposite of this statement. 
Becasue GBP's value is backed up by factors such as UK's GDP and other relevant economic conditions, Soros was able to identify GBP as being overvalued. The fact that market inefficiencies exist and government entities use monetary policies to push numbers doesn't change the fact that an actual value for GBP exist based on innate factors (GBP can buy UK's GDP, so the former's value is directly linked to the latter). **The exchange eventually reverts to GBP's actual/innate value due to market forces,** the same way stocks eventually reverts to innate value of the fraction of whichever company it represents. 
If this doesn't illustrate the difference between GBP and bitcoin, I don't know what will. 
@_date: 2014-04-23 22:20:39


no, my contention is that there was never sizing to begin with. My post explained what a customer is actually doing when he/she use an exchange. 


True, **EXCEPT YOU NEVER DEPOSITED ANYTHING.** 
The bitcoins are not customer assets, the goxcoins (name currently given to the debt obligations) are. 
MtGox is an *exchange*, not a bank. Learn the difference. You don't deposit anything at the exchange, You give an exchange assets in return for a debt obligation (making you nothing more than a creditor).  
*There is a reason its called an "exchange" and not a "bank".* You think the difference in naming convention is just for shit and giggles? 
Your ignorance doesn't magically change reality. If you don't understand whats going on, the key is to shut up and pick up a book/google (or in this case, read what i wrote previously and think to yourself "hey, since i know jack shit about this topic, perhaps i should see if what he wrote is true"). Not try and inject yourself into the conversation, making arguments based on  faulty assumptions and show off how much you don't know.
@_date: 2014-03-14 19:54:46


And thats not an intrinsic value. In any way.
Which 1) makes Warran's statement perfectly accurate and 2) proves your bullshit about "novel elegant solution to the Byzantine Generals" does nothing to rebut PleasantGoat's comment explaining why your initial argument on bitcoins having intrinsic value is wrong. 
@_date: 2015-01-09 20:33:34
Yeh, it's totally plausible that someone has 3.4m in a chequeing account and the bank felt it's prudent to contact him for authorization, but still let the transfer go through when they failed to reach him. It's also totally plausible that he has that much because he just cashed a cheque. Paying 3.4m with a cheque is totally the rage nowadays
@_date: 2014-03-28 19:51:51
and pay extra fees.
Its not something that would even increase revenues in any meaningful way. You think there is a significant enough population of game purchases who would not be willing to buy steam games using CC/steam card/paypal/debt card, but will otherwise choose to do so just because bitcoin is now accepted?
@_date: 2014-04-16 15:56:42


yeah, cause the dude who won an econs nobel prize and teaches it at a premier american university don't understand economics like you do.  
Get over yourself. 
Not to mention he is just one of many many economist making similar claims. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 18:03:21


so are a ton of other people saying bitcoin is junk...many of whom are actual experts in finance/banking/economics. This is about as meaningful as saying "Director of St. Mary's Hospital is pro bitcoin"
The whole post is just circlejerking. A bad one at that.  
@_date: 2014-05-07 16:54:55


Ignoring past performance on current price is stupid. Its not when you're doing an estimate of future expected price growth, which we are doing here. 
past performance is a factor of future price predictions, which is already reflected in current price (the lingo is a bit confusing here, because bitcoin is an asset type with no "profits", so its always "price"). You're essentially double counting.
Any sort of competent analysis would be along the lines of "this went from 1 to 2 to 4 because of X, i think it will go to 8 **because of X**", its *never* "this went from 1 to 2 to 4, i think it will go to 8". there is a HUGE difference. 
congrats on not understanding how markets work. 
And yes, markets are not perfect, but they are good enough to invalidate crap analysis of this magnitude. 
@_date: 2014-07-30 16:20:56
Because you believe people on youtube who are clearly ignorant about what the situation is? 
@_date: 2014-07-31 16:22:19
if you're going to use fiat to rebuy the bitcoins, why not just spend fiat? 
@_date: 2014-05-16 21:28:16


They are going to get you to pay taxes on gains. which was the point.
you still pay taxes on income that was subsequently stolen. You don't get a deduction from stolen $$. 


also, this would work exactly once. 
At the end of the day, the point is that if its a significant enough matter, they will catch you. they might let you off on 2k for the same reason they let you off paying the lawn mowing kid in cash, thats not going to work when the amount actually matters. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 14:09:06
Monetary policies works. Not perfectly, but empirical data shows they do have a positive impact if performed correctly. Monetary policies does not deal with underlining structural issues, but thats not its goal in the first place. Rejecting it on that basis like the prior poster did is just stupid. Monetary policies are short/mid term stabilizing/boost mechanism that works because economics is influenced by human behaviors, and monetary policies affects those behaviors, even if the effect is only for the short/mid term. Since the economy tend to self reinforces trends, such mechanism either jump starts a more positive trend or short out undesirable trends. It works to 1) buy time for real policies to start showing their impact and 2) limit the volatility of the economy to shocks and limit self reinforcement's tendency to too far too quickly in reaction to shocks.
In fact, this is the mainstream accepted school of thought for economics right now. Its not universally accepted, but it is accepted as being mainstream and correct based on majority consensus. 
Most people on this subreddit simply refuses to accept Keynesian economics. Trying to get a good answer here is not worth the effort. You're better off picking up a book, or just reading up about information on monetary policies on wikipedia. 
@_date: 2014-12-02 22:40:25
but there can absolutly be failures without success. 
@_date: 2015-05-21 16:25:04


a private internet is a intranet. 


learn what a intranet is. 
@_date: 2014-06-28 06:22:36


But it magically appears post auction? 
And as a matter of fact, for all intends and purposes they do automatically erode when price moves up. Because they have no influence whatsoever on market and becomes irrelevant. 
**Residual demand, by your definition, is a fraction of a hypothetical initial demand.**
aka, demand has reduced from its initial state. 
@_date: 2015-07-15 18:11:16






The flow as you described it effectively gets spent the exact same way. Allocating a flow of $x over time t for good y for a period of time is no different than spending the equivalent of x*t for y. 
@_date: 2015-07-14 04:36:37


1) thats not what loan sharking means. 
2) Greece entered into the agreement. No one put a gun to it's head to force it to take the loan. Taking assets equal to the loan the borrower borrowed and spent isn't theft. *the loan greece took out and spent is "payment" for the value of the assets* 
greece can default. or she can stay and try to repay the debt. Choosing to repay their debt (aka the amount of money they took and spent) by liquidating their assets does not mean those assets are stolen by creditors. 
@_date: 2015-07-16 18:01:06
Saying they are different does not make them different. Nothing you said cannot be replicated with normal money. 
Demurrage is just negative interest rate/inflation. Endorsement/ranking concepts can be accomplished with a subscription. Nothing you're talking about is anything new. 
I don't think you understand enough about money and finance. You lack sufficient knowledge about the topic to see how everything you thought up is already available through one means or another using money as it is. 
@_date: 2015-07-15 16:38:03


You clearly don't understand what arbitrage does and why price discrimination exist. Having arbitrage exist isn't always good. Sure, if you are paying more now you would pay less, but those paying less now will have to henceforth pay more. 
The point of market segmentation the case of medication is so that for profit companies can sell to low income markets. The alternative is a global price that the poorer markets cannot afford. If all people start to buy cheap drugs en mass through India, India's drug prices would shoot up. What do you think the does to Indian patients? 
As for markets like Milan, it's due to government subsidies on health care. Subsidies paid for by people in Milan for people of Milan. Not for some dude in the US. What do you expect to happen when people start to buy drugs in mass there, essentially leeching off the funds? 
The economic reality is that drugs cost money to make and some people are going to end up not having them. Whining about the lack of arbitrage this is essentially saying others elsewhere should not be able to afford medication so you can for cheaper. Him not being be to afford drugs has nothing to do with arbitrage and everything to do with a failure of the US health care system. 
@_date: 2015-07-07 01:09:06


this is now a point of view. This is a fact. It's observable through empirical data for as long as we have had those sort of data. Ignoring this is idiotic. No one with a remote understanding of the topic argues against this. Even if they argue against multiple free floating currencies, this is not the approach they use, because it's the equivalent of arguing against gravity by saying the apple falling to the ground is a viewpoint. 


No, as a worker you rationally do what benefits yourself the most. Which is to resist any wage lowering till the last minute you can to maximize your own income. This isn't even taking into account that there is an unavoidable information lag between the time when the economy shifts to put pressure on wages  and when you realize/experience that shift/pressure.  
What you are talking about is whether wages are immovable. No shit they are movable. There is a reason we say sticky wages, not nailed to the wall wages. The point is that this is a prisoner's dilemma. Unless all players collectively act in a way that's the opposite of what personal utility maximization dictates, they all end up worse off. But no one is going to do it by themselves first or even second, because they will benefit themselves by doing it last. 
I never stated anything about government controls. This has nothing to do with the issue. The issue is what happens when you force different distinct economies into using the same currency, and thus artificially binding them to each other's health. 


As I've said, when you force different distinct economies into using the same currency, you are artificially binding them to each other's health. This breaks the link between the health of the economy/the actions that economy chose to undertake takes and the actual economic feedback of those decisions. They are now beholden to forces and decisions totally out of their control. For example, the germans are now affected by greece. If greece collapses, the germans will be negatively affected because the euro (which they both use) will be negatively affected. Conversely, Greece (and all the other countries like potrugal, italy, spain, Ireland) gets to limp along because the health of the german (and to a lesser extent the french) economies. The germans have to perform CPR on the deadweights, or they will get dragged down into a economic rescission through no fault of their own, just because they share a currency and that currency will crash. 
Saying it rewards rational actors and punishes irrational ones is a joke. You have no clue what you're talking about. 
@_date: 2015-07-16 18:11:01


The cost of making/creating drugs is not equivalent to the cost of manufacturing drugs. This is just dumb. It's pointing to Intel and saying they are making a killing because a standard consumer grade CPU takes 30 bucks to manufacture. 
How much does it take to make the first pill/cpu is what matters. 


Manufacturing doesn't matter. Simple as that. Decreasing manufacturing costs from 10 cents to 1 cent doesn't change anything. The risks and costs of developing drugs is not from manufacturing. The entire premise of your argument is flawed. I'm not even going to point out why the argument itself is baseless. 


Except prices are not astronomical. The financial statements of all the big pharma companies are online. Do a comparison of their profit margins. Do a comparison of r&amp;d + marketing costs to revenues. Your straight up talking out of your ass.
@_date: 2015-07-06 20:25:41
He isn't blaming anyone. He is illustrating the problem,which is exactly as he stated. 
Wages are sticky. This is normal. There are going through be lags and resistance. It's expected. A floating currency would automatically adjust through depreciation. This adjustment mechanism is impossible for a universal currency, whether Euro or btc. That's the fatal flaw. 
Floating currencies each based on the health of a single economy is the most efficient route here. The Euro crisis very much illustrates why universal currencies like btc could be a bad idea if adopted by multiple different economies that trade with one another. 
@_date: 2015-07-14 04:25:52


for all the whining and bitching about inflation here, people can't seem to even grasp the most elementary aspects of it. Printing money diminishes the value of the euro, most of which are held by european states, those euros are every bit capital and assets. Claiming ECB isn't putting any real capital or assets at risk is just stupid. 
@_date: 2015-04-16 05:15:40
By your reasoning us gdp would always need to be lower than usd in circulation. 
Your crazy logic is how the relationship between output and unit of account interact. 
@_date: 2015-04-12 21:01:29
because it's not up to her to decide anything. It's a legislative issue. Pot is a federal crime. Fed president can't do anything to change that.  Neither can she go against the law and pretend it isn't. She is literally doing all that she could to deal with a situation she can't actually do much for. 
@_date: 2015-04-16 04:57:22
Literally everything you said above, whether linguistic, finance related or legal, is wrong. 
@_date: 2015-04-16 05:08:18


Translation: I have no justification for it being needed that I can voice. 
@_date: 2015-04-20 20:34:10


No. He made up 3 theories. Modern economics fully understand how commercial banks create money. The 3 theories he made up are in fact 3 parts of the same mechanism. Commercial banks creating money in the way they found is exactly what is expected to happen in a standard fractional reserve system. How is fractional reserve supposed to work if commercial banks cannot create money? The Fed's role is to limit the cap on money creation, the creation itself is always done through the loan maker, aka commercial banks. This is known, it is expected,it is exactly how fractional reserve works. 
In fact, the whole reason why fed policies fail to impact the market directly through interest rate or fractional reserve adjustments is because banks don't necessarily make loans just because they have the ability to. If the money is  on being loaned by the commercial bank , they are not being created. This isn't some sort of puzzle. This is known, this is an expected problem. This is observable. It was observed in 2007/8 when commercial banks just stopped lending, irregardless of fed policies to induce their behavior. 
This whole paper is a joke. It's as if the whole thing is written by someone who fundamentally don't understand how fractional reserve system works. 
Banks are regulated. They are forced to hold x percent of all loans as fractional reserve. That's a cap on the max amount of loans they can give at any capital levels. This is the basis of the fractional reserve system. They does not, in any way, mean they they are supposed to move funds from internal accounts to a loan account. It does not mean that they need to immediately adjust internal capital the moment loans are made (it only means they need to find more capital if they exceed their legal cap) . The only thing they need to do is to look at their liabilities, their assets, add in calculations for risk adjustment and make sure that the ratio does not exceed a given value. To expect otherwise is to fundamentally misunderstand fractional reserve. 
This whole paper is just blatantly stupid. It got everything in wrong, from its premise to its conclusion. The fact that they are people thinking this is some sort of great unveiling of misconduct or economic revelation is hilarious. 
@_date: 2015-04-20 20:44:31
So long as the bank does not exceed the fractional reserve limits imposed, they can absolutely create credit from nothing. In the simplest case, if they have 10 dollars, the reserve limit is 10 percent and they have loan outstanding of 50, they can create 50 dollars of loans anytime they want out of nothing. Banks are not exactly at the limit all the time and need to readjust their capital everything they give a loan. 
Up till you are actually at the reserve limit, the commercial banks are operating on zero reserve. Because reserve limit only matters if you hit it. 
As you said, the guidelines for internal  accounting is complex, which makes the authors expectation regarding movements in internal accounts an infantile expectation. His whole premise was flawed to begin with, given that commercial banks creating money is a part of fractional reserve. Then he got flawed evidence that doesn't tell him the things he does because he doesn't understand what he is even supposed to be looking at. Then finally, he uses his flawed premise and irrelevant evidence to come to a wrong conclusion. It's dumb. 
@_date: 2015-03-21 04:34:43


And do you know who will be doing the work in determining exactly how this is done? 
LAWYERS. 


do those arbitration measures magically appear in the code? Who sets rules for the arbitration measures used in the contract? Who is tailoring it to the specific conditions of that specific contract between the specific entities entering into it? Is it the coder or is it the legal expert who is telling the coder how he needs to code the contract to so that it behave in a specific way?
You have no clue what lawyers do. In fact, i dont even think you understand what smart contracts do. Smart contracts automates the **implementation/enforcement** of the contract. That is all it does. It does not automate the construction of the contract. Neither does it automate disputes *with* the contract. Lawyers don't deal with implementation of the contract, neither do they deal with the enforcement. They deal with making it and dispute resolution. Disputes are not resolved through "the code runs this way, hence this method is right"
@_date: 2015-03-19 19:29:17


Yes, which is why lawyers exist today and will exist in the future with start contracts. 
You simply don't understand what it is that lawyers do on a fundamental level. 
Just because smart contacts are automatic does not mean disputs will go away. Neither does it mean that the expertise of specifying in what way that automatic process should occur under different possible future conditions would be unneeded. 
The law will not change to 'if the code run this way then this must be the right and just way'  
@_date: 2015-02-18 16:23:47
As is his comment
@_date: 2015-02-06 17:12:58
if unicorns exist 
@_date: 2015-02-06 17:12:28
yes, the gov is this insidious entity that carefully planted all the evidence, but they are apparently not so insidious that they would not think of adding a few spelling errors to make it believable. Thank god we have someone smart like you smarter than all of them. 
@_date: 2015-02-03 04:39:07
you go for the crazy and unlikely stunts when there are no better alternatives. looking at the evidence against him, his defense doesn't. 
@_date: 2015-02-03 18:11:05




Have fun on your unsinkable titanic. 
@_date: 2015-02-17 19:15:29


And you have no idea what block chain actually is. Block chain allows for decentralized systems, but the benefits can be reaped without decentralization. Which means there need to be no direct incentive structure to induce participation required for decentralization. 
As have been hypothesized, central banks could oversee private block chain run by major banks to facilitate and enable low cost transfer and record keeping. No incentive structure is necessary because the participants in this case are already benefiting. 
Protection through magnitude of processing power is unnecessary if participation is limited to preselected individual entities (aka not decentralized)  and enforced through the code itself. 
@_date: 2015-02-02 17:29:53


Ffs, just shut up
You have have no clue what is being talked about. The judges words simply means that the count has no idea what his qualifications are for which said qualification is relevant to the case. The case is not about the legitimacy of bitcoins or its development. bitcoins are only relevant so far as they are the sole method of transactions on the site. The count would post the exact same comments if the defense wanted to use a Nobel prize winner in physics as a witness. You can post his resume all you  want,  it doesn't change the fact he has no place there and that his qualifications are meaningless. 
@_date: 2015-02-13 21:24:57


Yes it's applicable to cash, that's why no one reasonable hold any large portion of their wealth in as cash in a mayo jar hidden in their backyard 
Do you understand the argument now? 


no, its your responsibility to make sure it's taken care off. who is doing it is irrelevant. If youre the worse choice, then the right decision is to have someone more qualified for it. 
@_date: 2015-02-03 18:06:39


Yes, because one of the top leaders of a criminal enterprise with hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue and thousands of members across the country obviously must be an uneducated thug that cant speak or write properly.
@_date: 2015-02-23 22:35:43


The question is, does it remotely matter? 
@_date: 2015-02-03 04:41:35


thats not how appeal works. 
@_date: 2015-02-13 21:13:07




Because it's comparing apples to oranges? 
They are not charging you for running software on their os. They are charging you for selling software on their storefront. Just like Microsoft getting a cut of 3rd party softeare/hardware on the Microsoft store or steam getting a cut of sales of software on their store. 
No one forces you to sell things through Google play. It's hardly against term of use for you to sell it elsewhere. Samsung have their own app store and pays Google nothing for things they sell there. 
You can just give consumers the apk after they paid you directly and ask them to update it. But if you want to use their store front and the audience/infrastructure that comes with it, you pay for that service. 
@_date: 2015-02-23 22:26:45




So you're supporting someone do something without knowing what that something is? 
What the fuck does 'prosecute HSBC' even mean? Those 2 words together just creates a phrase that's, at best ambiguous and at worst meaningless. How exactly are you going to go about doing this prosecutiin of a corporate entity? Do you want more fines? Do you want then shut down? Do you want to prosecute specific individuals? What evidence do you have that would link those individuals directly with the crime sufficiently to allow for the pocrcution of those individuals? 
This whole thing is at best stupid and at worst a scam targeting naive idiots who don't understand the law. 
@_date: 2015-02-03 18:00:32
And those people proceed to defend themselves at trial using the defense that they are just the fall guy? 