@_author: mwootto
@_date: 2014-02-27 06:53:25
Check out the compound that End of an Ear Records sits in. Walk around the river by the Campbell's Hole or Twin Falls areas, skip the Barton Springs Pool/Zilker Park area. They're great, sure, but if you don't have a lot of time...skip it. Unless the water's flowing really well, in that case, squeeze through the bars that block people from entering the concrete pipe thingy that diverts the river before the pools and then flows back in to the river. Ride that shit like whatever that ride is at the water park that's completely black and neat. 6th street is cool and all, to see, for a night. One night is all you need there, though. See it, experience it, then be done and go see all the other rad fuckin' spots. Flipnotiks has an awesome patio(s) and listening room for shows. The Daily Juice is a really cool juice/smoothie place. OH! for food or bars check out the little area just west of 35 and south of cesar chavez, behind the IHOP (if the IHOP's still there), there's a bunch of great bars and restaurants inside what used to be neat ol' houses. There's also a really great Indian restaurant there with a bunch of awesome floats(?) that they use for some sort of traditional Indian parade/party that happens sometimes. There is a dog that lives in the little shack behind that place that is not nice. Do not try to befriend that dog. He will nip your ankle and make it bleed. Possibly. Heard from a friend. Go to Pipes Plus and have a bit of hookah and a board game. Spend some time on South Congress. Watch Waking Life and/or Slacker and visit the places from those movies that are still around. Go to the Starbucks just behind the old movie theater turned tower records turned cvs/campus bookstore and wish that it was still Les Amis Cafe. Even though you never visited Les Amis Cafe. Also, some other things. Need more wine.
@_date: 2014-02-27 06:36:37
The use of management there gave me chills. 
I imagine that's exactly what's going on, and I feel like it's very different from how I perform the "management" of &lt;20 employees and more like how one would "manage" the little break away blue squares when learning math in elementary school. No emotion, just numbers. 
