@_author: mx-gms
@_date: 2019-11-21 16:50:32
It is time to keep a fresh mind. 
It is peculiar to BTC. 
**THE FACT** is that BTC is going to 15 K USD in a few weeks... 
Essencially I trade arbitrage so with my earnings all this loss is compensated. We cant´t be passive investors.
@_date: 2019-11-19 14:26:57
As we see public turmoils around the world as in Hong Kong, Bolivia, Venezuela, Argentina and Iran we also see the maturing of BItcoin market and an increased goverment-banks measures to block the use  or make difficult to use croptocurrencies.   
Can we understand that the criminalization or the blockage of Bitcoin use can affect directly a wider implementation of BTC  in our daily lifes?   
What are the biggest risks to BTC success today? (Saying success I mean valuation, implemetation and full trust by its owners)
@_date: 2017-08-18 20:59:02
At first, nothing.
The lightning network is a implementation that will improve the capacity of Bitcoin network permitting smart contracts, micropayments and a huge amount of transactions per second. For users, we will see new features added to clients and new better clients, to nodes and miners we will see an emerging amount of data - that means greater reward and to general owners we will have a big, big boom in price since it resolves many uncomfortable issues of Bitcoin/ Blockchain have today.
@_date: 2017-08-18 04:21:30
It is a wonderful perspective.
I also think that governments will attempt to regulate the funding exchanges accounts, what would be disastrous politic party.
We also need to remember that this new market is very small compared to the trillions of that fiat currencies, stocks, bonds, etc... The power to drive the wheel still is and probably will be on the hands of the same few that controls the markets today.
What if some corporation started to intensely buy and hold bitcoins in order to low the liquidity? It is still possible in the terms we have today... 
In other way, the fragility of the new is a heavy point against bitcoin. Any strong manipulation of its price, any serious attempt to disrupt its security or even a bankruptcy or mislead of any big public player in the near future will put in risk the reputation of that cryptocurrency. 
How sensitive bitcoin is to its weak points?
I see these effects in the strength of bear movements.
But one thing is certain, as more valuable bitcoin is less reactive  to manipulation it becomes.
@_date: 2017-08-18 00:04:15
Yes! In five years it can be an option to any payment in the world... 
@_date: 2017-08-18 23:37:29
Like gold rush it will generate many, many loses as it will produce the prosperity necessary for a new beginning. The philosophical point is that nobody gets some degree of prosperity of it is not corageous. Risks are inherent to success and Bitcoin idea will succeed.
@_date: 2017-08-17 23:43:31
This is an important limitation to Bitcoin trade as designed today. It must permit low fees transactions to low amounts of money. Bitcoin mining is designed to benefit big miners that one sense can drive the fees. This is one sensitive point to broad implementation of Bitcoin as a day by day payment method. I hope lightning fix this issue.
@_date: 2017-08-18 06:41:19
I think that Lightning is resolving some of this problems in November... After this implementation we will see a greater bull movement in price. To adapt to new needs maybe a great virtue of Bitcoin. Probably the network will be very different from now in 15 yeats but adding price to its characteristics. People can become used to this kind of update.
@_date: 2017-08-17 23:58:45
GS is an orthodox observer of a changing world where conservatism is fastly being changed by a new view and new understandings. To be a prophet of the bitcoin's path is a necessity to them but it will not represent the reality. I'm sure of that.
Please, see that they stated that it would fall then rise... Anything in a scenario that more and more people are interested in a new company, technology or method will in some way correct its price. 
If you see the recover from the lows are really fast movements because many more people are optimistic about Bitcoin than the contrary. The sure believe, view and potential application that BTC should be valued by many millions is the most important component in the analysis of this asset.
First previewers had see BTC around 5000 USD by the end of the year, now you can read 7500 USD, I suppose that the price will reach 10000 USD, then have a huge correction in its price, but nothing compared to 50% low as GS stated... It would be absurd but would be a blessing! Just stay connected!
@_date: 2017-08-18 00:28:51
I believe that yes! I can't see many negative effect in this scenario. A high valued cryptocurrency like Bitcoin would be a great opportunity to generate value and we need to do it in these terms to permit the prosperity of our modern society. 
In the point that more people would use their Bitcoins than accumulated it it would promote a deflation on goods and services since since more people could buy and sell for a fairest price.