@_author: my53rdaccount
@_date: 2017-10-18 05:18:09
Dollar cost averaging is just a way of mitigating risk. Unfortunately it also mitigates the returns. But realistically that's generally fine, and is how most people invest their money in 401k like vehicles because it's usually a per-paycheck contribution. 
But yeah, putting everything in one basket is a terrible idea. BTC investing has a big problem with survivorship bias at the moment.
@_date: 2017-10-20 00:12:28
I think you've seriously drank too much of the Kool aid, mate. You're rationalizing some irrational behaviors. There's zero reason that the thing to dethrone Bitcoin has to be based on the Bitcoin ledger. Facebook isn't based on the Myspace ledger...it just shut Myspace down by being a superior product. 
I wish you the best of luck, but you're playing a dangerous game and I don't think you are adequately evaluating the risk because you are too emotionally invested in your investments.
@_date: 2017-10-18 17:34:25
This same strategy works with Enron and Goldman Sachs if you just sell before the crash. 
You've just described stock investing strategy, except you're advocating for minimal diversification which is the danger part. Again, survivorship bias. 
Personally I have some money in crypto, but let's call it what it is. It's speculation. I do this on top of my 401k and IRA, not instead of it.
@_date: 2017-10-19 14:18:49
You cannot compare gold or any other commodity to bitcoin because those Commodities do have intrinsic value which will keep their price at some minimum level. Gold has value because it is used for in manufacturing and even if people stopped liking it because it's shiny and the price went down, manufacturers would just continue to use it for more and more industrial purposes. Similarly all Commodities have intrinsic value because they are either precious metals that can be used in manufacturing or food items which can be eaten. Bitcoin has neither.
Personally, I think that because Bitcoin is going to be a deflationary currency is the exact reason it's going to be a piss poor currency and terrible money. It's going to act more like a commodity.
My hypothesis is that if cryptocurrency does take off Bitcoin will be like gold is to money today. People will spend ethereum or Litecoin or tezos, and Benchmark those off the value of Bitcoin. And that's best case scenario.
My question for you is this: why is Bitcoin the end? Why not any other coin? Is it not possible that a newer coin comes out and solves many of the problems that Bitcoin currently has? 
My main criticisms of Bitcoin as a currency include that because it is deflationary it won't work very well as money. It will work as a commodity. and as such all investment is just speculation against future value. Additionally, because it is proof of work, it has already centralized itself. It is supposed to be a democratic currency but instead the entirety of Bitcoin is controlled by roughly 5 cartels. 
I think crypto is the future... At least I hope it is. but I want a better coin than Bitcoin. It was the first, but that doesn't make it the best.
 
@_date: 2017-10-18 22:41:47
I mean some points of interest here include that the coin itself is also a fiat currency. In the market of cryptocurrency it's sort of acts like a commodity, but if we want to treat it like a currency than it is a fiat currency as well. It has zero intrinsic value which is what the definition of a fiat currency is. Regardless, you are either speculating in a commodity Market or in a currency Market like the forex. And there is always money to be made in currency markets but to imply that there's no risk is just silly. 
Buying and holding looks like a good strategy now because the Market has yet to do one of the two things that it will do eventually. It will either crash or it will Plateau. Or both. What's your plateaus and only gains 3% value per year... In this case, you are barely beating inflation and probably losing to a bond market and absolutely losing to a stock market in terms of average returns. 
This is why diversification is important. It's not just about crashes but also about plateaus. Holding some crypto is a fine idea as a hedge. I hold some. But you nor anyone else knows exactly where this thing is going. It might hit 10 billion dollars per coin in value and then crashed to a penny. It might go to $10,000 and never move again. Anything is just speculation. Anyone who says they know for sure is lying. You can make the same arguments about Enron stock because for a long time it was just going up and up and up. 
If you want your whole Investment Portfolio to be crypto I at least hope you are diversifying between the different currencies.  You are playing a high-risk high-reward game. If you make a few million dollars you're going to feel like you made the right choice. If you lose everything you're going to feel like you made the wrong choice. It's a fun game to play as long as you realize that there is a massive amount of risk investing in what is effectively a currency exchange without further diversification. 