@_author: my6thredditusername
@_date: 2016-08-22 18:13:58
I'm not expert trader, so I look for discussions about this stuff online (the reason why I'm asking) 
The day of the bitfinex hack BTC bottomed out at $669, once it bounced back padt $500 I bought in and I made a thread saying people should buy...There was an obvious resistance at $530 and I suggested people buy before that line, because the next resistance wasn't until $580...where it went to almost exactly on the dollar..$500 to $580 on obvious marks like that when an anomaly like the hack happens and artificially lowers the value..that is easy money to be made (it's not always that easy, again why i'm asking about the lack of interest in this area of btc investing strategies.... but that day and the next few days it certainly was that easy. it was an obvious bounce)
 I got yelled at for making a post about making money, all anyone wanted to do was complain about the money they just lost (who i felt bad for, but when life hands you lemons try and make lemonade). there was literally no interest whatsoever by anyone else trying to make money.
I don't mean to sound like i'm complaining... people who lost had every right to be upset... but it seems counter productive when there's literally  zero discussion about btc technicals here, ever.
edit: on that note, as far as i can tell btc is currently on an upward trend, $585 right now, and there is support building at $580 the next resistance is at $595...where i think it will shoot up to about $620.. if it breaks past that soon. after that is $660. i wish there was someone better than me at this to confirm this or tell me if i'm wrong.
@_date: 2016-08-04 18:19:22
if it doesn't break $590 and tanks, sell. otherwise hold. you'll make a pretty profit. (give it two weeks, unless it starts to nosedive sudeenly before then, then sell lol i doubt that will happen..but if it does..do that.)
@_date: 2016-08-04 18:05:18
bring it on
edit: seriously though, why would people not take ideas to consider buying after a mass selling, and obvious upswing? oh well i tried. is this a pride thing? people would rather lose and dwell over lost money than make it back?
i'll take my downvotes like a man. not a rich man but one who pays his bills thanks to bitcoin swings.
im not even smart....it's just..history repeting itself. buy low, sell high. if you miss out,, cut your losses and make them back later.
i tried?
ps: i love love people saying "i wish btc were more predictable"
well after 10 years of trading on the stock exchange..trust me, btc IS VERY VERY very predictable. bitfinex for hacked...HOLY SHIT IT FELL...then OMG IT'S RECOVERING
were any of you (not you person i'm replying to lol..the general public)...around when btc first started?
@_date: 2016-08-22 18:22:18
Thank you! that's exactly what I was looking for I didn't even know it existed. 
(Sorry for the pointless thread, my bad)
@_date: 2016-08-04 18:38:21
@_date: 2016-08-22 18:50:49
thanks for the unput and link to that sub
also i agree it's an incredibly risky gamble, but then again i'm kind of a gambling addict heh
i'm still learning the basics so i watch the charts for really obvious uptrends and resistance/support lines...i kind of see one right now (support at $580 building, slight ceiling at $585 then again at $595 after that nothing in the way until $660ish i think. 
also the RSI is approaching 50 for the first time since may. the last time it crossed 50 it shot up from $450 to $780 over the next two weeks.
from my basic understanding there's enough support at $580 and a big enough volume and upswing in the market to say buy now for a potential easy gain of 20% coming up real soon (still a gamble, but it's what i'm seeing anyway?) .that's what prompted this thread/question. 
but thanks for pointing me in the right direction of where to go for this kind of stuff.
@_date: 2016-08-04 01:04:07
just saying, if you were smart and not holding coins, now's an obvious time to buy. $590 is the next resistance line, one it breaks that it'll flyright back up...the next resistance line after that is $675. that is a nice 48-72hr hour profit.
or don't listen/care..i don't give a damn. you do you
@_date: 2016-08-04 18:17:23
want to tell me why? i want to sound like less of a "faggot"...i think..(well not really, i'm more just interested why you think that?)
ps: i might be gay? was that your only argument? i'm not offended..just want to know why you said it?
i'm upvoting you hoping you give a reply.
@_date: 2019-07-04 08:49:34
Well first of all, it's not terribly smart to put too much confidence when it's all based on distortion.. he Federal Reserve itself is now such a huge buyer of treasuries as part of its attempts to stimulate the economy in the time since the recession of 2008 and 2009 that the yield curve itself is now distorted. 
 
The 10 year may be down, but the 3 month  (where the Fed operates) jumped up almost 10bp today. 
Bonds morons risking 30%-50% for a paltry percentage yield
My money is on the S&amp;P staying high or going higher until election day.
After that, who knows.  But I am not betting on a fall in prices until after Nobember 2020.
The DOW, S&amp;P and NASDAQ all closed at record highs today (I believe the dow has a record high over 100 times now since 2016)
Market Summary &gt; Dow Jones Industrial Average
INDEXDJX: .DJI
26,966.00 +248.57 (0.93%)
30,000 here we come
S&amp;P 500 Index
INDEXSP: .INX
2,995.82 +22.81 (0.77%)
S&amp;P is less than 5 points away from hitting 3,000
The definition of a recession is 2 quarters of negative GDP growth: It's only a recession until the revisionists say it is.
Tl;dr: don't take this  too seriously, 
no need to bet against the US economy as the stimulous bitcoin needs by the way. 
and in other BTC related news.... just look at what gold is doing. Bitcoin almost always follows the trend closely after. 
My money is on bullish stock market and BTC for the forseeable future.
I am not a HODLer "everything will be great!" kind of person who just says this stuff based on my analysis of hopes and dreams..i bought in big on BTC back in February when i saw it was due for a run soon.
I am comfortably holding fairly large positions in 
BTC 
stock portfolio 
and gold
and my concern for any of the 3 is close to zero at the moment lol.
Personally, I plan on continuing to hold both.. I dont give other people investing advice, for a lot of reasons.... but I do let people know when I'm confident in my positions and they can choose to do whatever they want with that info. I don't do it often.
If you aren't making money in this economy you are doing something terribly wrong. 
and seiously, using 3 month yeilds to try and predict a pending recession is ... flawed. 
if you want my opinion on that too.... I rolled my eyes while reading this article. 
How long before Stiglitz and Krugman jump on this recession train? protip: if 
NPR, yahoo, slate, salon, forbes, cnbc, usa today are all running headlines about Inverted yield curves and pending recession.... pretty safe to assume the opposite of that is going to happen..
as if the average yahoo and salon.co reader understands what the f*ck a 3 month bond yield inversion is LOL
this is a nothingbuger....  only an idiot would look at my stock performance and decide to sell any of it any time soon.
the part of my post about many happenings in the market for stocks and BTC... good things....that is not.
the president said some interesting things about QE today on twitter.... i would consider that a que that it's not too late to jump on the btc or gold train.
long post... but... sorry op 


it's really not (no offense intended) 
also completely unrelated to btc 


you are looking at the wrong country for this line of thinking at the moment my friend. turn your head and point your eyes at china.
i'll stop here before I end up typing 10 pages on that topic alone lol.
@_date: 2018-09-03 15:00:54


If I have this straight
The IMF told Argentina to stop propping up it's currency with bailout funds, which has been causing a financial/currency crisis... which the President has blamed on "mostly external factors" rather than reassessing his own monetary policy and be willing to consider that this might be his fault?
and the only economic growth Argentina is seeing is from exporter's making a killing off the plunging price of the peso
so in order to get the net batch of bailout cash from the IMF... or in other words... "more debt please"..... the Argentinian President has decided the exporter's need to "pay their fair share"
he's going to slap price controls and higher taxes on what little economic growth the country's economy has left? in order to more quickly take on even more debt from the central bank.
and Argentina has set a target to balance the budget in 2019, and achieve a primary fiscal surplus of 1% in 2020 (thanks to raising over 350 billion pesos in export taxes)
which he has warned will " Cause More Poverty". 
I guess my only question is... you know this isn't going to end well, right? 
"Raise Taxes, Cut spending , Cut Services to the peasants " The is the IMF's motto in a nutshell
It would be wise of Argentina's President to forego any future dealings with the IMF, cut all taxes on everything except sales tax, end all price and wage controls.Like the exact opposite of what he's choosing to do pretty much.
Also I imagine people are going to panic when they hear their president say the words "this will lead to more poverty"
Edit ehhh
@_date: 2019-11-18 00:29:30
This is amazing
@_date: 2019-11-14 15:06:24


Just for you darling. 
@_date: 2019-11-14 15:05:35
Here some great mind at ZeroHedge decided to write an article about this just backed up everything I said with an article published right after I wrote the post. It's got graphs and stuff. Literally hours after I said it someone decided to back up everything with stats and facts and published it.
You bozos = housed.
I never said anything about China not being incompetent by the way. 


May I ask what they do tell you about? Several active hot wars, 3 ended, with two cold wars heating up and They never mention fucking China?
Are they all enlisted in the Air Force organizing tool boxes in New Mexico  between trips to the strip club?
By the way you are completely fucking missing the point. I said war tensions have been buiding for two decades and the trade war prevented that potential war which was going to inevitably take place in a decade or so unless something changed the course of things (and something did do that. The President did)


so literally the exact opposite of this was my point.... except for the fact that they did try to ram one of our Destroyers off the coast of Taiwan and missed by just 45 feet last year... then specifically said they would declare war on America if we interfere with Taiwan's independence. 
So there's that....


By the way... at the risk of getting myself in trouble for saying the word retard... but I am sorry. You are fucking retarded. 
I can't even counterpoint this because it's not a rational coherent statement based on reality or facts. It's something a mentally retarded person might say.
@_date: 2019-11-13 09:10:17
chinese government declared war on crypto's because of it's ability to allow citizes to launder money, meanwhile their upside economy is based on debt on future economic output back whe they were on pace to outgrow the us a the world suerpower within the decade and thought the new guy in the white house was bluffing about the trade war stuff and 25% tarriffs on us imports unless they negotaite a free trade deal. its the reason they want hong kong back so badly and have been hoarding gold along russia. .as much as they can get anyway. as another guy mentioned they are desperate for foreign currency. i dont think a lot of people realize justhow big of a threat china had become, and how badly they lost it while their economy has been pummeled into submission 
the trade war in all liklihood prevented an actual war. between nuclear superpowers who have been preparing to fight a war with each other for 3 decades now. (on aother note, when you implement a "no female children" policy to curb population, another thing i dont thnk people realize is that the result 20 years later is a a country of 1.3 billion men who have no hope of ever finding a wife and who's life is dedicated to the military...)
but of course they banned crypto back when they didn't think anyone was about to stop them from continuing to grow unchecked while they refuse to sign a free trade agreement  
fast forward 2 year later 
[citizens can't launder money if the  country doesnt have any it lol]( 
btw they are promoting their own crypto and have not changed their stance on bitcoin remaining illegal. 
essentially i see no reason why this will affect the btc market.. it's just them grasping at more straws while desperately trying to maintain total control 
this headlie might as well read "china embraces dogecoin"
@_date: 2019-03-19 00:05:29
thank you for the correction my friend
@_date: 2019-11-14 05:41:49
Yeah but can you list how many of them averaged 9.5% GDP growrth between 1979 through 2018, 
im not being a dick (even though the rest of you are) and im willing to discuss it to anyone who actually cares.. but before i continue.. if i say the phrase "belt and road inititiative" would you know what i'm talking about or have to google it. 
im not being condescending (even though you alll are for some reason lol)
... iust have a headache. and if you have to google it, or if you honestly don't know the difference between the US national debt and china's debt crisis.. like  NOT AT ALL SIMILAR .... 
and don't know that xi told his military to prepare for war with the US in his first address of the year... 
where the hell do a bunch of people who didn't realize that we've had growing military tensions with china for the last 20 years get off trying to be condescending lol . they tried to ram one of our navy destroyers off the coast of taiwan last year and said they would declare war if we interfered with their independence for fucks sake lol.  
you think the president was just like "ehhh... tarriffs are fun... and fuck china... yeah... fuck china in particular.. for no particular reason. 25% for you fucks. japan, korea, taiwan, india... they're all okay in my book. but fuck you china"
and 40 years of 9.5% gdp growth suddenly comes crashing to a halt
meanwhile their announcement of new MaoZeCryptocoin you all think is a complete fucking coincidence and an endorsement of bitcoin... which the article even says is, and will remain illegal in china. 
@_date: 2019-11-14 05:54:34
so, tell me, are you disagreeing that building their economy around the belt and road inititiative and uncollectable debt is a flawed system similar to a pyramid scheme and 40 years of 9.5% gdp growth coming to a crashing halt the second we stopped letting them bend us over a barrell with one way tarriffs until last year
or do you disagree when xi told his military to prepare for war with america that he was talking about a different america
or are you one of those people who is super defensive of bitcoin and got offended because i pointed out that the article specifically says bitcoin is and will continue to be illegal and this is the opposite of an endorsement... more importantly..  it is is the opposite of allowing 1.3 billion citizens to be able to start using it again like they could prior to 2017
you'll have to specify what part of the word salad you think im just talking out my ass of for fun 
please excuse me, you seem educated and i am but a simple navy seal war hero trying to make sense of the civilian world now
@_date: 2019-11-14 05:17:01
Im not gonna get into this because its more effort than i'm willing to type, but with all due respect.. you're wrong. hell my best friend just ended a 3 year tour in a nuclear sub floating off the coast of china ready to fire
aside from economic and international relationship reasons...
have you ever heard of a country called taiwan?
not to be a dick, but i'm not exaggerating when i say... xi's literal first announcement to his country this year was an addresss telling the military to prepare for war with america lol. 
last year they came within 45 yards of intentionally trying to ram one of our destroyers in the south china sea in what is supposed to be intentional waters (but they disagree...it's too close to taiwain.. which they consider their property)
much like hong kong...where my business partner lives.  (just sayin) 
heres a bunch of random search results i just pulled randomly to counterpoint.
the trade war has more to do with china itself than it does with trade. 
you know they have two aircraft carriers now too?
if you've even vaguely from  a distance following international politics or economics for the last 20 or 30 years this should not be news to you. 
Russia has no fucking interest in starting WWIII with america lol. what the fuck would be their incentive to do that? 
im not saying anything profound or top secret here... although i know plenty of current and former military who would also respectfully disagree about what the US's  threat is and has been for a while and we watch them very closely.  
that nuclear sub thing i mentioned would technically be considered an act of war by the way... the person who told me all about what life is like under the ocean off the coast of china for 3 years..could technically get thrown in jail just for telling me about what he was up to for the last 3 years since i last talked to him. floating around in a nuclear sub off the coast of china mostly i guess.
no it's not fantasy. one of the titles of those articles says word for word "The US and NATO are preparing for a major war with China"
another says "us-china-war-increasingly-a-reality-chinese-army-official-says"
another says "President Xi tell's military to 'Prepare for War'" 
things have calmed down now. 
no one was just paying any attention when tensions were at their highest because the country was obsessed with Russia for some fucking reason
and before I get too political... again.. the time when Russia was actually more of a threat was that time when.. oh say ...**when they bribed our secretary of state $150 million dollars in exchange for 20% of our country's uranium reserves**. 
or when china had real time access to that same person's illegal private email server sending confidential info from the top state dept officials (and the president himself) and cooincidentally
at the same time **china rounded up alll of our cia agents and publicly executed them to send a warning to america**, and to this day "no one knows" how they were tipped off... gee i wonder
@_date: 2019-02-05 12:06:52
if someone else other than yourself is control of your bitcoin and you don't even have the key... you have not invested in anything. you gave someone your money. 
hadlines like this make me laugh because i can't tell if the person at the miami heral doesnt know what the word investment means.or if they don't know how bitcoin works.. or both. 
but when random papers starts hitting on bitcoin its usualy a good indication of a bull market coming
if paul krugman chimes in about his latst prediction of how long until it becoes worthless. then its time to buy as much as you can lol. 
and i say that jokingly..but i very literally mean that at the same time haha. i have never seen anyone be as rong about every single thing he has very prdicted in his life over and over and over again and somehow be wrong every single time ahhaha.
@_date: 2019-12-18 10:40:10


Oh really? because I'm banned from using paypal because of an ebay dispute from 2015 where ebay addmitted they f'd up but apparently they do not have a deparment to deal with F-ups on their side, not do supervisors (or their supervisors) have the authority to fix it.. and they own paypal now.. so.. sucks for me
or how ACH regultions allow a bank 5 business days for a wire transfer and most banks limit you to $5,000 withdrawals in a day, and anything over $10,000 will get you flagged for audit by the IRS?
What is so great about established fiat payment networks?
not to mention.. cant you send btc over paypal now? (kind of f'ing retarded and defeats the purpose a bit.. but i thought i read that... i wouldn't know.. because i'm banned. along with tens of thousands of other people who have been banned for their political opinions being too conservative and whatnot...)
@_date: 2019-12-18 15:06:08
What did I say that makes you think I was?
Also I didnt ost any theories, I asked you a question you illiterate retrard.
@_date: 2019-12-18 08:00:43
This guy stock markets
@_date: 2019-12-18 13:54:41
You troll bitcoin forums promoting fiat currencies and stalk the posting history of everyone who makes the mistake of replying to you
@_date: 2019-04-20 19:40:29




No deal.
politicans should be worrying about our government's monetary policy and economic growth. bitcoin's doing just fine without them meddling and giving their ideas on trying to  regulate a currency that's entire existance is based on it being decentralized and unregulated
this honestly sounds like a sales pitch to try and kill bitcoin by offering taxes and regulations as an  alternative to an outright ban that would be impossible to implement
i may be mistaken but that's the first thing that crossed my mind when i read that .... thats what i would do anyway haha
@_date: 2018-11-27 15:50:00
No. lol. Not even close. 
@_date: 2018-11-20 13:47:47
He actually did run for president under the libertarian ticket in the last election lol
@_date: 2017-05-08 18:24:22
the dashboard sends me to this link 
thank you for that one though
@_date: 2018-12-01 12:35:16
As a colorblind person, i would like to know what the colors on the left, center, top and bottom mean as well?
@_date: 2019-05-26 05:42:26
The easiest way to tell when btc is in a bull market is when a bunch of people start desperately trying to convince you that it isn't lol