@_author: my_green_van
@_date: 2017-12-06 04:43:37
Good post, we all have these little mental tricks to help our minds process what mindfulness actually means in the here and now, the trick is finding the ones that resonate with you. Thanks for sharing!
@_date: 2017-12-06 05:16:16
This is a good opportunity to do the reverse of my earlier comment and go 'from the dirt to the clouds.'
Maybe the greatest thing Mindfulness teaches us is to observe our own responses and find wisdom in the question of "why?"
Why did I do that? Why did I say that?  Why did I feel like that? What impulse was so powerful inside me that I felt the urge to come into a place of light and create darkness? 
Because whether there's empirical evidence or not, by using the practice of mindfulness to learn how to ask and answer these types of questions of yourself, you will no longer feel the need for external validation of its benefits. Good luck, friend!
PS. To find the empirical evidence you seek, of which there is actually plenty, I recommend starting by googling Jon Kabat Zinn and his studies at the University Of Massachusetts Medical Center. 
@_date: 2017-12-06 05:22:53
Agreed, mindfulness is nothing more than a game of inches! Thanks for the recommendations, will check the latter out as I've never heard of it before. Wish you much continued success with shifting your perspective!
@_date: 2017-12-25 03:20:47
Source 
@_date: 2017-12-06 04:44:43
Just another work in progress like everyone else right? :) Appreciate the love!
@_date: 2017-12-05 10:35:14
Although I agree with every word here, that's often too theoretical of answer for what people are really asking which is 'ya but how?' 
You gave the right answer of course with Mindfulness, but to take it to a more practical/actionable place (or as Gary Vee would say, from the clouds to the dirt), there's really only one place to start because it is the ONLY thing that will SHOW someone what all those awesome things you talk about FEEL like, which is the key to being able to find your way back there when you're in need, fortunately, as I'm guessing you know, that place is right under your nose in the form of your breath. 
By setting time aside (it can be as little as 3 minutes!) to observe the physical sensation of your breath moving in and out of your body (either from your nostrils, lungs, or belly, whatever feels most grounding to you), and gently and KINDLY returning your attention to it each and every time your mind wanders away, you begin to develop muscle memory for "being present". And after you've done it long enough (could be one session or could be 100, each person is different), something WILL eventually click and you'll experience a moment of PURE PEACEFULNESS the likes of which you've literally never known (which your mind, being the asshole it is, will immediately ruin by being all like 'omg omg I did it, I'm so awesome, holy shit maybe I'm Neo!')
But once you know, really, REALLY know where that 'place' you just travelled to is, getting back there will always be within your reach...as long as you continue to practice (yes, we talkin bout practice).
The key, and where a lot of beginners struggle and often quit too soon, is to not think of getting 'lost in thought' during the exercise as failure; in fact, suddenly recognizing that you've been in your mind instead of on your breath is literally THE ENTIRE POINT. Because the minute you realize you've been lost in thought you are...well, no longer lost. So instead of feeling bad or frustrated and thinking it isn't working (what isn't? Breathing? Ummm ya, it is), try to see each return to the breath as an unabashed victory, exactly like completing a rep in the gym when building a muscle, which, by the way, also has endless 'failures' within it...and yet the muscle continues to grow regardless as long as you just continue to lift.
Hopefully that can help someone here, be it the OP as he begins dealing with his incredible loss or anyone else struggling with something similar. Remember that although time may never heal, it sure as shit does a good job of dulling the pain.
So hold on tight and 
Just. Keep. Breathing.
@_date: 2017-12-06 05:19:13
Couldn't agree more! 
@_date: 2017-12-06 04:51:57
I know from first-hand experience how horrible panic-attacks are so I'm sorry you had to go through that your first time out! With that said, more often than not the harder your mind fights meditation, the clearer the signal it IS indeed for you. Without awareness (another term for mindfulness) our minds will always be our master rather than our greatest tool. Freedom never comes easy, right? When all else fails, try try again!
"You should sit in meditation for 20 minutes a day. Unless you're too busy, then you should sit for an hour." -Zen Proverb
@_date: 2017-12-06 04:38:48
Love that! May even steal it and put it on a t-shirt. 
@_date: 2017-12-06 04:42:04
Seems like you already got some great advice below so I won't repeat it other than recommending you read both my and their post again because sometimes it takes a few runs for your mind to really digest it all. Other than that I'd look for anything done by Jon Kabat Zinn who is a molecular biologist and the king of applying the concepts of mindful meditation into day to day life. Good luck!