@_author: my_name_is_worse
@_date: 2017-07-12 23:27:27
If congress audits the Fed, the Fed is now a political institution. Look at how irresponsibly fiscal policy has been managed by congress and ask yourself if you want the most powerful monetary policy institution in the world run like that. Imagine a president wants to be reelected. They can now force the Fed to conduct expansionary OMOs that boost the economy in the short term and result in a massive crash soon afterwards.
@_date: 2017-07-14 00:03:33
Had the Fed not done that, we would have entered a second Great Depression.
@_date: 2017-07-13 03:55:02
The fed is already audited by an outside group (loads of other people describe this in the thread). This makes sure there’s transparency and competency.
If congress is auditing the Fed, it lets them portray the fed in a certain light, take statements out of context, etc. This incentivizes the Fed to pursue expansionary monetary policy (“more jobs”) around election times because it’s easier for members of Congress to be reelected in a good economy.
I would also say the Founders opinions on central banks should be taken lightly as modern economics was in its infancy when they were around. Macroeconomics has changed a lot since then. It was only relatively recently that the US moved from gold-backed currency to fiat currency. 
Could you outline some of the reasons why the founders didn’t like central banks?
@_date: 2017-07-13 23:22:34
It’s one of the least political institutions in the U.S. Do you see Presidential candidates running on “lower interest rates for more jobs” or anywhere near the level of political attention that a Supreme Court Justice would receive being given to the Fed chair? No.
@_date: 2017-07-14 21:21:45


Modern orthodox macroeconomics suggest that the way to deal with recessions is through the buying of bonds (and in this case toxic assets too) by the fed and increasing government deficit spending. This injects cash into the economy, encourages borrowing, increases employment, etc.
Could you elaborate on how this causes long run stagnation?


From what I’ve seen, Japanese stagnation has much more to do with low consumption by an aging population and a very low rate of population growth due to low immigration and birth rates. The Japanese economy isn’t expanding due to land or labor, so the only route is capital, which hasn’t been enough.