@_author: myearlyescape
@_date: 2019-07-18 04:33:23
Does John McAfee have to eat his own private parts on live TV in 2020?
@_date: 2019-11-14 05:55:50
Try the book ‘The Internet of Money’ by Andreas Antonopoulis. It’s available on Amazon. Alternatively there is a wealth of free information available online. Just Google it.
@_date: 2019-08-22 11:03:43
I’ll be buying the kindle version. But I do think a book like this extolling the virtues of bitcoin should be for sale in bitcoin. Not saying it should be the only method but should be one of the methods of payment. Guess I’ll have to pay with my crypto visa debit card instead, so I’ll still ultimately be paying in BTC.
@_date: 2019-08-28 08:45:32
Perhaps because contrary to some people’s assumptions a person’s wealth generally has very little to do with how smart or dumb that person is. Also that people can be smart in some ways and dumb in other ways.
@_date: 2019-08-04 04:17:40
Technically, not to be pedantic, it IS a particular kind of stealing, at least in my country. In my jurisdiction at least the legal name for stealing is “larceny.” One sub-set of larceny is “larceny by mistake.” It becomes “larceny by mistake” at the moment that the recipient realises the mistake was made but decides to keep the mistakenly transferred value anyway. In this case it was not larceny (stealing) because the OP decided to give the mistaken transfer of value back. As indeed he should have. If he had decided to keep the BTC despite knowing a mistake had been made it would definitely have been a kind of stealing in my country (“larceny by mistake”) and undoubtedly in many other jurisdictions also. Source: Law qualifications.
@_date: 2019-10-27 09:35:43
My previous comment did not age well I will admit! ha ha
@_date: 2019-10-07 05:22:48
This is fantastic. This is the kind of thing we need to see more of.
@_date: 2019-10-14 00:59:49
I have a different “subtle feeling”, that we are headed down (deep down) into the crypto abyss.
Reasons for this feeling:
1. BAKKT was a flop
2. Bitcoin ETF rejected (once again)
3. The whole pump from 3k to 14k was obvious whale manipulation, ever since the “April Fool’s Day” 1k candle. (&amp; now the whales have apparently cashed out &amp; stopped pumping.)
4. No new retail money entering the space - just the same old money sloshing around.
5. Lightning network STILL didn’t fulfil its promise.
6. Too soon for halvening hype to kick in (give it until early 2020, then I expect a pre-halvening pump.)
Don’t get me wrong, long term I am a massive BTC bull but right now - where is the immediate catalyst for BTC to “Xplode” going to come from? Sounds like pure hopium to me.
@_date: 2019-10-24 21:58:21
I agree, but a much bigger issue is futures contracts &amp; fractional reserve methods on exchanges, both of which increase the EFFECTIVE supply of BTC as traded in the market well beyond the actual eventual theoretical limit of 21 million BTC which is technically available on-chain. This is one reason why the 2017 bubble popped on the very day CME futures launched in December 2017 and has never recovered to those heights since. CME said they were going to use Futures to “tame bitcoin” &amp; that’s exactly what happened. They  were unable to inflate the actual supply of BTC so they used financial trickery to effectively inflate the BTC supply on the futures market. &amp; then there’s the crypto exchanges &amp; their fractional reserve techniques, just like the banks. Effectively they create “BTC” out of thin air by showing a balance in your trading account. But the BTC doesn’t actually have to exist until you decide to withdraw it to an actual BTC wallet. Just like the banks don’t actually have all the cash on hand to cover their customer’s deposits and rely on the fact not everyone will want to withdraw their funds at the same time. Those financial people have been playing these kinds of games for hundreds of years and they are experts at it. We need to promote peer-to-peer and decentralised exchanges which use on-chain trading. Not much we can do about the futures markets unfortunately.
@_date: 2019-10-05 07:41:53
I can vouch for the truth of this post. I have a bitcoin visa debit card and it works perfectly to pay for good and services or even to make ATM cash withdrawals, just as quickly and easily as using fiat. Bitcoin is just as scalable as fiat using such solutions, but at the cost of losing the benefits of decentralisation. Of course with BTC, unlike fiat, I can store the bulk of my BTC in a decentralised fashion on the blockchain instead of with a trusted 3rd party &amp; retain ownership of the keys &amp; only transfer BTC to my visa debit card linked wallet when I want to spend some. I agree Bitcoin is being unfairly compared to fiat and other assets in relation to scalability.
@_date: 2019-09-01 11:37:35
Personally my rule of thumb is I don’t make decisions based upon maybes or hypotheticals. If we made decisions that way we would never end up doing anything, we would suffer from paralysis by analysis. I make decisions based upon facts and upon ethical considerations. Handing the lost property in is the right thing to do. If the owner hadn’t wanted it to be returned to them if lost then they presumably wouldn’t have written their name on it. I have always found honesty is the best policy. If you want to consider hypotheticals, how do you know it isn’t an integrity test? How do you know whether or not there may be a large reward for the return of the item if the finder is honest enough to hand it in? Again, those are hypotheticals. What is certain is that you are only responsible for your own actions not anyone else’s and handing in the lost property in is the right thing to do. Ethically that would be what I would do in your position.
@_date: 2019-09-11 09:03:00
 ‘Bitcoin: A Peer-To-Peer Electronic Cash System’ - If this isn’t a prime use case for transacting Peer-To-Peer as Bitcoin was originally supposed to  as per the White Paper (&amp; avoiding intermediaries such as ‘payments processors’ like bitpay) then I don’t know what is!
@_date: 2019-09-28 03:28:16
Yeah you don’t even really “own” your home. My grandma found that out when she was forced to sell her home &amp; give nearly all the money to the New Zealand Government when she went into care. That house is now worth 1.5 million $NZ. She died a broken hearted lady wondering why she had scrimped and saved for her whole life, denying herself the little luxuries believing she was ensuring her only daughter &amp; grandson’s future . If she didn’t “own” her home the NZ Govt. would have funded her rest home care for free anyway.  Her last words to me were “we may as well have enjoyed our money when we were young instead of scrimping and saving for all the good it did us. We may as well have pissed it all up against the wall.”
Learn from my grandma’s example people. You don’t really “own” anything that the Govt. can easily get their hands on or force you to sell so they can get their hands on the $. It’s all a big scam. They want you to slave your whole life to buy a home not for yourself but so they have an asset they can seize/force you to sell if and when the time comes. Don’t think you can pass any asset the Government can get their hands on to your kids or grandkids. Not if you live too long and have to go into care anyway.
@_date: 2019-09-28 07:42:53
Yes the mortgage was paid off. My grandmother’s intent was to leave the property to our family but she was forced by the Government to sell it to pay for her care. She had gone beyond our ability to care for her at home by that stage, she needed full time care. My grandfather went into care first, a few years before my grandmother. My grandmother was allowed to live in the house whilst she was still able to but as soon as she also went into care the house had to be sold. What it boils down to is the NZ Govt has closed all the potential loopholes. No the family do NOT get to keep the property or to sell it and keep the money. Not when the elderly person goes into care. The Govt can even go back years into family trusts that were set up to recover the value of the property in these circumstances (and the NZ Govt legislated away hundreds of years of law of equity in order to allow them to do this!) My grandmother had to sell the house and the NZ Govt. used the proceeds to pay for her care until she got down to the last $200,000 NZD and then the NZ Govt took over paying for her care. That is now a 1.5 million $NZ house and we were left with just $200,000. Her and my grandfather went through a war and worked hard their entire lives, scrimped and saved to pay off their mortgage, paid all their taxes and insurances and never spent a single day on social welfare their whole working lives and this is how they got treated for the crime of getting old and losing their independence . My grandmother died at the age of 94 heartbroken at how unfair it was she couldn’t pass what she and my grandfather had worked so hard for on to her only daughter (my mother) &amp; me. In my last conversation with my grandmother she said their mistake was to live too long and linger. I read the death certificate and it had a medical term for the cause of death which I had to google and basically it meant she died of starvation. I’m sure she deliberately starved herself because she didn’t want to go on living any more. This is what they do to elderly people now if they lose their independence. If they have any assets the Govt. takes them. If they don’t have any assets the Govt. pays for their care anyway. It’s legalised theft in my opinion.
@_date: 2019-09-01 20:03:32
That’s great news. Thanks for the update.
@_date: 2019-09-01 11:24:41
How about you hand it in at your local police station and let the cops try to identify &amp; locate the lawful owner. In most jurisdictions after a certain amount of time it will lawfully become the property of the finder if the owner cannot be identified &amp; located. If you truly wish to return it to the lawful owner then it is possible they have already filed a lost property report to the Police &amp; it will be able to be returned to them quite easily. Ask yourself what you would hope a person would do if finding your lost property. Sounds like you already know what the right thing is to do. You sound like an honest person. Honesty is the best policy.
@_date: 2019-09-24 22:35:53
Been waiting for the CME futures gap at 8.5k to fill for a long time. Guess what, it just filled!  Patience pays off. Had buy orders set at about 8.6k to be sure to catch it when it happened. Pretty happy even if it fell further it’s still a bargain &amp; just what I was waiting for. Remember all that matters is the price you buy at and the price when you either sell it or finally use it to purchase something. Everything else is just noise. Still very bullish on BTC long term.
@_date: 2019-09-28 03:16:00
Brilliant demonstration of how correlation does not = causality!