@_author: myfavouriteoption
@_date: 2016-04-19 06:45:22
OpenBSD likely is the most secure OS. There are many strengths about it that make it somewhat bulletproof. First of all yes it does have built in encryption. In more ways than one in fact. First there is softraid0 where it encrypts the entire OS basically rendering completely encrypted throughout and very difficult to penetrate. Coupled with the the fact that it encrypts the RAM, yes seriously, you get a system that's hard to hack regardless of physical access. Any good admin can use OBSD like any other OS. As a matter a fact I'm typing this on an OpenBSD computer right now.
Then there is PF... think the wall from Game Of Thrones... but a firewall. You would be insane to try and penetrate it without a lot of knowledge. You would need a hell of a day0 to even attempt it truth be told. Most Operating systems are fairly safe tho. But it's all about the attack surface you leave open, OpenBSD's mascot is a puffer fish for a reason.
I would say that in just straight up day to day computing OpenBSD is the best. I would NEVER go back to *gag* Windows or god forbid *shudder* OSX... whatever... fuck that shit. And linux is bloated. Unless you build something from source all you end up with is a FAT GUI and crap installers. With OpenBSD you can pick and choose from the installer, and 99% of the time you can do what you need for day to day life. There will be support for emulation soon so maybe there will be a ReactOS vm in a OBSD host type thing so you could run windows programs in that very narrow specific instance where you need to use a windows tool. But times have changed and now the most common programs are becoming open source. OpenBSD has a lot of FOSS type programs so I doubt you'll ever go without. Within reason anyway.
Now for using it to mine OpenBSD is another matter. You would need exclusively AMD hardware, and pretty intense firewalls considering the value of bitcoin. But that can all be done and OpenBSD basically supports most hardware, but check your equipment. 10/10 for me tho. Take a look at for more info
@_date: 2016-04-19 09:57:25
I'm not an expert. Just someone who uses it day to day. For bitcoin it is uniquely applicable but definitely not for the faint of heart. OBSD is not for your average user, it's for people who demand the best. But honesty I can't go without it now. I get paranoid sometimes about passwords. I also use TOR so OBSD makes sense. I use my pc to bank and manage personal affairs and bitcoin is no exception. If I ever manage to build a miner i will OBSD for sure.
The other BSDs are also worth looking into. FreeBSD has more hardware support, NetBSD is what OpenBSD is based on and has been around a while, dragonflyBSD has unique capabilities, and ghostBSD is more user friendly. But OpenBSD is my favorite, plus u gotta love puffy. .
@_date: 2017-12-13 15:18:13
You could probably start your own scholarship with that kind of money.