@_author: mynameiscass1us
@_date: 2018-01-16 22:24:54
You must be right. People from other planets aren't investing
@_date: 2017-12-12 02:55:20
He's just reading the chart.
@_date: 2017-12-16 21:11:05
Disagreeing doesn't change the fact that BTC and cryptocurrencies as a whole aren't common at all in Venezuela. Most Venezuelan don't even imagine such technology exists. Of those who know, just a few use it. 
It's just a very active community fighting against exchange control and rampant inflation. Exchanging local currency into another fiat currency is illegal and terribly inconvenient. 
There are about 30 million Venezuelans. 12000 guys exchanging BTC mean nothing, and that number is the whole market. Some people are mining there, taking advantage of the dirt cheap electricity prices. They do at a risk since it's illegal. There are no off-line transactions at all.
Just stop spreading this. It's not a matter of opinion. BTC adoption is not picking up speed in Venezuela. In fact, there isn't BTC adoption at all.
@_date: 2017-12-17 23:27:04
Venezuelan Government interest in BTC is just because it's a way to make bigger profits. They just choke any intent to freely exchange local currency.
The "own cryptocoin" is for money laundering and even more control over the exchange in Venezuela.
The lack of context is a bitch when it comes to understand Venezuela's situation.
@_date: 2017-12-16 21:12:03
There are no off-chain transaction at all. 
@_date: 2017-12-16 22:33:20
The stat is skew because there's a very specific reason why some people are turning to BTC in Venezuela. 
BTC in a free country is a mean of investment. In a hyperinflationary economy with a strict exchange control, BTC is a real store of value. However, it's very prohibitive for Venezuelans to buy BTC. Just a very few privileged ones have the means to do so. Most people don't have the money, the knowledge, the internet connection, or the computer/phone to use BTC, let alone 'to adopt.'
You're not wrong when you state it 'serves a purpose there.' But you're not even close when you say it's growing fast.
@_date: 2017-12-12 01:29:02
You have no idea how awfully polluting mining gold can actually be...
@_date: 2017-12-12 02:11:15
I'm not knowledgeable enough on this subject, but it seems you're overestimating how impactful to the environment it is to mine bitcoins while understating how terribly polluting gold mining is.
Not to mention, just a small fraction of the gold mined is used in a meaningful way. Jewellery or saving it in a vault doesn't seem to justify the impact on the environment that comes with its mining.
Yes. Mining bitcoins isn't exactly the greenest technology around. However, as we move to renewable energy, the impact of bitcoin mining will be diminished. The gold mining industry won't get much better on the planet, though.
edit: a couple words
@_date: 2017-12-16 23:23:54
Localbitcoin's stats are showing you the people who use BTC as a mean to keep their money from devaluing. They buy BTC when they get paid in Bolívares. They sell when they need cash in hand. 
Yes, some people might have investment in BTC, but they aren't doing it because "Venezuelan adoption of BTC." They'd be holding BTC because they already invest, probably even in the stock market as well. Rich people who are smart with their money usually invest to get a return. Adoption is a big word, and it definitely does not tells you what's going on in here. 
There are several mining rigs running in Venezuela. Electricity is dirt cheap, and even if it's not the most efficient rig, it gives you a great return in the context of Venezuela. However, the government knows where these miners are because the State owns the power company. They actually tracked down a couple some time ago and confiscated the miners. The owners were charged with Exchange Fraud and some other bullshit. I'm pretty sure those miners are still running, but the authorities are taking the profit now. 
@_date: 2017-11-22 18:40:22
I'd like to know that this picture was most likely taken somewhere in Colombia since they are buying Bolivares. They most likely take a big cut in the exchange, but it's about the few ways some Venezuelans have to exchange their money. 
Those Colombian merchants most likely have business across the border where they use those Bolivares. It's a very advantageous business for them.
@_date: 2017-11-22 18:29:49
There's NO private company destroying food at all. The Government is just trying to push their agenda that the whole problem in the country is caused by a 'war on the economy.' It's actually known that the Government has let tons of food and medicines to rot in the ports due to inefficiency and corruption.
@_date: 2017-11-22 18:36:08
European countries can keep the international and diplomatic pressure on Venezuelan Government, keep denouncing their human rights violations, and let Venezuelans flee their country without getting deported. 
European people can't do much since there's a very tight control over what comes in and out of the country. Sending provisions to Venezuela in mass will help the Government since they will give them to the people and just take credit for the action.
I hope people understand that most of the high ranked military people and almost all the government is involved in drug cartels and human rights violations. They also stopped observing the Constitution, so they just won't abide by the law. They know they're criminals, and the only place in the Earth they can be 'free' is in Venezuela. They won't let the power go anytime soon.