@_author: mynamesjudge
@_date: 2018-01-28 00:18:46
@_date: 2018-03-16 10:38:44
People who can actually value and speculate traunched debt collectibility are limited and the whole industry knew it, because they paid quants millions who still did valuations with giant caveats saying they can’t account for systematic failures in their models. If quants couldn’t do it while getting paid millions, folks at Moody’s and S&amp;P sure couldn’t, and bankers knew that. Therefore it’s safe to assume they didn’t rely heavily on those ratings. 
If they weren’t able to insure the securities which no one could value, then you wouldn’t buy and sell them at the volumes they were since the exposure would be too large. UNLESS someone could insure these risky speculative investments. But who would insure risky securities if you didn’t know what your risk was? No one would, which is why AIG and Fannie Mae were funded by tax payer dollars to sell insurance, because tax payers can’t decide on the risk they do or do not want to take on. It all leads back to The government sponsored entities (GSEs) that we’re established to “get the economy going” by incentiving banks to write mortgages, since owning a home is a sign of the American dream. 
You wouldn’t invest in a homeless person’s get rich quick scheme on the street, but if bill Clinton said you should do it because it will help America and he’ll cover your losses, you’d be a fool to turn that down.  
@_date: 2018-03-15 17:47:26
So you knew LOs were perpetuating crimes and knew of others doing the same at your level I’m assuming. 
The general theme is that those responsible are those at the top exercising the tone that this type of activity was ok. If you go all the way to the top you’ll find Greenspan and the Clinton administration. 
@_date: 2018-03-16 11:43:19
I mentioned this in another comment thread, but as you said, the big short did make it seem like it was easy to understand and value CDOs. In reality though, people who can actually value and speculate traunched debt collectibility are limited, and those who could actually account for what happened were virtually non-existent, and the whole industry knew it. They knew it because they paid quants millions who even with all the incentive in the world, still could only build valuation models with giant caveats saying that they can’t account for systematic failures or sweeping default rates in their models. If quants couldn’t do it while getting paid millions, folks at Moody’s and S&amp;P sure couldn’t, and bankers knew that. Therefore it’s safe to assume they didn’t rely heavily on those ratings.
That being said, if you had all of these securities which you leveraged up to buy and sell (giving yourself huge exposure) which no one could value, then you wouldn’t buy and sell them at the volumes they were since the risk exposure would be too large. If the risk was actually known no one would have allowed their ass to be on the line should these things lose even 10% of their value, let alone all of their value in some cases. 
UNLESS of course, someone could insure these risky speculative investments, thereby mitigating your risk of the unknown. But who in their right mind would insure risky/highly speculative securities if you didn’t know what the underlying value or what the probability of events would be from an actuarial standpoint? No one would, which is why AIG and Fannie Mae were funded by tax payer dollars to sell insurance, default swap, and other financial packages around these securities, because tax payers can’t decide on the risk they do or do not want to take on. It all leads back to The Government Sponsored Entities (GSEs) that we’re established to build the impression of an auspicious, steamrolling economy, and to “get the economy going” by incentiving banks to write mortgages. They believed Americans purchasing homes was a sign of a strong economy and prosperity, because historically, it actually was a good sign! However, they wanted to do this by artificial means via government intervention, because the rate at which loans were being made to sub-prime borrowers would have never happened naturally.
I always like using this analogy to illustrate. Imagine a meth'd out sketchy/homeless person on the street comes up to you and says 
*"Hey man, if you give ten bucks today, I'll give you twenty dollars tomorrow."*
What are the odds a normal person gives this person 10 dollars with the expectation they'll get 20 bucks back the next day? Slim to none. However, as you're about to say "thanks but no thanks" to this person, Bill Clinton and Allen Greenspan come up to you and say: 
*"Excuse me sir, we need you to loan this man 10 dollars for the good of the country. We understand it's risky, but people deserve a right to the American Dream, and this man needs 10 dollars to spend to make it seem like the American Dream is alive and well. We believe this man will certainly pay you back what he says he will, but since we know you're apprehensive to follow through with this transaction, we will insure your investment with him at an extremely cheap rate never before seen in the securities industry so you won't lose your initial investment (even though we know he's good for it.)"*
Enter AIG &amp; Fannie Mae... whose exposure to CDOs via credit default swap packages (CDSs) were outrageous and not at all hedged (most insurance companies make sure they have hedges and diversification in their insurance portfolio - i.e. if something fails and they need to pay out money, they have other investments which increase as a result of such failures and offset their losses - AIG and Fannie Mae did not do this.
The homeless man ends up not paying you, so you go to Bill &amp; Greenspan and ask for your 9.97 back (.03 fee for the insurance, obviously.) But it turns out they did this with millions of people, for hundreds of billions of dollars, and everyone is coming to them at once for their money back. But they don't have it. So now the Government is in an unfortunate position, and has no choice but to initiate TARP so that capital markets don't seize entirely. They then double down on what they've been doing by lowering interest rates, which again, is an artificial market intervention that encourages risky lending practices since the cost of money is so cheap. We're still here today, and risky lending (whether it be student or sub-prime car loans) is still pervasive because of it.
@_date: 2018-03-16 10:39:40
People who can actually value and speculate traunched debt collectibility are limited and the whole industry knew it, because they paid quants millions who still did valuations with giant caveats saying they can’t account for systematic failures in their models. If quants couldn’t do it while getting paid millions, folks at Moody’s and S&amp;P sure couldn’t, and bankers knew that. Therefore it’s safe to assume they didn’t rely heavily on those ratings. 
If they weren’t able to insure the securities which no one could value, then you wouldn’t buy and sell them at the volumes they were since the exposure would be too large. UNLESS someone could insure these risky speculative investments. But who would insure risky securities if you didn’t know what your risk was? No one would, which is why AIG and Fannie Mae were funded by tax payer dollars to sell insurance, because tax payers can’t decide on the risk they do or do not want to take on. It all leads back to The government sponsored entities (GSEs) that we’re established to “get the economy going” by incentiving banks to write mortgages, since owning a home is a sign of the American dream. 
You wouldn’t invest in a homeless person’s get rich quick scheme on the street, but if bill Clinton said you should do it because it will help America and he’ll cover your losses, you’d be a fool to turn that down.  
@_date: 2018-03-15 17:05:38
Well people got slammed for the fraudulent lending practices, Countrywide being an example that came to mind. What was the law that was broken, who broke it that wasn’t punished?
@_date: 2018-03-16 15:41:42
I agree, but they didn’t, and my point is that the roots of the issue started all the way at the federal level and that addressing the issue  isn’t as easy as throwing people at random levels of the scheme in prison while others go unscathed. I don’t like the blanket solution of throwing people in jail with obscurity
@_date: 2018-03-16 19:53:11
I agree, pretty much on the same page with everything you’ve said, though I do think the banks took up the precedent that was set and the tone that was conveyed. At least JPM has their risk diversified by being, as you said, on both ends of a transaction in some instances. 
Also, 100% agree about the bailout. We would’ve had a credit and money supply crisis that would’ve gridlocked the global economy, at least that’s the popular opinion of people more well versed in the macro side of things than myself. Henry Paulson I believe was the one put in that unfortunate situation. Nice to meet someone else with a more than surface level of what went down as I’m interested to learn more on the topic. 
@_date: 2018-03-15 12:49:26
What laws were broken that weren’t met with penalty?