@_author: mynewnewanonnovelact
@_date: 2014-08-22 19:15:44
Yeah, and how realistic of a chance does this 'governor candidate' have of getting elected? 
@_date: 2014-09-19 23:46:16
What a load of governmental regulation bullshit.  The market is all we need.  Please keep the government out of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-08-27 10:12:51


Sigh.  
"Guilty mind" , or mens rea, is a legal term.  Criminal acts require a 'guilty mind' and a 'guilty 'act' to be found guilty of a crime (speaking for U.S. law).  If there is no act, then a person cannot be punished for a crime.  Most people get that part. 
But a 'guilty mind' is also, usually, required to be proven.  That is, generally speaking, the prosecution has to prove not only X shot the gun that fired the bullet that killed Bob.  But that X wanted to shoot the gun that fired the bullet that killed Bob.  This is a HUGE point of criminal law, because the mental state of the defendant can largely determines what crime the person is charged with.  In a first degree murder, which carries the highest of punishments for killing someone, it has to be shown that the defendant wanted to kill bob and premeditated the crime.  Whereas in a second degree charge, the defendant killed bob and wanted to kill bob, but it wasn't a premeditated killing.  And if he found bob sleeping with his wife, which was such an act that would "cause a reasonable person to become emotionally or mentally disturbed", so he whipped out his pistol and shot bob, he might be convicted for voluntary manslaughter.  Or maybe the defendant didn't want to kill anyone, but just fired the bullet and it happened to kill bob when it amazingly penetrated two feet of concrete and then traveled another mile where bob was relaxing in a jacuzzi.  That he was acting without any intent to kill but with reckless abandon or negligent he might get an involuntary manslaughter charge.  
And what if the defendant was a child or insane.  Well, here is a key point where 'guilty mind' comes into play.  Because the law doesn't punish people who do not know or cannot know what they were doing or what they were doing is wrong.  That's why we have insanity defenses and children may not be tried 'as adults'.  
And sometimes your mental state is irrelevant.  These are the no-liability crimes where simply committing the act makes you guilty regardless of whether you intended to commit it.  Like statutory rape.  Don't get me started on statutory rape.
So listening to you go off on 'guilty mind' without understanding the specificality of its meaning, reminds me of the fucking retards whom I used to work with in 1992 who used to laugh at "zipping" things up, because they could only comprehend that "zipping" meant zipping pants and not a legitimately used term in IT for compressing files.
Anyhow, fuckit.  You are a retard.  If you want to prove how smart you are, go take the LSAT and get 160 or higher, study for four years to get a 3.5 or higher on your GPA, then get into a law school, and argue your bullshit with the law professor.
I had a wonderful Syrah last night.  Jaffur's Syrah 2010.  I recommend it.  91-92 by Wine Spectator I think.  $25 a bottle or so.  Drinkable now.  Fruity, soft tannins and a distinct vanilla finish. No oak, sorry.  Wonderful, wish I bought more.
@_date: 2014-08-22 20:56:36


Because planning to commit a criminal act and then taking steps to carry it out is itself a criminal act.  You can plan as much as you want.  But as soon as you begin taking steps to carry out that plan then you're breaking the law.  
Let's take the specific instance here.  DPR allegedly planned to have someone killed.  Thinking about how to kill someone in itself is not illegal.  Otherwise most mystery writers would be in prison.  But he had talks with an undercover agent to have another person killed, and allegedly supplied that person the money to commit the crime.  This is where the conspiracy occurs.  He cannot be charged with murder because he didn't kill anyone.  But he did, of his own volition, coordinate with another person and made steps to have another person kill someone.  That's a conspiracy.  It's probably sufficient for an attempted murder charge, but there might not have been sufficient evidence/cause to make that stick, so they're going for an easier conspiracy charge.
@_date: 2014-08-23 01:07:43


Well, this is your opinion.  And you're welcome to it.  The great thing about this country is that you do have the right to be a retard, just so long as you don't break the law.  And the law doesn't require a person's rights to be violated to commit a crime.  
Edit: Ah hell, a few glasses of Pinot and I'll argue with the retard.  The state does not act on behalf of an individual.  The state acts on behalf of all individuals.  Violating one single person's rights is not what a crime is about.  Prosecuting for a crime has a variety of legal theories, but primarily when the state prosecutes they are prosecuting based on the individual having broken the law and thus commiting a crime against the people.  Further, in most instances a person needs to have a guilty mind and commit a guilty act.  The guilty mind is that they intend to commit an act that was illegal.  In this case, planning out with somebody clearly shows evidence of the guilty mind.  So when does the actus reus (guilty act) occur?  Well, by your reasoning it only happens when the person pulls the trigger causing the gun to fire, and fatally injuring somebody.  However there are a whole series of events that occur before that which are also necessary.  In reverse order: Aiming the gun, pulling out the gun, walking up to the victim, hiding it in a coat pocket, loading it, purchasing it, etc   All of those actions from the moment a person decides "I am going to kill Bob" to the point they actually pull the trigger are acts to commit that crime.  It is a chain of actions from having a guilty mind to commit a crime to bringing about the events that cause the death of another.   And as far as the law is concerned, as soon as the choice is made (guilty mind) to making overt acts to commit the crime (guilty act), a person is guilty of attempting to commit the crime.  By your reasoning, a person walking up holding a gun in their pocket next to their sworn enemy and having told their wife 30 minutes early they're going to kill their enemy would be perfectly fine and the police wouldn't be able to arrest the person until the individual fired the gun.  That's fucking retarded.  
What then becomes for a jury to decide is if the state can prove that the person intended to commit the crime, and the acts were done in furtherance of commiting the crime.  Obviously, a defense of "Well, I bought this .38 for hunting" might be used, and it'll be for 12 peers to decide if that's bullshit and the person intended and started to move forward will trying to kill someone.  
@_date: 2014-08-23 01:31:11
France uses a civil law system, and not common law.  So yes, it's a little different from the U.S.  
[This article is about 60 years old]( bit I doubt the law has changed in france.
@_date: 2014-08-22 20:37:59
That's why there has to be some further actions in commission of the crime. And a large part also goes to how far they go into pursuing the crime.  If they talk about robbing a bank, that's one thing.  If they go about buying guns, ski masks, renting a fast car, and then all meeting up outside the bank at the planned date and time then it's a little bit more than a thought crime.
@_date: 2014-08-22 17:40:22
Sitting next to that all day would get annoying.  Imagine working for a bank and seeing posters like that except about how great USD are.
@_date: 2014-08-22 19:10:02
Uh, no.  For a conspiracy charge to stick one or more parties must have committed an overt act in furtherance to such agreement 
For instance, over a phone tap police hear Alice and Bob make plans for killing Charlie by  shooting him and dumping his body in a 55 gallon drum.  There is not enough to convict for a conspiracy.  If Alice goes out and buys a gun the next day, then that action may be sufficient for for the conspiracy charge for both.  The police don't have to wait till Charlie is dead and dumped in a river to make an arrest.  
@_date: 2014-08-21 16:39:23
First rule of not pissing your money away on risky investments that flop, get married.
@_date: 2016-01-21 01:38:58
He's hedging.  Clearly he's aware of the criticism he gets from the community.  But, he also doesn't think he is wrong.  I honestly think he has a great point and I'm not disagreeing with his reasoning either.  
@_date: 2016-01-21 01:34:19
He makes an excellent point.  Governments getting involved and acting against BTC is a very real possibility that could inhibit widespread adoption.  In the grand scheme of things, $4B is child's play.  There is a real risk that he speaks of if it grows to $40B or $400B, a risk that could prevent it from going anyfurther than it is now.  
I don't understand the mental blockage the bitcoin community has in recognizing this risk that he speaks of.  Clearly he gets it, he just has a different opinion and sees the governments being a HUGE impedance to widespread adoption.
@_date: 2016-01-21 01:55:07
Why do you think he doesn't have any?   The man earns $20,000,000/yr in his salary alone.  If he spent an hour on a Sunday evening being shown how to buy five bitcoin at $400 each, he still earned more in his salary than he spent.
@_date: 2016-01-22 23:44:18
No, your logic sucks.  He is very intelligent, tech savvy, and has the money to piss away.  The average person has none of those things.  
@_date: 2016-01-21 01:40:33


When government thinks it's becoming a threat, it will try.
@_date: 2016-01-21 01:46:10
Well, you can't block child porn or drug production either.  It's always going to exist as long as people have a strong enough desire to produce, distribute it, and consume it.
But they are highly illegal products with a strong cultural taboos, and there is a substantial barrier to access due to it being illegal.  It isn't something like regular porn or booze that you can walk into a C-Store and buy copy of JUGGS and a six-pack.