@_author: myopicseer
@_date: 2018-02-22 19:37:38
If you allow colonialism against your land and people... uh, it is your fault.  Not many Africans succeeded in colonizing the rich fertile lands of Europe and North America.  
@_date: 2018-02-22 19:40:04
Do I get paid a dividend of profits from the sale of a barrel?  Can I use a Petro at one of the country-owned/operated gas stations to purchase fuel or a bag of potato chips?  ...why would I want it then?
@_date: 2018-02-22 19:33:55
Not to 'pile on', because there is some truth in the fact that the US did not like the direction of the gov't, and the US did exercise its influence (economic and political power) to try to steer the leadership there away from a path that would not did not favor the rights and economic freedoms of its people.  
But, if the take-over by leftists in Venezuela was even remotely beneficial for Venezuelans, then you should not have witnessed the ongoing misery you see there today.  Additionally, Venezuela while rich in oil reserves, does not have the high grade sweet crude that, say, Saudi Arabia has, and thus it requires more expense in processing into fuels.  The low price / barrel of oil on the global market that the OPEC nations have maintained (in part to drive fracking operators in the USA out of business) has been a millstone around the proverbial necks of many countries whose primary export is oil.  Blame multiple factors, but autocratic socialism exercised over the economic sphere takes the lion's share of blame imo. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 17:14:20
The problem with your perception is that it is too narrow: based upon your watching, listening and consuming the Big Corporate media angle 24/7.  Consumers of 'conservative' media, on the other hand, get a broader view of reporting.  This is factually true, since those of us (me included) who consume mainly conservative outlet news sources, cannot avoid the mainstream lying media (because it is, "MainStream" and unavoidable).  I hear factual stories that are much more important (substantive to the everyday lives of Americans) that don't suite the One-World Gov't Big Corporate Media narratives.  So while most Americans think they are informed, they are instead truly deceived...and then those same people are worked into an emotional froth, and an eyelash away from taking up the proverbial pitchforks to gladly run conservative media completely into the trash bin of history.  Think exactly like Hogg, or be personally destroyed.
@_date: 2018-04-02 19:07:02
Does that on any common-sense level make sense.  Watching information-based outlet makes you less informed than not watching information-based outlet.  The Business Insider is owned by an ultra-leftist European media giant, Axel Springer SE.  Springer is the largest digital publishing house in Europe, with numerous multimedia news brands, such as Bild, Die Welt, and Fakt and more than 15,000 employees.  That is the same media giant that owns the major papers in almost all major European cities, and the papers in Sweden, for example, that refuse to publicize the violent crime wave of robberies and rapes committed by Third World immigrants against the native population (in a nation that historically has little to no violence or rapes).  This is the same media company that supports open borders and the supplanting of Christian European culture as the dominant culture on the continent.  
Part of Business Insider is also owned by Bezos, the same person who runs the Washington Post (a very leftist-ideological paper).  
Conclusion: Not only does this statement, on its face, contradict common sense: "watching Fox News makes you less informed than watching nothing...", it raises suspicions when it is a pro-left media source promoting that nonsense about a conservative news company that is its competitor.
@_date: 2018-04-02 19:11:06
Does that on any common-sense level make sense. Watching information-based outlet makes you less informed than not watching information-based outlet. The Business Insider is owned by an ultra-leftist European media giant, Axel Springer SE. Springer is the largest digital publishing house in Europe, with numerous multimedia news brands, such as Bild, Die Welt, and Fakt and more than 15,000 employees. That is the same media giant that owns the major papers in almost all major European cities, and the papers in Sweden, for example, that refuse to publicize the violent crime wave of robberies and rapes committed by Third World immigrants against the native population (in a nation that historically has little to no violence or rapes). This is the same media company that supports open borders and the supplanting of Christian European culture as the dominant culture on the continent.
Part of Business Insider is also owned by Bezos, the same person who runs the Washington Post (a very leftist-ideological paper).
Conclusion: Not only does this statement, on its face, contradict common sense: "watching Fox News makes you less informed than watching nothing...", it raises suspicions when it is a pro-left media source promoting that nonsense about a conservative news company that is its competitor.
@_date: 2018-04-03 12:35:42
Universities are bastions of administrators and professors who are tolerant of conservative thought.  (or not).  I can read a long 'study' that reaches the conclusion the 'researchers' set out to prove, but the premise itself is contradictory.  The response was not an attempt to rebut your source, but to rebut the self-contradictory premise the source you provided was promoting by choosing to publish it on their media platform.  
@_date: 2018-04-02 17:18:52
USA is a representative republic of gov't democratically elected.  We are not a 'direct democracy' but we are a 'representative democracy/indirect democracy'.  If we are going to emphasize truth and accuracy on that matter. 