@_author: mypassispass123
@_date: 2019-07-16 07:15:47
Not saying commit bank fraud, but couldn't you run a little side LLC that didn't require a physical  location? Like a web design or IT security consulting business. Then use that to open an account? Idk if you're in the states, but I have a crypto-related business (no fiat-crypto exchange related activity however, since that would require an NY bitlicence) and had no trouble getting a checking account and even a small line of credit. Technically my business is in the Information Technology category, since Cryptocurrency isn't an option on an LLC app.
Or just open a personal account and use it for making trades? Of course that could mettle up any tax benefits granted to the business.
I was going to do this, but I live in NYS and the way the laws are phrased here, even my CT registered LLC would need a bitlicense ($5k app fee; pay full time compliance officer; strict record keeping; random audits; KYC/AML taken to new extremes; long process; often rejected) to opperate, since I'm a resident of NY.
Banks ask what category your business is when you sign up. It's usually a pretty broad list. I mean getting a bank loan would be a whole different story, but getting a checking account and signing up online- I can't see that being an issue, or even a question.
If exchanges don't want to let you use a business account, that's a different story.
@_date: 2019-07-05 05:36:22
In the real though, is that for real? Obviously correlation doesn't mean causation, and the price of a commodity doesn't generally even follow the  overall market trend, but that's quite the coincidence if true.
@_date: 2019-07-05 05:40:53
Maybe, I just guessed, although I'd bet some languages do this. Maybe RTL languages like Farsi, Hebrew or Arabic?
@_date: 2019-07-05 01:04:25
I believe it's a linguistic-cultural thing. Like reversing a period's and a comma's purpose in displaying numbers.
@_date: 2019-07-06 01:10:11
Market cap is a better metric than price of one unit. Market cap is a representation of the total market value, price per unit is an arbitrary value. A company that has 10,000 shares outstanding at $4,000/share only has a market cap of $40,000,000. Apple's share price is $204, but it's market cap is almost $1,000,000,000,000. Market cap is one of the few metrics that has almost the same representation for cryptocurrencies as for a public company. Many people equate market cap with a company's value- but estimated valuation, net asset value, etc., are completely different representations. Market cap **is** what the market cumulatively values the *company* or in an other word: *project.* For BTC vs. BCH, this graph is pretty much an accurate representation (as both have had about the same circulating supply), but to be accurate in regards to LTC, the price should be normalized by multiplying each data point by the circulating supply at that point in time. This comparison does not really show anything.
**_NOTE: I am not taking any position, and honestly, I see most (at least gen 1) altcoins as simple BTC clones with a few lines of code modified that any novice programmer could accomplish (a few gen 2.0 altcoins I do see some genuine innovation in)_**
@_date: 2019-07-05 01:32:10
Get the IP address/URL of where they want you to go and I can hit them with 3Gbps+ of bandwidth in a DDOS attack from 24 personally owned IPs from 3 locations. And more if anyone else wants to join in.
I'm setting up a business and in the configuration stages, so my bandwidth is unused. Normally I wouldn't risk getting my IPs on a blacklist for being the source of a DDOS, but considering it's a scam, I doubt they'll be reporting anything to a reputable blacklist.
@_date: 2019-07-23 05:07:26
I believe you, but there must be more to it. How large are these cash deposits (more of a rhetorical question, no need to disclose specifics)? And you're saying cash, as in dollars deposited in person correct? I mean even a small-medium sized retail business could easily generate thousands in cash a day, even more if the products are higher priced with less markup. Jewelry stores in the Diamond District (NYC), regularly make trips at closing to the late night deposit boxes, carrying sometimes hundreds of thousands in cash (off topic, but interestingly, the people entrusted with the duty of making the deposits are pretty much the only people, beaides retired and active NYPD, law enforcement in general, etc., that are granted NYC [concealed] carry permits {long guns are pretty much prohibited except for cops or grandfathered permits, so it's the only way to have a firearm in NYC}, which are almost impossible to get except in very extreme circumstances- which is why almost all armed security/bodyguards in NYC are retired NYPD). But even a busy deli would likely have a few thousand in cash a day for deposit.
Now, I understand that if you linked your account to a Crypto exchange, that would raise red flags- but there would be nothing stopping you from opening a business checking account at a major bank, and then a personal account at a smaller bank that is less technologically advanced (to put it one way), like a local savings bank with a few branches, or a small credit union. Then make your deposits to the business account, set up an auto deposit to the personal account as part of payroll to the personal account- essentially just cutting yourself a regular paycheck (standard procedure for many businesses, depending on structure, more common in Corporations but also in LLCs, especially if there is more than one owner, or just to simplify personal tax liability or to simplify accounting and budgeting). Then use the personal account for exchanges.
You could also have multiple business accounts at multiple banks, make deposits into one, and then get bank checks from them to deposit into your other accounts. Spread out cash deposits over the accounts to keep any one bank from receiving too much cash that it would raise a red flag.
Finally, you can get a foreign LLC, along with a foreign bank account. You could also get a foreign bank account without having a separate foreign business, but with a separate LLC, you would be able to use all the exchanges banned/blocked in the US. I looked into this heavily when I was planning on launching an ICO to fund a project I'm working on, before securing private funding which, while costing me a large share of my company, allowed me to file patents to protect a few critical components of the project. Anyway, a *Cypriot* LLC is the way to go. About €5,000, plus a small yearly maintenance fee, gets you a Cyprus licensed business, a business account at a Bank in Cyprus, and a citizen of Cyprus to act as a "secretary" and 0.1% stake holder on paper (required to have at least one stake holder and employee [it's ok if they are the same person] be Cypriot to open a company there). Everything is taken care of by the service and there are several reputable services that are well reviewed and accredited. For a few thousand more euro, you get a full accountant that handles all taxes, business address in a shared office and Cypriot phone number with an answering service (to add legitimacy), and full time support that will handle any issues, guide you through the best practices to keep taxes and exchange fees to a minimum, etc. Cyprus has **_no_ laws whatsoever regulating cryptocurrencies, crypto exchanges, ICOs, anything in that domain.** Essentially, you "contract out" your Cypriot business (i.e. your US operation hires your Cypriot business for anything you feel makes sense- digital security or IT services are good ones). It is also very easy and relatively inexpensive to wire cash there internationally. You'd be able to make large wire transfers without going through a bank. The service that sets up your business there can take care of receiving and depositing your transfer, and let you know the cheapest way to do it. You would then be able to use any exchange, just use a transparent proxy or a VPN to set your IP.
You could also find someone overseas, and using multisig escrow with a service like bitrated. Have them buy bitcoin and place it in multisig escrow, and then wire them the cost plus a fixed fee or a small percentage, and when he picks up the cash, he releases the escrow. Depending on how much you're paying in in-person exchanges, it might be more cost effective.
I have a Philippine bank account that I used for trading bitcoin when I was heavily vested- now I just use Coinbase, since funding the account in the Philippines was a hassle and became expensive after the dual-Citizen who opened it came back to the states- meaning I could no longer wire the money to her and have her make the deposit in person. But that saved me thousands. Although trying to withdraw the leftover in the account after the holder returned to the US, via an international transfer, cost insane fees, so I left it with a few thousand US in PHP in it. But it's all good, I'm about to need it again, so when she is back in the Philippines in a few months, she'll be traveling with $9,500 and I'll be wiring several thousand more. I'll also (after a couple test runs) be mailing cash to avoid the fees.
Also, do you have dual-use B-ATMs? I mean buy/sell, or just buy? If you can do sell as well, then you can have a semi-self sustaining machine- handing out the cash it takes in.
May I ask what state you're located in? Just curious.
@_date: 2019-06-27 16:32:25
Or just print out paper wallets, store any live coins on a node, and don't fall for the hardware wallet gimmicks.
@_date: 2019-06-22 03:35:48
That may be so, but I'd speculate the recent surge in price has, at least in part, been driven by uninformed speculators associating all things blockchain/crypto with bitcoin- thus driving an influx of new fiat into the system. "Traditional' investors who shied away from the cryptosphere due to it's relatively abstract nature now see cryptocurrency being adopted by a top multinational and suddenly they want in.
So maybe not a fuck you to libra. But I get your point.
@_date: 2019-06-08 05:32:30
I mean, why does something need upgrades? Isn't that why we all still use MSDOS and store our stuff on bigger floppy disks? \/s
@_date: 2017-11-02 20:56:05
I also thought it may have been an attempt to increase difficulty of the main-chain. Higher difficulty means more Antminer sales, and also pushes small miners away from the main chain leaving more reward for the large/massive mining farms. So I have a question... When bitcoin recalculates difficulty:
Does it look back and average hash-rate? 
Or does it look back at various data points throughout the set time span?
Or does it look back to a single point and then calculate the difference between that and current?
How much of an impact does the instantaneous network hash-rate at the end of (or start of a new) epoch play on difficulty calculation?
My thinking is that by hopping between chains systematically, causing slight increases in block time, or even momentarily (if only just for an instant) moving an entire pool's hash-power all to the main chain/all to the BCC chain, at just the right time, a pool with a large enough percentage of network hash-power at its disposal could theoretically cause anomalies in difficulty recalculation. I also think other holders of significant hash-power (ViaBTC, others present for the NYA, etc.) might also be playing a roll in this-not just Bitmain/Antpool.
Because if difficulty re-targeting looks at fixed points and instantaneous factors, rather than global average, then by pulling away hash rate, say, at the beginning of an epoch and then throwing it all back right at the end of the epoch, there could definitely be a large impact on difficulty using this method.
@_date: 2017-11-07 04:02:47
It's clear some sort of manipulation is going on. Very clear. I don't consider myself an expert on Bitcoin, although I've read at least 70% of the bitcoin wiki and have been following it since it's price was in the single digits. There is just far too much information for someone to grasp that does not dedicate their life to it, and unfortunately, up until a few months ago, I had a 9-5 that took up most of my time. I recently started a small mining farm. My next step is a smart multi-mining pool with a built in p2p exchange and profitability based not off of current indicators, but future predictions. This has given me a lot of time to further my research. Currently in the start-up phase, I barely earn a living, but it's worth it because I love what I do. 
That being said, it kills me to see the blockchain manipulated by massive pools and mining farms. Just the idea of the New York Agreement made me sick. A bunch of big-shots getting together to decide what would be most profitable to them. Deciding the fate of perhaps the greatest financial achievement of the 21st century. What was once the people's coin, is now controlled by a small handful of individuals and interests. Every difficulty increase means less profit for my already struggling company, and for small time/at home miners- the way bitcoin was designed to be. Of course difficulty increases are inevitable, but these spikes are unnatural, and these empty blocks filled with spammed transactions are horrendous. There is without a doubt insidious motives at play. Bitmain just fundraised over 20 million to open 2 massive mining farms in the US! and that's just the beginning. 
When the Bitcoin Core developers decided to boycott the NYA and go their own way, it was a shining light on the cloud of corporatocracy that has enveloped what was once the peoples currency.
I don't advocate illegal activities, but I'd love to see Bitmain be DDoS'd off the face of the web. I'd love for them to become the next Mt. Gox. The worst part is, it is unknowing miners that give them their power. That is why I call for a complete an total boycot of    Antpool. 
If my pool is sucessful enough that I can get proper servers and fiber connections, I am going to offer completely fee-free, with full transaction bonus mining for bitcoin (I'll fund it with fees from altcoin mining.)
I will start an ICO to provide mining rigs at or below cost, and am working on a prototype for a small, cool-running, low-power ar home miner with wifi connectivity and WPS. I'll distribute it free of charge if I can, my goal is to get the manufacturing price down to below $20, and make it up in fees- all proceeds going to more of these devices. Even at low hashrate, if the devices were easy enough for anyone to use and wildly enough distributed, the power of mass decentralization could overpower.
If anyone is interested in helping with this project PM me. I need all the help I can get!
I am going to make it my life's goal to bring the People's Coin back to the people. 
@_date: 2019-06-23 05:18:21
Agreed. That's all I'm saying. I certainly will not be a user of the calibra, but I'm not complaining about the publicity it's brought to more legitimate crypto as a by-product.
@_date: 2019-06-23 05:16:23
I'm not debating that Zuckerberg is jumping on the bandwagon (although I'd say much closer to the Ripple camp than anything else), and I have no question that that all the factors you mentioned have played important roles in the cumulative surge over the past few months.
However, Facebook's recent actions have by far recieved the greatest publicity, and I find it hard to argue that that publicity did not work in the entire cryptosphere's favor- especially considering the timing of both Bitcoins recent jump and Facebook's announcement and subsequent Senate hearings on the matter.
@_date: 2017-11-02 16:32:28
Well at least I'm not the only one who thinks bitmain is up to no good but I think this could be evidence of much more nefarious acts on the part of bitmain. Thank you for that data. Very interesting.
@_date: 2017-11-07 04:30:23
I'm very glad this thread is gaining traction, and people have pointed out other anomalies. I like how Bitmain refers to ant negative comments about them as "smear campaigns" when it is the people and small time miners who have the grievances- hypocrites.  
@_date: 2017-11-02 21:04:06
Interesting read, thanks. I think there might be more at play as well.
@_date: 2017-11-02 21:05:55
I fear it may go deeper than just asicboost though.
@_date: 2017-11-07 04:22:57
Bitcoin was designed originally to have its network secured by an algorithm that at at the time only CPUs could do efficiently. So anyone with a computer could contribute to the network security and get a reward (in bitcoin for doing so.) Eventually, specialized technology came out that far overpowered the capabilities of a CPU. There is something called difficulty that is essentially how hard it is to get that reward (and how much power from these specialized machines/how many machines are needed to get lucky and find a block (like a page in a ledger, tracking transactions to make sure all coins are accounted for and no one is trying to spend the same coin, or fraction of, twice), thus giving you a reward.
The idea of this was that as technology increased, people with nefarious means could harness the same power to attack the network and "steal" bitcoins, so the network would continually adapt to make it harder to "hack," but also harder to find the blocks and get the reward for the "good" miners.
Eventually, the difficulty got so high that miners (people who own these specialized machines) had to pool together to find blocks and get rewards.
While smaller miners joined pools run by large companies, others bought tons of these specialized machinery so they could still mine on their own. As far as I know, there is only one company that still does this- Bitfury.
Bitmain is the largest producer of these specialized devices, and also runs one of the largest pools where smaller miners can help to get a piece of the reward.
But Bitmain (and possibly other large interests) are using their mass accumulation of power to manipulate the blockchain (the complete ledger and how hard it is to "find a new page") to make mining almost impossible for the little guy.
Major interests now hold closed door meetings (See the New York Agreement) to decide how to make themselves more profit. They have taken away the fundamental principle behing bitcoin, that the people control the coin, and vote on improvements. Bitmain has found some way to manipulate bitcoin for their own greedy causes, the people no longer have a real say. 
That's a gross oversimplification, but should give you the gist. 
@_date: 2017-11-02 20:59:30
Thanks, I started noticing abnormal increases in difficulty, which led me to start investigating on a daily basis, as I will continue to do so. I'm glad this post picked up some traction. Hopefully the more people that see it, the less people will give their hash-power to Antpool to use for it's own selfish goals.
@_date: 2017-11-07 04:25:00
That would solve it, the question is, will it be implemented, or will the powers that be find a way to keep it from happening?
@_date: 2017-11-02 21:05:06
Most certainly! Hopefully miners become aware of bitmain/antpool's shady actions and confusingly worded scams.
@_date: 2018-07-11 19:51:49
Exactly, I saw the market crash and sold everything at \~$19k (while it was still on its way up.) I got in when it was in the $700s- well, I started mining then. Unfortunately, I was unemployed at the time and for a long period living off my mining profits, so even though I knew I was loosing out when I had to hit up the bitcoin ATM for food money, I really didn't have an option. In the end I only had a few bitcoin left to sell, but being that I bought my mining equipment when bitcoin had just started to dip back then, my $7000 investment for a few S9s (and later some scrypt miners just before the market took off) still paid off- I do wish I hadn't been lazy and had just gotten a job so I could have held onto all my earnings.
What people don't or neglected to realize is that until 2017, bitcoin markets were rudimentary. Bitcoin followed a natural supply-demand price curve. Sure there were ups and downs, but due solely to demand (or lack thereof.) 2017 ushered in the market, easy ways to convert fiat to BTC and that's what created the massive upsurge, then the market started to dictate the price. There were other assets trading in high volumes against bitcoin for the first time. Bitcoin became the way into the altcoin market. The problem was, altcoins were trading 95&amp; on speculation- most having no actual inherent value. Add to that the fact that 90&amp; of tokens were scams that looked great unless you had the technical expertise to poke holes in their whitepapers and roadmaps.
Bitcoin jumped from $5k-$10k-$20k in what, 5 weeks, then you had all these so-called experts saying it was headed for $80k. So everyone gets in at $20k and loses 50&amp; in a week.
I know people that got in at $1,200. I told them to sell at $18k, again at $20k (but they said "you said to sell at $18k so what do you know") then it hit $10k-$12k and I said sell, but everyone was so sure it would rebound. Then it dips below $6k and these people are acting like they took such a massive loss. THEY STILL MADE &amp; IN PROFITS IN UNDER A YEAR- but the fact that they had the chance to make so much more, they are still acting like they lost.
@_date: 2019-05-30 13:19:37
Well what you're showing is at least transparency on Coinbase's part. They're allowing you to see all the data they hold on you. Google allows the same type of system (although Google's system is completely automated and instantaneous).
I'm sure if Coinbase was allowed to choose, they'd much prefer to opt out of KYC compliance. If all someone had to do was put in a credit card, account number or even a prepaid giftcard number, I guarantee they'd see a massive spike in signups, purchases and as a result profits from their (abnormally high) purchase fees.
But compliance with regulation is mandatory if they want to continue operating without facing cease and desist orders, frozen assets, crippling fines and the inevitable complete imposed shutdown of their service.
I'm not the biggest Coinbase fan, but being a resident of NY, it's pretty much my only option to purchase any crypto with fiat (unless I want to pay upwards of 10% at a BTM).
That said, I never keep any coinage in Coinbase controlled wallets after purchase, and I have found workarounds to pay a flat $20 fee and avoid IRS reporting when cashing out- albeit it requires several steps and is a pain to accomplish- luckily I don't cash out often, unless there's a pullback in sight greater than what I believe the short term recovery will be, and since I can always move crypto into Coinbase, sell into the USD wallet and not incur withholding- since that only applies when funds are moved out of Coinbase. I also have 5 active accounts (one for everyone in my family), so I can keep earnings under $50k from reaching the $10k IRS audit threshold in any one account.
And besides tumbling before any inevitable cashout, I move my coins to new accounts at least once a day, as well as send a couple dollars worth to random, high activity accounts I identify on Blockchain explorers. I also never store more than $999 worth in a single account, and when I can make purchases with BTC through anonymous, yet reputable (usually software) companies- in order to keep realized profit within the target zone and make it exceedingly difficult to track what was spent and what was change. I never tumble all in one day, instead, do that over a week or more, all multi-input/output tumbles, along with blockchain transfers via atomic swaps if possible. Since everything on a mobile device is essentially fair game for multiple parties, I also only use tails for LTS.
Anyway, kind of got off on a tangent, but you can't really villainize Coinbase for following regulations which failure to would mean ultimate intervention by a regulator or judicial body resulting in their demise.
I think it's a step in the right direction to be transparent in their record keeping.