@_author: myreddit10001
@_date: 2019-07-06 17:09:16
The main thing for me is the block chain and de centralisation idea, so governments like US cannot just print ‘paper’ and use it to buy weapons. With BTC you cannot just print more money like that. 
Downside is no protection for loss or fraud and the new fintech banks are start ups are giving very competitive prices for international transfers.
Maybe if BTC was regulated or the government gave some protection but kept it on the block chain so everything remains transparent would be a win win
@_date: 2019-07-07 19:47:38
Yeah, the third world can especailly benefit from BTC. The banks in Africa and Asia in a lot of those countries the banks and government regulations are all in favour of the banks and not the customer in many countries. Probably less protection of their money too, more fees, worse service and just in general seem more corrupt. BTC is big in Philippines and it makes sense as to why. And also yeah in dictatorships it enables you to store your own money and hide it and save it getting stolen off you from a corrupt government and with more options that sticking a gold bar or wad of cash under your mattress.
@_date: 2019-07-06 17:44:03
Currently the government can control whether companies are allowed to exchange BTC with banks so have a big influence over BTC. 
Unless everyone used BTC. But if we did. Gov would have a choice to try a regulate it or not. 
I an all for freedom don’t get me wrong. I like the blockchain transparency but currently don’t know what freedom I would gain by using BTC. 
Maybe if I lived in a more dictatorship kind of country where the government were more likely to just take money out of your bank. 
But the country I am from has a HUGE banking sector and lots of good new fintech options for banks.
Yes it’s still controlled by the government but your money is also guaranteed by the government too and the bank too which is a huge benefit. 
After reading another post I am wandering maybe some sectors are better to have a more socialist setup like healthcare and banking rather than a capitalist setup where it’s all just driven for profit. 
I do feel the US though would benefit from block chain because there methods of printing more money and not using the gold standard has encouraged a lot of corruption.
@_date: 2019-07-06 16:12:42
What is that benefit though that will make people rush to it? Because I love tech. And I loved the idea of transferring money for free but right now I still have to pay if I transfer bitcoin internationally.