@_author: myriadyoucunts
@_date: 2016-08-10 13:40:05
1CF76ACXHQVyPA6zwm6di5MENwHwdoRzG2 :)
@_date: 2016-03-02 02:06:12
I'm not American so perhaps I don't completely understand your line of reasoning, and I am reading between the lines here so forgive me if I'm representing you.
* *"Require 1 semester of constitutional law."* - sounds great to me
* *"Require that every student knows about jury nullification."* - sounds excellent
* *"Require study of the federalist papers that will show the intent of the constitutional writers."* - ok, this sounds good, but it seems that you're holding the constitution to be untouchable truth. I'm not saying that I know anything particularly objectionable in the constitution. All I'm suggesting is that, from my perspective, Americans hold the constitution as if it's some sort of secular Ten Commandments. In my country we also have a constitution, which is very difficult to alter or reinterpret compared to other legislation, but our culture doesn't seem to value it in the same way as Americans do.
Thoughts on this?
@_date: 2016-03-14 20:03:35
What has high block rewards got to do with the discussion?
@_date: 2016-03-24 02:41:12
Honestly, coming from a Bitcoiner, I've looked into gold investment but I'm not convinced... Seems to me like Bitcoin competes with gold for a lot of its use (store of value), and frankly, Bitcoin does a much better job. So would any goldbugs here like to shed light on why it is exactly that you're a goldbug? If you believe in cryptocurrencies, surely you think gold is in troubled waters?
@_date: 2016-03-14 20:34:08
My personal view is that alternative PoW altcoins are necessary for Bitcoin's health. They send a message to would-be aggressors that they're facing a game of wack-a-mole. 
With Myriad, currently there are no plans to swap out any algorithms. We're aware that it's potentially less risky to do with a multi-PoW network, so it's always an option, but so far the community has been resistant to the idea and chosen alternative solutions to past issues.
As for chained vs parallel hashes, the two technologies have vastly different implications.
With chained hashes, theoretically the design of an ASIC would be much more complicated than with mono hashes. It would not be impossible, just more costly to develop. When they were introduced, many altcoins with smaller networks were being utterly destroyed by the new sha256d and scrypt ASIC markets. The line of thinking was that, by using a chained hash algorithm, new altcoins could be launched that followed the so far successful progression of Bitcoin from CPU → GPU (hopefully for an extended time) → ASIC.
There are 2 main criticisms. One, is that developing an ASIC for such an algorithm would be very expensive. This only means that fewer parties could afford to develop them, meaning higher centralisation in the end. 
It also introduces many weak points rather unnecessarily. Take X11 with 11 chained hashes. Should just 1 out of 11 become critically compromised, the majority of the network might even be none the wiser, meanwhile this one elite hacker/miner somewhere in the world is mining far more efficiently than everyone else and eventually builds up a mining empire and seizes control of the coin.
On that last point, you could argue that sha256d could be critically compromised, and this would have the even worse effect of destroying the network entirely. This is true, but consider that the above scenario is also terribly grim, and something like 11x more likely.
Onto multi-PoW / parallel hashes...
If one algorithm gets compromised, it can be swapped out without ever having any effect on 80% of the blocks or miners. People can already use sha256d and scrypt ASICs to mine it, or GPUs.
Eventually ASICs will start to come online for the GPU algorithms. Given that there are 3 remaining GPU algorithms, an ASIC maker could choose to develop for one, but to develop chips for all 3 algorithms means enormous production costs. Also, given the unique properties of each of the algorithms, it's unlikely that ASICs would come onto the market for all 3 at the same time. Actually, one of Myriad's PoWs, Qubit, is a chained-hash cousin of X11, comprised of 5 algorithms. When ASICs become available for the 1st GPU algorithm, more efficient GPU miners will simply switch to the other 2 GPU algorithms.
The effect is, in theory, a record-smashing lengthy GPU phase, with a very gentle transition into a highly decentralised ASIC market. 
@_date: 2016-03-14 01:12:03
and how do you feel about the concept of multi-algo, as implemented originally in Huntercoin, later refined in Myriad, and adopted in Digitalcoin, Digibyte, Auroracoin, etc.? 
The idea being you have multiple PoWs (eg. 5) securing the same blockchain. Each PoW uses a different hashing algorithm, and has its own independent difficulty. Each is set a target block time, for example 5 minutes. In this case, a block is found every ~1 minute, and on average, each PoW yields 20% of the blocks rewards.
If the idea works, it could be said to have enormous implications for decentralisation of mining. 
@_date: 2016-03-14 08:39:38
Quite possibly. It's called multi-algo (or multi-PoW), and has been implemented in various coins: Myriad, Digitalcoin, Digibyte, Huntercoin, Auroracoin (upcoming hardfork), to name a few. 
The idea is that it doesn't resist ASICs, but rather it promotes decentralisation of ASIC manufacturing. 
Not sure how Bitcoin could change its PoW at this stage, though, given that miners wouldn't agree to it— unless a critical hole was found in sha256d.
@_date: 2016-07-19 01:09:55
Well, Bitcoin is infinitely divisible...