@_author: myshow
@_date: 2013-04-01 02:58:23
Good info. That's exactly how I got started and I used blockchain.info for my wallet. Sadly I could only make around $0.26 a day so I gave up because from reading reports 0.26 a day is not worth the extra load on your components. Makes sense. If my card was to blow after a month $7.20 isn't going to buy me much of a new one.
@_date: 2013-04-01 22:41:38
Ok. I am a complete noob when it comes to BTC and so over the last few days I have looked at what BTC is and how to get started.
First this video explained fairly well what BTC is and what it can be used for:  and anybody who wants to know more should start here in my opinion.
Now after watching the video and having an idea what BTC is all about and wanting to get involved we need a wallet. The Original Bitcoin Client seems like a good option and we can quickly get a bitcoin address to start receiving funds. The first problem I found with this was it takes several hours for the synchronisation to complete sometimes. Many would lose interest here. Another problem is with a desktop client you must encrypt and backup your client if you want to keep it secure. Who wants to do this when they are new. It's messing about and all we just want to play around and get an idea of what's what. We also need to add funds to our wallet. All of this seems like a lot of hassle.
So the best thing for anybody new to BTC is for them to watch the video to get an understanding of bitcoin and play around with a demo wallet at  Here they can get an idea of how to send and receive BTC and how easy it really is.
If they still like the idea of the bitcoin network they can go ahead and make their own wallet. As they already have a feel to  they may as well make one here for the time being. 
But now we need some funds. Advice them to add small amounts until they get to know what's what. I don't know anybody in the real world who would be willing to give me a small amount of BTC for cash or as a gift. I'm in the UK. I just missed out on making my 1st bank transfer with blockchain. I don't trust the Sofort Banking option they have left. Nobody should ask for you bank password.
So the easiest options now look like bitbargain.co.uk but you will probably be able to list better sources to deposit local currency into BTC then I can. 
Once they have bought a small amount of BTC, well, spending them comes easy unless they want to invest. Just show them the market place or whatever and away they go.
Once at this point I guess they will have an idea if they really want to continue in the BTC network. If they do then you can advice them about the options they have. What desktop clients they can use etc. Maybe introduce them here.
I have wrote this really quick and it might not make that much sense, after all I am new to BTC myself. But in my opinion showing them the what is BTC video, letting them play with an online demo wallet and then creating their own if they are comfortable and making their first deposit would give them an idea if BTC is for them so explaining that in an easy guide could be a good start.
@_date: 2013-04-01 01:59:00
I'm really new to BTC and I did try mining for a couple of nights on my home computer... I joined slush pool and got around 80 Mhash/s* mining. After 48 hours I earned 0.00577915 which works out at around $0.54. Considing the extra work load on your GPU etc it's really not worth it I don't think unless you want to buy a new card after a month or so. I can't even transfer that money out because it falls below the withdrawel limit. :(
I must admit though the temptation for me to keep mining is there because I'm in the UK and blockchain is no longer accepting bank transfers here and all the other options just make me feel like I am being taken advantage of.
@_date: 2013-04-01 18:44:22
Good work! I really don't like Java so wont be installing it for that reason only. So for me I will be staying with bitcoinity.org in an open tab but I do appreciate the work you have put in and no doubt it will benifit many here!
@_date: 2013-04-01 02:50:08
Intresting. Now only if I could get my hands on some!
@_date: 2013-04-01 15:06:15
Thank you! I really do appreciate the tip!