@_author: mysterpixel
@_date: 2018-01-28 19:52:05
Even if onchain transactions were free, you still have to wait the ~10 minutes for the next block to be mined (and that's if your transaction is in the next block).
Lightning network transactions are close to instant.
Also Lightning literally requires Segwit to function, it wouldn't work without it.
@_date: 2018-01-30 00:56:31
It's definitely possible that that's their aim, to push up transaction prices, but they're still leaving money on the table in the mean time if they have space left in their blocks. And I don't think they are powerful enough to influence the mining space enough for this to be successful - if I was a miner in AntPool and noticed they were paying out less because the blocks artificially had fewer transactions and therefore collect fewer tx fees, I'd consider switching to another pool that filled their blocks properly.
@_date: 2018-01-29 22:04:21
But including fewer transactions doesn't make them mine faster, so they are leaving money on the table by not filling their blocks to capacity.
@_date: 2018-01-24 03:43:50
Technical debt in general means technical additions that temporarily solve an issue but will cause more problems down the line (i.e. you're in debt and will have to solve those issues later).
In the crypto space though it is mostly just FUD dating back to 2016 by people who didn't like the segwit proposal and eventual implementation, the same people that splintered to create the bcash altcoin that is openly antagonistic to bitcoin (note the activity in r/ btc from the person you are replying to). Only by the loosest definition does segwit add technical debt to bitcoin, and lighting doesn't at all since it requires no change to bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-21 05:56:54
It adjusts every 2016 blocks, which is two weeks if the goal of one block every 10 minutes is achieved perfectly, but if blocks are being mined faster than that then it will adjust sooner.
It's been adjusting every 10-12 days for the last few months and last adjusted on 14th Jan so it should hit another adjustment in a couple of days.
@_date: 2018-01-21 20:29:25
Yes it is noticeable if the difficulty increases - the last difficulty increase was on Jan 13; the final 100 blocks before that took 13 hours 20 mins, while the first 100 blocks in the increased difficulty took 16 hours 35 mins. So it took about 25% longer to get through transactions, but of course it ramps up to previous levels as more mining power is added.
Difficulty changes are based on previous block mining frequency though and it has decreased as recently as November, so it's not always going to get slower after a difficulty adjustment. This time though it will definitely increase again as blocks are being mined about 20% faster than they should be at the moment.
On the Jan 13 difficulty adjustment the transaction backlog increased by 10%, but the backlog has already dropped by 30% in the last two days so it won't have that much of an impact.
@_date: 2018-01-22 03:45:11
The last 1000 blocks in the last difficulty phase had an average of 8.3 minutes, and the last 300 had 8.1 minutes, so it's pretty much the same mining frequency as the last difficulty phase, but there wasn't a drop in fees/mempool backlog that time like this time. Something more is going on this time.
@_date: 2017-12-21 02:41:47
Furthermore you would want the channels you have created to be reliable - if the other party goes offline then it severs your access to the network via that channel until they come back online. A hub like you've described would probably be online consistently and that would be another incentive for people to open channels with them rather than other general users.
However I'm not sure these hubs would necessarily be a *bad* thing - the way that LN allows people to open channels with each other would allow hubs to be circumvented easily if they are acting maliciously (charging high fees or whatever). A hub like you've described that is acting in good faith can only be a good thing as far as I can see.
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:12:36
Bitcoin (and LN) would still fundamentally be decentralised in the way the blockchain ledger worked and the technology is implemented, even if centralisation of sorts emerges with these hubs. They wouldn't be a fundamental component of the system like centralisation is in other payment systems, and could be circumvented as soon as they started to cause problems.
@_date: 2017-12-30 06:15:07


In one transaction? No, since each channel has 10BTC in it, no transaction can go higher than that. You'd need at least three separate transactions to send 30 BTC. However presumably it would be easy to have an interface in your wallet where you just type in "send 30BTC to Carol" and then behind the scenes it would split it into three or more transactions and utilise multiple channels. But it would always require multiple transactions on the network to do that payment.
Regarding the second scenario, this would never happen because you wouldn't be able to transfer 30BTC in one go if the channels only contained 10BTC each. What would happen is you as an intermediary node get three separate requests from three different channels each with a 10BTC transaction to forward. From then on you may be able to do the next step in the payment to Carol in one transaction, if you had a channel path to her with the full 30BTC in it.
However I believe there may be issues with splitting a transaction like this, because while you can easily trust a payment through a single transaction (it either succeeds or fails), splitting a transaction means parts can succeed while others fail. Someone with more knowledge would have to tell you whether this is actually possible.
@_date: 2017-12-19 22:12:22
If they are offline you can't access their connected channels, so if that's your only channel you wouldn't be able to use the Lightning Network to connect to anyone else.
I wouldn't be surprised if there were centralised, reliably online nodes that pop up and people make channels with them, similar to how the Internet works where people connect to their ISP which then connects them to other servers and end users.
@_date: 2017-12-19 21:16:28
Yeah you are right about needed to make a regular Bitcoin transaction to open a channel (and then again to close it, but closing could be days/weeks/months later theoretically, so is less important).
Once you open a channel however it allows payment to anyone that that person has a channel open with, and subsequently anyone that *they* have a channel open with and so on, by using the people in the middle as intermediaries. So the best case scenario is you would only have to open one channel to get access to everyone on the network, and would only need to do one bitcoin transaction to open that one channel (although obviously this wouldn't be the case until sufficient adoption of channels to build the network allowing a path to everyone).
Ideally moving all the smaller transactions to the Lightning Network would free up the regular blockchain enough to reduce the high fees and long confirmation times, so getting that initial channel open won't be too much of a problem. Once again though that solution to this problem comes from the Lightning Network already being in use, so there is going to be an inevitable rough patch at the beginning.
@_date: 2017-12-19 22:30:03
Yup! It felt awful haha! But I would not be surprised at all, although I think the way the LN finds a payment path would prevent any centralised node from getting a monopoly of influence on the network, so it wouldn't be too bad and having a reliable node to fall back on isn't necessarily a bad thing.
@_date: 2017-12-02 07:21:23
That's true, but so is this: [US Christmas lights use more energy than entire countries](
There are so many energy hungry things people do in their homes, you would never be able to find out who is mining based on that alone.
@_date: 2017-12-21 03:00:53
Maybe, but that would be such a fragile setup for the malicious actor that is so easily circumvented by people just having one or two non-hub channels that I don't think it would be a very successful or enticing attack vector. I think any hubs that pop up would be kept honest for this reason.
@_date: 2017-12-18 01:26:01
This is not how the blockchain works - if the transaction doesn't go through then there is nothing in the blockchain saying the coins have moved out of your account, so it's as if you never attempted to move them out in the first place. They don't just vaporise out of existence.
@_date: 2017-12-19 22:01:25
I don't think this is anything stopping exchanges using the lightning network, provided the person withdrawing from them is part of the lightning network.
Not sure about opening a 0btc channel - firstly you wouldn't be able to get the channel open if you didn't have the transaction fee to get it into the blockchain, so it's never going to be a completely free to open even if the transaction amount is 0.
Secondly I don't think a 0btc LN channel would be usable in any real useful way - maybe someone else can give a better explanation or example but if the channel only has 0btc committed to it when it is opened, when it is closed you are only able to reallocate that 0btc, so you aren't actually going to transact any bitcoin between you.
@_date: 2017-12-30 20:51:29
Not unless there were other separate transactions between those three that sent money in the opposite direction in order to give them the 10BTC needed for the each of those transactions, but even in that case you couldn't get a trusted single 30BTC transaction in a 10BTC channel.
The easiest way to visualise a lightning network channel is as a long, clear sealed plastic tube with a person at each end. When you open the channel and put bitcoin into it, it's like each person opening their end of the tube and putting a certain number of tennis balls into it. Let's say in this example each person puts 5 tennis balls in their end, so there are 10 tennis balls total (i.e. each person puts 5 bitcoin into their end of the channel for a 10BTC total):
Then the tube is sealed and you can't put any more tennis balls in.
A transaction is equivalent to lifting up your end of the tube until tennis balls roll to the other end. Let's say the person on the left wants to transact 2 balls to the person on the right, so they lift up their end of the tube until two balls roll over:
Now the one on the left has 3 tennis balls (3BTC) while the one on the right has 7 tennis balls (7BTC).
Ok, now let's say the one on the left wants to transact 5 tennis balls to the person on the right. However this isn't possible at the moment, as even though the channel has 10 balls in it and you only want to transact 5, the person on the right already has 7 of those 10. The person on the left can at most transact their remaining 3 balls, so this transaction would fail. For the person on the left to send 5 balls in this channel would require them to first get at least 2 balls from the right through some other transaction beforehand. (They could, however, use another tube/channel if they have one that has enough balls/BTC in it that has a path to the end recepient).
In your example sending 3*10BTC transactions, this could only work at most once if all the BTC were already on your side to begin with. Best case scenario it would start like this:
Left transacts 10 to the right:
But now Left has nothing to do the next two 10BTC transactions with. Theoretically it could be made possible if there was a separate and unrelated intermediary transaction that sent balls from the right to the left, but this is not possible in reality because you would get a partial payment of the full 30BTC with no guarantee the next parts were to happen.
@_date: 2017-12-19 22:46:37
If whoever you have a channel open with goes offline, then you can't make transactions with them until they come back online, which also means you can't make transactions with anyone they are connected to (unless you have another channel with someone else that provides an alternative path to them).
If they go offline indefinitely, you can still finalise the balance of the channel on your own and put it into the blockchain because you both have the key needed to sign the bitcoin transaction - this is called unilaterally closing the channel. You won't lose the funds in the channel if they go offline and never come back.
@_date: 2017-11-28 22:45:40


So he's just a typical, arrogant fearmongerer that will always claim doom is on the horizon and then act smug about the future they've imagined for themselves. He even says he's only going to talk about when he's right.. what a twat.