@_author: mythoranium
@_date: 2018-01-09 18:32:37
Could you give us an example of how it has changed its behavior? I see that the account now promotes Bitcoin Cash and low fees. In other words, the account operator is obviously a big-blocker.
Could you provide an example where this account supported higher fees (fee market), or was against bitcoin cash, or maybe expressed their support for keeping the 1MB limit? That would be a good indicator that the account could indeed have changed hands. 
I tried to find such examples, but for some reason Twitter wouldn't let me scroll too far in the past, although the account was registered years back.
Edit: turns out you can search on Twitter by username and date, like this:
The old tweets seem to have the same sentiment as the new tweets, keeping in mind that a lot of things have changed. Encouraging merchant adoption, sending people small amounts of BTC (pocket change), which isn't really possible today. Here's a tweet from October 2013:


@_date: 2017-12-06 11:33:19
That's not true. The TX size depends on the number of inputs. From a TX size / fee perspective, it doesn't matter if it's multiple inputs coming from different addresses, or the same number of inputs coming from the same address.
So 20 transactions to the same address, or 20 transactions to different addresses, is equivalent from that perspecitive. 
Also, OP actually provides the (single) address, so you can just check it on a blockchain explorer.
@_date: 2015-06-05 21:38:57
I am a bit worried when meeting new clients, but most of the time I have either an interesting conversation regarding bitcoin, or they just do the deal and we part as quickly as possible (many times the clients seem nervous themselves).
Some of the clients are really private and don't tell me anything (or even request an encrypted messaging app), and some just say flat out that they are buying drugs or stolen credit cards off darknet, or even offer a gram of "darknet" weed. If I sense that the person is a bit more revealing than they should be, I try to do the deal as quick as possible, before they have the chance to mention doing something illegal. Because technically I am not allowed to sell bitcoins if I know they will be used for illegal means.
Fortunately, in about a year of doing this, I have not yet had an encounter where someone wanted to cheat me.
I usually meet new clients in a public place — a cafe or something like that — and loyal clients wherever, usually in my car. I also have 3 adverts with different commission percentages, meaning I take more when dealing with small sums, and my largest advertisement is for 500 EUR. I do larger sums as well, but only with clients I've already had good deals with.
Also, it helps that most of the clients want to buy bitcoins, instead of selling. This means that THEY carry the cash and I have bitcoins which can't be easily taken away from me without knowing my wallet PIN.
As with any cash-only business — if things start looking too shady, you can just leave. The worst you could have in that case is a bad rating on LBC. I've never had this situation myself, but it sure beats having to spend a week in a hospital.
@_date: 2015-06-05 20:08:18
As a localbitcoins.com cash trader, I can say that most of the trades happen off localbitcoins. For me, usually the first one or the first few transactions happen through localbitcoins, and all the further ones are direct BTC wallet-to-wallet. There are people who ask for localbitcoins transaction every time, and there are also those who say on the first transaction that they want BTC straight to an address. 
I deal with cash so it's probably different when dealing with bank transfers, but still - the actual transaction volume is probably much higher. 
@_date: 2015-06-11 12:55:10
You can see that both this block and the previous one were found 3 minutes ago (at the time the picture was taken), and even by the same pool. It might be that the mining pool got lucky and found 2 blocks at almost the same time and no new transactions got to the pool in the short time between these 2 blocks.
@_date: 2014-06-30 14:46:40
No, the transactions won't post to the various BTC/USD trading related websites, such as BitcoinWisdom. The transaction for the BTC auction will happen outside of the BTC exchanges, so it will not be reflected there. 
It will, however, be reflected on sites that use the blockchain for data — for examble, bitlisten.com (which will probably be quite something)
@_date: 2014-03-20 19:02:19
I understood his wording of "barely-less-embarrassing percentage" as a way of saying that it is embarrassing that the percentage of people believing the earth is over 6000 years old, is so small.
Either that, or a typo.
@_date: 2014-01-07 13:43:28
There is a bounty for 0.15BTC per transcript of "Let's Talk Bitcoin" here — 
A transcript is bound to show up.
@_date: 2014-10-30 20:56:28
Although a wallet seed can be a code similar to a BTC address, it is usually derived from a mnemonic phrase consisting of multiple random words.
For example, if a wallet seed is (in hexadecimal)
it can be derived from the mnemonic
"constant forest adore false green weave stop guy fur freeze giggle clock"
(example taken from  )
Then all the bitcoin addresses in this wallet can always be calculated from this seed.
This makes it much easier to write it down to make a backup, type it into a computer/phone to restore a backup, or even remember it in your head. To remember it is not easy and requires regular practice to not forget it, but it is still much easier than remembering something like the seed in hexadecimal form, or a bitcoin private key.
Hope this helped.
@_date: 2014-12-31 11:47:46
373.326 AUD
@_date: 2014-11-12 12:30:25
For anyone thinking "WTF is this?"
@_date: 2014-11-25 13:58:34
Exactly what I was thinking.
Also, in the ad, it says "for pickup in the U.S.", however, the original post implies it can be picked up anywhere on the other side of the world.
P.S. I am not familiar with WU and maybe $100 for $5 fee anywhere in the world is actually accurate, but then why would WU advertise for a worse service than they actually offer?
@_date: 2014-01-15 12:00:56
As much as I like p2pool, and want people to use it, it is not for small miners. Please someone correct me if I am wrong — something may have changed.
The thing is that you get a payout every time there is a block found. For a small miner this accumulates a lot of dust so you will have to pay big fees when you want to spend it. I ran into this when I was mining litecoin at its infancy. I used p2pool and all was going well. Naturally, I wasn't checking everything every day, only checking if my miners were still operational. Then, slowly, difficulty creeped up. At the end I was getting a minute payout from each block found. Then, when I wanted to spend about 50 LTC, I had to pay about 10—20LTC fee because of the amount of dust.
So yes, p2pool is absolutely great for medium/large miners, but not for the small/tiny miners.
@_date: 2014-04-29 20:41:10
I do agree with this, I truly do, but I don't think this is the thing that should be the incentive.
The thing is, most of the fiat whales have way too much money and way too little time to really spend time learning to understand bitcoin to justify just investing into it. Saying that you should help bitcoin by investing into it calls for a reason, and that reason is that bitcoins might rise immensly in value. That is true, yes, but telling that to someone who doesn't yet fully understand bitcoin is the equivalent of telling someone to buy hundreds of Beany Babies, because they will always be a limited item and will always rise in price.
I have been in the bitcoin world since I first saw that it reached parity with dollar. We are now more than 400 times that in value. And I expected that, yet still I spent most of the bitcoins that I earned/bought/mined. If I had just hoarded them, I would have had more than 100 now, and would be able to exchange them, pay off all my loans/mortgage, and still have about 20 left. But I didn't, because I think that spending/donating them, thus supporting people who take bitcoins, is more important. Now I only have 5.7 BTC, and I don't regret spending a satoshi.
TL;DR, if you think bitcoins are the future, it is always a good idea to buy/hold them. But BTC still needs an infrastructure, which demands constant support.
@_date: 2014-11-17 09:29:12
This is really bad press for Bitcoin.
Having defended Bitcoin a few times in local news sites' comments, I have seen many uninformed sceptical comments saying that "Bitcoin is just like MMM" and also several who bring up the possibility that Bitcoin itself actually is created by Mavrodi (the creator of MMM). This will basically serve as a kind of "proof" for these people.
@_date: 2014-09-24 17:37:12
You could give the supplier the funds for the first batch of supplies. Then the payment can be forwarded for new orders, effectively automatically ordering new products to replenish spent stock. The supplier would then make new deliveries for the product already paid for.
@_date: 2014-11-23 20:03:24


Trust me, there are a lot of people. I do localbitcoins trading for cash and there have been many people who only buy bitcoin to do something with it, not hold for investment. Some buy it for darknet transactions, some for sending money quickly across the world. Most of the use cases I do not know, since I do not ask (I cannot sell bitcoin if I know beforehand that it'll be used for illegal things. Don't want any problems with law enforcement).
There are also people who sell bitcoins to me, although much less. As always, I don't ask where they got their bitcoins, but one client who told me without asking said that he works as a programmer and is getting paid in bitcoin, because it is easier for the overseas employers to pay him that way.
I personally have bitcoin for 2 separate reasons:
1. The investment opportunity. I HODL my bitcoin and go to great lengths to not have to sell or spend them, even though I am currently in a bit of a financial struggle and could really use the funds I have in bitcoin. I could sell them, since I can easily buy some again if I need it for other uses, but I believe the price will rise, so I continue to HODL.
2. The actual uses for it. It's just so much easier to have my friend send me bitcoins, which I receive instantly, rather than waiting for inter-bank transfer. Or just pointing my phone camera at the screen to buy something online, instead of having to type my credit card number and worrying if the network is safe or if the payment processor is trustworthy. I admit though that Joe Average won't really care about the latter, until he gets defrauded.
These use cases are definitely related, but are still different reasons. Just like I have a car because it is practical, but also because I find it really fun to just drive.
@_date: 2014-02-02 18:13:52
If this is true and you didn't have your personal ID details on the exchange, I truly applaud your honesty and nobleness of giving it back. As someone said, it takes balls. Honest balls.
That said, if OP was selling/withdrawing from an exchange, chances are he/she had all the personal details sent for verification. So by taking these coins, OP would have probably had the exchange on to his/her real name/address.
Regardless, thanks for sharing. Upvoted for importance of the message.
@_date: 2014-11-13 09:30:32
My productivity always suffers at these times. I just can't stop staring at the price charts!
This is gentlemen.
@_date: 2014-03-31 17:51:33
Very nice. I already use armory as both offline / online wallets. One feature that's still missing for me is the ability to run the full bitcoind node on a different PC in my local network. I use my wallet from a PC that is not usually switched on, so it would be beneficial to run the full node on my home server 24/7, with my main PC acting as a client to it. You can do this with electrum, but I decided to keep using Armory because of fragmented backups. 
@_date: 2015-01-25 19:45:30
Depends on what you consider a fortune.. There are many people for whom 22 BTC would be a fortune.
@_date: 2015-01-09 19:49:30
This is awesome! I knew bitstamp wouldn't let us down!
(I was also biased because I have funds with them)
@_date: 2015-01-05 13:49:51
I'm wondering the same thing. I transfered some fiat yesterday and, yesterday being a sunday, the transaction commenced and fiat was deducted from my bank account only today, ironically, less than an hour before BitStamp suspended their service.
@_date: 2015-01-14 21:11:48
They are just very slow.
"Tuesday’s blockages stem from a court order dating back to September 30th last year, although they were only enforced today."
source: 
@_date: 2015-01-14 21:19:15
RemindMe! 1 year "1BTC won't be worth over $50 at any point during 2016 "
@_date: 2015-01-01 20:27:28
Season 3, Episode 13: "Bitcoin for Dummies"
@_date: 2014-11-12 12:29:25
THIS IS GENTLEMEN.
@_date: 2017-08-21 12:12:14
Just to clarify - it's not 30 minutes, it has to be 2+ hours average block time across 6 consecutive blocks, or 12+ hours total time for 6 consecutive blocks. After this happens, the emergency difficulty adjustment is "locked in" and will drop by 20% after 6 more blocks (regardless of how quickly those are mined). 
@_date: 2017-08-19 10:20:57
The post we are commenting on links to a tweet which is about BCH. It doesn't even mention BTC at all. And it's been upvoted to nearly top. That seems like people giving shit about it, at least on some level.
@_date: 2017-01-31 00:40:21
A little bit off topic, but I'm wondering about this:


I was not aware one could do this. Is there a parameter/option in bitcoin core to send "BU" strings instead of the default indicating core client? Anyone aware of this or using such feature? 
@_date: 2017-08-14 20:54:58
Not sure if it is a spam attack or not. You can see the current mempool size visually here — 
Scroll to the bottom graph — it shows transactions by size, which is important, not by tx count. As you can see, the vast majority of the mempool size (58MB currently) are tx paying less than 5 sat/byte. These are probably either spam, or consolidation transactions where the owner doesn't care how soon they confirm — like combining many inputs (this would explain why these tx are so large byte-wise). There are probably some non-spam tx in there, but for simplicity's sake, let's say all 5 sat/byte and cheaper tx are either spam or unimportant. That means that the current "real" mempool size is actually not 58MB, but more than half less — only about 25MB, or about 25 blocks.
I agree that fees today are too high. Currently, to get a transaction confirmed in the next block or next 2 blocks, you need to pay ~220 sat/byte. That's about 2.33 USD for a normal 250-byte tx. If your transaction is combining multiple inputs, the size will be bigger, and so will the needed fee. 
Bitcoin will get segwit activated soon (~1 week?). I'm not sure of the exact fee decrease when using Segwit, but I found this —  — and by these estimates, I understand you can expect about 33% decrease in fees (more if you're using 2-of-2 or 3-of-2 or more complex multisig, but most users use simple 1-of-1 signing). So, all other things being equal, that would be ~1.50 USD in the current situation for a tx to get confirmed in 1-2 blocks, although it could be more if more people start using Bitcoin, or if the price goes up (fees are in BTC/KB, not dollars). Someone who knows more technical details about SegWit can maybe comment if the estimates from Bitcoin Core website are accurate. 
People say that Lightning Network will allow much lower fees and instant transactions. I don't know how far the current development of it has gone, but I've seen many people saying that it's already ready and live on testnet, and they also say that the only reason LN cannot yet be live on BTC was because miners were blocking Segwit. So with that activating in ~1 week, and LN being ready, they must be just waiting for Segwit to activate. So 1 month maybe? Can someone involved in LN tell more?
I guess that's about all we can expect in the short term. Not an expert or a developer, but as I understand we will not be getting any bigger maximum of block size any time soon — Bitcoin Core developers have said that they are categorically against a block size increase in November (2MB as per SegWit2x), as that would be too soon and dangerous, and apparently has a huge risk of making mining more centralized, and a huge risk that normal users like you and me wouldn't be able to easily run a full node. It would also pose a big risk of impacting or even destroying the fee market, which is currently in play on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-20 20:04:00
This! 
Almost all of those entities haven't commented on sw2x issue. One is on that list unless they specifically said support 2x.
They haven't provided a link for most entities. Of those they do, most are just links to their home page, with no statement on this. Check out BitBay link on the site. It links to a tweet, which claims nothing about the 2X part specifically, and actually sounds like BitBay is arguing against the Segwit part of the agreement if you read the following tweets. 
To get removed from the list, you have to submit a pull request. Look at it. 22 hours ago, a Bittrrex representative requested to be removed from the list, given that they have not issued any statement on this. Instead of removing, he was asked to provide proof that he's a representative of Bittrrex. After reasonable evidence was provided, no action or response followed - Bittrrex is still listed. 
That's just from 5 minutes of clicking these links. There are some there that have made such a statement, but the vast majority haven't, and probably don't even know they are on this list. 
@_date: 2017-08-21 12:06:16
Isn't it the same currently with BTC, untill Segwit is activated in a few days? 
@_date: 2016-11-24 05:38:45
For me, it was a lucky coincidence. I sometimes have a quick look on tech related websites just to pass time. So one day I opened Slashdot and saw the headline saying something like "the digital currency bitcoin reaches parity with dollar". 
Had no idea what it was. My first thought was that it was a currency of some MMORPG or something like that. Would have just scrolled past it, if it wasn't for the "parity with dollar" thing. Previously any online currency I had come in contact with was game money, and they would usually be estimated to be very cheap per unit. Hundreds to trillions of game units per dollar. That or they were artificially pegged to a "real" currency.
The headline saying "reaches parity" told me it was worth less before, so I thought there must be something more than just someone setting an arbitrary price (and it probably wouldn't have made it to Slashdot if that was the case) 
I started reading about it, bought 5 bitcoins for $5, read more, started to understand it, got obsessed. The rest is history. 
@_date: 2017-11-07 17:56:09
I think you missed a digit and meant to say "under 15 cent fee" as 10 sat/byte is 15 cents for a standard 226-byte transaction per current prices. That's not a lot, I agree, but it's 3 times more than 5 cents. 
@_date: 2019-06-05 06:46:35
Yes, you pay the fee for your tx. But once they receive, they will have to pay another network fee when they send your payment on to consolidate. To make sure this happens in a timely manner, they would have to include a good enough fee - at the moment of sending your tx, it is literally impossible to know how many transactions will be in the mempool when further sending will be needed, and even if 10 s/b is enough at one moment, 100 s/b might not be enough a few minutes later. So they have to err on the side of caution or risk having their tx delayed.
They aren't charging this for BCH because historically, 1 s/b has always been enough, so they are confident they will be able to send it forward without extra costs.
If you want low fees while using BTC, you should use LN.
@_date: 2017-11-15 20:03:10
Yes, but you can send a RBF tx to yourself woth low fee, then send the real tx with unconfirmed parent, and afterwards RBF the original tx. The child tx will drop out, as the output is now different. 
@_date: 2017-11-07 21:06:40
Thanks for the well articulated reply. 
I transact on the blockchain quite often, so I also watch the state of mempool quite often to figure out what fee to put. My point of view regarding the big amount of cheap transactions is this — we know that mempool drops in size eventually and even cheap transactions (&lt;10 sat/byte) get through. We can't predict with certainty when that will be, but it is often (though not often) during the weekend. Thus it would follow — if you owe me some bitcoin and I trust you to keep your word (meaning I know you won't try to double-spend, and you will recreate the transaction if it drops), and I don't need quick access to the bitcoin you send me, it would make sense that you could save some money by setting a low fee and the tx will go through whenever. 
Same goes for things like sending large transactions, for example to consolidate many inputs to one address (to make the next tx cheaper). You can see that very low-fee tx make up a huge amount in MB, compared to others, but their count is larger, but definitely not by that much.
As for 1 sat/byte — that's not really a limit. The way fee works for a given tx is that you have 1 or multiple inputs equaling some amount of BTC, and 1 or multiple outputs equaling no more than the same amount of BTC. If the total amount in outputs is less than the total amount in inputs, the remainder gets kept by the miner. So the fee for the whole tx can be anything from 1 satoshi up to the total amount of BTC in inputs, or technically even free. But many wallets won't let you choose a fee of less than 1 sat/byte.
@_date: 2016-02-03 07:48:00
The network is self-regulating. If mining becomes unprofitable for someone, given their own standards for what is profitable, they will stop mining and the global hashrate will decrease. Then, next time the difficulty adjusts, it will decrease, thus making the remaining miners a little bit more profitable. If enough people keep switching off their miners, the difficulty will decrease enough that some of the unprofitable miners will become profitable again.
@_date: 2018-03-12 19:58:15
This seemed interesting, so I checked — here's one of the recent blocks (from today) by this pool, with fees sorted by BTC/kb: 
loads of 1-2 sat/byte transactions (blockchair shows it in BTC/KB so 1 sat/byte is ~0.00001000 BTC/KB).
Am I misreading something?
@_date: 2015-03-16 17:57:13
I agree that users tend to not read the warnings, however, I'm not saying creating a new seed should be the only (or the default) option. Also, I think Mycelium does a great job of forcing the user to read the most important messages — when I tried making a backup from the new HD wallet I created (thinking it would be from a new seed), I got a warning that I should not recreate a backup if I lost it (sound advice) and there was no way to press OK until 60 seconds had passed. It seemed impossible not to read this. But maybe it's just me. Just saying that if the owner had actually lost the backup, it would be the best option to create an entirely new seed and transfer the existing funds to it. It would be nice if it could all be done just using the same app.
@_date: 2015-03-21 23:11:31
This is the same as banks creating gold or silver novelty coins, which always have a much lower face value than the actual value of the precious metal. I'm not from the US, so I don't know if they do it, but there are many coutries that create such coins, for example, a gold coin with face value of $200 while the actual worth of gold in the coin is more like $2000. You could find someone who is willing to pay $2000 for it (or close to that), or you could just spend it at a store as $200. 
Same with colored coins — you could sell one satoshi colored coin, which represents a stock for a profitable company, for the stock value, but you could always just spend it as a satoshi to anyone accepting bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-03-16 14:20:36
Thanks, this answers my question.
I am aware that there are workarounds to do this. I guess the easiest would be to use a "middle-man" account on a different platform to send the funds, then wipe app data to remove the old seed, then create a new one.
I understand this is considered a feature, however I don't see why there should be no choice to create a separate HD account. There are many occasions when the original owner of the wallet can no longer be 100% sure that the seed is still secure.
@_date: 2015-10-22 08:30:21
This is correct — this is obviously decision regarding the case about bitcoin VAT status, for which the judgement is supposed to be delivered today.
The case number is C-264/14
At the moment, the decision is not yet posted on the court of justice website: 
@_date: 2017-05-01 10:47:51
I agree that it's pretty much going down a rabbit hole, as the coins get mixed with other coins, either intentionally, or because of the nature of Bitcoin. Obviously, the deeper you go, the more complex it gets with every step, up to a point where it's pretty much unrealistic to follow anything.
As I mentioned, I'm interested in doing this for fun. Let's say someone sends me some coins, and some more coins a week later. Do both source transactions connect somewhere up the chain? Am I holding a fraction of Bitfinex hacked coins? Or maybe a piece of 10`000 coins that were used to buy two pizzas back in the day?
Maybe that information wouldn't be very useful, but I find it interesting.
@_date: 2015-03-31 14:08:13
Here it is: 
@_date: 2013-12-06 23:34:03
I see. Even more the reason to demand the 10 BTC back (and not the 2012 fiat value) :)
@_date: 2013-12-05 13:57:50
You might be interested in this article — 
Although it talks about colored bitcoins, which I do not support, I think the general idea is very interesting. I can see a possibility of an alt-coin being used for such purposes.
From the article:
"The biggest up­front costs for consumers trying to buy a home are the closing costs, which include fees for deeds, titles, stamps, title insurance, and other redundant tasks to record the sale in different record books," Gallippi said. "Bitcoin can replace thousands of dollars in closing costs with a single transaction that costs 5 cents. By reporting deeds and titles on the block chain, the information would be public record forever, for pennies, and eliminate the need for title insurance."
@_date: 2013-12-06 20:47:32
Exactly, I use Mycelium wallet (but I'm sure other wallet apps can do this as well) on my Android phone which can calculate the current price in my local currency. This is very handy, since I live in a small country and no exchange has rates for our fiat currency.
@_date: 2013-12-20 08:22:33
Armory needs to be online to see the balance and do transactions. You can use it in offline mode to generate wallets, wallet backups and sign transactions, but you can't see the balance. If you want to spend from an Armory offline computer, you need to create the transaction on an online computer, transfer the transaction (via USB for example) to the offline PC, sign it there with your key, and then transfer the signed transaction back to the online PC to commit the transaction.
It's a hassle, but safe, and not supposed to be done regularly.
@_date: 2013-12-20 08:03:41
I wouldn't count on this being safe. It's probably safe enough for most, but not safe or true "offline".
There is a possibility that the computer was already infected with a virus. If that virus is sophisticated enough, it can store what you are doing while you are offline. Then, when you reconnect the internet, it can send the data, including the unencrypted private key, to somewhere else, where it will sit until the address has a million dollars worth of BTC sent to it.
For truly secure offline/paper wallet, you have to assume your PC is infected, even if you know full well it isn't (because you can never really know). So the only safe way would be to install the PC offline (or boot from live CD), to prevent being infected, and, most importantly, to never connect it to the internet AFTER the key pair was created — because it still theoretically could have been infected, even if you installed it offline or booted from live CD. If you need to use the PC, wipe all data, reinstall and only then connect to internet.
I second using Armory offline wallet and never connecting that PC to internet. Or just using armory or something else (open-source!) to create a paper wallet and then print/write it down, and wipe data afterwards.
While such viruses are unlikely to be active now — there are many easier targets who run unencrypted wallets on their main windows PC — sooner or later someone will create one. The potential monetary gains are massive, since smart/rich people generally tend to store much more in offline wallets.
Also, there is a possibility for viruses that will dormantly scan the deleted portions of HDD, trying to find a deleted private key from when the current HDD was part of an offline wallet. Always encrypt your wallet, even if it will never touch the internet.
@_date: 2013-12-05 11:53:01
"[..] From PC's to Consoles, YOU tell us! BIT what is it you really want
We may just deliver...  ;) "
I don't think they could have given a clearer hint.
@_date: 2013-12-20 08:18:46
This is why BTC miner manufacturers only work on preorders. If you already had a working miner, it would indeed make more sense to just mine with it. Creating a miner nowadays is pretty much a gamble — if it gets created fast enough, it can make you rich. If it delays a month or two, you might not even break even.
Since designing and producing modern miners (ASICs) takes many millions of dollars, noone is willing to risk that much when the line between huge profits and negative ROI is so small, so they work on preorders, delegating the monetary risk to customers.
Multiple manufacturers are racing to get their next-gen ASICs out, and the first one who delivers will make their customers very happy. The laggards' customers will retrieve their investment at best.
@_date: 2013-12-05 14:17:21
This is bad.. Looking at the receiving address  (which is approprietly nicknamed BTCThief) it looks like it has had many transactions from different addresses, leaving the source addresses at 0. Presumably, those are other victims. Seems like the work of a virus or something of the sort which is possibly looking for unencrypted wallet.dat files.
@_date: 2013-12-18 19:05:43
This is nice. 2 mBTC sent to the minecraft addy :)
@_date: 2013-12-06 22:37:09
Do you mean to say that you borrowed 10 BTC from your friend and now you have to pay back 10 BTC at todays prices, or that your friend borrowed 10 BTC and now you regret it because you will only get back the early-2012 fiat value of BTC? In the first case, if you were sure BTC would go up, you should have immediately bought back the amount of BTC you spent. In the latter case, your friend should realize that he owes you more than the fiat equivalent.
My point is meant for small transactions for getting your friends to see the potental for BTC. When I sold my BTC to my friend, it was less than 1% of my BTC holdings, which I am willing to sacrifice for the possibility of "enlightening" (for a lack of a better word) my friend of the possibilities BTC holds. With my approach, you are basically insuring your friends against fall of BTC value, therefor becoming a backer of the currency.
I hope this makes sense.. It is quite late and my brain is not up to it's normal linguistic power.
@_date: 2013-12-18 14:25:01
I see your points, yet I think you are ignoring a few things.
First of all, the recent rise in value brought much news coverage for bitcoin, introducing many new people to it. Most people either don't understand it or think it is a scam/ponzi/something (or both). A small percentage of those people got involved in bitcoins, most of them for speculative reasons, some — for ideological reasons. You are ignoring these people.
China was responsible for most of the growth, but not all of it. There were also non-chinese who got involved.
Also, because of reasons you stated, there will definitely be chinese who will keep using bitcoin even if it becomes illegal. The only thing chinese government could do is somehow try to block it in the great firewall. Since you don't even need to be online to receive BTC, and to spend them you only need to somehow pass a signed message to one of the nodes, this wouldn't be easy.
Value might sink, but probably not below BC (Before China) level.