@_author: mythmkr
@_date: 2014-02-28 01:59:48
Started a thread about this yesterday ( but it got lost in the noise... seems relevant to repost here:
Two things have become quite clear to me following the Gox rupture:
1) Many remain enthralled by the possibilities chaperoned by a distributed, cryptographic ledger.
2) We are failing to utilize said protocol adequately in the here-and-now when dealing with probably the most outsized gorilla in the room - the mainstream media.
The Bitcoin protocol does not need a PR team, yet individuals will (and should) continue to speak with media regarding its development, growing pains and all.
However, beware that media is not your friend; it will never be your friend. 
It's a mercurial pimp, a sweet-talking bullhorn that can quickly turn into a bullwhip. 
The relationship therein has massive potential for abuse due to its one-sidedness. 
A media outlet (like practically all individuals, organizations, corporations, systems and the like) is NOT a beacon of veritas, but is primarily a selfish entity that seeks to satisfy its own needs.
It will shape a story to meet these needs - be it to satisfy its audience, the political leanings of the owners, grow its advertising revenue etc. etc.
Ultimately, media exists and publishes to exist and publish.
Individuals without celebrity lack the power of amplification, so, when we trustingly give our voices to media outlets, we should not be surprised if we feel misrepresented and ultimately powerless to respond.
As such, I believe it's time to take our relationships with media into a place of greater accountability and transparency.
The lesson we've learned from Wikileaks and Snowden et al is quite clear and applicable - by making "source data" publicly accessible, the "quest for truth" is outsourced. 
Think: the death knell for a media outlet is to lose public trust, as journalistic objectivity remains their publicly assumed raison d'etre or mythic legacy. 
Inaccurate reporting is a clear violation of this pact. 
Media outlets compete, ergo, they will bring the fight to each other if given appropriate ammunition. 
What is more appropriate than an accurate public record of what was really said and exchanged between individuals and media outlets?
Furthermore, what if this public record was distributed, permanent and cryptographically signed?
What I propose is that future media interactions regarding Bitcoin could involve a platform of trustless insurance, a system that secures a record of the original interview or source material in a form easily accessible via the public domain and signed/verified on the blockchain.
There are numerous ways in which this could be done (and numerous ways in which this could be exploited) so I think it interesting to start a conversation about this possibility.
Of course, such an effort does not have to stop at Bitcoin. It could theoretically be offered as a service to all who seek accurate representation in media engagements. 
This could prove to be a very interesting and collectively beneficial DAC.
BTW, I am aware of proofofexistence.com and wonder whether the platform could be made applicable here. are you around? Any thoughts or suggestions?
Let's discuss. And build :D
tl;dr **By recording and uploading all media interactions (interviews etc.) into the public domain and signing/linking their existence/veracity via the blockchain, there is a greater likelihood for media outlets to quote accurately and contextually.**
@_date: 2014-03-01 01:20:54
We can use the Bitcoin protocol to help with this issue.
Imagine proofofexistence extended to deal with AV content (potentially from multiple sources).
Think: by recording and uploading all media interactions (interviews etc.) into the public domain and signing/linking their existence/veracity via the blockchain, there is a greater likelihood for media outlets to quote accurately and contextually, especially when other media outlets can then pore over aforementioned source materials in an attempt to lambast their competitors.
Wikileaks, Snowden et al have already proven that it's better to let media outlets compete for veracity rather than to fight them directly.
@_date: 2014-02-27 03:55:54
Proven ;)
@_date: 2014-02-27 03:43:12
And what a lovely place to hibernate, too!
Sadly, regardless of your feelings, many people feel otherwise about the media. They believe implicitly. 
Playing ostrich never works well. If you fail to provide representation, they'll just create it for you to better suit their needs.
Better to make them go cannibal, no?
@_date: 2015-10-29 11:04:26
@_date: 2013-11-27 09:37:02
I had just arrived on the island and was walking to my bungalow when lo and behold - the sign pictured! Stopped me dead in my tracks. The last place you'd expect to find a merchant accepting Bitcoin, right?!
Seeing as they were already closed, I took a photo and went back the next day to quiz them about the sign. Turns out that they provide kite surfing lessons and decided to start accepting Bitcoin after hearing about its growth and realizing how hard it was to mine. They're ex-pat Italians and are very enthusiastic about their participation. As they put it, "Italy gave the world a lot of things... some good - like cannelloni - and some bad, like the bank. Now, the bank has fucked us, so it's time we fuck the banks!" Or words to that effect. Funny, friendly guys. 
Apparently I was the first customer to ask about it (the sign had been posted only a few days ago) but other vendors on the island had already expressed interest... apparently a scuba shop is about to start accepting bitcoins also, which is pretty rad!
Amazing to see this spread. And Gili Air, of all places... wow.
Any other in-the-wild sightings in far flung places?
Oh, and yes, they have submitted to coinmap.org - just awaiting moderation.
 
@_date: 2013-11-27 13:01:46
Haven't heard of anything in Jakarta yet, either, but will keep you posted if I do!
@_date: 2013-11-27 12:44:06
I think you're right... seems like a company called Kipochi has taken the major step of integrating a wallet system with MPESA in Kenya ( therefore giving Bitcoin access to non-smartphone users. 
If this can also happen in South East Asia (SEA) we will see massive adoption rates. However, the difficulty will be finding someone who is willing to act as the exchange, as a significant barrier to adoption appears to be that certain cultures have a problem dealing with abstract things - magic internet money, indeed! If it's not material then it's not real. Not to mention that people don't have a longterm financial strategy in many parts of SEA... they often use and understand monetary resources in a very hand-to-mouth, live-for-the-moment type way.
Whenever I talk to people about Bitcoin in this part of the world I immediately jump to a "It's like Western Union, but without Western Union's fees" type spiel. They get it immediately. P2P activity is far more ingrained here, perhaps since people have never liked to relinquish control to centralized authorities e.g. their colonizers. Regardless, the response is always the same - eyes widen, disbelief, a sudden flurry of questions, and a determined quest to acquire bitcoins soon follow.
It will take off here. No doubt.
@_date: 2013-11-27 12:28:42
Interesting... the connectivity here is pretty terrible from what I can tell. 
There were tons of digital nomad types in Ubud (thinking about it, I overheard a couple of "WE WILL TAKE OVER THE WORLD" motivational speaker/financial advisor types talking about Bitcoin in a cafe called Freak Coffee - fantastic brew, BTW), and even there they had pretty flaky connections.
Still, I guess that most people don't need OC for their day-to-day :D