@_author: mywan
@_date: 2018-01-27 14:30:26
Market graph actually looks a lot like it did a couple of years ago. Only now that part of the graph is barely a bump in the newest graph.
@_date: 2019-07-10 20:20:18
I don't see it. Even if the only value it has remaining is as a historical novelty somebody will want as many bitcoins as they can get their hands on. And Bitcoin has a whole lot more real world utility than that.
@_date: 2018-09-06 14:30:03
Because cloths allow us to add and remove our fur at will, instead of shedding in the spring. It's a far more efficient means of regulating heat/cold that any other animal fur since we can adapt it to our needs from moment to moment.
@_date: 2015-12-09 23:44:28


I suspect possibly to launder money by claiming it came from Satoshi's bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-12-08 00:02:57
So if I flip a few 0's and 1's to make your house mine it's all good?
@_date: 2015-12-09 09:19:53
If it was fake that would give the ATO even more grounds for suspicion. Claiming oversight of a $5 billion trust fund that didn't exist or wasn't filed should raise some eyebrows with ATO.
@_date: 2015-12-09 23:43:16
This I suspect may possibly be the primary motive, and would explain the raid coinciding with the news. Presumably coins held for which were worth nothing at the time acquired wouldn't count for tax purposes at least until sold. Somebody can correct me if wrong about the ATO here. If Wright needed to launder a lot of money really fast being the owner of Satoshi's bitcoins would make an excellent cover story.
@_date: 2015-12-27 16:59:16
Quantum computers only have an exponential advantage in a small subset of problems. Like the quantum shore's algorithm. That doesn't mean that it can't be used to continue to improve standard classical computers even if it's only doing classical calculations with classical algorithms. It just will not be an exponential improvement like it offers for Shor's algorithm. The main problem with classical computers is that as you continue packing transistors closer you get leaks between the transistors. Basically a quantum effect. Quantum computers actually use this effect to operate, rather than having their operation degrade as a result of it.
In terms of the hype around quantum computers, you are correct. Only quantum computers can in principle do a lot more than just quantum based algorithms. Just with a more linear solution time.
@_date: 2015-12-27 22:45:01
This is the best description I have seen yet. Even without precise calculation of probability it took into account very common problems people misinterpret about the odds of certain events.
@_date: 2015-06-18 19:03:55


The guy was an idiot, or overly confident in the idiocy of LE, or both. That was just phenomenally stupid.
@_date: 2015-12-29 20:18:23
I remain mostly quiet and out of the drama stuff. But this opinion scares me with respect to bitcoin. It would insure that bitcoin would be outside my use range.
@_date: 2015-06-20 04:05:31
This quote was first published in 1949 in The Intelligent Investor. He died in 1998.
@_date: 2015-06-27 16:29:10
Even Germany is dependent on the euro, and the indebted members, to keep the euro weaker than it would be for Germany alone. Thus keeping their export cost artificially low to maintain their trade surplus. 
Without those indebted members Germany's currency strengthens. Thus making their exports more expensive for other nations. Thus shrinking their economy.
@_date: 2015-12-09 07:23:26
According to his [linkedin profile](


And that's just one. It would seem he would qualify as a high wealth individual even without the bitcoins.


@_date: 2015-06-27 16:48:39
This well known advantage for Germany is also the reason Greece is trapped. Because Germany, and those members with stronger credit, keep the euro stronger than what it would be under Greece alone it inflates the value of the debt Greece is now being forced to pay. 
That's without even taking into consideration that Greece can't print euros, like they could if they controlled their own currency, to reduce the effective value of their debt. Thus their debt is inflated relative to a country in the same situation that controls their own currency.
@_date: 2015-06-27 16:31:15
Not if you have the balls to stop them.
@_date: 2014-05-28 20:32:47
Trading is about learning how it works.
@_date: 2014-08-26 12:28:18
People used to say the same thing about the Jews returning to Israel. Some prophecies are self fulfilling. Others are just obvious components of control. Just think of how many scenarios actually fit the mark of the beast. You have described some limited reasons for such a thing. Do you think people from earlier societies were too dumb to see the same patterns and control such a thing would provide?
I for one fully expect certain quiet awful prophesies to come to pass, and need no bible prophesies to see why. Just because of the fungible beliefs of so many people.
@_date: 2014-05-28 20:36:47
It's not just about how bitcoin ownership works. I need to learn how the entire industry works and how that relates to the protocol. If I just wanted the coins I would have sent it to my offline wallet.
@_date: 2014-05-28 20:22:02
Used prelude because I wanted to be able to trade between cryptocurrencies. I got nothing back to changetip and the 0.007966 BTC is the exact right amount of what the whole transaction was supposed to be.
@_date: 2014-06-01 11:28:57
I still have my Doges, and not really worried how low they go short term.
@_date: 2014-08-18 19:39:55
I want to thank an unnameable redditor for the VERY significant monetary help I received. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
@_date: 2014-06-27 09:38:03
Yeah, the rule that was supposedly broken was quoted to be this one:


@_date: 2014-06-01 09:26:38
More seriously I would say that's a bit overly optimistic, but with more patients it will happen in time.
@_date: 2014-05-28 20:18:00
I guess I need to contact prelude.io support. Still learning (first account) and need to be able to trade between cryptocurrencies. 
@_date: 2017-02-25 20:59:09
Intelligence isn't spelled with a /s
@_date: 2016-03-25 01:19:10
You can also increase the *effective* "quantity of money" without changing the number of dollars. Simply by increasing the velocity of money. This would apply to bitcoin as well. It's certainly not as detrimental, as the velocity can generally only be increased by increasing the flow rate of goods and services.
@_date: 2015-01-07 16:15:38
The instant buy does not excuse the catch-22 created. Instant buy is an option not every customer will use. Yet every customer is required to agree. Even MUCH worse is that you MUST agree to the terms to get to you bitcoin wallet to get your bitcoins transferred so you can shut the account down because you don't agree to the terms you were forced to agree with to get at your own bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-02-22 20:07:13
I used to worry about this issue. But modeling it shows that you are correct. It is indeed possible to pay it off and the economy to be richer as a result. It works best when the capital is used to purchase supply side goods. When used to finance demand side consumption it's essentially just a wealth transfer system. But there are a lot of grey areas where there is no clean distinction in a lot of cases.
@_date: 2015-01-28 05:26:36
What would be even better would be a network API (JSON, SQL, whatever) so that any app developer on any platform could retrieve the necessary data from an official server. It wouldn't even have to be limited to locations data but what it did or didn't contain should be transparent.
With an easy common data set across all platforms and devices this is an easy way for those that accept bitcoins to stand out for those spending bitcoins. Thus bitcoins becomes a more marketable even with a relatively small bitcoin user base. It would be like the yellow pages of bitcoin.
To maximize the value of being on this list app developers must feel secure that the data being retrieved is the most complete and up to date list and will remain stable long term. Once the app developers run with it then the value to retailers to be on that list is multiplied relative to the number of potential (bitcoin) customers.
@_date: 2015-01-18 12:45:51


To illustrate the perceptual issues with exponential growth imagine a jar containing a single bacteria. It is going to take exactly 60 minutes for this bacteria to reproduce enough to fill up this jar. So the question is at 59 minutes how full is the jar with bacteria? Answer is half full.
So while watching and waiting on something like this to happen it's real easy to get discouraged at 59 minutes. Then you wake up one morning and it's old news. Off to waiting on more awesome stuff. 
When I was a kid their were no computers, much less an internet. I watched and waited on many different technologies, and it seemed like much of it would never happen. Yet it did, so fast I didn't even know until it was old news. 
@_date: 2015-01-28 06:10:08
Probably a bad choice of words but a place to retrieve this data that can be trusted to to be comprehensive and not disappear.
The issue is that developers will not want to depend on using this database if they are afraid it might not be around next month. Their app then becomes worthless. They'll also want to feel secure that the data will be kept up to date. To the degree that confidence in the data source is maintained, thus acquiring the developers, the value of retailers to be on the list goes up.
@_date: 2016-01-06 22:13:50


I don't guess he ever thought through how a regulatory capture works.
@_date: 2017-03-19 04:41:07


This doesn't follow. If a hard fork occurs the BU developers are still welcome to write software for BTC. A hard fork doesn't change that authority even if the software they wrote for BTU is only good for BTU coins. This claim by Coinbase makes no sense. 
@_date: 2017-03-07 19:07:34
Private sector has about the same level of tech in general. Though the NSA/DoD don't require their tools to come with nice neat little user interfaces. So there is a huge advantage relative to what you actually see. They also keep zero day/exploits secret. So having roughly the same level of tech is no major disadvantage to them.
@_date: 2017-03-29 15:42:34
No worries. That gold is not going to be worth that much once once all that gold hits the market. Unless the Chinese government decides to hoddle it, in which case it'll never hit the market to begin with.
@_date: 2017-03-21 02:13:57
Here have some ice cream. ��
@_date: 2019-11-18 05:11:19
If it is bankrupting companies why is it that [capital returns relative to labor returns are at all time historic highs?]( And labor returns are at all time historic lows? It's not that the aggregate cost is per se bankrupting companies. On top of that these numbers don't even include the roughly 40% being paid to offshore shell companies, which they actually secretly own, as consulting fees. Thus it goes on the books as a business cost which they pay no taxes on, or counts as income even though it is income they are paying directly to themselves. Even the cost of trying to go into business to compete against these monopolistic practices is increased by the cost these monopolistic practices impose on you.
Take grocery stores, or even convenience stores, for instance. You look at their numbers and they are just barely covering cost. Except that what you don't see in those individual store numbers is all the money suppliers pay directly to corporate just for access shelf space. Then even at corporate that profit is hidden through transfers to shell companies and such. 
If this was really caused by foreign competition, illegal immigration, etc., then it would hurt profits just as much as it did wages, so the ratio would essentially remain more or less the same. But it's not. So that hypothesis fails.
@_date: 2019-03-31 11:02:35
Edit: Oops wrong link.
@_date: 2017-03-19 09:31:54
Of course some will. Some might drop out but that's part of a normal process anyway. For Coinbase to claim that this restricts the development BTC to core is basically saying that they know BU is not going to have the hash power to win the BTC moniker. Even so, to then claim BU developers can't contribute to BTC software is disingenuous. 
@_date: 2017-01-25 15:04:12
I almost never comment on this issue. The infighting got fairly nasty for awhile even. But to the degree that bitcoin can address this tx bitcoins growth will increase exponentially. To the degree this remains a bottleneck bitcoins growth will be capped. 


I have lived a several years on less than half that on average. Not counting a couple of significant financial boost I got from bitcoins. This is in the US, not some developing world issue alone. But I want to put something into perspective here. The title mentions a 23 cents fee on a $3.74 transaction. That's right near a $1 dollar fee per $16 bucks. That's essentially equivalent to me hauling a $16 bag of cans to recycle and then having to pay $1 at the local c-store to get the check cashed. A $16 dollar bag of cans requires a large heavy duty trash bag of fully crushed cans. If that bag only fetches $10 bucks then that $1 dollar check cashing fee becomes the equivalent of the 50 cent fee on a $5 dollar transaction that you mentioned. If that was the only cost increase many poor people, in the US, had to eat for being poor then their income would, in effect, increase by more than half. Possibly even doubling purchasing power in some cases.
These fee levels are quiet trivial to what poor people. Even full time employed working poor. These cost of being poor doesn't even come close to stopping once a check is cashed. A $30 dollar overdraft fee on a 40 hour take pay of $290 pretax paycheck comes out slighter higher than 50 cents on $5 bucks. Housing cheap enough to rent will generally run utility cost so much higher that a high end apartment would be cheaper in total. Get a ticket and have to pay in installments? That generally runs the cost of paying it off up by about 150%, and that's only if you can pay without any lapses. For some the cost can run up into the thousands of percent. Then there is the cost of being forced to purchase basic needs in tiny units. The cost of periodically losing everything due to lacking a stable location to keep it. This applies to the homeless getting routed and their belongings dumped as well as working poor being evicted. Which rarely follows legal standards. Some people are even pushed onto the street by local governments bulldozing their home because they couldn't afford the paint job to bring it up to code, or the fines imposed for not being up to code. 
Bottom line is that if a 50 cent fee on a $5 dollar transaction was the only extra cost of being poor it would almost be utopian. Even so, such fees will severely limit the potential of bitcoins beyond a hedge against unstable currencies and capital control measures.
@_date: 2017-01-09 01:50:39
Among the most obvious tell is the "Private, Easy, Fun" post. Especially by including "fun." An actual reviewer isn't even going to being thinking from a context in which "fun" is even relevant. In fact, given the structure of these post, this is not just some average people convinced to provide a fake 5 star review. These are actual skilled professionals at producing ad copy.
@_date: 2016-06-26 03:15:49
Bitcoin still needs to do a lot of growing as a market tool, beyond market cap derived from holding. Of course there's nothing wrong with holding, and long term should pay off handsomely. But even holding will, in the longer run, be driven more by the market, used as an exchange of goods and services, than by holding for the sake of value.
@_date: 2017-08-06 17:37:20
The limited network capability of phones can be mitigated significantly with a distributed file system where you download your network stored files in a swarm like a BitTorrent network. So if you have say a 2 meg file stored on the network you will not have a 2 meg encrypted file stored on 40 available phones. You will have a few bytes (with size optimized to maximize use of a single TCP packet) stored on thousands of phones and the byte segments will be duplicated across at least 40 phones. This way, when you request your file, no single phone requires expending any significant network capabilities.
This could also have the advantage of adding error correction. If you have a locally stored hash of the file and only a few bytes of the data is missing on the network it's relatively easy to brute force a guess at the byte sequence needed to repair it. When it matches the stored hash you know your guess at the missing bytes is valid. As more data (bytes) goes missing this become exponentially harder, but a few random dead phone batteries resulting in the loss of a few bytes of data wouldn't be a major issue.
@_date: 2016-06-16 22:50:10
I think a large part of the issue is the mechanics of default subs. At some point the things that make a sub popular tends to ebb. But once you are a default sub your going to get a constant influx of new subscribers even if nobody ever subscribes. Although a new redditors defaults don't count, as soon as they add a sub, or remove a sub, all the defaults they didn't explicitly unsubscribe from start counting as a new subscriber. So basically a default sub can evolve to suck really bad and still maintain enough new subscribers to remain a default. They then set a social tone for the site as a whole.
@_date: 2017-01-26 02:48:41
I agree that my personal is not particularly relevant to bitcoin in general. But that was the point I was essentially refuting Vaultoro's statement that the fees would exclude the developing world. That such fees are far more relevant to large volumes of money, when 10% measures in the millions or billions, and it's potential to dominate microtransactions in general regardless of income levels. If bitcoin can resolve the tx rate issue sufficiently bitcoin will come to dominate all currencies. Otherwise it's going to be constrained primarily to special purpose uses. Like personal wire transfers.
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:30:35
I once had them post it as "pending" on the online account one day, then the next day removed it from pending as if it was deducted. Then waited till the next day after that to actually deduct it from the balance. Giving a full day to trick people in overdrafting. Then stacking checks to make a dollar and some change overdraft bounce four transactions at $35 bucks a pop. A $140 hit. There's no limit to how far Wells Fargo will go to screw you.
@_date: 2016-11-12 17:23:33
Only this does in fact remain true for Bitcoin. As the price rises you use less of it to purchase the same amount of goods.
@_date: 2017-01-27 00:21:46
My point was not how it benefited me, but that the fees being quoted are right in line with expectations. That it is no more a negative for the poor, relatively speaking, than most other options. There are exceptions though, at least for me.
The way I benefited from bitcoins is someone not wanting to be identified sent me enough bitcoins that it majorly changed things for me. That's also when I managed to get a penalty/fee free online bank account that doesn't penalize me for inactivity either. Which has save me countless dollars just in check cashing fees. Altogether those bitcoins has saved/earned me more money over several years than the original face value of the bitcoins.
@_date: 2016-11-12 18:32:21
The point I was making is that if 1 Bitcoin = $100 you spend 0.5 Bitcoins on a $50 dollar item. But if that Bitcoin price goes up to $200 bucks you'll only spend 0.25 Bitcoins on that same $50 dollar item. Hence, in this sense, the use of bitcoins does in fact scale down in proportion to the their price increase.
@_date: 2016-11-13 12:14:48
No, I never mentioned tx fees. I didn't imply tx fees and change it later. I fully described what I said.
@_date: 2016-11-12 21:15:23
Don't know what Gregornomicking is. Google returns no results and it doesn't seem to be a reddit user. 
Which words changed? Originally I said:


Then in the follow up I give an example. The "*same amount of goods*" in the initial post was the "*$50 dollar item*" in the follow up post. The "*use less of it*" in the initial post was the Bitcoins spent on that $50 dollar item going from 0.5 Bitcoins to 0.25 Bitcoins in the follow up post. So I am curious as to how by words are changing?
@_date: 2016-12-28 14:39:14
I managed to use Authy to once a few years ago after several tries. Never been able to use it again. I still have no clue how the damn thing is supposed to work and/or how it's synced with any given credentials. I'll never agree to attach an account to 2FA again until something gives.
@_date: 2019-06-28 07:47:32
I don't have any money but given time it'll be good. When it has remained flat for an extended period of time you can bet that's going to be a low price. But once it starts rising you don't know when the dip is coming, and at that point it's always fairly soon. So now your best bet is to ride it out at least until it turns green again. Same way you would have had to wait and wait if you had bought during the flatline. There are no shortcuts to tell you when to buy and sale, and playing that game you will eventually lose even if you're lucky enough to gain big over the short term. And that's drives the lions share of the volitility to begin with. Because people yawn at the flatline and then get all excited when it starts rising. Driving the price higher faster than long term can sustain. Just hang onto it. Long term this is really no worse time than any other. If your willing to just sit back long enough that couple of hundred bucks is going to be nothing more than a rounding error.
@_date: 2019-10-31 09:40:17
If you wait on the right time you'll be too late. It's not like roulette in the sense that roulette is guaranteed to pay out less that the bet on average long term. But bitcoin has a much greater chance of going up than down over the long term. You just don't know how long "long term" is. If you think that you can wait till the "right time" to buy then your almost guaranteed to lose money. You can never, ever, time the market for a very simple reason. If the information existed to time the market then people buying based on that information erases the advantage that information would have provided if people weren't buying because of that information. Markets eat information needed to time buys because people act on that information differently than they would have without that information. If you buy when the market is going up then your just as likely to be buying from the same people that made it go up to begin with and now want to take their profits, meaning price is going to fall.
If you want to buy then buy, but be willing to stick it in your sock drawer and forget about unless or until you can take enough profit to be happy about it. Even if that takes years. Or just put enough money in your wallet to make purchases via bitcoin. That's that's most needed for the long term growth of bitcoin. Even more so than the investor purchases, because that volume drives investors.
@_date: 2017-11-15 08:14:14
I would need one for Linux. I've also lost access to accounts in the past because the 2FA refused to authenticate.
@_date: 2015-08-04 20:47:38
Hey bot, looks like people in that Discussion are having a hard time understanding the difference between a signed and an encrypted message. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 15:28:57


So they are acting like a regular (unregulated) bank engaging in a fractional reserve system.
@_date: 2015-08-30 17:13:57
Just say: Well no, but I have over 9000 Internets on me.
@_date: 2017-11-15 05:04:18
You really need to add a downvoted tab to the page. I don't really have the option to use 2FA. My computer itself is a dumpster find and I don't have a phone anymore. So 2FA is just something to get me locked out of my own account. 
I can inform Reddit if my account has been directly taken over. But if it's been subverted by a bot farm for vote manipulation then [account activity](  is helpful but not complete enough. Especially if it's through a backdoor on my own machine. Those tabs don't have to be public.
@_date: 2015-07-17 20:39:07
[Second image down](
Edit: Give you an upvote on this question on general principle just because others have downvoted. It was a legitimate question after all. 
@_date: 2015-07-23 07:39:09
You have that backwards.
@_date: 2015-07-17 19:38:33


Aside from the fact that there is no real evidence Gates ever said this, the memory was 640KB not 256MB. 
[Here is a 250MB hard drive from 1979](
@_date: 2017-04-06 19:49:04


Actually this is not so indirect and could potentially open them up to civil liabilities.
@_date: 2016-02-24 13:53:04
I suspect she has or plans to have services to offer that bitcoins might come in handy for. She's just accustomed to getting favors by using language like that.
@_date: 2015-07-09 05:23:21
It's a meme meme.
@_date: 2016-09-13 16:22:59
You don't establish the company as a car. You establish a company in which the car is the is the companies capital and, you, or a group, are shareholders. The company can then have a PayPal account which the car has direct access to. The companies profits are then essentially at the cars disposal, which also pays dividends to the shareholders. If the car then buys up all its own shares the car/company becomes fully autonomous.
Of course the level of autonomy will have limits, in proportion to the level of AI development. But even humans aren't entirely autonomous in an economic sense. Things like fueling/charging, maintenance, can all be contracted out. Which may or may not involve other autonomous AI units operating in a similar fashion. 
The thing is that such AI agencies can evolve incrementally from very simplistic beginnings. Not unlike evolution itself. It can all begin very simplistically, with lots of human supervision for most support requirements. Even present day AIs are quiet capable of self maximizing routes and schedules, and minimize probable driving time, to maximize profits, as well as bidding on customers interacting through an app. The long term effect, in which they eventually become entirely self reliant, will be a gradual process. But the first very modest steps in that direction will happen quiet soon.
@_date: 2015-04-01 10:47:34
@_date: 2015-04-14 02:38:52
I've installed the app but can't find it. I've signed up on the website and confirmed the email but there's no option to sign in, only create a new account. So far the only thing I can find that has changed is that on the app install page it says already installed. 
Edit: Lots of Wi-Fi hotspots here. 
Edit2: Open Enrollment just loads a blank light blue page. 
@_date: 2015-04-14 15:02:26
I installed it on android. The app store says it's installed but it's nowhere to be found on the phone. 
@_date: 2015-09-11 23:55:36
Depends, likely is though. Thing is it'll probably look years off until it happens. Need to get some drama out of the way atm.
@_date: 2015-04-14 17:45:26
It's an up to date Droid RAZR M. I have Settings &gt; Apps &gt; [filter]. The Filters include Downloaded, All, Running, and Disabled. It's not listed in any category. 
@_date: 2015-04-14 21:38:25
It doesn't look like your fault. Its doing the same with other apps. Here are the screen shots.
@_date: 2015-04-22 03:46:07
Silicone Valley: No.
@_date: 2015-09-12 08:04:10
I understand the issues well enough. Drama is not my thing though so I'll keep busy elsewhere and wait on it to be resolved. As it will one way or another.
@_date: 2016-10-03 01:30:03
As thought provoking as that statement is I'm not what is has to do with bitcoins. Unless it's attempting to make a tangential association with the definition of money and/or a particular value theory of money.
@_date: 2016-10-03 03:03:55
That makes sense, but I don't think the title alone is sufficient to make that point. In fact it could be used as a literary device for making lots of different, and even competing, points.
In this case is pretty much equivalent to the legal definition of "fair market value." Which is defined as the price a seller is willing to sell and a buyer is willing to buy. Thus, if you purchase a million dollar home at auction for $50 bucks you have by definition purchased it at fair market value. Likewise, essentially the same argument was posited for why the US real estate market wasn't in a bubble prior to 2008. 
The underlying value of bitcoins, independent of aggregate subjective value, is the degree to which it can facilitate frictionless transactions in a dependable manner. It's value is then determined by the value it adds to the transactions it's associated with, minus the value that gets arbitraged out of those transactions by the bitcoin transaction cost itself. Regular banking could in principle add far more value than it does, but the fact that the banking industry wished to arbitrage as much of that value out, through artificial barriers and fees to get around those barriers, the less actual value it creates. Hence bitcoin become an existential threat to that profit model.
This means that bitcoins have economic value beyond the aggregate subjective value, and that the level of volatility that the aggregate subjective value creates can work against the value of bitcoins. Against both the aggregate subjective value and underlying economic value.
Of course bitcoins need investors, i.e., hoarders, in order for bitcoins to reach their potential. But this is also why it's critical for bitcoin, in the long term, to become as frictionless a transactional medium as possible on as many scales as possible. From micro to macro transactions. Otherwise all it becomes is a high risk high tech Scrooge McDuck vault in which its value can't go beyond its aggregate subjective value. 
Getting past that aggregate subjective value, even further than the protocol presently allows, is what the whole block size, side channel, etc., etc., debates revolve around. Essentially how to get even further past present limits on the underlying value that is independent of the aggregate subjective value.
@_date: 2016-10-07 08:33:52
Yes, I need to see the actual evidence for this claim. Theoretically, if that evidence can be provided and tied to Backpage with enough veracity, I would convict as a juror. But the prosecutors better have their ducks lined up. I'm not biting on these raw claims.
@_date: 2016-10-03 05:10:12


If you expand the concept of value beyond aggregate subjective value, I would argue that this means it starts dragging down the economy, rather than being neutral at the match points, or positive when priced below that point. Aggregate subjective value is the thing that allows a commodity price to be maintained above market returns. More detail when I respond to your Satoshi paraphrase.


You missed the single most important element that drives the value of gold in our fractional reserve system. Trust. *In effect* it is possible, for the governor of the cash you put under your mattress to be spent by those governors without ever taking any of your physical cash. Capitalism uses a fractional reserve system to discourage money hoarding through this very mechanism. To effectively save then requires placing your back in circulation to facilitate other peoples transactions, and bleeding the value of money under your mattress. Golds value, in our modern monetary system, is then maintained because it is an effective hedge against market risk when simply hiding your money is essentially ineffective at doing so.
If it weren't for this hedge value gold offers none of the reasons you stated would be insufficient to maintain the value of gold, in a modern financial system, above it's simple supply/demand ratio. This trust issue, created through arbitraging out the value of currency even in its absence, i.e., inflation, is the element of our modern monetary system the bitcoin protocol attempting to patch. Fungible, to a degree that theoretically cash can't even match, deflationary in it's mining half life like gold, and trust based on the inability of any body to take on the role of governor, thus unable to arbitrage out the value of your money hidden under your mattress.


This is *theoretically* why we moved away from a gold based system, because it *theoretically* made it too easy to profit off of not producing. Instead letting other people take the capital risk of increasing production, while any success of those capital gains gets arbitraged out to some degree by people who have merely stashed their gold coins under their mattress. Thus disincentivizing investment in productivity. With gold given an exchange value for fiat, those investing in gold must exchange their fiat for it, freeing up that fiat for others to invest in productivity. 
Fundamentally though, the value of gold is not coupled to the stability of the cost of production in relation to the supply. It's coupled to trust in the governors of the fiat and their propensity for arbitraging out the value of your hidden fiat.


This presumes an efficient market hypothesis. The very fact that an *aggregate subjective value* is in fact very real is due to the fact that markets vary wildly in their efficiency. Otherwise greater production efficiency always leads to lower cost, because commodity price would, in a perfectly efficient market, tend to gravitate towards its continually lowered cost of production. Through innovation and technology. Only that doesn't actually happen completely, because *aggregate subjective value* comes into play.
Companies like Nike has exploited this effect to increase both their profits relative to production cost and market dominance. Basically by creating artificial scarcity in special run shoes. Thus creating a secondary trade market market among individuals that itself is bigger than their closest competitor. Here's a video that explains how they pulled that off:
The whole effect is a direct consequence of *aggregate subjective value.* It is the *aggregate subjective value* element of value that invalidates the Satoshi statement you paraphrased. Satoshi paraphrased statement would only be completely valid if and only if *aggregate subjective value* wasn't a real thing, but it is.
@_date: 2016-05-29 03:29:34


That was the point.
@_date: 2017-05-09 21:31:53
Though fluctuate it will bitcoin, barring a permanently fatal flaw found in the protocol or effectively international law banning it, is past the point where the long term price will drop significantly. Not even failing to address the scaling issue will do that, and I fully expect that issue to be improved to some degree or another regardless. The effective utility simply involves too much money for that, even with scaling limitations.
But of course your still right short term. The recent billion dollar jump in market cap in 24 hours can in fact go away as quick as it came. Though that's still a short term issue, not a long term one.
@_date: 2016-05-22 10:48:07
Oh well, I wasn't too hopeful anyway after previous experiences.
@_date: 2016-05-21 02:51:39


The reason is far simpler than might be imagined and has nothing to do with ability. GUI power users are stepped on so hard by the desktop GUIs nobody wants to put up with it. You can't even arrange the start menu how you want without onerous amount of time and work editing text files, among a lot of other annoyances, but that's not the worst part.
Basically no part of the GUI, from the custom context menu commands in Dolphin for instance to the custom quick launch commands lines, allows command line arguments. They are simply truncated. This essentially makes it manifestly impossible to transfer any of the power of the command line to the GUI in any systematic way. Too many people aren't interested in a steep learning curve to accomplish what should be over in two clicks for the sake of being uber Linux users. Not due to any lack of intelligence, but due to differing priorities. 
The developers even rub salt in the wound with a whole host of absurd statements. Including 'babysitting grandpa,' 'GUIs don't understand command lines,' etc. When you try to point out the issues they insist that allowing users to include command line args and such in their custom commands by not truncating them is somehow extra features, when in fact is the removal of a feature, via extra sanitation code, of what makes a computer a computer. They will claim it is a feature included in '.desktop' shortcuts (scripts), which do allow it. Only it's not only not an extra feature, merely a feature of all computers they didn't go through the extra trouble of disabling, it's impossible to have desktop shortcut (script) that is context sensitive, through parent/child relationships, to the particular action you want to take with some file/program.
I learned the hard way that the only way to fix this issue is to start from scratch and rewrite everything. I made shell scripts to play as an interpreter to provide a GUI with a generalized way to interact with command lines. Including windows filetype handling and such. I ran my windows based GUI application, used on my windows machine for the same general goal, under Wine. But no matter how hard I tried the existing desktop simply refused to allow it.
I spent time in various Linux desktop forums and seen where people were constantly requesting/complaining about not being able to do this or that special case. While being told 'learn the command line' when they obviously already knew the command line they needed and that this feature was denied, required too much work to address their special case, and not open for discussion. Yet the common feature of all these special case request was that they all had the same general solution. Quit truncating the command line switches in the custom commands within the GUI!
If they would get off their high horse with that one issue I could and would transform the Linux desktop into an awesome beast that would transform the entire desktop market for Linux. But I'm not going to waste my time working alone starting an entirely new desktop system from scratch just to fix the stupidity, and I am not going to waste hours, even months depending on the task, on a Linux box doing simple crap that should be over in a few clicks. As much as I love the Linux subsystem it's simply not worth it.
@_date: 2015-03-22 21:37:52
By definition any password accessible account is in effect Security Through Obscurity regardless of the cryptographic soundness that password get around. Longer more complex passwords only mean more obscurity.
The real problem with Security Through Obscurity is not that it doesn't in principle increase security. The problem is that without mathematical proof (under specified assumptions) one layer of obscurity has a potential to reduce the obscurity of another layer or bypass it altogether. The same problem exist with people attempting to implement their own in house cryptography. Often providing a means for using the output of f(a) to bypass the security of f(b), and various other issues to the same effect. Just like the proper password allows you to bypass an otherwise perfect cryptographic implementation.
It's not the Security Through Obscurity that is the issue. It's the ad hoc unproven implementations of layered methods of providing obscurity.
@_date: 2016-05-22 11:14:13
Yes, I even created a shell script I called Q, after Q on Star Trek, as a backend for all my GUI command line interface needs. Without that singular requirement being met there is simply no way to make the command line called context sensitive to the context in which it is called. Well there is one way. Alias the entire Linux subsystem. Including a unique alias for every possible variance in the command line switch. So in practical terms, no, not feasible.
@_date: 2016-05-22 10:53:43
I've been through xfce4, and every other desktop environment, and it wasn't suitable. I have one and only one **absolute** requirement. Don't truncate command line switches in custom command lines that can be embedded in the GUI. Absolutely no Linux desktop environment or file manager has met that requirement. 
@_date: 2015-11-07 01:41:04


Not before the government auctions off their own bitcoin assets. 
@_date: 2015-11-14 19:22:35
"Ultimately responsible" doesn't mean they will not act to help. Only that they have the discretion not to. Especially if it's going to cost them too much to fix.
@_date: 2015-10-27 20:56:07
I'll provide the alarm clock for free if the snooze address goes to me.
@_date: 2017-05-19 06:19:13
238 transactions with a balance of over 13 BTC is a bit more than sarcasm. But total received is also the total balance, so it doesn't appear that anybody has the key.
@_date: 2017-07-17 08:06:57
The up side is that now that the price has dropped you can up your holdings at a lower cost. Then if you wait long enough those that were purchased at $3k will be worth more than $3k. Which it certainly will so long as Bitcoins value doesn't get destroyed though fundamental protocol level issues worse than those limitations it presently has. 
Markets always over-correct for any change in conditions. This is because markets react to the market itself as much as it reacts to changes in the fundamentals of the product itself. So as Bitcoin expands its market penetration prices rise. The price increase then triggers more capitalization above and beyond the growth fundamentals. At some point the speculation backs off resulting in a price contraction. Which generates fears driving the price contraction to overreact. While this contraction is overreacting market penetration continues its steady expanse. Setting the stage for another future price expansion that would make anybody proud of getting in when the price was a mere $3k. 
As the market matures, and market penetration starts approaching saturation, these market over-corrections will become smaller relative to prices. Disregarding exogenous shocks to the market. The very fact that the swings in prices are so large, both up and down, indicates that the market is still far from saturation. Meaning that even getting in at a high point will eventually prove to be a low point relative to future prices.
Bottom line is the only thing you have to worry about is jumping boat at a loss. Hang on and you'll end up being someone bragging about only paying $3k for your Bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-02-08 21:52:03
It doesn't have to legally constitute drug dealing or money laundering to use the association to justify outlawing bitcoins. And there IS legal precedence. In many states it is a felony to build a hidden compartment into your automobile, even if nothing is ever put in it and the owner is involved in absolutely nothing illegal. 
This would be a justification for outlawing bitcoins, not a justification for arguing that they are presently against any law.
@_date: 2015-02-04 16:00:35
Basically a perception created by scandals at various exchanges. Perceptions can be more powerful than reality. In effect this is a side effect of bitcoins major strength. That being low friction transactions. 
The reality is that if you compare these "scandals" to the theft of cash equivalent, or even just the transaction cost of fiat, and add to that the ill advised practice of keeping crypto in hot wallets, these scandals are not particular relevant to anything except perception. If a large number of people stored their paper cash in a common location like a Scrooge McDuck vault and got robbed, inside job or not people would just say that was a dumn thing to do. Yet people not understanding how crypto works tends to perceive the crypto itself to be inseparable from the exchanges.
As more and more vendors start accepting bitcoins directly the exchanges will become less relevant to the perception. The exchanges themselves will also mature. 
It's just part of the predictable growing pains, even if the when and where is not so predictable. Crypto will outgrow it.
@_date: 2015-02-03 21:23:09
I've been through the "all the necessary info" ordeal with Cryptsy and came up empty. Including mail, drivers license, bank info, etc. I'm sure you even still have a picture of my ugly mug holding personal documents next to my face. Though I got shit out of it at a very bad time. In the end it only cost be about $100 bucks as I slept under a fucking bridge. Hope you enjoy my pic, because you'll never see any bitcoins from me should should the possibility arise again.
So tell me, if contacting support to get credentialed access makes you powerless to stop it why wasn't support powerless to stop me from crashing my own mother fucking bitcoins? Yeah, the support ticket still remains open since last fall.
@_date: 2015-02-03 19:56:34
The only possible reason for doing it this way is to put an effective hold on as many bitcoins as possible, which artificially inflates daily average balances like regular banks are famous for, while pretending that it's a security issue. 
Luckily Cryptsy never got the coins I needed cashed out to begin with, simply due to the onerous contact customer support issue. Fuck you right in the pussy!
@_date: 2016-05-21 07:03:01
Perhaps I will give MATE a try. I spent a couple of years going through every distro with every desktop variant I could find hoping to find something I could build off of. This was after investing months in developing scripts and a GUI with an open ended range of functions that was distro independent. LXDE came the closest in terms of personal taste but no cigar. Pcmanfm was also my favorite at the time, but it to had the same fatal flaw. Never used caja. I gave up before its time.
I actually considered writing my own file manager and using it as a substitute for the desktop itself. But I had already invested so much time in the hopes of having a productive Linux setup,  to be stymied at every turn, that I just wanted to shoot it with a shotgun by then. The bottom line is that I can put up with a lot of absurdity in limited GUI options, but the one thing that is absolutely fatal is when custom command lines are not allowed within the GUI or the command line switches are truncated by the GUI. At that point Linux gets dumped into /dev/null. 
Of course people generally don't want an options overload. My objective was not to create a vast set of options for a user to gander at in wonder and confusion. It was more a means of allowing any option, or any feature granted by a command line plus switches, to be trivially in a unified manner added as a GUI accessible option. The defaults, and what the user is subjected to on the surface, would be far more modest. Any power user that then learned something about the command line could then trivially, using a unified scheme, add those features into the GUI in a context sensitive manner. My personal choices would not fit well with a general audience either, but a community of power users could distill out a default set of settings and predefined options that is better suited a general audience. Not something that needs me creating options pages for or trying to unilaterally shove down the pipes. The rest of the power awaits the users learning curve to catch up, or them seeing some power user tip with instructions on the internet and saying "I want that." Making the full range of GUI options an extension of the command line learning curve itself.
This GUI system I wanted on Linux I have already implemented on windows, and completely replaced the Open With and filetype association of windows with it. The command line system it employs is far better suited for Linux, but the existing Linux desktop simply will not allow it. This same tiny app that does all the handling also opens drawers of options from the windows toolbar on the taskbar. It also allows me to plug it into a programmers text editor with only a single run/compile command and have that run/compile command open up drawers of options to switch compilers, compiler options, editors, viewers, etc. All while piping the stdin/stdout/stderr streams back to the text editor or wherever they are needed/wanted. Such configuration options are implicit, not something a user is explicitly faced with to confuse them, and open ended like the command line itself. I haven't even thought of all the use cases, or potential options available, to my own system. I couldn't list them all if I tried. 
As far as I'm concerned a GUI system needs to be as modular and extensible as a collection of command line programs. The file manager may have a default file properties display, and if the user doesn't know they can swap that properties display element of the GUI with another option, with the same file manager, then they just don't know. There is no options page with list of properties displays to choose from. But when they do know they can choose to swap just that element from a third party or even one they created themselves. If I have a picture browser it may be associated with a default picture viewer. But I should be able to switch to the viewer of my choice without switching the picture browser, or even switch to being presented with a list of viewers/browsers/editors to choose from. Again without overloading the user with options pages to confuse them. Such options should be implicit, not explicit, and simple to implement. Linux also needs a unified mouse mapping system. Linux kills it with keyboard options but makes users want to bash their mouse with a hammer. Even the capacity to alias key strokes with context sensitive mouse functions would solve *almost* all those issues. But Linux desktop developers seem to view the mouse as some kind of dildo. Only a dildo is likely more functional than a mouse on Linux.
Anyway, all my Linux GUI complains would be imminently forgivable but one. The truncating of command line switches within the GUI options. Everything else I would happily be resolving on my own. So unless that changes the entire OS will stay in /dev/null. 
@_date: 2015-03-31 09:29:11
Problem: [Judicial immunity](
If you pay attention over on none of this should be surprising in the least. The legal protections for prosecutors and cops differ but the effect is quiet similar. 
[Judge says prosecutors should follow the law. Prosecutors revolt.](
In that article the South Carolina State Supreme Court Justice Donald Beatty effectively admitted to knowing about prosecutorial misconduct and simply stated that they have been “getting away with too much for too long.” Leading to a large campaign against this and other judges that dare speak out against it.
This is only the tip of the iceberg. Since Ferguson low level street street cop misconduct has started to be treated a little more seriously. But this problem is endemic all the way through the entire justice system, even to the highest levels.
@_date: 2015-02-03 21:39:41
This was my last email that never got responded to in which I offered more potential options.








@_date: 2015-02-08 22:44:51
Well yeah, but that's just a formality in the context of the article. The actual point of the article was in effect the law of unintended consequences leading to centralization of power.
@_date: 2016-05-29 03:33:00
It's definitely going higher. It's just that when, how fast, and how many price drops will occur in any time period is not very predictable.
@_date: 2018-12-10 03:05:38


LOL. You trolled yourself.
@_date: 2018-12-25 20:21:23
I didn't even realize there was a new tipbot.
@_date: 2015-02-03 21:36:23
I have all the email correspondence still, including the notice of successful login to look. I see no ticket number, just a bunch of email trying to get the verification process done, which abruptly ends with my last email to cryptsy.
@_date: 2018-12-29 22:54:42
The only real problem with the graph is the 5 year timeline being specified. The truth is nobody knows what timeline is going to be required to make Amara's Law valid. But there will exist a timeline that insures it's valid after the fact.
@_date: 2015-02-04 00:21:02
They were given to me so I could get a moped. I have a bank account, drivers license, birth certificate, etc. The issue was that the mail I took a picture of, with my face in the frame, wasn't recent enough (60 days). Even before my house burned I usually didn't have any relevant mail newer than 60 days. I don't even get bank statements in the mail.
