@_author: mzoukas
@_date: 2018-01-04 18:43:30
honestly, I havent had any issues. There are "horror" stories with every platform (kind of like whats happening with Kraken right now) 
The transfer from fiat to crypto on coinbase takes the longest but thankfully it locks you in at the price you bought it for in that moment. Its taken anywhere from 2-6 days to convert. IMO Coinbase is the safest "bank" to use when dealing with cryptos. Not only are they FDIC insured but they store a majority of their coins off site in paper wallets all around the world so if there was ever a hack, a majority of coins would be safe. So to me, waiting is worth it because I know my money is sound. As for transfer time between Coinbase and Gdax, it's never taken more than a day. Most of the time its instant.  
When transferring from Gdax to other trade sites it honestly depends on the volume of users on both of the sites. Yea, I want it to be instant but with current technology and spike of users (esp bitcoin) it's not instant between any site I've worked with (besides coinbase and gdax since the accounts are linked) The longest I've waited for a transfer was one I did yesterday actually. I did it in the middle of the day and the bitcoin didnt transfer until the next morning. That was through Bittrex which is already a bit sketchy and had 2 delay notices on the site prior to the exchange. On average, it takes about 20 min. 
One thing to know, never keep money in exchanges unless you want to trade. Always store them in some type of wallet for the long term (coinbase being a great digital one)
Also, I personally think a good amount of "horror stories" are user error. Its so easy to brainfart and screw something up if you're not paying attention to what you're doing. I've almost sent a good amount of coin to the wrong address.. If I did that and clicked send without verifying, I would have lost it without realizing it. I would be waiting for days for the tranfer to happen and basically shit out of luck. 
Just remember, when user volume is high, it will always take forever no matter what site you use. Miners are overloaded already as it is, and that drives the fee costs up. 
@_date: 2018-01-04 17:05:17
If you use Gdax with coinbase it's way cheeper. I buy coins with fiat in coinbase, then transfer it to Gdax (free). You can trade there fee free as well if you dont use market price. Also, transferring coins out of Gdax to another exchange is usually free or has a REALLY low charge. 
Currently I'm working with 8 different trade sites but as far as my favorites? Binance and Poloniex are pretty great. Binance coming in 1st. So far, that and Poloniex have been very reliable however there are fees to trade and to withdraw (I recently went to transfer Bitcoin from Binance to Cryptopia and it was going to cost $15 worth of bitcoin.. I said fuck that and bought more bitcoin in coinbase, transferred it for free to Gdax and then for free to Cryptopia. Took more steps but saved some money.   
Note: I do still use coinbase as my main source for buying the big 3 with fiat. 
2nd Note: Im so over Kraken. I've been trying to log in for 2 days now. I'm pulling all of my coins out as soon as I can log in again. So over it. 