@_author: n0n53nse
@_date: 2017-12-05 21:31:08
I'm truly sorry for your loss.  No family deserves to go through that pain.  
I will say, in general, I've never been a depressed person in my life, I have only ever wanted people around me to be happy.  I try to cheer people up, make them laugh, try to be there for them when they need.  I don't typically worry too long over things that, in the big picture, are not a big deal.  That is, to me are not a big deal.  My big deals are not the same as other's, we all have our issues.    But as someone who tried to get in early on bitcoin multiple times with no success it has caused me some feelings lately that I'm not really used to having.  That dread of knowing you could have changed your life.  Knowing that you did try, but just not hard enough.  That is something that's really been eating at me over the past couple months.  Especially when I hear people around me talk about being bitcoin millionaires/billionaires.  I would never say anything to them about it because I am happy for them but it does bring about an uneasiness to my gut that I typically wouldn't feel over something like this.
@_date: 2017-11-29 07:09:28
If you can afford it, do it.  But not for the money, for the idea.  Then enjoy.
But I do feel your pain and as a holder of 0 BTC, I can't help but be upset with myself too.  Years ago, I remember thinking to myself, "I want to get in on this movement".  But at the time I just couldn't afford it.  
So I started trying to sell stuff I had laying around my apartment for bitcoin.  Things like spare computer parts, comics, a capture card, you know, junk.  Needless to say, I had no luck.  Fast forward about a year.  I see Bitcoin on the rise still, already kicking myself for not finding a way to get in, I get desperate.  I go to my closest, get my prized possession.  My original 1985 Nike Air Jordan 1s, Chicago's.  Now it might not sound like much to most, but to me, at that point in my life, they were very special.  I thought, no one wanted that other junk, so let me give give them something special
I head over to submit new post, "Wanting to sell my original 1985 Jordan 1s Want Bitcoin".  Hit submit and begin imagining the amount of offers I was about to see rolling in.   Bidding wars would be waged, I thought.  Let's just stay it did not turn out like I imagined.  Nothing, no responses.  I think I may have received a single PM with an offer of like $100 cash.  Trying to defeat my purpose much?  LOL
So I gave up.  Don't be me.  If you can, do it.  I regret everyday that I didn't try again and again and again.
Now here we are on the night of crossing the 10k mark and to celebrate, I finally bought in.  My first little slice of "change".
I'm not very active here and never really post much, but have lurked for just about the entire journey(and will continue).  The stories, man, the stories.  From the well-known $100 million dollar pizza, every article written framing bitcoin as a nerd money that will never be relevant, people jumping ship to other cryptos just to hop right back to bitcoin.   Fathers and son's starting businesses, the shitposts, the very valuable discussions about what Bitcoin means.  Oh man, and the tips.  People used to tip other user's, in Bitcoin, for their comments.  Looking back those tips must be worth tens of dollars now.  I've seen some shit.  So, I'm saying, do it.  Even a little makes you part of something that could change things on a large scale.
Ok, sorry, this ended up being a lot longer than I expected.
