@_author: n3h4l3m
@_date: 2014-03-11 17:55:03
That you take any time at all to give a descent reply is testament that you are dedicated to your cause.
I didn't think you yourself where directly involved with Mt. Gox and I don't think you're some "giant mystery" I am familliar with some of your work and like I said you come off as a pretty descent guy.
Your explanation is clear and it has given me a better understanding of your involvement now, thank you for enlightening me.
I know your show I find it informative and I hope you will have the motivation, time and resources to continue that endevour for many years to come.
I am sorry if I have personally offended you in any way.
Good luck to you and your project also sir and hopefully it works out well for everyone involved including you.
@_date: 2014-03-11 16:48:19
Thank you for taking your time to reply, point taken.
It wasn't my intention to push your buttons.
I understand what you are saying and I should have showed some more respect for your opinion. 
I will try and formulate my responses more thoroughly next time, no hard feelings.
@_date: 2014-03-10 03:07:09
Family fortunes are made by saving and investing forever until the day you die then you pass it on to your family.
@_date: 2014-03-10 11:50:48
Yes but the investment in mining gear is in no way reflected in the BTC itself, it does however add value to the size and power of the BTC network itself but at least theoretically it could be used for many other things then solely transfer BTC's, that is where the real value lies in the protocol/technology and infratructure.
@_date: 2014-03-09 12:43:51
They filed for bankruptcy in Japan as far a I know, which is similar to Chapter 11 bankruptcy in the United States, you should get your own facts straight.
Mt.Gox has filed for bankruptcy protection and has outstanding debt of about $63.6 million, a lawyer for the Bitcoin exchange said today during a press conference at the Tokyo District Court, reports the WSJ.
The company also disclosed that it had lost 850,000 units of Bitcoin, including 750,000 belonging to customers. That amount is worth about $477 million, based on current exchange rates.
@_date: 2014-03-10 03:48:03
We will talk again when you have grown up and learned some chart analysis.
@_date: 2014-03-08 23:56:17
Wasn't Mt.Gox closed down, insolvent and out of business? 
So why the sudden move of large amounts of BTC on Mt.Gox while they supposedly lost them all I thought they didn't have any BTC left, and why are people thinking this is a disbursement don't people think Mt.Gox would have made a statement had they been working on a disbursement?
I think this is a perfect example of how Mt.Gox has always tried to keep everyone out of the loop in the dark including their customers just keep them guessing and above all keep just a little bit of hope alive a tiny glimmer of light that is how they have always operated, they haven't taken any responsibility except for Marks public apologies and bow, I hope that was worth half a billion.
@_date: 2014-03-09 21:06:40
We do need to know what happend and people need to be held accountable for their actions and violations something you and Michael Keferl seem to try and avoid at all cost.
Mt.Gox and Mark Karpesel hired you and Humintis is connected directly to Mt. Gox something you forgot to tell all these people you're trying to play for a fool.
@_date: 2014-03-10 11:56:38
And just to be sure, I have nothing against using fiat or speculation, it are some of the many tools and practices at our disposal and if you can use it to your advantage you should.
@_date: 2014-03-10 03:46:41
You should go play and gamble with your bitcoins kid, you don't even posses the mental capacity to be aware of market sentiment and price movements you clearly don't have a clue about stocks and investing.
@_date: 2014-03-09 18:04:55
I am sorry for you that you lost your wealth when your bitcoins got stolen.
Nobody is claiming money is nothing, it's neither the alpha and omega but you will find that out soon enough what fiat paper debt really is once the insolvency of our financial institutions becomes more and more obvious with each day passing and more people lose faith in it, just as will happen to bitcoin eventually.
Time is priceless because you can never get that back you can get your money back however, people still have the misplaced illusion that money equals happiness and time, it does not, when your time comes no money in the world will change that.
I know people in Africa who live in a wooded shack have nothing and are more happy and satisfied then you are or will ever be with the value you assign to money it may well be your master and you are its servant. 
And you are already a slave since the day you where born if you did not figured that out already by now, you always have always and you always will so will I, a debt slave to be precise. 
Fiat paper that which you mistake for money = debt and nothing more, a medium of exchange and a liability with a 3rd party risk and it is printed by a commercial private entity and we are their worthless debt slaves.
@_date: 2014-03-11 11:29:17
The sad truth Adam, is that Michael Keferl, Mandala and Humint are tainted.
You can keep up the whole charade and act like there is no connection and that Mandala wasn't hired by Mt. Gox before shit hit the fan, honestly I don't really care, I appreciate you took time to respond you seem like a pretty descent guy but I can't say that about everyone.
@_date: 2014-03-09 11:56:26
Two bits leak was not fake it was a draft, the 180k btc you mean are most likely Mark Karpeles personal btc stash he is said to have about 350k btc himself, this whole thing is a giant scam..
@_date: 2014-03-09 20:31:28
Mr. Levine is trying to shake Mt.Gox customers out of their BTC holdings for pennies on the dollars
What they are trying to pull here is helping Mt.Gox avoid any accountability and trying to get rid of their debt liabilities and obligations to their customers, and it would not suprise me one bit if this is their way of trying to run off with the 850k BTC that supposedly went missing.
I wonder how much Adam B Levine got paid to for this draft, what % of the customer funds did they promise you?
Humintis is working for the interests of Mt.Gox and Mark Karpeles not for the interests of the customers of Mt.Gox.
It is so obvious what is happening here, this is their cheap way out and they know it.
Call it a bail-out of Mt.Gox by the community on the Mt.Gox customers dime or whatever you want to call it, this has nothing to do with the interests of the customers but with the interests of mark Karpeles and Adam Levine, that is what Humintis is getting paid for by Mt.Gox/Mark karpeles.
@_date: 2014-03-11 03:08:24
MANDALAH, Global Conscious Innovation Consultancy.
For most of 2013, Mandalah Tokyo had the opportunity to work up-close and personal with an emerging class of technology that is changing global finance for the better. Mandalah led the strategy and design for  a bitcoin information portal that received tremendous reviews for its design and content. Bitcoin, the decentralized digital currency, made waves last year when the price rocketed from around $20 to over $1,200 in a matter of months and throughout this Mandalah's team worked directly with Tokyo-based bitcoin exchange MtGox, the largest in the world and the company responsible for enabling global trading of bitcoin. What began as a mandate to better facilitate internal and external communications quickly became a mission to not only improve MtGox's products and services, but promote Bitcoin to the world. 
As we enter 2014, Mandalah's fingerprints are on a lot of Bitcoin and digital currency projects. Our Tokyo team is working with MtGox to research, conceive, and implement the future of digital currency exchange, as well as building a host of applications and tools that work within a complete ecosystem. The goal is to make Bitcoin accessible to everyone with design that brings ease of use and legitimacy to a financial tool that is not yet understood well by the world, but is incredibly important. Additionally, our work on the Humint project ( is bringing Mandalah's spirit of Conscious Innovation to the creation of currencies for global brands, with the ultimate goal of bringing both purpose and profit the way companies reward loyalty of customers and stakeholders. Humint's launch has brought a strong interest from around the world, and we are currently working with clients to achieve these goals. 
While Mandalah recognized the world-changing possibilities of Bitcoin back in 2012, this revolution is just beginning. Mandalah Tokyo CEO Michael Keferl is also a co-founder of the Japan Bitcoin Association, a non-profit focused on education and evangelization of the technology within Japan. With a well-informed media, business sector, and public Bitcoin has incredible possibilities in the only country where using electronic money is already a fact of daily life for many.
Tibanne wants to create its own alternate currency to get rid of its BTC liabilities easily
They ordered Mandalah to create a website for it and do publicity so it looks like it is a community effort
Tibanne effectively wants to make its users work for getting their money back, by advertising a relaunched MtGox website and GoxCoin.
It would have been perfect if Tibanne had its way: Mark simply owns some of these Goxcoins, and uses them to pool the debt and give people liquidity. Then Mark buys it all up for pennies. Next, a bunch of BTC are magially found and/or recovered. Because Mark holds a large amount of these Goxcoin, the discovery of bitcoins means that he is able to reap huge profits.
The whois for  was changed. Mandalah/Tibanne were obviously not pleased we found out about their little scheme. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 13:05:05
And where did I say they have no money at all?
"It means they don't have all the money to cover all liabilities."
Indeed nuff said, and now they need you to pour in some more money in this lost cause to help them out, classic ponzi scheme and fractional reserve practices. 
Tragic to see disingenuous unscrupulous old skool joint venture profit above all else capitalists thrive on BTC and its naive users.
@_date: 2014-03-11 03:52:16
"I think they are in the process of slowly but successfully recovering them"
"I think this because all their legal filings are to buy time."
Keep telling yourself that little buddy if it makes you feel better, I hope you didn't lose much at Mt. Gox.
What exactly is it that your mental capacity can't grasp about the fact that Mt. Gox filed for chapter 15 BANKRUPTCY???
Buying time??? GTFO buy time with what??? They are insolvent over with and done for.
@_date: 2014-03-10 22:08:29
Oh so the Bitcoin is backed by the mining gear now?
@_date: 2014-03-10 22:03:46
I understand, dumped my btc holdings when it went parabolic last year.
@_date: 2014-03-10 11:46:25
I didn't mean that there was nothing stolen, but that a rumor alone that someone who is managing large customer funds is stealing from them is deadly for his business.
@_date: 2014-03-09 21:16:58
They are not going to answer that question.
Look at how he's trying to beat around the bush.
Humintis works for Mt. Gox and is directly connected to them they have major conflicts of interests and they know it, its all shenanigans to line their pockets at the expense of the still naive and gullible shellshocked Mt. Gox customers.
@_date: 2014-03-09 12:17:47
Keep your head held high brother, it's only money, you are above that it is why you believed in Bitcoin also.
Money is just convenient but it is not the beginning or the end, you will gain and lose some of it again and again many times still. 
As long as you are healthy have beloved and supportive family you care about, a roof over your head, food on the table and money to pay the bills that's what matters.
Human beings are also some of the most resilient creatures, we can take a big hit if it doesn't take us down we'll fight through it and still end up on the right side of the equation.
@_date: 2014-03-11 11:53:34
Mandala, aka Michael Keferl aka Humint says: 
"Our Tokyo team is working with MtGox to research, conceive, and implement the future of digital currency exchange, as well as building a host of applications and tools that work within a complete ecosystem."
Funny huh how he doesn't even rap one word about the bad state Mt. Gox was in which he must've already known by then because it wasn't even a public secret anymore by then that Mt. Gox was insolvent.
 
Mandala also tried to cover up their direct involvement in Humint when it leaked out that they tried to serve both Mt. Gox as wel as its victims through a blatantly obvious construction I just explained to you, even the whois for  was changed because Mandalah/Tibanne were obviously not pleased some people found out about their little scheme. 
@_date: 2014-03-10 00:04:35
It is fiat currency it is a medium of exchange a paper created out of debt a liability and a third party risk how can you call this money, it is just a piece of paper with numbers printed on it and it has no intrinsic value.
Real money does not hinge on a confidence game.
I know where you get your definitions from, it is spoon fed to you.
@_date: 2014-03-10 03:18:53
With stocks and markets it is not always impossible to predict it relatively acurate depending on the trading vehicle you use but I agree that with crypto currency it can be more difficult although the price seems relatively stable after the Mt. Gox debacle.
@_date: 2014-03-09 04:32:58
Lmfao only a fraction? 99% you mean, what exactly don't you understand about mtgox filed for bankruptcy, is insolvent and shut down?
@_date: 2014-03-11 00:01:04
Or it supports that they indeed where running a fractional reserve ponzi scheme.
@_date: 2014-03-08 20:39:17
I don't think so, as far as I know the authorities (Japanese authorities are still trying to figure out what exactly bitcoin is they have no experience with these "sophisticated" kind of crimes, you can see it how they handled the press conference like it is some make up or break up case) don't control Mt.Gox and the hackers neither, that only leaves Gox insiders with physical acces.
This whole thing has inside job written all over it, to bad we got Mark Karpeles as narrator instead of Matt Damon.
@_date: 2014-03-09 23:29:10
A bitcoin exchange that has been running a fractional reserve ponzi scheme all along, deja vu all over again.
@_date: 2014-03-09 23:07:51
Bitcoin IS fiat currency, currency does not equal money but simply means a medium of exchange money can be a medium of exchange but does not have to be a currency.
Gold is money not a currency but it is also a medium of exchange.
@_date: 2014-03-09 13:16:07
I never said they didn't return any money, like you said yourself they just buy you out for pennies on the dollars, good for them.
I don't base my assumptions on someone else's opinion but on all the information that is available to the public, you are the one that is making assumptions.
I don't trust anyone just like that either, I have never said they aren't going to pay you one dime or that they don't have any dime left, and I never said " they are all scammers" that is just what you make out of it, and where did I say that "two bit idiot is a truth teller and savior" those are your words not mine, so let me ask you who is making the assumptions now? 
I think it is you pal and it is very hypocritical to accuse someone else of making assumptions while all you do yourself is assuming.
It is absolutely hilarious and saddening how exchanges like Mt.Gox have been manipulating BTC(value) like a regular fractional reserve fiat currency bank.
@_date: 2014-03-11 00:05:11
You're right that is exactly what is happening here. At least your eyes are wide open, some other victims are to shellshocked to see.
@_date: 2014-03-10 12:04:15
You're correct Bitcoin is not a traditional fiat currency but it does comply with this feature that is attributed to fiat currency: "intrinsically valueless money" it is just not state-issued.
@_date: 2014-03-10 03:03:25
Bitcoin is not sound money, sound money is backed by intrinsic value and not solely based on trust as is with BTC $ and other fiat (crypto)currencies.
@_date: 2014-03-09 20:44:29
The easy way out to try and avoid fraud, negligence and mismanagement charges for the people involved they don't want to take any responsibility at all.
And the easiest way to squeal out of their responsibilities and obligations towards their customers and get a hold of all the funds they embezzled for cheap.
This is practically legalized robbery and their way of avoiding having to take any accountability for their violations in the court of law.
Some people just have no shame and decency and will try to make a profit over other peoples misery any way they can that is what is happening here. 
It is blatantly obvious that Humints only serves the interests of Mt.Gox and Mark Karpeles, nice sham though hats off.
@_date: 2014-03-10 11:44:37
Agreed the protocol does but not the BTC itself and that's where many people wrongly assume is the value itself, it is the technology that has intrinsic value but it could be used for many other applications.
@_date: 2014-03-10 01:28:25
Real money is not created out of thin air but by real production not by pressing a button.
@_date: 2014-03-11 13:38:14
I am really sorry to hear that you also have been victimized by Mt. Gox, its staff and the greedy millionaire billionaire leaders of the BTC community.
I have much sympathy for everyone who lost something in Mt. Gox or btc in general due to their trusting nature and faith they are willing to put into people and markets whether it be by lacking advice or lacking judgement. 
This honest trust gets grossly exploited by the people who control large part of the BTC infrastructure and BTC holdings, they are some of the most worthless and pitiful examples of humans that currently exist.
I think nobody deserves to be fleeced and emptied like this and if I where in charge I would put everyone who is responsible for this against the wall or at least hand them a life sentence.
The utter greed and completely missing moral compass of many of the people involved at the very top of Bitcoin has truly amazed me in a very bad way.
I hope that you and others who have been duped by BTC and Mt. Gox that you will  never again sell your trust for cheap to people you don't know well personally because in the end it are common people who operate BTC and to err is human nature, it is proven time and time again by the human beings themselves that they are not worth it and don't deserve to be given any trust or faith if they didn't earn it first.
If I where people like Erik Voorhees, Roger Ver and all those other high horse inflated egos and I would genuinely believe in Bitcoin I would bail-out all the victims of Mt. Gox with the billions in BTC they still hold themselves to help rebuild that trust and faith they purposely damaged, exploited and abused.
But they don't believe in BTC at all they just view it as another quick money making scheme sadly at the expense of others human beings.
It just shows their true character and what their real priorities are, protecting and keeping their own massive profits they reaped intact.
@_date: 2014-03-09 02:48:10
People and their excuses to make themselves believe it wasn't mtgox their fault, I find it mindboggling that you try to convince yourself a good 'ol ponzi scheme isn't the most logical explantion if you would truly know gox and MK rap-sheet.
It is truly amazing how people still now the mtgox bubble has popped trying to convince themselves that it was the governments fault.
You wanted unregulated financial tools you got them and still its the governments fault, you should grow up.
@_date: 2014-03-11 11:24:10
You are wrong my friend Mandala is hired by Mt. Gox and that is what I have been saying all along THIS IS A MAJOR CONFLICT OF INTEREST.
I don't know what you don't understand about the documents that have been leaked and by Manalas own ADMISSION!
Here is their facebook page post, please don't fool yourself with assumptions and blind guesses, I will try to explain it to you one time and one time alone in very clear language MANDALA WAS HIRED BY MT. GOX LONG BEFORE THE SHIT HIT THE FAN, I hope this is clear language to you..........
MANDALAH, Global Conscious Innovation Consultancy.
For most of 2013, Mandalah Tokyo had the opportunity to work up-close and personal with an emerging class of technology that is changing global finance for the better. Mandalah led the strategy and design for  a bitcoin information portal that received tremendous reviews for its design and content. Bitcoin, the decentralized digital currency, made waves last year when the price rocketed from around $20 to over $1,200 in a matter of months and throughout this Mandalah's team worked directly with Tokyo-based bitcoin exchange MtGox, the largest in the world and the company responsible for enabling global trading of bitcoin. What began as a mandate to better facilitate internal and external communications quickly became a mission to not only improve MtGox's products and services, but promote Bitcoin to the world. 
As we enter 2014, Mandalah's fingerprints are on a lot of Bitcoin and digital currency projects. Our Tokyo team is working with MtGox to research, conceive, and implement the future of digital currency exchange, as well as building a host of applications and tools that work within a complete ecosystem. The goal is to make Bitcoin accessible to everyone with design that brings ease of use and legitimacy to a financial tool that is not yet understood well by the world, but is incredibly important. Additionally, our work on the Humint project ( is bringing Mandalah's spirit of Conscious Innovation to the creation of currencies for global brands, with the ultimate goal of bringing both purpose and profit the way companies reward loyalty of customers and stakeholders. Humint's launch has brought a strong interest from around the world, and we are currently working with clients to achieve these goals. 
While Mandalah recognized the world-changing possibilities of Bitcoin back in 2012, this revolution is just beginning. Mandalah Tokyo CEO Michael Keferl is also a co-founder of the Japan Bitcoin Association, a non-profit focused on education and evangelization of the technology within Japan. With a well-informed media, business sector, and public Bitcoin has incredible possibilities in the only country where using electronic money is already a fact of daily life for many.
@_date: 2014-03-10 11:54:34
Please correct me if I am wrong.
BTC is as we speak more a "fiat speculation vehicle" then a digital fiat crypto currency, it is just to volatile to be taken seriously as a legit and widely accepted currency.
Since Mt. Gox closed down I do feel it has become less volatile so who knows maybe we can all call it a reliable and stable currency someday.
@_date: 2014-03-09 17:06:16
Indeed we will. :D
@_date: 2014-03-09 12:55:05
This is all a big scam and if you haven't figured that out by now, because it does not take a rocket scientist at all, you kind of deserve to lose what you had with Mt.Gox.
Everyone with more than half a brain knows they have been played for a fool many times over by these people, I believe they call it charlatans, Mark Karpeles, Roger Ver, Erik Voorhees et al they are all money grubbing liars and fraudsters trying to line their own pockets at the expense of naive bitcoin users, it is clear to everyone who's judgement isn't clouded by the bitcoin mania.
@_date: 2014-03-09 01:33:07
Mt.Gox is insolvent filed for bankruptcy and closed down, there should not be any withdrawals period the end.
I don't blame you for trying hard to keep a tiny glimmer of hope alive but who exactly are you trying to fool beside yourself?
@_date: 2014-03-11 17:23:07
You have no reason to apologize my comment was rude and condescending and I agree that it doesn't add anything to the discussion.
Your capability to bud heads, not dwell on it for to long, turn the other cheek, and move on is admirable, cherish that.
My English debating skills are not that great and this level of conversation might help me to do better next time so I appreciate your ability to formulate your opinion, I can learn from that because English is not my first language.
I do want to point out that this is not about being overly optimistic but about a company that has used up all their goodwill and has to prove a thing or two before they deserve being given any optimism.
This company has willingly lied to and mislead its customers for months maybe even years so for me and probably many other people with me there is not a single reason to believe they will be forthcoming now.
Mt. Gox to me is just not trustworthy and its CEO a a habitual liar and proven fraud so I have to see them put their money where there mouth is for once before I will become even a little optimistic, it has nothing to do with bias but historical facts.
And as full disclosure I didn't lose anything in Mt. Gox either I am just like you interested in this subject and only want to analyze facts impartially also to get to know the truth. 
I am grateful that when all is said and done this can eventually unite people in their motivation to have a healthy argument even if our opinions can differ from time to time.
@_date: 2014-03-11 00:11:50
Still waiting for those Japanese monkeys to start seizing all of Mark Karpeles assets.
@_date: 2014-03-09 12:28:19
Mt.Gox is insolvent period the end, why exactly do you think they try to get investors to pump more money into their dishonest practices?
Right because they are insolvent.
If you mean Mark Karpeles still has a lot of cash yes you're right he does.
We'll see how far he can be held accountable for his customers losses.
@_date: 2014-03-11 03:05:42
Tibanne wants to create its own alternate currency to get rid of its BTC liabilities easily
They ordered Mandalah to create a website for it and do publicity so it looks like it is a community effort
Tibanne effectively wants to make its users work for getting their money back, by advertising a relaunched MtGox website and GoxCoin.
It would have been perfect if Tibanne had its way: Mark simply owns some of these Goxcoins, and uses them to pool the debt and give people liquidity. Then Mark buys it all up for pennies. Next, a bunch of BTC are magially found and/or recovered. Because Mark holds a large amount of these Goxcoin, the discovery of bitcoins means that he is able to reap huge profits.
The whois for  was changed. Mandalah/Tibanne were obviously not pleased we found out about their little scheme. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 22:24:54
Thank you for pointing out my ignorance and for the wiki link, at least we can both appreciate Occam's Razor.
You don't have to play the wikipedia game with me though.
But maybe if we apply this one we can come to a different conclusion, we'll see.
 
@_date: 2014-03-11 01:25:08
Exactly no way you don't notice 850k BTC missing they knew and they kept their mouths shut to keep the gig going.
There are even serious implications that the Bitcoin Foundation has tried to help bail Mt. Gox out so they could keep up appearances and continue their dishonest schemes even longer.
From what I know they have been running a fractional reserve ponzi scheme for quite a while.
@_date: 2014-03-11 12:00:21
Mandalah CEO Michael Keferl: "Our Tokyo team is working with MtGox to research, conceive, and implement the future of digital currency exchange, as well as building a host of applications and tools that work within a complete ecosystem." January 24, 2014, at 11:17am
Don't even get me started on this one...
@_date: 2014-03-08 19:38:47
I am not really  savvy in the inner workings of the inner workings of the bitcoin network.
Correct me if I am wrong, but Mt.Gox closed down and said they didn't have a penny or 0.00000001 BTC left, yet since March 7 suddenly large transactions occur.
So unless some hacker(s) took complete physical and digital control of the systems that run the Mt.Gox operations I see no other way then that this is an inside job and someone at Mt.Gox is facilitating these transactions.
Because an outsider could not take over a complete platform after it has been shut down and it has to be activated from the inside.
And here the Mt.Gox transaction/trading platform becomes active again.
The Mt.Gox platform should have been shut and locked down completely by the Mt.Gox staff and the legal authorities after it filed for bankruptcy and seized all activities and operations because there wasn't a dime left and yet here 180k BTC gets transferred through a trading platform that is supposed to be out of business.
It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out the few people that would still have full acces to the Mt.Gox systems and operations. 
@_date: 2014-03-11 13:00:31
You're welcome, I hope you didn't lose much at Mt. Gox and that you will be refunded and get back whats rightfully yours.
I never dealt with Mt. Gox but it has completely destroyed any faith I had left in bitcoin, I do think the technology is important but btc won't be that next paradigm.
@_date: 2014-03-10 01:46:09
Bitcoin is not created out of debt the $ is, BTC is a fiat speculation vehicle/cryptocurrency.
Bitcoin has NO intrinsic value the technology and protocol has value BTC itself does not even exist except in the blockchain indeed and it is all a confidence game the moment people don't accept bitcoin anymore the gig is up.
You can't even hold your BTC with a digital fiat dollar I could atleast withdraw it something you couldn't even do at Mt. Gox.
Backed by cpu power GTFO kid does BTC somehow magically store and preserve this invisible CPU power no it does not it is backed by nothing but trust that's it.
Bitcoin does not store anything it is just a digital string nothing more nothing less.
You are a seriously disillusional greedy geek if you have the misplaced illusion BTC has any intrinsic value, a "history of work" doesn't mean jack shit, a barrel of oil has intrinsic value real production is stored in that the Bitcoin mining itself is not real production you can't take the energy out of the BTC that you put in it to created it.
It has zero nada zip industrial purposes unlike oil silver gold copper etc when push comes to shove a rusted piece of rusted iron will be worth more then a BTC.
You completely fail to realize that BTC can be gone as fast as it rose and already many things are happening that are undermining the general faith and trust of most people in BTC only BTCoolies like yourself trust foolishly and blindly in digital numbers, it can be erased at the flip of a switch just like your bank account.
Bitcoin is very prone to manipulation also and the market is easily cornered the crashes and soars where often artificially created by bots.
Even an exchange as Mt. Gox has done their fare share of BTC price manipulation.
At this point BTC is a speculative vehicle and you can still buy some stuff with it for now atleast.. :D
@_date: 2014-03-08 20:25:39
The flaky crisis draft is solely written on the assumption that customers will still have any trust to do business with a company that supposedly "lost" half a billion of their customers dollars in BTC through theft over a few years time span.
It's like a bank that just went bust and then opens a new office with only a fraction of the wealth of their customers that they lost/wasted/stole and then tell depositors they can deposit whenever whatever they like but will have limited withdraw capabilities.
This might work for a fresh company without any rap-sheet that didn't yet destroy and spit on the trust and faith millions of customers put into them.
Are they that ignorant and arrogant that they assume that anyone will put faith in them again as if trust comes that cheap. 
The only customers they will ever have is old customers looking to get the money they lost back paid in full or some tiny reimbursement but they sure as hell aren't going to deposit and trust any money to them ever again, except the customers that did not learn one bit from their past mistakes.
@_date: 2014-03-09 21:56:34
Thank you for your response.
Maybe if you study some MK-Ultra you could control what I believe.
Humint is owned by Mandalah the firm hired by Mt. Gox. 
Humint seems to have a conflict of interest and they don't represent the interests of the customers but those of Mt. Gox.
@_date: 2014-03-10 19:12:51
Yeah but the protocol ain't the coin, but the technology behind it big difference, so maybe you should "invest" in that instead of buying a string of digital characters.
@_date: 2014-03-08 19:55:30
Why large amounts of BTC are getting moved by Mt.Gox while they are supposedly officially out of business filed for bankruptcy because they supposedly lost 99% of their assets and are under investigation?
Yet suddenly they start moving around almost 1/3 of the missing Bitcoins that shouldn't even be in their possession anymore according to them?
To me it seems some shady things are going on right now, isn't this another clear indicator and a giant red flag that there is a big fraud going on?
When a financial institution shuts down its operations and files for bankruptcy due to insolvency because they have been  supposedly "robbed" of 99.7% of their assets is it normal that they start to move large amounts of wealth they shouldn't even posses anymore through a platform that is closed down and there shouldn't be any activity until the matter is legally resolved?
@_date: 2014-03-09 13:26:11
Also if you happen to be one of the early customers of Mt.Gox then Mark Karpeles most likely bought and paid for Mt.Gox with your money.
And if you are one of those that still had funds in Mt.Gox when it went down under then Mark Karpeles &amp; Co has a nice offer for you and you can buy a share for dollars on the pennies of your own money in the defunct company that he bought and paid for with his customers money that is the sad truth about the game that is being played behind the scenes.
@_date: 2014-03-09 12:07:02
Lol goddamn that's a lot a Yens...
Know how much Jappy money is worth?
You do the math broheem wether Mt.Gox still has that 700 million USD of customer funds in Yen, I don't think so little broheem.
1 Japanese yen = 0.009681 U.S. dollars
Hope you didn't lost any money with them, GL
@_date: 2014-03-09 21:28:38
Touche brother, he doesn't even dare to answer that comparison because he knows you are damn right.
It is all smoke and mirrors what he is trying to do, it is so obvious it isn't even funny.
He is trying to screw Mt. Gox customers out of their money all over again and he is helping Mark Karpeles and other Mt. Gox staffers to avoid criminal investigation and charges and not helping with a solution, he really thinks he can keep this charade going for much longer.
They only want to be able to say look we solved it no biggie nothing to see here move along people, and not be held accountable for their customers 850k BTC they supposedly just "lost" 
I wonder how much money he got for this sham and what percentage was promised to him.
It is pure opportunism of Humintis nothing more if anything they serve their own interests beside those of Mt. Gox.
The greatest trick Huminist Michael Keferl and Adam B Levine ever pulled was trying damn hard to convince the world that the Mt. Gox connection did not exsist, POOOOOOOF, and like that they are gone with your 850K BTC.
@_date: 2014-03-10 03:31:53
"You can be the best accountant in the world. If your neighbors spread the rumor that you might be killing kittens in your backyard, no one will want to hire you."
It is much easier to just spread the rumor that the accountant is stealing from his customers, that is reputation loss, kinda like what happened to Mark Karpeles the Mt. Gox accountant.  
@_date: 2014-03-11 11:46:35
I guess you must find it perfectly fine if your own lawyer serves both the interests of your prosecution and of yourself.
You just pray to god and cross your fingers that for your lawyer your interests come before those of the prosecutions otherwise....
@_date: 2014-03-09 01:21:44
Yeah tin foil hat stuff indeed, lmfao I find it extremely amusing you entertain even the thought of MK having stored his keys at a bank in a safety deposit box, you might aswell just store your money there instead of running the risk of losing half a billion in btc.
@_date: 2014-03-09 16:22:55
Nice insult kid, very mature of you.
@_date: 2014-03-11 11:42:30
I apologize for my frustrated post, but if you are going to refute then please come up with some facts.
By Mandala's own admission they where hired by Mt. Gox before shit hit the fan they played nice weather sunny sky too just like Mt. Gox.
The problem is that Mandala is owned by Michael Keferl he bought (Domain) and is heavily involved with Humint they are as tainted as they come my friend.
You see here's what's happening: Michael Keferl serves the interests of Mt. Gox through Mandala and Michael Keferl serves the customers of Mt. Gox through Humint, everyone with more than half a brain can see this from a mile away and even my kid brother knows this is a conflict of interest.
But like I said before you can believe anything you want and draw your own conclusions I just hope for your sake they are based on facts not on your own assumptions and guesses.
I didn't lose any BTC or USD at Mt. Gox so honestly I don't really care from a personal POV what you want to make yourself believe, I do think it is despicable some people are now blatantly obvious trying to take advantage of the victims.
If they'd really care about you then they would've put their own money and BTC into making sure you all got repaid since most of them are are multi millionaires anyway and didn't lose anything.
Like an Erik Voorhees acting like some victim who is whining from his high horse he lost 550 BTC while he still has some 150K BTC left (really??? c'mon son), most of these so called BTC cult leaders knew exactly what was going on at Mt. Gox but only cared about lining their own pockets and serving their own interests and wealth, you will see evidence of that soon enough to.
Goodluck to you sir.
@_date: 2014-03-10 03:16:08
I don't know how it works at crypto currency exchanges but I trade in crypto currency ETF's and CFD's and in a way you do have the option to pick the price you want by writing calls and puts yourself it just has to hit that price before you can get in on the trade.
It is not rocket science to get a descent picture of price movements and tops and bottoms but it isn't exact science and it gets a little harder when the volatility is higher.
Also when you day trade you can just watch the price movements and you can buy in when you think the price is right. 
@_date: 2014-03-11 13:46:02
These are my last interactions with Adam B Levine from Humint, of course he didn't respond anymore after that because there is no way to refute the evidence anymore now;
[–]AdamBLevine 1 point 13 hours ago
I didn't realize you didn't know Michael was part of Humint, as I mentioned you can see all the members of the group (including him) on the humint.is webpage. He is on there. It's not a secret.
I was disputing your suggestion that Mandala owns Humint, which you then implied meant that somehow MtGox had something to do with Humint. You are wrong on all fronts. Michael is a member of the Humint group and also an owner of mandala I believe. He bought the humint DOMAIN because somebody had to.
Humint itself is not a company yet, so therefore it can't be owned by anybody. Even if it was a company, it would not be owned by Mandala because Michael is just one member of the group, not the owner or leader of it.
Aside from that, we're still figuring out our structure as we have members on six continents and no actual geographic base of operations.
I know it sucks to lose money, but you're attacking a guy who is trying to make the situation better and that's really unfortunate.
[–]n3h4l3m 1 point 12 hours ago
I think you have misunderstand me.
I DO know Michael is part of Humint, I also DO know Michael owns Mandala, I also DO know Mt. Gox has hired Mandala. So you see he is representing Mt. Gox through Mandala and the victims through Humint. It does not matter whether Humint is a company or not or whether Michael is leader of it or not or whether Mandala owns Humint or not. Fact remains that Michael is heavily involved in both and also happens to be hired by Mt. Gox before the shit storm started and it seems to me like a conflict of interest.
FYI I didn't lose any money or Bitcoin through Mt. Gox so no I am not a victim just an independent researcher who as a fellow human being has sympathy for the victims and their losses in this criminal case.
[–]n3h4l3m 1 point 2 hours ago
The sad truth Adam, is that Michael Keferl, Mandala and Humint are tainted. You can keep up the whole charade and act like there is no connection and that Mandala wasn't hired by Mt. Gox before shit hit the fan, honestly I don't really care, I appreciate you took time to respond you seem like a pretty descent guy but I can't say that about everyone.
[–]n3h4l3m 1 point 1 hour ago
Mandalah CEO Michael Keferl: "Our Tokyo team is working with MtGox to research, conceive, and implement the future of digital currency exchange, as well as building a host of applications and tools that work within a complete ecosystem." January 24, 2014, at 11:17am
Don't even get me started on this one...
@_date: 2014-03-10 23:57:14


Funny how you fail to mention Michael Keferl is also part of and heavily involved in humint.is he also happend to be hired by Mt. Gox.
@_date: 2014-03-11 16:37:53
If you want to talk about confirming bias.
Why someone directly associated to Humint and who also happens to be heavily involved in Mt. Gox even before it was public knowledge that they where bankrupt and now supposedly they want to help and represent the victims, is beyond me.
You didn't refute anything and it is telling, it seems like you are trying to avoid difficult questions and turn it around on me but let me tell you something buddy, this is about Mandala and its CEO's prior involvement in Mt. Gox and their involvement in Humint, they are under the microscope not me.
@_date: 2014-03-10 03:33:34
Like I said it is not rocket science to predict tops and bottoms depending on what trading vehicle you use...
@_date: 2014-03-11 03:03:54
MANDALAH, Global Conscious Innovation Consultancy.
For most of 2013, Mandalah Tokyo had the opportunity to work up-close and personal with an emerging class of technology that is changing global finance for the better. Mandalah led the strategy and design for  a bitcoin information portal that received tremendous reviews for its design and content. Bitcoin, the decentralized digital currency, made waves last year when the price rocketed from around $20 to over $1,200 in a matter of months and throughout this Mandalah's team worked directly with Tokyo-based bitcoin exchange MtGox, the largest in the world and the company responsible for enabling global trading of bitcoin. What began as a mandate to better facilitate internal and external communications quickly became a mission to not only improve MtGox's products and services, but promote Bitcoin to the world. 
As we enter 2014, Mandalah's fingerprints are on a lot of Bitcoin and digital currency projects. Our Tokyo team is working with MtGox to research, conceive, and implement the future of digital currency exchange, as well as building a host of applications and tools that work within a complete ecosystem. The goal is to make Bitcoin accessible to everyone with design that brings ease of use and legitimacy to a financial tool that is not yet understood well by the world, but is incredibly important. Additionally, our work on the Humint project ( is bringing Mandalah's spirit of Conscious Innovation to the creation of currencies for global brands, with the ultimate goal of bringing both purpose and profit the way companies reward loyalty of customers and stakeholders. Humint's launch has brought a strong interest from around the world, and we are currently working with clients to achieve these goals. 
While Mandalah recognized the world-changing possibilities of Bitcoin back in 2012, this revolution is just beginning. Mandalah Tokyo CEO Michael Keferl is also a co-founder of the Japan Bitcoin Association, a non-profit focused on education and evangelization of the technology within Japan. With a well-informed media, business sector, and public Bitcoin has incredible possibilities in the only country where using electronic money is already a fact of daily life for many.
@_date: 2014-03-10 22:07:28
I am your father Luke may the force be with you.
Lol at your gold chemistry comparison it's flawed. GL
@_date: 2014-03-10 12:51:08
I don't view crypto currency holdings as an investment myself I see it as pure speculation a bet, and like many said before I assume to lose it all at some point.
The wealth I can't afford to lose I put in hard assets solely.
@_date: 2014-03-08 20:12:31
Mt.Gox tried to remove digital traces by deleting their twitter feed among others, I believe they have been busy destroying digital evidence at the office also.
It is very suspicious they suddenly start moving large batches of BTC around after they have supposedly went broke.
This platform should not even be operational anymore as far as I know untill things are resolved/sorted out in a more satisfying manner.
That Mt.Gox is suddenly operational today and doing large transactions, I am surprised the Japanese don't treat this case like a criminal case also, their half assed actions against Mt.Gox are just facilitating these people at Mt.Gox in covering up their tracks and their theft and securing the loot.
@_date: 2014-03-11 00:48:31
I think you have misunderstand me.
I DO know Michael is part of Humint, I also DO know Michael owns Mandala, I also DO know Mt. Gox has hired Mandala.
So you see he is representing Mt. Gox through Mandala and the victims through Humint.
It does not matter whether Humint is a company or not or whether Michael is leader of it or not or whether Mandala owns Humint or not.
Fact remains that Michael is heavily involved in both and also happens to be hired by Mt. Gox before the shit storm started and it seems to me like a conflict of interest.
FYI I didn't lose any money or Bitcoin through Mt. Gox so no I am not a victim just an independent researcher who as a fellow human being has sympathy for the victims and their losses in this criminal case.
@_date: 2014-03-10 19:14:24
Thank you for your reply, have you ever considered using ETF's that track its price movements? It is easier to get in and out of.
@_date: 2014-03-10 12:38:45
Nothing is perfect I agree, but the boom cycle you have seen in BTC at the end of 2013 was mostly caused by bots trading BTC with each other to purposely deflate it.
Because it is such a small market it is grossly manipulated and easily cornered.
@_date: 2014-03-11 00:33:34
This is my conversation I had with Adam B Levine. 
It seems like he is beating around the bush with half answers, you can draw your own conclusions from it;
[–]AdamBLevine 0 points 6 days ago
The best part about this suggestion is we don't need to know what happened, all we need to do is figure out who is effected.
If you wanted to start an exchange based on a token like this, you would need to wait for gox to explain, if you want to buy their assets, you need to wait for gox to explain, but for a token that represents a claim on 1 bitcoin in the mtgox recovery it does not matter how gox lost the money or how much they lost, only that it is missing and people fear the worst.
This has nothing to do with the ongoing criminal investigation, it is a rescue for the people who have coins trapped in gox.
[–]n3h4l3m 1 point 1 day ago
We do need to know what happend and people need to be held accountable for their actions and violations something you and Michael Keferl seem to try and avoid at all cost. Mt.Gox and Mark Karpesel hired you and Humintis is connected directly to Mt. Gox something you forgot to tell all these people you're trying to play for a fool.
[–]AdamBLevine 1 point 1 day ago
I can't control what you believe, but I've been pretty clear in all my postings that I have no connection to MtGox and that my involvement here is not compensated at all. I think Goxcoin as I've proposed is a better solution that does not do anything to reduce, lessen or diminish any criminal activity that happened here.
I'm an open book and have been pulling the fire alarm on Gox since the first episodes of Let's Talk Bitcoin.
[–]n3h4l3m 1 point 1 day ago
Thank you for your response. Maybe if you study some MK-Ultra you could control what I believe. Humint is owned by Mandalah the firm hired by Mt. Gox. Humint seems to have a conflict of interest and they don't represent the interests of the customers but those of Mt. Gox.
[–]AdamBLevine 1 point 1 day ago
THE DOMAIN  was purchased by Michael, who owns Mandala. "Humint" itself is an informal group working on a bunch of innovative ecosystem-coin projects Goxcoin was a better way compared to the "turn it into stock and try to have a functional exchange" concept. You can see the full roster of involved individuals on 
You're saying "humint is owned by mandalah" but I'm telling you, we're still talking about how to even form the corporate vehicle and it certainly won't be owned by Mandalah. I am a primary participant in the Humint group. I am involved in the creation of all these coins AND the coin that will represent the ownership of humint, and you definitely have no idea what you're talking about.
[–]n3h4l3m 1 point 15 minutes ago
THE DOMAIN  was purchased by Michael, who owns Mandala
Funny how you fail to mention Michael Keferl is also part of and heavily involved in humint.is he also happend to be hired by Mt. Gox.
I want to point out this part of Adam B Levine's statement; 
"The best part about this suggestion is we don't need to know what happened"
So by following Adam B Levine's suggestion 
(who happens to be in Humint.is which happens to be owned by Michael Keferl who happens to own Mandalah which happens to be hired by Mt. Gox) 
according to Adam B Levine there won't be any need to find out what happend.. riiiite, I see, bet the customers are totally fine with that...
Like I said you can draw your own conclusions from it.
@_date: 2014-03-10 11:48:11
Thank you for your reply, with more traditional investment vehicles like ETF's that track its price movements you have the possibility to use trailing stop loss.
@_date: 2014-03-11 03:02:06
Feel free to try again Adam.
@_date: 2014-03-10 12:48:04
You're absolutely right I have misused the word fiat and I apologize if it caused any confusion.
Between money and currency I would categorize BTC as being a currency, but at this point in time it is just a mere speculative vehicle and I don't mean it bad it is just how I view it as being an investor myself.
It is not money, it could be used as a currency but it is mainly used as a speculative investment not to purchase items with although people purchase products with BTC also, the majority is speculating on it, me too I have to admit.
@_date: 2014-03-10 19:10:45
Whooptydoo ey buddy "Mt. Gox files for Chapter 15 in U.S."
I'm starting to sound like a brokenrecord.
@_date: 2014-03-09 04:12:51
Remember Mark had about 350k bitcoins himself? 
They are being moved as we speak.
At mtgox nobody farted unless Mark said so.
Remember remember...