@_author: -nacional-
@_date: 2017-01-31 03:47:13
Irrational expectations is irrational behavior. 
You have irrational expectations for the fed and their current scope of capabilities. 
 
You have irrational expectations for the effectiveness of extreme policies such as QE. 
You have irrational expectations for the continued strength of the US Dollar. - Replace 'US Dollar' with housing market, tech stocks, etc. for examples of past mania. 
You have irrational expectations for political continuity, even with Trump in office. 
You have a limited understanding of what constitutes a bubble. Not all bubbles form on the expectation of higher returns. Demand for safe heaven assets can create similar irrational behavior, and is the underlying cause for the current strength of the US Dollar even after 8 years of zero-bound interest rates. 
@_date: 2017-01-31 00:18:13
As you said in another post, bubbles require irrational behavior. You just listed off all the extreme, unprecedented measures taken by the fed since 08 as if that's to be expected and all will be fine. 
The true hallmark of a bubble is when people irrationally justify abnormal market actions, as you just demonstrated. 
@_date: 2017-01-31 18:08:56
According to investopedia, "A bubble is an economic cycle characterized by rapid escalation of asset prices followed by a contraction. It is created by a surge in asset prices unwarranted by the fundamentals of the asset and driven by exuberant market behavior. When no more investors are willing to buy at the elevated price, a massive selloff occurs, causing the bubble to deflate."
Investors aren't buying T-bills thinking of making quick profits, they're buying T-Bills with the expectation of a safe heaven because they, like you, don't recognize that fundamentals don't support the dollar's current value. The dollar is so often taken for granted, investors hardly ever consider the possibility that it's value isn't what they expect, thus herd mentality of irrational expectations. 
@_date: 2017-01-31 19:53:55
Well I tried. It's your funeral. 
@_date: 2017-01-30 23:43:59
Hyperinflation will come when the dollar is inevitably abandoned as a store of value, both in the short term and in the long(Bonds). 
There's literally no way the Fed can normalize rates without derailing the world economy, and they know this, which is why they're baby stepping every attempt to raise rates. 
All you really need to do is understand the history of interest rates in this country and their relationship to fostering bubble markets. Once you understand that, and recognize the insanity of the fed the last 20 years, you'll then come to the logical and inevitable conclusion that the dollar is on its death bed. 