@_author: nad49
@_date: 2017-03-27 14:34:52
Maybe i did read it too fast :-? I thought he suggested to be vigilant? Sometimes i scan texts way too fast. I will reread it now.
@_date: 2017-03-27 12:10:40
Great post. Thanks for sharing. (lol why the downvote :D )
@_date: 2017-03-25 13:47:03
Again, today it is china because they have free energy. But in the future could be anyone else. Any community, region or even planet in a hundred years will be made hostage of another region with better conditions for "mining", (or easier to take over). Either polar or desert or non resource rich area, will suffer from not having the mining conditions, creating patches in the economy based on "mining algorithm decisions" and converting those decisions in geopolitical issues of incredible importance (like today), strategic objtctive magnets for outsiders suffereing from deslocalization and lower possibilities.
I think we need a checkpoint based from a very long wave "unpredictable", "random" and with entropy enough that is so far out of reach that noone can modify, alter or deny, yet it is perfectly measurable by anyone. Maybe solar radiation levels, or cosmic background radiation, a pulsar signal or whatever. 
If the mining can be localized (even at stake holders level, although that is another perspective), the simple existance of a possibility to "rig" the game will create constant fights, unstability. When we are playing a board game, we all agree on a set of unmodifiable rules. If we allowed the game rules to be inside of the game itself then the game would change dramatically (as we see constantly in our world). 
This erodes the player resources, all our limited resources (earth) and dismantles the possibility to even create some very reasonable rules that 95% of us would accept but will be challenged by some "extreme" participants every 50 years.
Having a very long wave random signal, as a hash + checkpoint every X weeks, and having other methods for lower timeframes (like maintaining actual minebase), could bring a sense of security, remove bad actors, and remove localization of mining and the most important, remove the fight for the localized mining areas.
It needs to be something that cannot be captured, altered or even argued about. I think we haven't had yet any 2+2=4 questioning wars. There is nothing to argue about that.
We see Europe questioning lately about proof of work  that is energy intensive. How kind ! ... But wait, China does not ... How strange ??. (Maybe one lacks what the other has in abundance?? If the resources were in Congo, they would not complain, they would just send some "people" there.) It is going to be like that always. The rules of the game have to be placed out of the board (2+2, gravity law, etc) and the game will be more fair, enjoyable, stable for every participant and if the game theory rules are well defined, we might even enjoy a synergistic gameplay that benefits everyone and saves huge resources for the planet. 
@_date: 2017-03-25 20:17:12
Was not my intention to provide an alternative to a system functioning succesfully for many years and at the same time find a solution to every possible attack vector it would have to overcome.
Why are we even talking about this, when in the past years nobody even wondered about alternatives or were discarded instantly? 
Because for the past weeks we do seem to have a probem. It seems the greed as incentive for miners, economy participants and users is not enough. There might be some external people with enough resources to not care about mining incentives attacking the network. And another problem is centralization of mining right now. It could bring some geopolitical inequilibriums making entire continents to reject it (because too much power consumption "reasons" or maybe they simply won't be able to compete, they might prefer their own or they might not find the actual implementation mining-neutral and simply discard it).
Also I don't think bitcoin actual POW is going to be the last POW algorithm (not even for bitcoin) we will see in our lives and probably is a new branch of computing and game theory that has just been born and will see many combinations. If you search google scholar there are dozens of slight variant alternatives to POW with their good and bad points. There has never been until now  the need to read them with great detail because bitcoin was working fine (it still is). Probably there has been many small and not so small tweaks by our developers and there will be many more so Bitcoin POW might be an "evolving" creature.
In fact i think it would be very useful to keep actual miner base as it is indeed useful. It is bitcoin economy, with bitcoin engineers, participants, aficionados, billions on hardware. It is already working and it solves many problems, but seems today that NOT ALL and we have to defend ourselves against incredibly powerful entities. How? Maybe the solutions is in math, in a subtle idea the armors the actual miner base. A Math protection that even if the devil himself is mining for us, we are safe (because math, not because math+coercible_miners). Maybe it is us through code who have to help the miners, making it so that even if they are seized, gagged etc, they cannot be used against Bitcon and as such removing the actual "strategic objective bulls-eye" to control from their forehead. Maybe we need a 100 btc reward to math/crypto experts just to bring that real math based security addition without disrupting actual POW.
Regarding the particularity of the checkpoints? Would they even be interesting to secure against past forgery in case of a quantum, 51% or any other attack? I don't know.
I was just suggesting a point of view on how interesting would be to make it as uncoercible as a 2+2=4 or an external signal, even if many security process need to still be done by actual mining. An objective, an idea to maybe look forward, not an implementation with all the coding, betatesting already done to be shared in this post by myself solving the world problems. 
This was a general thought trying to show that IF a system is in fact unattackable (like real math, or a star, an atom decay, or whatever), it won't be attacked (not like now, that is based on math but depending on things at hand -&gt; miners under specific jurisdictions). 
Dismiss as appropiate obviously.
PD: And just for fun, and obviously not possible but can you imagine how funny would be to reward / centralize mining based on human development index in specific countries and "governments" actually caring to do things right after being included in satoshi "participants greedy incentive game theory" :-) No way /jk
@_date: 2017-03-25 19:18:18
Can we all observe the same decaying atom? Would the same atom in different locations decay exactly the same? Or would be needed something external like a pulsar frequency or a  long radio wave changing every X times?
I was thinking more about hash of blockchain checkpoint + number of block + value from external signal noone is been able to predict (totally random but observable anywhere and known bye everyone after it has happened).