@_author: nadie0
@_date: 2018-04-11 20:52:49
I never used facebook, after 40 years computing it was evident privacy was important and i have seen the evolution from zero importance to today. But they sure have info about me, face photos with family, ads, cookies, etc without my consent, but hey who cares about rights after all, they are boring !!
Off the record and only for you: I have heard that when Ronaldo is going to kick the ball, he has to place his ass pimple in a way similar to when he is in the toilet for maximized scoring efficiency.  Don't miss it, they are going to release a documentary soon.
But hey, stupidity and misinformation seem the right way for sanity because we are losing the battle. Just wait a month to see this forgotten and rearranged in other way. Just joking, love random whoever you are. 
@_date: 2018-04-11 15:29:33
It is fine. I have many friends whose major problem is if Ronaldo (soccer player) has a pimple in his ass or not. 
@_date: 2018-04-10 21:44:27
An Ethic Professor from Eindhoven University of Engineering said that engineering = social engineering in the sense that many engineering developments are reshaping the world and our way of thinking, and as such many conform our social norms and then end as laws.
The first engineering ethic value is that it should improve our world. Which were the incentives of this man?. Which was his long term trend?.
The break things policy is behind improving society. Was he really improving society? 
Long ago there was a crime called magnicide or regicide, not sure. Maybe we should create one named "Democriticide": 
+ Centralizing too much press discouraging political discourse. 
+ Trying to create narratives on millions alienating inalienable human rights trying to maximize some benefit for hidden players because they are brought to the world through societies or associations of obscure origin.
+ Not fighting against Torquemada Inquisition like non argumentation narratives that we all know how they have ended in the past.
Shouldn't we try to protect the "data in" we get as society so we get the best "data out" conclusions, reducing the information arbitrage and divergences that lead us to confrontations and resource waste and misallocation?. Wouldn't improve our adaptability, reduce our resource waste, bring faster and better conclusions, using some system that effectively reduces the message transfer noise between us. 
Difficult issue, how to verify datasource validity without discouraging or censoring the full spectre testing all possible ideas from anyone. Only accepting some specific truth would be antidemocratic, inhuman, would disallow whistleblowing necessary in some specific circumstances. It would prevent social advance aswell as it would have if racial, religious ideas had not been allowed to flourish to a minimum degree in the past.
Maybe the answer is not in "truth" from centralized players that aso defect many times from the common good and being in high power positions never get found and end in cronyism. 
Hopefully we can bring some crypto based truth to this world of deep fake and everything fake where noone can believe anything as meatworld will increasingly mix with dataworld. 
Maybe Data purity certification/standarization from source to destination using hashed and linked metatags with the data itself? 
But i think for this specific facebook case the machinery already is reshaping this issue to "fix" some things and the social approach ball is going to fall, as it would normally do if you threw a million balls in the inequality socially structural slope way.