@_author: nadrojiskool
@_date: 2019-03-26 23:02:02
I agree and made a similar comment below. You can already get the PayPal Mastercard which offers 2% on everything (you don't even need to use PayPal) and it's been like that for years. Considering the Apple Card is also using Mastercard as their payment processor, I see no reason why they would lower this rate in the future. 
Also think about this; you can get a Discover It card and then wait for the quarter that has Retail as the category and buy Apple products with 5% cash back. You could also just buy Apple products at Target with the REDcard for a 5% discount, any time you want. USBank also has a card that lets you pick a permanent 5% category.
Me and my buddies have been laughing all day about how Apple is marketing this like they're reinventing the credit card, when they are literally doing the same exact thing that every other retailer has already done, except worse. Seriously, watch the trailer on YouTube -- it's hilarious, at least IMO.
@_date: 2019-03-26 22:51:20
It seems my point was missed -- everything depends on how you want to shop. This card is *only* good for people who don't mind being shoe-horned into paying with Apple Pay at any chance you get, or people who were already paying retail price for Apple products, without earning any cash back.
And *even* _then_ you can find better alternatives which will offer you equivalent cash back all the time with less hoops to jump through, or simply earn more cash back by rotating your cards based on where or when you shop.
I'm not trying to tell people what to do, shop however the heck you like. The problem is, that no matter how you shop, this Apple Card isn't going to be the best at *_anything_* (except making you feel classy -- I'll admit, that titanium card is super sexy).
@_date: 2019-03-26 17:55:16
"Get 2% back every time you buy something using Apple Pay. That’s in every category, with no limits. Imagine all the things you use a credit card for every day — at Target, Walgreens, Lyft. You’ll get 2% back on just about everything."
Note, Target offers their REDcard which gives 5% off at Target. Every retailer and their mother has their own line of credit, and they're nearly all better than this. Only Apple can do something like this and act like they're the hottest thing on the block.
The PayPal Mastercard offers 2% back on EVERY purchase with the added bonus of not having to use Apple Pay (or PayPal). You're stuck with a credit card that has a number on it though, so there's that. It's also not made from titanium -- just plastic (ouch).
Maybe IF you're an Apple fanatic this might be your go-to card, but even then, there are more convenient alternatives (and certainly many better options for rewards depending on how you shop).
@_date: 2018-11-24 00:45:52
Also sorry about editing, I try to clean up my posts a bit so your quote of my post got changed a bit before I saw yours. I've been trying to be better about keeping them less combative because some people really don't like that, lol, and my goal is just have a discussion (not an argument or anything).
I was only ever trying to make the point that, IMO, this dip is far from, "normal capitulation."
@_date: 2018-11-23 07:59:59
It's actually a lot deeper than that, unfortunately, and the hash war happening with BCH has serious implications. Most importantly, that Dr. Craig Wright, whom is the primary force behind BCH SV (Satoshi's Vision), claims to be Satoshi Nakamoto while also going on regular tirades on Twitter and attacks against the Crypto market as the whole.
Quotes from Dr. Wright;
"Sorry, I have no intention to fuck with the XRP community. Just to remove all of the sham security frauds (XRP is included).
As for the people trading XRP, I could not give a toss about you."
"To all BTC miners...
If you switch to mine BCH, we may need to fund this with BTC, if we do, we sell for USD and, well... we think BTC market has no room... it tanks.
Think about it. We will sell A Lot!
Consider that.... And, have a nice day
(BTC to 1000 does not phase me)"
"Death or victory.
Bitcoin is freedom
ABC will never corrupt bitcoin"
There is real danger in this war, because if Dr Wright were to win the hash war and BCH SV emerge as the longer, accepted chain for BCH, he potentially has the power to kill the BCH ABC chain -- which might be the point of the first great, "hash war." He also claims that BCH and BTC can already scale, and I believe that is part of his reason for trying to interject at this point.
Furthermore, Dr. Wright is pushing against the fork at this time so that the chain can retain it's ability to eventually challenge BTC to be the true, "Bitcoin." This part is my $.02, but despite however unlikely that is to happen, that could essentially destroy the wealth of anybody who purchased Bitcoin after the first BCH fork as the second great hash war comes to and end and the original chain gets retired.
And yet, that isn't even the end of it. Dr. Wright also claims that he will directly attack the BCH network via concentrated guerrilla hash attacks to essentially make the BCH network highly unstable for up to a year, or more, should he lost the hash war. Link: 
While all of that has serious implications for the future of this market, it doesn't guarantee that this is what has affected the price, and in fact, there's more than just speculation to the effect of this hash war on the market. In fact, expenses of the BCH hash war are the most likely culprit for this major effect on the price.
Right now we have loads of miners that have been pulled onto two different BCH chains, only one of which will likely remain, and most of these are miners from BTC. First of all, this implies a difficulty drop in the BTC network, causing remaining miners to earn more BTC per hash, and increasing selling pressure on the market as they sell to cover expenses for mining.
But more importantly, there is a massive amount of hash being wasted on two chains nobody wants, so the pools will convert this worthless BCH into BTC, causing even further selling pressure as the major players in BTC burn through their financial reserves to fund the hash war. The only hope of the market recovering this lost wealth is IF BCH ABC successfully defends the forked chain and is able to hold the BCH and recover the value down the line.
Bitmain has also pledged to support BCH ABC, and are rumored to have machines on standby, if they don't already have any online. Dr. Wright has claimed he has no intentions of letting up in this war and who knows with the support he gathered what his reserves look like.
This is all already on top of the low volume consolidation period BTC was going through, so large selling pressure would have a heavy effect and after breaking a major support level, many are finally through with the stress and there's blood in the streets just about everywhere you look.
Can't dig up this source again, but it was also predicted preemptively by those involved that the selling pressure of the hash war, should there be one, would cause BTC to break it's long-term support and drop under $5k.
Forgive me if I forgot anything, but I think I just about scratched the surface of it.
@_date: 2018-11-20 03:34:25
The only thing I regret is not selling my BCH last winter.
@_date: 2018-11-23 23:07:37
I was only trying to state a fact about the likely origin of some coins being sold into the market that have caused the drop we've seen. I couldn't care less about what everybody claims, I tried to reference those points to show that if this has had an affect on the price, then that affect will continue because the event is still transpiring.
We were already in a low volume consolidation period, and now at least one of these BCH forks is going to have to be funded by Bitcoin reserves which are getting sold at market to fund BCH hash and both sides have also essentially confirmed this. Several major pools redirected hash from BTC to BCH and it's far from an insignificant amount of hash, most if not all of which the miners are still expecting to be paid out in BTC, and not BCH. I also don't care about how dumb either party may or may not be, but they certainly decided to turn this into a whole event instead of just a simple fork.
Plus, now we have a lot of events that may have serious implications on the price of BTC. We have an active chain which is in direct competition with BTC and is even claiming to eventually replace it. Not BCH, BCH SV. It also proves that this war is something that could also happen to BTC, which would have a major affect on the price, should that transpire. 
I don't know how many people here consider themselves, "investors," but despite the fact that I very rarely go out of my way to chime in on social media, I'm going out of my way to try and make sure that this information is available, since the main temporal factors in the price seem fairly clear. 
It's all speculation of course, but it just seems such a shame to me that with such a major event transpiring, it's getting shuffled under the rug. Anybody who values their ability to do a due diligence should be on top of this, instead of just walking out the other end completely oblivious to the economics and saying, "It was a nice ride," before brushing off the dirt and getting back on the bus.
@_date: 2018-11-23 22:12:50
We're amidst a battle between a man claiming to be Satoshi himself and two other major players in the Bitcoin market (Roger Ver and Bitmain). On top of that, the goal of this fork is to retain compatibility with the main BTC chain so that Dr. Wright can challenge it to be the, "real Bitcoin."
The expenses of the hash war over BCH is forcing these major players to spend Bitcoin reserves so that they can pay miners in BTC to mine each BCH fork. Dr. Wright has claimed that he has no intention of stopping his war against the chain and will proceed to launch guerrilla attacks against BCH which would could make the chain unstable for a year or more. He has also said that, "BTC at 1000 does not phase me."
Furthermore, players on the other side of the war also claimed before the fork, that if there ends up being a hash war and they have to mobilize machines/funds to fight against the attacker chain, that BTC will drop below it's long term support at $5k.
These hardly seem like normal market fluctuations when the biggest players in the field have said specifically that this hash war is going to cause the price of BTC to crash, and another is claiming that that's his goal. That said, it's all mostly speculation and there has certainly been a lot of panic selling regardless of all that.
@_date: 2018-11-24 00:39:13
No, I mean gaining control of the original BTC chain, invalidating all transactions and killing the existing BTC chain.
"Part 2 — How to kill a chain using hash power?
Let’s go back to the hash war. For most people, the hash war is the killer weapon that has never been deployed, therefore a lot of articles and predictions are erroneous. BTC.TOP is the only one that had experience in participating in a hash war of scale and any article that diverges from the discussion from this article (including views from CSW) are likely to be wrong.
We all know the 51% attack:
1. Attacker use more hashrate, mine blocks on the ‘attacker chain’ which is longer than the original chain
2. The ‘attacker chain’ will then be broadcasted to the entire network and the nodes will follow the rules: adopt the longer ‘attacker chain’ and abandon the original chain
The figure below shows how the ‘’attacker chain’’ will be accepted by the nodes as the main chain.
PS: to be accurate, the ‘longer’ chain here means the chain that has more ‘accumulated difficulty’, for example, a node would accept 2 blocks that have a difficulty of 10 and abandon 3 blocks that have a difficulty of 5 as 10+10=20&gt;15=5+5+5. For convenient explanations, the rest would assume the the difficulty level is the same for every block.
Through a 51% attack, it can achieve all sorts of goals, for example:
When Tx1 (transaction 1) is confirmed, cancel Tx1, validate a conflicted Tx2 (transaction 2). 
For instance when Alice use Tx1 to send 1 BTC to Bob and in exchange gets 100 LTC from Bob. When Alice received the 100 LTC from Bob, she can use a Tx2 where you used to send 1 BTC to herself, switch it with Tx1 and retrieve back the 1 BTC sent to Bob.
Using the blocks that mine by yourself (red blocks) to orphan the blocks mine by other miners (blue blocks), it would result in other miners to lose their mining rewards.
On top of the 51% attack, one can start “51% empty block attack”: the attacker would only mine the empty blocks (not including any transactions), refusing (orphaning) all the normal blocks mined by other miners to make the chain malfunctioning and no one could trade on this chain anymore.
Moreover, due to the orphaning of the blocks, the miners will stop mining for getting no rewards. Eventually, the chain will die." 
@_date: 2018-11-24 00:04:35
If the two warring sides in the Confederate army were a large part in the eventual outcome of the war, that seems historically significant to not be forgotten or left out of the history books. Potential investors in the outcome of the war would also likely be looking at all contributing factors before deeper investment into the Union.
Was the goal of the BCH fork ever to invalidate and replace the BTC chain? As far as I know, these are completely different things. Sorting out protocol changes through a fork is nothing new, but if BCH SV became the longest recognized BTC chain, then a year of transactions on the existing BTC ledger would become worthless. 
Also, I seriously don't understand what you think is paying for the hash in the BCH war, if you're really trying to claim, "the boy who cried wolf." Unless you think they're paying for the hash in fiat, lol. 
You've made this more about BCH than I have, but in all seriousness, I think that's perfectly fine. :)
@_date: 2018-11-21 00:41:42
The Hindenburg crashed into an oil rig? Seems accurate.
@_date: 2018-11-24 01:10:59
You got me with that one. That's fine, I'll just let this be. I understand perfectly well how ridiculously unlikely this would be, I never said it was likely. Which is why it wasn't in my first comment, which I tried to keep pertinent. It still seems far from normal capitulation to me.
@_date: 2018-12-28 05:03:04
Seconded, my buddy has been getting along great with his CDL, awesome recommendation.
@_date: 2018-12-29 18:45:43
The inflation of BTC is only _one_ of the *large* number of factors influencing the price. Rehypothecation alone potentially nullifies this entire post. 
@_date: 2019-05-22 14:26:13
"A few days ago he crossed the line by filing a copyright for the bitcoin whitepaper, ***considered sacred for many***,"
Oh my...
@_date: 2018-12-27 19:49:06
I know that you've likely already exhausted all your resources available to you to try and fix the problem, but have you considered just filing for Bankruptcy or negotiated with the institution in that context? 
If you haven't already, I'd consider trying to get consultation from a professional in finances. I'd also look into seeing if there's a way you could offshore the debt to a personal company and file for bankruptcy that way to minimize personal impact, if possible.
Companies (and some individuals) go in and out of BK like its nothing, so it's an absolute tragedy that there are people out there stuck like this. Also, it's even more baffling that student loans may even remain past BK, if you don't go through the process correctly. 
"The first downside to filing for bankruptcy is that despite helping you out of debt, it will not eliminate all your debts. The following are some of the debts that will remain after filing for bankruptcy:
Your most recent back taxes
Most student loans
Alimony and child support
Fines owed to government agencies
In addition, although you do get to keep your exempt property when filing for Chapter 7, you do lose your non-exempt property. Depending on your financial circumstances, this could include your house, cars, cash, stocks, and bonds.
Filing for bankruptcy also leaves a stain on your credit history for 10 years. It may be significantly more difficult to secure a loan in the future. Even if you do secure a loan or a credit card, you will more than likely have a significantly higher interest rate attached to it.
Finally, filing bankruptcy is not cheap. With filing fees, bankruptcy trustees fees, credit counseling fees, and attorney fees, the cost of bankruptcy can really add up.
If you have further questions about the pros and cons of filing bankruptcy, you should contact a knowledgeable bankruptcy attorney and set up a consultation."
There is also debt forgiveness, which I'm sure would be very difficult to acquire.
This nonsense is absolutely absurd, but I hope in 10 years all will be great in your life and I wish you the best.
@_date: 2018-12-26 19:21:13
IKR, last year I paid $30 and only got a branch off of a Christmas tree and it looked like it was straight out of A Charlie Brown Christmas. This year I paid the same amount, and was able to get the whole tree, but no longer have a house to put it in!
@_date: 2018-12-28 05:00:13
It sucks to hear that, student debt is now of the largest and fastest growing forms of debt and it's absurd that it's the *only* thing anywhere near that scale on the list of bankruptcy exclusions. I seriously hope for everyone's benefit (yours, especially) that this debt crisis gets addressed as it becomes more and more apparent that this is a serious problem that should be taken seriously.
There are so many programs that have come along to help people get these loans at ridiculously inflated prices to go to school, but how are these same institutions then also able to benefit from the lack of loan forgiveness and bankruptcy? It's like they get to have their cake and eat it too. 
I was looking into any charitable organizations or programs that might be able to help in this case, but came up pretty limited even though I know at least *some* programs exist. It also may feel dirty, but if you package it up well, the local news may run a piece to spread awareness or you may be able to do Crowd Funding or things like that.. though that may a bit more difficult while being in Germany. No matter what, more people should be aware to avoid this problem and help future students avoid the problem. 
If the debt ever becomes the driving factor in your life, there may also be options if you were to seek.. a career change. There are many different programs between companies, governments and charities and there may just be something that can help you start decreasing the value of that loan. And if all else fails, you may end up making your self eligible for some of the options you weren't eligible for before.. the difficult transition.
Haven't read through it yet, but here's a pretty comprehensive article: 
"John R. Justice Student Loan Repayment Program: This program is designed for public defenders and state prosecutors. You can get up to $10,000 per year ($60,000 in total) toward your law school loans if you agree to three to six years of service.
You can apply through your state. 
Department of Justice Attorney Student Loan Repayment Program: This program provides about $6,000 per year, up to $60,000 in total, for attorneys who work in the Department of Justice and have federal student loan debt totaling least $10,000.
Herbert S. Garten Loan Repayment Assistance Program: This one operates on a lottery system, offering as much as $5,600 in grants to attorneys with at least $75,000 in student debt. You have to work with one of the organization’s grantees to qualify.
Many law schools offer loan forgiveness for graduates who work in the public sector, and there are numerous state-based programs for public-service lawyers as well. Check out the American Bar Association website for a more complete list of resources."
It really sucks and I sincerely hope that you're able to take back your future. I'm going to leave you with one more thing and wish you good luck!
"There's over a trillion dollars of student debt in the US. No charity or group of charities is capable of paying that off. Some of the student debtors will have gotten degrees in fields that have well paying jobs and will pay their debt off in a few years or in ten years. Some will find someone to help them pay it off.
To the rest, I say you were scammed. You were just out of high school and didn't know anything about life. You were given a low interest loan with no collateral and no due diligence on the part of the lender to give them any assurance that you would ever be in a position to pay it off. On top of that, student loans can't be discharged in bankruptcy — you are saddled with it for life. If there's any chance you think you can make a new life in some other part of the world outside the US and can figure out how to get there, I would consider skipping town permanently (and farther away than just outside of town)." -David Perich (Quora)
@_date: 2018-12-18 18:30:43
In contrast, I've spent a lot of time thinking about how cool it would be to have enough wealth to try and infuse that into a small community/city somewhere. Build out infrastructure and provide extremely cost-efficient community housing options and train all employees locally to sustain a multi-decade plan to renovate the region.
There are some problems so embedded into the last century forms of democracy, that we need to have a completely new approach to democracy based around the modern technological age. 
I love the idea of having enormous influence in a micro-economy that could serve as the testing bed on how to implement a proper democracy in our current era that can adapt to more quickly changing times/technology.
This may already be happening in some places, but the fact is that you could completely reform entire regions with very little investment, as long as you're able to perfect a long-term model to create economic growth from. 
I just can't help but look at the massive amount of change that needs to happen in established democracies to become more quickly changing and directly aligned with their citizens and how long it will take to get there. That's my paradise, I guess, lol.
@_date: 2018-12-27 18:47:47
I agree that a crowd-funding platform based on sound money and pushed by the, "intellectual dark web," (such a stupid name) would be an interesting development. 
If you ask me, the reality says that this audience is perfect for adoption because it is fundamentally a group of people that are willing to learn, adapt and be self-aware, unlike many here. 
@_date: 2018-12-27 19:18:45
To each their own, but I would favor calling it criminal. I don't doubt part of the inflation in tuition costs is due to unfair internal influence due to the fact that the traditional educational system is somewhat monopolistic. 
Saying that it's a choice isn't much a defense, when your only choice is who you want to pay the premium too. Criminal action, IMO, would be defined as actions that contribute to unfair/lopsided advantages in the economy/marketplace, the type that should be kept in check.
@_date: 2018-12-27 18:27:26
Right? Divide the community first, it can grow later. Bitcoin would never see mass adoption if it required education first, lol, which is why many developers are addressing that issue.