@_author: naeblisecho
@_date: 2014-03-07 05:28:43
Hey OP, can you please describe how you went on to create this artwork? Thanks. 
@_date: 2014-02-07 11:09:53
Rest of your post aside, this bugged me:


It might look like it works, but people like this do not do it the right way and have no attention for detail. When they see a problem they create a workaround and retry instead of fixing the root cause. (Also this method allows them to deliver software faster than competitors who do it correctly.)
So people who use PHP have no eye for detail and should not be allowed to touch financial software? Did I read that right? Way to generalize dude. So according to you, people who like to iterate fast over their code only believe in workarounds and never fix the "root cause" of any problem. 
(No, I'm not a PHP programmer)


Oh, you mean someone wrote a software that had bugs in it? Wow, never heard of that. Tell me, are you making this statement (calling them a moron) based on any actual evidence? Have you seen the code they have written? Can you improve it yourself? Is it such a simple thing that anyone who makes mistakes is a moron?
What you seem to be ignoring is the fact that no software is bug-free. Of course it would have had bugs. Isn't that what they teach us in Software Engineering classes? Writing that shit is *hard*.
Now of course, you'll come out and say that while all of the above maybe true but they should still have taken reasonable precaution and done their due diligence since they are in the business of financial transactions. There are no excuses for writing code that might cost someone their money. I would agree with you on that to a certain extend, but the fact of the matter is regardless of the purpose of the software, there will always be problems. Humans make mistakes.
Writing buggy code is hardly grounds for calling someone an asshole.


Yeah no. I like companies who disclose that information, but it is by no means a necessity. Why the fuck should they tell you what precise security measures they've taken. Security by obscurity might not work, but it doesn't mean disclosing everything should be mandatory.
@_date: 2014-02-07 13:59:11


Could you point me to some please? Not saying this for the sake of argument, but I'm genuinely curious. Only one I've heard of is Buttercoin.
@_date: 2014-02-07 11:46:28


That debate has been going on for the past 30+ years. The *right tool* for you might not be right for someone else.


Unless it's something that diverges from the standard approaches by far, it is still subjective - just like the tools. 


They're that bad huh? 


Nope, still doesn't make them assholes. You don't know what their circumstances are. Are they sitting in their offices laughing at the problems that have been filed and saying "LOL, I'm not gonna fix that!" ? They could have some very legitimate reasons for not doing something you want. You are just jumping to conclusions that they must all be greedy assholes it.
@_date: 2014-05-10 05:17:42
Just like cable subscription yes?
This is the most retarded fucking this I've ever read on the Internet.