@_author: nairbv
@_date: 2018-01-07 04:09:44
Gravity suddenly disappearing doesn't have any theoretical basis, so that's a pretty horrible analogy.
The fact that no one you or I know of happen to be actively working on LN for BCH at this particular moment doesn't mean it's "not a real possibility." If someone just goes ahead and writes the code it will exist.
@_date: 2018-01-08 01:12:02
Neither even need LN, which is why the Bitcoin Cash folks are not focused on it.  That's the whole point.  The bitcoin core people have been focused on the wrong problems all along.
@_date: 2018-01-07 17:56:56
Writing some code is a _bit_ easier than obliterating a law of physics. Don't be ridiculous.
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:20:54
Wouldn't you rather have them work on getting you your BCH, even if just so you can dump it?  Far more economic impact to users.
@_date: 2017-12-20 13:17:32
nothing any of you are saying is actually true though... besides the you "don't like roger" part.
@_date: 2017-12-15 05:34:29
...Or users will move to other crypto currencies?  Or users will stop trying to move coins to/from exchanges?  Or coinbase can offer cheaper TX's that batch total value being settled between them and other exchanges/services like bitpay/gemini/etc?
Coinbase is a business.  They should continue to focus on developing what makes their business work, not focus on developing whatever pie in the sky solutions you mistakenly think are best for the broader ecosystem.  
Even if you were right (you're not), attacks from people like you since even before NYA don't make you seem like someone they have a hope of satisfying anyway.  If they can't get a happy customer out of you, no matter what they do, then why not listen to the tens of millions of happy customers who just want to be able to sell BCH on their platform and can easily be made even happier?
@_date: 2017-12-15 03:06:00
The attitude they're getting from core supporters doesn't make it seem like they're even welcome. Why give money to someone who's already attacking you? 
@_date: 2017-12-22 05:08:15
They never "lied."  They never explicitly said they wouldn't support it, they had just only committed to allowing withdrawals and hadn't yet committed to allowing buying/selling. They did say alts were coming. 
They also gave public indications that they were likely to support it eventually (e.g. on CNBC discussing their asset framework). It also seems like an obvious move after the failure of segwit2x. BCH was always the hedge against 2x failure.
You're also confused about what "market manipulation" means.  No, that's not what market manipulation means. "Market manipulation is a deliberate attempt to interfere with the free and fair operation of the market and create artificial, false or misleading appearances with respect to the price of, or market for, a product, security, commodity or currency."
From a legal perspective, they have an obligation to disseminate material/market-moving non-public information fairly and broadly at one time. There are many possible ways to do this and they can choose when to do this and still be in compliance with the law. What you're describing is an issue related to "insider trading" not so much "market manipulation."
From a business perspective, by making the announcement *after* they actually have the ability to trade on their site, they prevent users from fleeing their service to trade on other exchanges.  If they had made an announcement a week ago, BCH trading activity (and fee revenue) would have skyrocketed on competing exchanges, and activity might have settled down by the time they made it available on their own exchange. Trying to avoid that scenario is competitive, but it's not in itself price/market manipulation nor insider trading. Coinbase as a business doesn't actually care much what the price of any asset is, their revenue depends primarily on trading activity.
People on the inside (employees) were prohibited from "adjusting their positions" in personal accounts and will be fired (and criminal charges possibly pressed) if it's determined that any of them violated that restriction. That would be a violation of insider trading rules. It's quite possible that some of these people, who likely don't have nearly as much compliance training as employees in traditional asset markets, did leak or at least hint at this information with friends (or traded on it themselves). That is a problem, and maybe coinbase could have better trained employees or considered this in their planning, but coinbase itself doesn't profit from this impact on price. It seems highly unlikely that coinbase the company is speculating on these assets and manipulating *price* to its benefit. They likely did all they could to prevent this from happening, and "all they could" just wasn't enough. That's not malicious in the way you people seem to think it is.
*IF* they are actually speculating on price internally, buying and/or holding BCH before making the announcement, that doesn't change the impact on price when making the announcement.  They could have announced a week ago and still made out on speculative illegal insider trading activity. The obvious explanation/motive for them choosing to announce at launch time is to capture the actual business activity created by them launching, not to try to speculate on the price impact of their announcement or help their employees break the law.
@_date: 2017-12-15 01:53:33
You mean because more people are signing up recently?  So what, they're still potential buyers of BCH.
@_date: 2017-12-16 10:49:31
You fit more economic use in larger transactions.  e.g. we'll probably see some capacity improvement from coinjoin, which would have larger transactions, though even that may come faster to BCH than BTC.
@_date: 2017-12-15 02:03:45
more like 4 until segwit is widespread.
@_date: 2017-12-15 05:08:01
did I claim you could?  I'd like to see them work on that.  I'd much rather them enable BCH trading or make their infrastructure more stable than to simply take slightly less weight in blocks.  It would make more business sense to do these things that impact revenue than to keep worrying about your block space.
@_date: 2017-12-31 13:16:40
There is certainly not a consensus among experts that a small block size increase would lead to miner centralization, unless you have a very very narrow definition of who you deem an "expert."
@_date: 2017-12-31 13:11:40
LN can be done in BCH without segwit. 
I think the BCH people would reject segwit, so the implementation would need to be different, and would require some work on their part. If they weren't opposed to Segwit, they would have forked at the time of 2x instead of forking pre-segwit.
I don't know if they are or aren't actually up to the task of implementing LN on BCH. Time will tell.
@_date: 2017-12-15 05:10:25
You make my point perfectly... and the users they're cheer-leading for are their actual numerous customers, not you vocal obnoxious trolls trying to boycott them over perceived slights.
LN does nothing for the issues they face.  I don't think LN will even help bitpay, but coinbase certainly isn't bitpay.
@_date: 2017-12-31 18:47:12
Don't reply to comments you haven't read.
@_date: 2017-12-16 10:47:05
They are going to allow withdrawal of BCH on January 1st regardless.  I was referring to getting us full support for BCH. If they have spare development resources, that would be far higher priority than implementation of segwit.
@_date: 2017-12-16 11:04:40
Sorry but I don't know who you are or why your comment is relevant.  Context? Are you a coinbase employee?
@_date: 2017-12-17 20:04:36
Put yourself in Coinbase's shoes for a minute.
Look at all the public shaming going on when a developer disliked by core makes any mistake, and think about how they could twist whatever they have your developer do.
My initial comment, since you still seem to be missing it, "The attitude they're getting from core supporters doesn't make it seem like they're even welcome. Why give money to someone who's already attacking you?"
In context, I'm not saying free money isn't welcome, I'm saying coinbase isn't welcome and that contributing to someone who's attacking you is far more risk than it's worth.
@_date: 2017-12-16 11:02:04
Right, Segwit will increase capacity a little bit, but BTC will always have high fees.  Even if 2x and later a 4x had gone through, with coinjoin and MAST, with LN, bitcoin will continue to have high fees.  It's not really a solvable problem without major architectural changes or massive blocks there's no appetite for.  Ripple or Eth could probably sustain low fees since they're willing to run with more node centralization (in exchange for less exchange centralization).
This doesn't hurt coinbase at all.  People will still trade BTC even if just to speculate, and will simply leave their coins on coinbase.  Exchanges can even start charging for custody (and coinbase already is for institutional capital).  BTC isn't the behemoth, coinbase is the behemoth.  If you want to actually pay for things using BTC, coinbase will set up a payment channel with Bitpay and coinbase/bitpay will settle your BTC transaction.  Individual users with small amounts of money will not be able to hold BTC long-term, unless BTC fails, because the capacity for widespread adoption just plain doesn't exist.
This is also great for governments who want to track money.  If BTC continues to succeed the vast majority of value will be in highly regulated KYC/AML exchanges.  Some wealthy people (mostly early adopters) will be able to avoid this, but to sell they'll still need to use an exchange anyway.
It's comical that often the most adamant small blockers are also the ones telling users to store their own private keys.  The advice is inconsistent and ironic. If users are going to "be their own bank" there has to be capacity for a large number of users to ever fund and redeem coins.
If coinbase does fight to increase capacity, they fight with trolls and expend development effort that could be better utilized elsewhere.  The result is they help themselves and their competitors equally, and the troll army that hates them will just continue to hate them anyway.  It's just not worth it.  They can start taking institutional capital, running more alts, and keep collecting fees.
The core team has pushed node centralization at the expense of exchange centralization.  That may actually be good for coinbase.  When coinbase pushed 2x they were doing their customers a favor at their own expense.
@_date: 2017-12-20 13:27:31
...or... you don't understand the rules around "market manipulation."  They have to be careful about how they make the announcement to avoid unfairly disseminating material non-public information to a limited audience.
You had just as much opportunity to find out when the information was released as anyone else did.  That's what _not_ manipulating the market is about.
@_date: 2017-12-20 13:15:10
Good riddance.
@_date: 2017-12-06 01:19:47
Also andreas, in same thread:
"Dozens of people supported me back then, many from the bitcoin community. Roger himself helped me get my first paying work in bitcoin. Let's keep things respectful."
How about we keep this respectful too?  I don't think it was "poor shaming" and neither does andreas. 
@_date: 2017-12-16 16:49:42
Their database is falling over and they're having trouble keeping their site up. Customers would like to trade more cryptocurrencies, which would generate more revenue. Institutions are giving them massive amounts of money just to store BTC because it's hard to take custody themselves.
The developers behind one of the cryptocurrencies available on their platform are executing a large-scale marketing campaign against them, and have been for years.  They even (at least) once removed coinbase as a suggested place to buy BTC on bitcoin.org years ago, this isn't just reddit meanness I'm talking about.
You think the best business decision they could make in this environment would be to capitulate to the demands of the team that has always had an adversarial relationship with them (and the companies they're going to need to work with closely in the future).  A development team they clearly disagree with on basic principals of what would make a cryptocurency successful.
You think they should prioritize doing what core wants over the above, over the things their successful billion dollar business is actually focusing on and considers a priority and has worked for them so far. This makes you the business genius, where I and the founder of coinbase are idiots.  Sure.
@_date: 2017-12-20 13:27:31
If BCH gains liquidity/exchange access, and people actually prefer it, then BTC is less valuable.  Everyone knows this.  People dumping BTC in fear when BCH gets listed isn't evidence of "an attack" or "coordinated." Ridiculous. 
Coinbase is an exchange business, not a speculator. They don't want to go to prison and they're being careful about how they disseminate information. It's highly unlikely that they would coordinate such a thing.
@_date: 2015-06-01 00:07:55
I only get to "steal the coins" if most of the hashing power of the network agrees with me that the big block was silly-large.
@_date: 2015-06-01 00:07:55
I only get to "steal the coins" if most of the hashing power of the network agrees with me that the big block was silly-large.
@_date: 2017-12-16 10:45:23
I didn't say they don't have the means, I said they don't have any incentive.
@_date: 2015-06-01 00:51:06
They'll have a year either way.  the planned change sustains the 1mb block size for a year.
@_date: 2015-06-07 15:52:59
Cheap idiot-proof hardware wallets for a billion people each conducting one transaction per month would require 54 mb blocks on average.  Realistically, for bitcoin to be used widely for payment purposes, he's still right.  Safe online wallets will be necessary.
@_date: 2017-12-16 21:35:50
Did you read the above then? I would imagine the core developers are very helpful to random contributors pitching in free work for them. That doesn't contradict anything I wrote, and is unrelated to their relationship with coinbase, so don't see what your basis is for calling my comment "bullshit."
@_date: 2015-06-01 00:51:06
They'll have a year either way.  the planned change sustains the 1mb block size for a year.
@_date: 2014-02-19 14:25:40
It was edited at some point, maybe he added the line-breaks then?
I remember clearly when my boss told me in 2002 that I needed more line-breaks in my (technical) emails/writing.  It's just easier on the eyes.  People often can't easily read something that doesn't have paragraphs.  It would be just as hard to read text that had no periods.
@_date: 2014-05-23 20:30:47
Personally, I trust coinbase with a few bitcoin.
It depends how much money you're talking about, and how much you have.  If your life savings is $500 and you're spending it all on one bitcoin, that's a very different situation then if you're buying a few bitcoin speculatively to complement a hundred-thousand dollar retirement portfolio.  In the latter case, any insecurity of coinbase probably doesn't warrant the cost of learning more about bitcoin security.... unless you're actually interested.
If you're buying 50mBTC for about $30 so that you can play with it, and spend it online, etc, then it's probably fine to put it in a blockchain.info wallet, access it from your cell phone, etc.
Beware of the risks, and just evaluate those risks against the kind of money you're risking.  If you buy large sums, keep it separate from and more secure than your smaller sums.
@_date: 2014-03-27 00:29:02
You're not always allowed to report income based on cash flows.  I think the cutoff is a million dollars in revenue (but I'm not an accountant).  There are certainly situations in which you're required to use the accrual method (when services are rendered).
@_date: 2014-02-09 05:28:35
[citation needed]
@_date: 2014-07-14 14:12:47
But, a hard-fork is unlikely, and is required for a change in the block size.
Many cool features won't fit in bitcoin's block chain with widespread usage.
@_date: 2014-03-27 00:26:45
For now they're classifying it as "property," but transactions conducted in an actual foreign currency are, if I understand correctly, under irs code 988(e) exempt from capital gains taxes if the gain is less than $200 and it's an individual transaction.
Ideal would be if we can take the property classification for purposes of reporting long-term capital gains rates, but eventually also secure an exemption for reporting gains under $200 per transaction.  This may not be entirely up to the IRS, congress or some other department of govt may have to rule that it's a currency ... or some other country might need to declare that it is "legal tender" in some jurisdiction.
@_date: 2014-03-27 00:44:42


Only if the price went up.  The only "transaction cost" is the reporting difficulty.
If you bought bitcoins at $1,000/coin and then go buying coffee with those coins when the prevailing price is $600/coin, you can either write off your losses or you can ignore it.
You only pay taxes when you have gains or income.  You always owed taxes whenever you had gains/income, this is no different.
If you bought gold years ago at 300/oz, and later at 1k/oz traded 10 oz of gold for a car worth 10k, you'd legally need to pay long term capital gains taxes on $7000 of gains.  That's really not a transaction cost.  If you paid more for the gold than its value at the time of purchase, you'd have a loss you could write off on your taxes.
though of course... my example would not have been valid before Nixon when the dollar was still legally exchangeable for gold.  Until Nixon I believe you could conduct business in gold without generating taxable gains/losses.


Not true.  wallet software can do this.  blockchain crawling software can do this.


The default treatment here will be FIFO... as with most "inventory" situations.  You don't necessarily need to keep track.  If you want to separate out tax-basis for different coins, you'll keep them in different wallets.
@_date: 2014-01-30 14:49:21
At that point we might be looking at a different bitcoin ecosystem, but a combination of a number of (potential?) reasons for buying btc might (continue to?) exist:
* At $10k USD / btc, a satoshi is still only 0.0001 USD.
* They believe it will go to 100k+ (many believe it will within a couple of years).
* They want to use it to transfer funds to family members with lower fees than other transfer services (especially internationally).  If you've never needed to use western union, even if you are a bitcoin bull, you are probably still underestimating just how slow and expensive traditional mechanisms are here.
* They find it easier to store/manage/hide/transfer than gold, and would have otherwise bought gold or other commodities.
* They want to retain a balance of available funds in what has (hopefully) become a stable convenient online payment system.
* It has become accepted in certain places where cc's are not. (cc's aren't widely used in certain countries like China, I've had to use an expensive wire transfer to buy something online when living there).
* They want to buy something online but don't want it showing up on their credit card statement, either because it's a gift for someone sharing the CC (wife) or because it's embarrassing (porn, "toys").
* They want to buy something online, but are afraid of CC theft (target, sketchy websites)
* They want to gamble online (see above).
* They want to buy drugs online on something like silk road.
* Banks continue to bar legalized marijuana dispensaries, and the dispensaries need an alternative to cash for receiving and storing money.
* They want to launder money.
* They want to hide money from the tax-man (some countries even have asset taxes).
* Their government is seizing or devaluing their local currency, or they're afraid of asset seizure, and they don't have many alternative assets for which they can exchange fiat.  One of the big jumps in bitcoin price came when Cyprus locked bank accounts, and much of the actual buying pressure at that time seems to have come from Spain.
* They're geeks and (still) thrilled about the potential uses of this amazing technology (colored coins, smart contracts, block-chain programming), and still just want to play with some.
* As speculators, seeing falling volatility and a developing derivatives market, might buy bitcoin and then write covered calls (they would earn a profit even if the price didn't go up further, and would reduce down-side risk).
* They were short, and received a margin-call.
* To speculate on alt-coins (most alt-coin exchanges are easier to fund with bitcoin than fiat).
* Other reasons we just don't even understand yet.
* They are active traders who believe they can sell a seconds/few minutes later for $10,000.01.
* $10k seems "cheap" after declining from $11k.
* They sold a put contract at 11k.
* They own a call option to buy at 9k.
* They need to deliver on a maturing futures contract.
* A computer program is buying on their behalf to arbitrage differences in prices across exchanges, or across foreign-exchange rates for other currencies, or to arbitrage put/call parities.
* Because interest rates on BTC loans (to short sellers?) might be higher than interest rates on fiat currencies, and the returns are highly uncorrelated with other asset classes.
* As an online deposit, escrow, proof of commitment to something.
* To be able to donate money to services like wikipedia (or wikileaks, or al-qaeda) without being traced, and without the hassles of filling out a bunch of online forms.
* To be able to donate money to something with being traced (being able to prove the commitment of funds publicly by referring to the public block-chain and signed messages).
* Because they need to pay their employees and pay-checks are due. (bitpay has a payroll API, and there are already people being paid in btc).
* They're ineligible for credit cards (bad credit maybe?).
* They're ineligible for other banking services (certain US accounts can't be opened without a US address, which can suck, even for Americans, when travelling overseas).
* They're out, forgot their (physical) wallet, but remembered their phone.  You could buy btc instantly through a coinbase phone app, and then pay at a btc pos system.
* They already have btc, and want to use some, but want to avoid creating a "taxable event" by spending from their existing low-cost-basis account. (if btc is treated as a currency and, in the US, IRS 988 (e) applies, they might be able to buy btc to spend without having to worry about accounting hassles, but early adopters might still have to pay some kind of capital gain on their early BTC purchases).
* They want to earn points/rewards/ff-miles when spending btc.  Gyft offers a 3% discount when buying with btc, because it saves them the up to 3% CC processing fee.  Other payment services may offer similar rewards in the future, similar to or potentially even better than the rewards offered by traditional cc's.
* You didn't say when, or what USD could buy, or why it hits 10k in the first place.  If 50 years from now a btc costs $10k, it may be because 10k USD isn't enough money to buy anything significant anymore.  In the 1960's, average monthly salaries were less than $500 USD.  Inflation.
* To tip someone on Reddit.
@_date: 2014-02-24 19:12:17
a few people being pissed off doesn't change anything
@_date: 2014-04-29 22:14:39
why is that safe to assume?
If the OP guessed the passphrase, couldn't we guess as well?
@_date: 2014-03-22 15:16:57
yeah, a lot of people don't get that more vendors can actually be bad (in the short-term) for price.
@_date: 2014-06-06 14:42:39
If the aggregate value of overseas accounts exceeds $10k USD....
And I'm still not convinced that that includes BTC holdings.  i.e., if an overseas company opened a service that operated like coinbase, I'm not so sure you'd need to file an FBAR no matter how much you bought/sold/held.
If I paid a gold dealer to store gold for me in a vault overseas, I don't think I'd need to file an FBAR.  Gold, like bitcoin, is property.  Gold, like bitcoin, does have AML reporting requirements for dealers.  If I had an investment account in which I bought 10k worth of GLD, that'd be different.
I think we still need more clarification to know for sure.
@_date: 2014-03-31 14:31:06
I'm still net positive from mt gox ;-)
@_date: 2014-03-19 17:51:41
Good point, but a daily cash settled future contract just doesn't even have delivery, and is effective.  It works.  Overstock might use one, and overstock isn't worried about counterparty risk on a futures contract that goes through a regulated clearing house.  The OP is worried about something so far removed from the problems of bitcoin that it's just not really relevant.
If bitcoin makes it to the big leagues, naked shorting will likely be *less* of an issue for bitcoin than for other tradeable instruments.  An exchange doesn't become "not an exchange" just because you don't take delivery, and bitcoin is not the exception he's making it out to be.  The OP doesn't seem to really understand how modern financial markets work, but he's trying to get us to worry about something that wouldn't even be relevant if bitcoin made it "to the big leagues."
If you really want "physical" bitcoins, you can get them from a broker/dealer or from local bitcoins, print them out, and put them in a safe at home just like you would with gold.  This has very little to do with exchanges or financial instruments, and has very little to do with the kinds of transactions wall-street traders want to make.
@_date: 2014-05-09 19:10:31
@_date: 2014-03-04 15:51:49
In NYC, most deli's etc won't even ask for a signature when using a CC for purchases under around $10-15.  It's just not worth the time, and if you try to do a charge back they only risk losing $10.  You could try to do it every day, but eventually they'd recognize you even if they CC company didn't boot you.  In a busy deli at lunch time basically swiping CC's as fast as people can walk past, the risk of chargebacks is a trivial portion of their revenue.  In these cases though, I'm actually worried about the 5-seconds or so it takes for the transaction to even propagate.
Double-spending pre-confirmation is possible, but as far as I understand, it requires non-trivial effort.
When I made an in-person purchase via bitcoin, the merchant did not wait for confirmations, but only waited to see that the transaction appeared on blockchain.info (that it propagated to the network).
If a fee is included in the initial transaction (typically about 6 cents at current rates, though work is being done to reduce fees), then the risk of a double-spend is reduced substantially.  One strategy for merchants would be to require fees.  I believe satoshidice uses the "require a fee" strategy to avoid double spends (they allow gambling with zero-confirms, and I read somewhere that before they required fees they had a couple of incidents of double-spending attacks).
@_date: 2014-03-19 17:33:21
I'd use something like this as a template for where each part should go: 
It gets folded twice in the same direction, so the private key is on the inside, public on the outside, and has a design on the flip-side without needing two-sided printing.
@_date: 2014-03-16 18:30:20
Stable?  Are you joking?  The low to the high over the last month has been 400-700 USD (bitstamp).  What other asset class has that kind of volatility?
We're not even seeing recent *relative* stability.  If you had posted this question on February 2nd I would understand, but you're posting just as we start to recover from a massive swing.
There is good news, and there is the gox disaster.  They are opposing forces that have resulted in massive recent *volatility* not stability.
@_date: 2014-03-13 18:03:28
Naked short selling is mostly illegal on modern exchanges in the US, and existing regulations would continue to apply.
Realistically, I don't think you're ever going to see companies like etrade or fidelity offering direct bitcoin withdrawals.  Trades of bitcoin on something like etrade or fidelity would be settled in cash, just like when you buy/sell equities.  Etrade is not an "exchange" anyway, it is just a broker.  The NYSE is an exchange, but individual retail traders have nothing to do with NYSE.  In a mature wall-street bitcoin market, individual traders will not be dealing with "proper exchanges."  There will be bitcoin cold-storage custodian banks, exchanges, clearing houses, auditors, and broker/dealers.
If bitcoin really goes mainstream and the price reaches a stable level, I doubt we'll even retain short-lending, never mind ending up with naked shorts.  Assuming that well-regulated futures and options contracts will eventually emerge, naked short sales aren't even the riskiest of trades.  You don't hear of people trying to borrow gold or currency to sell short; people who want to short gold just take the short-end of a gold future contract.  There is no need to "borrow shares" with a future contract, and it allows far more aggressive short exposure than naked shorting would with lower cost.
Eventually, retail traders could be writing uncovered call/put options.  At that point, why should I care about a few fail-to-delivers across large banks?
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:44:32
It wasn't an "unlicensed business."  They were registered as a company in Japan.  They will follow Japanese laws regarding bankruptcy and liquidation.  Liquidation does not just mean saying "fuck you, deal with it."
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:43:22
He is correct, the assets do "belong" to the users.  The shareholder "owners" only have a claim on "what's left" after paying all debts.  Any user who had coins/money on gox is now a creditor.  All assets (the domain, hardware, any leftover coins, code, etc) of the site will be liquidated (sold) to reimburse creditors and users on some kind of debt-seniority and then pro-rata basis.  Shareholder/owners will be left with no claim on mtgox.
The fact that the shares were privately held is irrelevant, the shareholders will almost certainly be left with nothing.
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:27:24
I think people are misunderstanding how bankruptcy works.  They have assets (a domain name, a userbase, some bad technology, some bitcoins).  They have liabilities.
If they're bankrupt, all of their assets will be sold to pay as much of their liabilities as possible.  The domain and userbase don't disappear, someone still gets them for a price.  The acquirer presumably won't have the liabilities after the acquisition/transition.
@_date: 2014-03-27 00:33:55
For the same reason they have IRS code 988(e): They want to maximize revenue.  
If people know they have to report purchase-related transactions where their capital gain is more than $200 (and all trading gains), they'll report their five relevant transactions and their trading gains.  
If they're required to report all 500 of their $1 cups of coffee along with those five truly relevant transactions that create a significant tax obligation, they'll just evade bitcoin taxes entirely to avoid the onerous reporting requirement.
The IRS doesn't actually have the technological or legal capabilities (currently) to enforce capital gains taxes on every purchase of a cup of coffee.  They know this.  They don't really want to create millions of well-intentioned tax-evaders.
@_date: 2014-05-16 16:43:44
They'll make money through the difference between the buy and sell prices....  this is called the "spread" ... it's how the vast majority of forex dealers make money.
They won't charge a fee, but you'll probably get a better bitcoin *price* on coinbase, assuming users are price-sensitive enough to care about the fee.
It's just like when a credit card company offers "no foreign exchange fee" for foreign purchases, they're still making money on the exchange rate.
@_date: 2014-10-26 18:31:38
according to who?
@_date: 2014-06-30 14:09:37
It could be well below 10% for more than a decade and still make btc a good buy.
Do the math.  There are about 13M bitcoin today, and the market cap of gold is about 6.5 *trillion* USD.  Are you really worried about it taking more than 10 years to get to 10% of gold's market cap?  Just 1% would be a 10x return from current prices.
@_date: 2014-02-17 16:48:18
Part of me hopes it's a capital assets, but then again, if it gets classified as a currency that could cause the price to appreciate substantially as well.
If it's a currency, people may be afraid to sell to avoid the income tax... but will probably be able to buy things online that cost less than $200 spending bitcoin and not paying any taxes (irs 988 e).  That would increase adoption in retail, and would reduce the pool of sellers.
@_date: 2014-05-29 14:06:37
I'm not so specifically concerned with fat-fingering.  I'm just concerned that the general process of this sort of audit procedure seems to involve taking all bitcoins out of cold storage.  This isn't necessary, and is risky.  I assume they use some kind of key-splitting technique, either by using multi-sig, or by printing half the private key on each of two separate pieces of paper.  To pull any particular address from cold storage, they presumably make trips to two different banks and join the keys.  Whoever physically fetches these private keys probably isn't travelling by armored truck, and even if they were, anything could happen.  Physical security is largely a solved problem.  You don't put all your eggs in one basket, and a single address implies a _physical_ all-eggs-in-one-basket situation to fetch or spend/send those coins.
Bitcoins are traceable through transactions.  The exchange could prove ownership of $5MM at a time to distinct bitcoin addresses, then move each batch back into cold storage, and never have more than 5% of their bitcoin out of cold storage at any given moment.  It's possible to verify that an exchange isn't re-verifying the same $5M, since you can easily trace the source of each transaction.
Ideally, the exchange would publicly post something like 100-200 public multi-sig addresses each containing around 1,000 btc.  To verify, they'd create a couple hundred new cold storage addresses, make multiple trips to their vault to remove a few million dollars at a time, and cycle their public addresses to show they still control the same public addresses they've always claimed to control.  They could cycle a quarter of their public addresses each financial quarter in a deterministic order, so that over the course of a full year all of their public addresses would have been publicly verified as still being under their control at least as recently as the trailing twelve months.  Most of the balances would be static over long periods of time, so by year end it would be clear that every cold-storage bitcoin had been independently accounted for.
Presumably the hot-wallets and a bit of coin more actively pulled from cold storage to meet demand could be handled separately, and is probably a small subset of their total balances that most of us aren't overly concerned with.
The only way I can think of to fake or screw up ownership would be to sell off blocks of 1k bitcoins _during_ the audit procedure to an entity that agreed not to move/spend the received bitcoins for a long time.... or to lose the cold storage address to which coins were sent at audit, and then hide the fact for twelve months.
Am I wrong?  Unless I'm missing something, I feel like this would offer sufficient transparency with a more acceptable level of risk.  Lack of transparency is a kind of risk, but all-eggs-in-one-basket is another.  If someone getting hit by a car during a bank-run as part of an audit procedure means bitstamp goes bankrupt, that could be worse than having them not be transparent at all.
@_date: 2014-05-01 15:50:36
If I only thought it would be at 1k by year end, I'd have sold already.
@_date: 2014-06-25 14:00:25
Don't they merge-mine other coins too?  I thought the idea with ghash (and the above-bitcoin-value hash prices) was your mining was producing more than just bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-02-26 23:14:27
The point of this is that they don't ever store your cash in an account on their servers.
All of my four-day orders went through as they were supposed to.  I've set up instant-buy now and it's working well for me.  If they didn't honor purchases that went against them, they'd get a whole lot of really bad press really quick.  
They take on substantial risk when you buy.  Not only do you not get the BTC for four days, they don't get the cash for four days.  They do buy or ensure they have reserves for your btc when you make your purchase, so if your bank account turns out not to have enough cash to make the ACH they get screwed.  That's the reason for the CC backup on instant-buys.  They have to buy the coin to cover your purchase, but they don't have a way to enforce payment if the price moves against them.
@_date: 2014-03-16 18:37:09
Sure you're going to keep it safe at home, but at some point you might want to move it.  Anyone who snaps a picture on their phone or with google glasses or anything instantly has all your coins.  The default storage mechanism should be folded in a way that shows the public key but leaves the private key hidden.  I'm sure you could fold this up in such a way, but it doesn't seem like the design would look nice folded, which kinda defeats the purpose of having a nice design.
@_date: 2014-03-07 21:15:04
your initial comment had no substance.  There's nothing to respond to.
@_date: 2014-02-09 05:31:58
"Correlation doesn't imply causation, but it does waggle its eyebrows suggestively and gesture furtively while mouthing "look over there.""
@_date: 2014-02-06 16:00:11
apparently, no: 
@_date: 2014-02-07 20:01:54
This is more of an angry boycott than a "trade."
Some people here made enough money on bitcoin appreciation to not care how aapl performs.  People are shooting their iPhones.  Obviously it would be more profitable to sell the phone... but profit isn't what they're seeking here.
If someone refuses to buy stock in cigarette, alcohol, or gun companies, ... it's not just an "emotional" trade, it's a principle they're following.
@_date: 2014-02-06 15:22:40
If we can't have fee estimates yet, can we at least get a lower minimum fee?  it's up to about 10 cents now.  If bitcoin goes to 10k this year, the fee will be almost a dollar without changes.  I don't think a $1 fee is sustainable (people do use bitcoin to buy things for less than $10), so that puts a cap on price appreciation.
@_date: 2014-02-14 21:20:15
It's kinda hard to trade stocks if your life savings is $500.
@_date: 2014-06-30 20:28:09
25k is nowhere near 3000 bitcoins.  25k isn't even enough money to qualify you to bid at the auction.  coinbase doesn't let you buy more than 50k/day, and at auction we're talking about millions of dollars of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-05 22:37:52
If the store required a transaction fee, and your grocery-store purchase was the first transaction to hit the network, your attempt at a double spend is reasonably likely to fail even if the store didn't wait for confirms.
Sure, double-spends are *possible*, but they're not trivial and not anywhere near 100% successful.
@_date: 2014-03-25 20:15:08
The downside to this tax treatment is that it implies irs code 988(e) does not apply.
Ideal for the future of bitcoin would be dual-treatment ... i.e., when used as a speculative investment vehicle, treat it as a commodity/asset/good with potential for LTCG reporting, ... when used as a currency, treat it as a currency.
If it could be treated as a foreign currency, we wouldn't need to report gains on currency fluctuations that amounted to less than $200 of gains/losses on a single purchase.  This would allow us to use btc more effectively as a currency without having to worry about reporting requirements.
People probably won't report their gains on purchases, and the IRS will have a hard time tracking them down.  Having a well-defined $200 cut-off would encourage people to report larger gains in these distinctly specified situations.  Reporting difficulty will encourage people to hide small and large gains equally, but will also put late adopters at risk of being prosecuted over minuscule lost tax revenues.
@_date: 2014-05-22 13:33:19
If bitcoin didn't exist, would you still say "spending from savings can be like robbing your future self?"  What if I don't hold cash?  I have to earn more savings in any currency before I can "buy back what I've spent." ... and I'm not going to completely cease spending money anytime soon.  I got bills to pay.
@_date: 2014-03-25 22:17:13
Not one of you, but both of you.  One of you received income in the amount of the market-value of a car wash, and the other received income in the amount of the market-value of a hot-dog.
@_date: 2014-04-20 01:34:19
You're still thinking in a different paradigm.  If you had £20 worth of bitcoin before you started travelling, it wouldn't be "in your Spanish bank account."  Your money would be "in the block chain" instead of "in the bank," and you'd be able to access it anywhere via your cell phone or a computer.
If bitcoin stabilizes, and you actually start using it as a "store of value," the whole "transfer" and "physical withdrawal" and "across international borders" thing goes away.  The money is in the block chain, and all that's left is the "currency exchange" part (usually, except in cases where you can actually spend btc directly).
@_date: 2014-05-15 13:23:30
For some of us, we buy from vendors who accept bitcoin purely because we want bitcoin to succeed.  It's the opposite of a boycott.  Bitcoin is still in its infancy.  In many cases it's not easier now, but we do it for the sake of the future, for the same reasons programmers contribute to open source projects, to support what we believe is great technology.
In some cases there are benefits to using bitcoin already though.  Many of us already have bitcoin, so with the price appreciation over the last year, we have a larger balance in our bitcoin "account" and would rather spend that money than deplete much smaller reserves of other currencies.  Some people don't have credit cards to make online purchases, for any number of reasons.  Some fear their credit card details being leaked by an insecure website.  Some would like to buy a gift for a significant-other without it showing up on a shared bill.
In many cases, it's faster/cheaper to send money (even with two conversions, fiat to bitcoin to fiat) than it is to send currency through western union or check or wire transfer.  If the recipient has more opportunities to spend the bitcoin directly without the conversion back to fiat, then the transaction becomes even cheaper.
I don't own any Euro.  I live in America.  There are more places near where I live that I can spend bitcoin than there are to spend Euros.  I have more money in bitcoin than dollars or any other currency.  Lets say I wanted to order a wedding gift, online, for a friend living in Amsterdam.  Why buy Euros first, when I could just use a global currency I already have?
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:46:47
I thought the old version was in bad-taste.  They don't have proof he's insolvent, he voluntarily stepped down from the board, and the goal of this kind of statement isn't to sling mud.
@_date: 2014-07-08 14:32:42
oops, I think I meant to hit reply on a different post.
@_date: 2014-03-25 21:59:31
you mean coinmap.org.
@_date: 2014-05-16 15:05:04
Companies that offer exchange services (regardless of currency) generally have two ways of making money: the spread between the buy and sell price, or a fee.  Circle will most certainly have a spread between the buy and sell ("bid and ask") price, they won't necessarily be cheaper and certainly will not be "free."
Companies will make money.  Competition is good, and will lower our costs, but that doesn't mean coinbase and circle can't co-exist.  Circle is not planning to offer "free" services by operating at a loss.  Fee or spread are both valid ways to make money, and the two companies can still compete on "price."
If a bitcoin (with fee) is cheaper on coinbase than circle, I'll still use Coinbase.  If the difference in price works out to pennies, I'm not going to bother moving unless Circle provides a better user-experience.  If I need to sell more coin than my daily limit in coinbase, I might even use both.  Without a fixed fee, it might be cheaper to buy really small quantities of bitcoin on Circle, but be cheaper to buy larger quantities on Coinbase.
Coinbase also does offer free conversion to fiat, for merchants, up to a million dollars.  Coinbase also eats the bitcoin transaction fee when sending bitcoin from your account.
@_date: 2014-03-27 00:10:40
This was my assumption I think, ... I have coins in cold storage that I've had for years.  I want to keep those distinct from my coinbase account, for which taxable events will have minimal gains.
With stock trading, I can choose specific tax-lots I want to sell.  By keeping a distinct wallet I'm assuming I should be able to report the taxes as specific bitcoins being sold, and thus claim LTCG rates.  I don't want to be forced into FIFO reporting.
You and the IRS have addressed one big question, that we don't qualify for the 988(e) currency treatment... but neither you nor the IRS have specifically mentioned LTCG rates.  Does the IRS statement actually confirm that we are eligible for LTCG rates?
@_date: 2014-06-06 18:15:17
They don't hold any USD in user accounts... only bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-09 05:24:07
I still have some faith in them.  Not enough to leave money in their site, and not faith that they're a secure well-built platform, but I don't yet believe this is malicious.  It's not easy to run a financial institution.  Well established banks in China are blocking some cash withdrawls over Chinese new-year for "technical reasons."  These gox guys were first to market.  They hacked together a site in PHP on their own with no QA servers, no real financial experience, no compliance managers, etc.  Of course they've had growing pains.
Other more experienced people have stepped in and built more robust, secure, reliable, better regulated exchanges and platforms for buying and selling bitcoin, but I appreciate what gox has contributed to the market.  I also think the random person who started the site has made enough money that, unless he actually had some technical failure that caused them to lose their coins/money, they'd have little marginal benefit from outright theft.
They're struggling to comply with US regulations among other things, which I'm sure is frustrating given that they're not even in the US.
They aren't a large group of people, and they're probably busily trying to write code right this minute.  I do believe that running to the bank to take the cold storage addresses out of multiple safety deposit box would take time away from coding... remember that for security reasons you wouldn't want to take out all of your cold storage addresses at once, and that a single cold storage address could be split across multiple banks.  Remember this is a company where the CEO writes the code.  They're run by some geek with a very active github profile.
I could be wrong... and like I said, I don't feel strongly enough to leave money in mtgox, and I'm not so sure they'll survive as a business, but I still have hope that they'll return whatever money people still have tied up in gox.
@_date: 2014-06-24 14:10:29
Most SQL databases are designed to support atomic transactions... the notorious exception being MySQL with default myisam data stores.. you probably shouldn't use mysql for financial transactions either.
Apparently the latest version of mongo has hacked something in for multi-document transactions, but generally speaking mongo doesn't seem to be designed to be used as a transactional database.  If you want to build the next twitter, fine, but if you want to update two account balances simultaneously and safely, mongo and mysql aren't the typically recommended solutions.
@_date: 2014-03-25 22:17:37
Though they haven't actually stated in this notice that LTCG rates apply.
@_date: 2015-05-19 23:12:59
Yes...  if buyers had not shown up to the auction, the extra supply would have had a more pronounced negative effect on the price anywhere else on or off exchange.  For every buyer there is a seller.  Trying to guess what liquidity is going to hit the market when, or the magnitude of the impact that might or might not already be priced into the market... that's just active trading, not arbitrage or manipulation.
@_date: 2015-05-05 02:03:05
ideas like sidechains, whatever lightning is, off-blockchain transactions, etc... the thing a lot of people are missing is just how small 1mb is.  It doesn't permit any of these workarounds at-scale.
Lets say you had the majority of transactions happening on sidechains or off blockchain in services like coinbase.  Users might still want to move btc on/off a sidechain or in/out of coinbase once a month.  At that rate, you'd be capped at maybe ten million users before you'd run into contention on slow blocks in cases where, for example, a block wasn't found for a bit.
People like to say "bitcoin wasn't meant for spammy transactions like satoshi dice, if the block gets congested at 1mb they'll just have to get off the block chain!"  ... but a 20mb limit is still on the scale of maybe western union, not visa, and certainly not micro transactions with broad adoption.
Think of it from the perspective of long-term cost of transactions too.  Right now the network spends about seven dollars per transaction.  This is fine, you don't have to pay $7 per transaction because there are block rewards.  As block rewards decline though over time, either transaction fees would have to rise substantially or the number of transactions per block would need to rise substantially.  20mb means we could have the current investment in hashing power and still have individual transactions with sub-dollar fees long-term.  Things like side chains don't fix that issue, and sidechains would presumably need some way to reward miners too.
@_date: 2015-05-17 23:10:06
I'm not talking about the rounding error of dividing 3 satoshi by 4 instead of two, I'm talking about the time-value of money.  Receiving 12.5 btc in five and then in ten minutes is financially more valuable than receiving 25 btc in 10 minutes.  
This is why a bank will give you a discount on your mortgage if you agree to start paying every two weeks instead of once a month.  It's a short period of time, but if bitcoin was a contract developed between financial institutions, you wouldn't be able to arbitrarily change the terms of payment like that.
I would be strongly opposed to such a change to the fundamental financial structure of bitcoin mining.  I tend to think others would be too.  I don't see the removal of some arbitrary spam protection limit as the same kind of change.
@_date: 2014-07-08 14:30:54
By not believing it, you do a poor job of explaining it.
Deflation is dangerous on a macro-economic level.  It's not just because people somehow hoard cash in hope of getting more value later.  If that were the case, people could easily just invest their cash.
If I give you a fixed salary, and there's constant 2% inflation, in a really bad financial year I simply _don't_ give you a raise.  This is effectively a pay-cut, but most people will accept this cut in a really bad financial year.  They know they can't do better elsewhere, inflation is "only" 2%, and it's merely "not a raise."  With deflation, you're automatically getting a pay-raise even if the economy is bad, even if you're over-paid for your skill level.  I'd have to give you a deep pay-cut in a bad year to keep my business afloat, or to eventually drive your income down to actual value.  Psychologically, you'll be more inclined to reject a nominal pay-cut, and you may even have some contract or union agreement prohibiting me from giving you a pay cut.
Without the pay-cut, I may go out of business, which further hurts the economy, spurs more deflation, and the cycle continues.  It's a very difficult cycle to break.
Since this is a vicious cycle where deflation drives deflation, a 0% inflation target with a risk of "occasional" deflation is not a stable target.
@_date: 2014-02-12 14:59:06
my understanding was that the 7 transactions per second limit could be removed at any time, and was just there to help limit the potency of ddos attacks as the network formed/grew.
@_date: 2014-05-16 16:47:16
It's only free from the fee's perspective.  There's still an exchange rate, and their buy/sell prices might be worse than those on coinbase.  They make money on the spread between the price at which you buy vs sell.
@_date: 2014-03-22 15:04:35
yeah, I stopped reading when I saw that line.
@_date: 2015-05-10 22:09:39
how would one "force the miners to sell you at a lower price?"
@_date: 2014-02-07 21:51:32
The question is more than that.  Currencies (afaik) don't qualify for long-term capital gains treatement no matter how long you hold them (but there are exemptions when spending foreign currencies with small fluctuations in price).
We still don't know if the IRS is going to allow us to claim LTCG on bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-31 14:52:56
I think you mean wú
@_date: 2015-05-17 23:25:09
Let me make sure I got this right.  Your instructions are:
buy 50k btc (driving the price up).
sell 50k btc (driving the price back down).
short-sell btc (driving the price down).
buy back what you sold short (driving the price back up).
wait 9 months (who knows).
open an ETF (probably up?).
And the expected end result is you'll be able to buy bitcoin for less than it would have cost you to begin with?
@_date: 2015-05-06 11:18:02
I think people are really missing the point that it doesn't matter if 20mb theoretically "increases centralization."  1mb isn't remotely scalable.  None of the workarounds people suggest are sufficient to get around a 1mb limitation.  Those workarounds will still be necessary to get around a 20mb limitation, which is still very small.
@_date: 2014-03-25 22:24:05
no.  gold is treated as a collectible, which is actually worse than the btc treatment.
@_date: 2014-03-25 19:57:11
With stocks, you can usually choose specific "tax lots."  My plan (when/if I sell) will be to specify which bitcoin(s) I'm selling and account for it in a way that I qualify for long-term capital gains (lower tax rate).
I haven't seen anything confirming that we're allowed to do this, but I haven't seen anything saying we're not allowed to either.
@_date: 2015-05-17 23:02:10
I'm excited about the technology that is bitcoin, but to claim bitcoin is going to somehow replace bankers is to claim that bitcoin is somehow going to replace programmers.
Derivatives do create value for society, likely far more than optimizing the display of pictures on a web page.  "Don't criticize what you don't understand."
@_date: 2015-05-31 14:23:38
As I've pointed out before, 20 MB is 21 million bytes!
@_date: 2015-05-09 16:00:52
do we really have to interpret this as a hard-fork at all?  isn't it just some spam-prevention config option?
Can we just make a conceptual change where we say "there's a 1mb limit in the reference implementation but that's not and never was actually part of the underlying protocol" ?
@_date: 2015-05-17 22:54:07
Who are "the few?"  Coinbase?  Circle?  The bitcoin investment trust?  Satoshi?  Bitstamp?  Karpeles?  The FBI?
@_date: 2014-06-17 13:27:15
The relevant wallet isn't empty, lets see what they spend their coin on:
@_date: 2014-06-17 13:28:49
The point is, if they voluntarily limit their growth, some other competitor will take a 51% stake.  An individual mining pool inhibiting their growth is not a long-term solution.
@_date: 2015-05-17 23:16:31
when I talk of wide-spread adoption I just mean a fair number of people wanting to be able to, for example, periodically move money in/out of online wallets like coinbase.  I don't mean people acting like btc is visa.  Any imaginable case of broad usage will require the 20mb, regardless of what workarounds are put in (off blockchain transactions, sidechains, etc).
@_date: 2015-05-10 21:32:41
Though putting more payments in a transaction does increase the size of the transaction....
And I think there's a limit to the size of a single transaction.
But even if each block only had one payment, at 1mb/block, it still wouldn't be sufficient to handle moderately wide-spread adoption.
@_date: 2015-05-18 02:40:59
When you're talking about 50,000 btc, about 12 million dollars, it's close enough.  What you have described certainly is not a way to "force miners to sell to you at a lower price."
@_date: 2017-02-19 19:49:24
Personally, I think I'd be satisfied with 100 real transactions per second on the main chain.  It wouldn't come close to replacing visa, but it would be sufficient to satisfy normal use cases like western union, moving funds in/out of coinbase, moving funds on/off side chains, etc.  7 TPS is a toy.  100 TPS won't be enough, but it would be enough that off-chain stuff to make up the difference starts looking tenable.
This is just an un-reviewed proposal of a paper though right?  Who knows if it's actually anything realistic.
@_date: 2015-05-10 22:06:27
The 1mb block-size limit isn't actually being pushed.  If I started running bitcoin-core with the patch to allow 20mb blocks, even if I were running a miner, it just wouldn't make any difference.  No one would notice or care.  Only some day, possibly years from now when transaction volume is higher would this actually cause my block-chain to fork from the standard one.  By then, hopefully everyone accepts 20mb blocks, so a chain with smaller blocks would have little hashing power in it and would be abandoned.
Changing the confirmation time between blocks would be a radical change that would need to be coordinated much more carefully, and would be much less likely to be accepted by all participants.  It would be much more likely to result in split chains.
Remember too that it's not a block every 10 minutes, it's a difficulty set based on how quickly people usually find blocks such that on average future blocks will be found once every ten minutes.  An adjustment to the average time between blocks is inherently a change in mining difficulty.
A change that resulted in bitcoins being mined faster than would otherwise be possible would not be accepted by the network.  A new chain that did so fundamentally would not be "bitcoin," and so the block reward would somehow have to be half as much per block.  Mathematically, it likely wouldn't be possible to institute such a change without at a minimum introducing a rounding-error of a change to the finances of mining.
@_date: 2016-03-05 17:50:57
It's actually not even that.  I expect bitcoin to be primarily a settlement technology, but the block size is too small even to support that use case without other developments.  
FEDwire funds transactions are ~6 tps with average payment sizes of $5.75 MM.  This system has less than 10,000 participants.  This one settlement use case wouldn't fit on the block chain with any volatility of transaction volume.
I think a lot of people who want small blocks are missing how incredibly tiny our current toy blocks are.  Also, there is the legitimate concern that there has never been a real hard fork, and we kind of don't know know for sure how that would play out.
The people who want to keep the block size small are also typically associated with groups developing sidechain or other technologies though, that they hope would allow bitcoin to continue to function with minuscule blocks.  My own view is that those technologies are far too distant, and that even with sidechains etc the blocks would still be too small to get transactions on/off chains fast enough.
@_date: 2015-05-30 23:14:42
And what if everyone just ignores that ridiculously massive block?  The giant block from the one miner could quickly no-longer be the chain with the "most work" in it, and would be abandoned.
A miner could easily write mining software that ignored large blocks unless they were in a chain buried under some specified amount of 'work.'  They would specify the work required, as well as how big they felt like considering "ridiculous."  Each miner might set a different threshold for "ridiculous," maybe some 10x the average block size, maybe some 20x... but if you made a block that was in a range that a significant percent of the miners were going to drop you, unless you had a really significant chunk of the hashing power, your chain would probably be abandoned.  The larger your block, the less likely it would remain in the chain.  If it doesn't stay in the chain, you don't get your block reward.
@_date: 2017-03-06 01:56:56
Except bitcoin with 1mb blocks doesn't scale to the point that large numbers of people could all transfer $100 to LN channels...  LN might help with scalability but bitcoin still needs big changes before we'd be anywhere near broadly used coffee-level scalability.
@_date: 2017-03-06 03:05:10
The scale of transactions supported by the bitcoin blockchain is at least an order of magnitude lower than what would be required even to support western union level functionality at scale.  Yes, anyone talking about using LN to solve the ordering-coffee problem is getting ahead of themselves, and I don't see people wanting to use sidechains for western-union like functionality.
It's important for the community to figure these things out in an honest way.  Not everything is going to be solved overnight, but it often looks like we're never going to find consensus to move forward in the ways that would ultimately be needed.  Right now so many people are talking about coffee when I think the more important question is how we do western union level volume reliably on-chain.
@_date: 2017-03-11 19:39:57
so... does this mean there just needs to be a cftc regulated derivatives market with significant volume first?
@_date: 2017-08-10 23:25:47
It's really not. They're likely using multisig with keys spread across multiple safety deposit boxes at different banks. 
They certainly  don't just print out a private key and stick it in a readily accessible filing cabinet. 
@_date: 2017-08-21 00:06:13
Bittrex is neutral:
Gemini will follow most-work chain:
If you want to see some effort at accurate information, check here:
@_date: 2017-11-25 17:06:16
Not exactly, I'm not seeing anything in there explains why an off by one in both miners and clients would have prevented miners from successfully finding the "correct" larger off-by-one block... or stating that the off-by-one was only in the clients and not the mining code?
@_date: 2017-11-21 01:34:35
Maybe there was a bug?  If there's a bug, the patch shows that it's not the bug you just described.
Maybe someone wanted this change?  It would be _better_ to have the defaults set at 2mb.  I have no idea why they were set to 750k in the core client instead of 1mb, the original code he forked from seems just as wrong.
Maybe there isn't a good way to know how much hash power the 2x chain has until a block is actually found?
@_date: 2017-11-18 21:28:06
How much money are you going to leave in a LN channel for a year or more at a time, spending regularly and not worrying about having your PK stolen?  You're just going to dump your entire bitcoin holdings onto your cell phone that has a LN channel to some central hub linked up to everyone else in the world?  And then if you get a phone virus your money is gone?
How about cold storage?
We already have more than 26 million users, and even optimistically with 100% segwit adoption, bitcoin does not support 10 tx/s.  Realistically we currently do 4 with full blocks, and we _might_ get close to 8 with 100% segwit.
A LN channel is not a debit card.
@_date: 2017-11-26 01:30:20
Maybe try reading it with a critical mind instead of just accepting every line of it, including the interpretation, as gospel?
@_date: 2017-11-19 01:52:19
It has nothing to do with number of transactions or mempool.  Segwit2x doesn't have an EDA, there isn't enough hash power to mine a block.
@_date: 2017-11-18 22:30:23
Not according to jgarzik.  It's the word of the dev who wrote it vs the word of someone trying to slander the project.
@_date: 2017-11-18 22:30:59
maybe you should reflect on that yourself before assuming all of these accusations are accurate?
@_date: 2017-11-26 03:43:05
I think I explained pretty clearly which specific aspect I'd want to clarify.  You're not responding to the remaining question, nor does the article you link to.
@_date: 2017-11-18 21:31:46
I haven't seen an indication that the 2x chain actually had a bug either though.  This seems like yet another smear campaign.
@_date: 2017-11-19 01:57:10
understand what?  That you're unwilling to question the anointed core devs because you want to believe jgarzik screwed up?
_Maybe_ he did.  I don't know he didn't, but I also don't know pink elephants don't exist on the dark side of the moon.  I've seen no evidence yet that he actually screwed up.  If you have some, link it.  A link to another jgarzik hater ranting that the fork failed is not evidence that the code was wrong.
@_date: 2017-11-19 02:32:50


If some channel you are connected to has funds in it, it can send you funds.  Presumably you'd be connected to an exchange, so you could buy more bitcoin from that exchange and have the exchange send it to you.


The only way that's true is if each user performs two million transactions per LN channel they open and close.  That seems absurdly unlikely.  You are far far overstating the benefits of LN with this claim.


It is *the* subject I'm concerned with.  I want users to be able to create cold storage wallets so they can safely store coins on their own.  That is precisely what appeals to me about cryptocurrency.  Right now the vast majority of bitcoin buyers can only store bitcoin on exchanges, because we don't have enough transactions for them to all fund their own wallets.




You're missing the alternative that users move to in this "market."  They move to exchanges.  One of the things that annoys me most about small blockers is them telling users to keep their own private keys.  It is not possible for all users to keep private keys and also have small blocks.  When fees rise, vast swaths of users stop doing do cold storage, start trusting exchanges, which frees up block space and lowers fees.  That's not "decentralization" and exchange failure has been proven by history to be the biggest risk to bitcoin holders.


If you're using LN and not monitoring the network yourself, you'll have to pay someone to do it.  You also have to pay to open/close the channel.  You also don't solely get to decide when the channel gets closed, at which point you need to open a new one at your own expense.
@_date: 2017-11-18 21:34:49
stopped generating blocks because it didn't have enough hashpower...  not because of a bug in the code.
@_date: 2017-11-19 01:51:01
as far as I can tell, that's just a false claim.
@_date: 2017-11-19 20:25:14
And did you read that code?  Is it "oops, let's change this block number because it was wrong and this won't work?"
No, it's changing default settings that were just as wrong in the core code he forked from, that every miner overrides.
@_date: 2017-11-20 12:24:41


from 750k to 1750k etc, the defaults used here aren't actually used by miners in prod even with the existing chain.
@_date: 2017-11-18 22:31:45
yes I saw that.  "the fork block must be large."
@_date: 2017-11-18 22:32:45
because a large block wasn't mined.
@_date: 2017-11-19 01:51:18
do you have a link to this patch?
@_date: 2017-11-26 17:46:05
ah, thanks :-). Seeing it everywhere now.
@_date: 2017-11-18 21:33:14
Why could it not have been mined?  As far as I can tell there wasn't an off by one error, the core devs ranting about it were the ones pointing at the wrong block.
@_date: 2017-11-19 01:53:10
What patch?  I see him stating that this whole off-by-one thing is lies.  I do NOT see him acknowledging the issue.  If he did, provide a link.
@_date: 2017-11-19 04:25:13


It's not "pedantic," it's an important fact.  LN doesn't scale to "millions" of times more transactions.  It only scales bitcoin to the extent users make significant repeat transactions with other users of LN, in a network where there exists a mechanism to top-up channels, and where the user feels the funds in their channel are low enough to use their private key actively.  That isn't anywhere near "millions," not "thousands."  I don't think it would even result in a 10% improvement in capacity, but you *know* that you're claim of "millions" is not justifiable.


You were JUST talking about the market.  They're 10 sat/byte because users already moved to exchanges.  *IF* they tried to leave exchanges in any reasonable amount of time, the protocol does not support that at *any* price.  It would take *three* *months* at current actual network transaction rates to fund 50 million cold storage wallets with _zero_ other transactions on the network.  That time factor can't be changed by paying more for transactions.
The fixed cap on supply of on-chain transactions doesn't care what the price is.  If I get 50 bottles of water per day I can't give a bottle of water to more than 50 people per day.  If there are a million people who want water, pointing to my sign saying "bottled water, 50 cents" doesn't mean there's plenty of water.


IT IS THE CASE TODAY


My point is there is a *recurring* charge that I just described to you.  I'm not sure how you so thoroughly missed that point that you even restate your incorrect view with no justification.


At least we agree on something.
@_date: 2017-11-18 22:29:44
Block 494783 needs to be large.  Block 494783 is the 494784th block.  Blocks start at zero.  There were no large blocks found.
@_date: 2017-11-19 20:23:41
I don't think anything I've written registered with you at all.  Your responses do not actually address anything I wrote.
@_date: 2017-11-25 15:29:46
What is it about 9 that means more to you? 
@_date: 2017-11-26 17:40:20
I've read it twice but I still don't see "and that incorrect code path isn't used by miners, so they weren't looking for the larger early block."
The "you can't read" isn't constructive, and you clearly don't understand what my question is.
Actually, I'll just block you, I don't have time to deal with people like you.
@_date: 2017-11-19 01:53:57
That's just a link repeating the same claim that, as far as I can tell, is false.  Restating it doesn't make it true.
@_date: 2017-11-18 22:39:32
Maybe you should look at both sides of the story?  According to jgarzik, those pointing fingers are the ones looking at the wrong block.
Block 494783 needs to be large. Block 494783 is the 494784th block. Block numbers start at zero just like everything else in software development.
@_date: 2017-11-16 01:35:29
You need other txs besides LN channels. We don't yet really have the "currency" use case and might not ever. 
Creating and funding cold wallets should probably take at least as much capacity as opening/closing LN channels, and we don't have enough capacity for all current users to store their coins outside exchanges,  even without trying to open/close LN channels too.
You say LN with 1mb could support 26 million users. I disagree, but even if it could we already have more users than that and they've already been pushed out to exchanges. 
@_date: 2017-11-26 17:16:52


@_date: 2017-11-18 22:38:11
not finding a large block is not "shitty code."  The fork was designed to not happen if it didn't have miner support.
@_date: 2017-11-19 20:26:29
An off by one error did not stop the chain from progressing.  Even if the announcement is incorrect, miners and nodes running the same code would be mining/waiting on the same block.  A block wasn't found because not enough miners were mining that chain.  
@_date: 2017-10-31 00:48:57
Figuring out how to perform more transactions isn't the same as counterfeiting 
@_date: 2017-10-25 17:26:45
No, we issued currency backed by a satoshi standard instead of gold standard. People used it because there wasn't enough on chain capacity for everyone.  No one actually knows if the government has the satoshis.
@_date: 2015-04-17 02:11:33


gus_ 
It didn't make sense to me either when it was first explained to me, but at least as I currently understand it, this A=L+E accounting formula always holds.  If I own a house, and a portion of the house is paid for with debt, that house is part equity and part liability.  Both the equity and liability in a sense make up the assets on the balance sheet.  I should be able to add my homeowners equity to my outstanding debt to get my total assets.
Double-entry has to do with debits/credits etc, which is related, but isn't what I'm describing here.
The main point I'm making though is, you can have financial assets like forward contracts in which both parties have some obligation in the future.  It's a counter example to the above poster's definition of "simultaneously an asset for the holder and a liability for the issuer."  He wants to use the term "asset" as an opposite to a liability, but even if it could be, both parties have an obligation and for both parties that contract is a financial asset.
The definition given is inaccurate, the use of the term "asset" can be ambiguous, and it isn't always the case that one of the parties acts as an "issuer" or that only one party is the "holder."
@_date: 2015-04-16 23:01:19
A clarification: Not all financial assets/contracts have distinct lines between "issuer" and "holder."  Many impose obligations/liabilities on both parties to the contract.  Also, an asset is not the direct opposite to a liability.  A liability is actually a kind of asset.  Assets = Liabilities + Equity.
@_date: 2015-04-16 22:52:08
Exactly.  I meant to post this earlier.  I see so many posts that just completely miss interpret existing financial systems / definitions.  Bitcoin is not a financial asset.
@_date: 2015-04-16 23:20:52
Equity/stock is still a contractual claim on the company, and equity is by definition an asset.
Ownership of a particular class of shares provides particular voting rights, claims on any dividends/distributions, etc.  Preferred shares typically have clauses prohibiting other classes of shares from being paid dividends before some specified amount is first paid to the preferred shareholders.  In some cases certain share classes have different voting rights, but equal claims on distributions, so trade at only slightly different prices (e.g. goog vs googl).  BRK.A shares come with a contractual right to convert to some number of BRK.B shares.
Some below have said a company can never be forced to pay dividends, but a group of shareholders banding together in majority can vote out the board, replace the board, instruct the new board to hire a new CEO, and tell the CEO to pay dividends or even liquidate the company.  When I buy a bond, I can't demand that the bond issuer at-once pay back my entire principal (unless there's an option on the bond).
The definition of "financial asset" refers to "contractual claims."  It doesn't specify that the claims necessarily have to be interpretable as a liability for one of the parties involved in the contract, and it doesn't stipulate that any payouts/dividends be defined in advance.
@_date: 2015-11-06 02:07:30
Sure, transaction tax, but a hard limit of 1mb doesn't allow enough transactions to make bitcoin broadly useful regardless of how high the transaction tax is.
And by broadly useful I don't mean people being able to buy coffee with it, I mean people being able to use it like western union.
The price of a transaction will certainly increase with demand, but with a fixed tiny supply of transactions to sell, just getting bitcoin on/off exchanges could make it such that only trades well into thousands of dollars would be practical to execute.  This would hurt liquidity and could eventually cripple bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-03-15 21:23:20
except 10,000 bits is less than 10,000 USD.
@_date: 2017-05-07 02:24:49
As a store of value, you still need to be able to transfer to/from somewhere to buy/sell occasionally. The block chain doesn't currently support enough transactions for large numbers of people doing that periodically. If you had a hundred million people who wanted to a transaction per month, they couldn't... And that has nothing to do with fees, that many transactions isn't supported right now. It's a hard cap. 
Larger blocks isn't about buying coffee with btc, larger blocks is just about achieving widespread use as a store of value... Coffee would maybe possibly be lighting or one of these other ideas people talk about someday. 
But maybe also fees could stay under a hundred bucks per transaction long term with larger blocks. I don't want to have to pay that kind of money per transaction, or to have anyone with a tenth of a bitcoin not be able to sell it because it's worth less than the fee. 
@_date: 2015-03-05 02:29:41
Isn't GLD backed by real gold?  What leveraged paper are you referring too?  Margin accounts?
@_date: 2017-07-02 00:25:26
Your comments do sound hopeful.  I don't follow the mailing lists but I have seen enough people arguing in  on irc that HF will never happen and that core devs wouldn't let it.  Do you know of any public statements in support of a HF from core devs, or any time frame around when they'd be OK with actually pushing one forward and how much lead time they expect they'd need to give users to adopt it?
I can't imagine LN being the "cause" of mainstream adoption, though that's probably not really important to the topic here.  I'm also pretty skeptical about how much we'd actually realistically gain from LN for average users.
I have not ever seen any public indication of any concrete plan to hard fork coming from the core devs who have commit access to the reference implementation... and a hard fork is a difficult thing to do.  I know they are going to care about backwards compatibility and want to leave a long lead time for users to shift.... so I still don't see why they have not put anything forward to address this issue over this pretty long period of time.  If they did I'd be fully onboard with bitcoin and would have a lot less incentive to take interest in alts.
The on-chain scaling limitation seems like a major limitation to me (and you seem to agree) but I see plenty of nonsense from the small block camp claiming that everything will be fine just with LN, segwit, etc... or that extremely high fees is fine even if thousands of dollars because BTC "isn't meant for coffee" or that everyone who wants large*r* blocks is some "paid troll" or that miners and exchanges behind the push for larger blocks somehow don't count as "users" and only the core devs can tell us what "users" actually care about.  None of that is honest debate, but it's most of the debate I see from the small block camp.
As I was saying before, it wouldn't even have to be an actual block size increase to placate people like me... they can expire the current limit at some arbitrary block in the future.  That doesn't mean unlimited block size -- they can always re-introduce temporary block size limits again in the future as-needed with soft forks until they figure out what exact solution would be optimal long-term.
I also just don't even see the 1MB limit as a part of the protocol.  I see it as a temporary security measure included in what happened to be the reference implementation.  In my mind, if Satoshi had documented the bitcoin protocol itself, he wouldn't have included the 1MB cap.  I wish he had just set a max block until which it was effective and then we wouldn't be in this mess.  We might still have a 1mb cap if he had, but it could have been a series of expiring limits and there'd be a clear path to on-chain scaling beyond what we can squeeze out of protocol improvements.
@_date: 2017-07-01 01:30:56
I've never suggested not having level 2 solutions... I'm suggesting we get the core technology to a point where it would support the level of transaction throughput necessary to handle level 2 solutions.  1mb will let everyone on earth open a payment channel once ever.  That's not a viable back bone on which to build lightning network or anything else.
@_date: 2017-07-31 23:21:16
It's not November yet... 
@_date: 2017-07-01 01:46:35
There is no bitcoin use case that can scale to accommodate broad usage under the 1mb cap.  Segwit doesn't fix that.
@_date: 2017-07-01 01:33:21
Segwit2x would get us almost to WU *average* throughput, not peak capacity requirements.
@_date: 2017-07-30 13:26:29
Are you saying they shouldn't make this claim because there's a chance they wouldn't be able to honor it in the case of full blocks?
They do what they can.
@_date: 2017-07-01 01:34:40
I don't think anyone considers visa scale on-chain to be a realistic option.  on-chain doesn't come close to supporting western-union like use cases, nor does it scale to support opening/closing LN channels.
@_date: 2017-07-01 01:37:00
to settle LN channels on the block chain you need to be able to open and close LN channels at least once.  Just to have 100M people each open and close a LN channel would take about a year at 7tps.  Facebook has billions of users.  Small blocks are not realistically feasible to support anything at scale... not realistic for supporting "layer 2" solutions.
@_date: 2017-07-01 01:31:33
I have no interest in supporting visa scale on the block chain... debit/cc scale is irrelevant.
@_date: 2017-07-01 01:27:37
not really... you still have to be able to have everyone open a side chain.  Current capacity doesn't really support that.
@_date: 2017-07-01 10:43:43
We have a current cap of 7 tps.  With segwit maybe we get 14.  For 100 million users to open and close a single LN payment channel it would take about six months at 14tps with every block full and no other transactions ever hitting the block chain other than opening and closing of payment channels.  That's just arithmetic.
That's not a viable backbone one which to build any kind of layer-2 solution.  
FB has billions of users.  There needs to be some surge capacity besides just having every block full all the time even in slow periods and people waiting months to open or close a chanel.  There are other transactions besides LN channel openings/closings.  Segwit doesn't fix this, it just provides a tiny bit more capacity.
@_date: 2017-07-01 01:49:07
It's not your call either.  The technology does not support debit/cc scale.  It just doesn't.  There's no point arguing whether we "want" it to support debit/cc like transaction scale if it can't.  It's also not even practical.
@_date: 2017-07-06 11:27:42
...and how many transactions per year do you think the blockchain supports if adopted widely?
7 transactions per second works out to about 220 million transactions per year.  If we had a billion users, each user would be able to transact once every 4-5 years, not 2-3 times per year.
The first problem bitcoin needs to solve is to figure out how to let large numbers of people participate at least a few times per year, not to figure out how to let existing participants transact frequently.
@_date: 2017-05-26 01:39:13
western-union scale is not supported.  If western-union style $25-fee international wires are included in "petty" transactions, what could you possibly think should be the purpose of BTC?
@_date: 2017-07-04 18:19:04
What problem will LN/sidechains solve?  Coffee?  The blockchain doesn't have enough capacity for a large number of users to move coins in/out of cold storage or in/out of exchanges.  Using LN/sidechains for putting coins in cold storage doesn't seem practical.
Segwit alone less than doubles the transaction throughput, and my understanding is that it requires 4x the data. I realize segwit is useful at the protocol level, but it doesn't scale the actual blockchain to a point where any practical use case would work broadly.
@_date: 2017-07-01 10:39:48
If there is a reasonable use case that fits in the block chain, increasing fees will push debit/cc like usage off the block chain.  That doesn't cause bitcoin to collapse.
@_date: 2017-07-01 01:44:36
If you agree that to support LN and other layer 2 solutions we need larger blocks, why not argue for that now?  The longer we wait and ingrain ourselves in this idea that a bitcoin HF can never happen, the less likely it's going to be for BTC to survive.
I want block size increases to be feasible or I lose confidence in bitcoin and its community and politics and developers.  Segwit doesn't fix that.  If core even just left the 1mb limit but made a backwards-incompatible change such that in the reference client it expires one year from now... and then made a series of soft forks to add temporary block size caps, I'd be fine... even if those soft forks re-introduced 1mb caps.  Then we have flexibility and a path forward.  Right now it looks like we'll never get anywhere close to what would be required even to support layer-2 solutions, and so it seems like anyone in the crypto space will ultimately have to move to alts that already scale to support these use cases.
You could build something like LN on litecoin or ether or whatever.  With permanent 1mb blocks you can't ever actually scale *any* imaginable use case that depends on the bitcoin block chain.
@_date: 2017-07-01 10:58:36
I think you're confusing "profitable" with "generating positive cash flow."  They're not the same thing.
@_date: 2017-07-01 01:53:04
the base layer has to have enough capacity to support the second layer though.  Bitcoin currently does not.
@_date: 2017-07-01 01:28:57
because it's a trivial use case that I think everyone should be able to agree bitcoin should be able to support on chain.  It's not "buying coffee," it's not "visa," it's not "everyone doing whatever they want," it's not ico's, ... it's just an existing infrequently used expensive means of transferring larger sums of money internationally.
@_date: 2017-06-20 11:17:13
The actual bitcoin community wants to be able to use bitcoin 
@_date: 2017-06-20 23:02:31
Why are you so opposed to a measly two mb block? You really think everything will be fine with just Segwit and lightning? 
How long would it take for 50 million users to open lightning channels with Segwit and 1mb blocks, with zero non-lightning transactions? A month? Two months? You really think that's a viable blockchain? It's not remotely usable and bitcoin scaling has hit a wall. 
@_date: 2017-06-11 12:14:17
Lol, will up vote then
@_date: 2017-06-20 03:00:00
I completely and wholeheartedly believe this,  but I'm still a "big blocker."
The issue is that it's not about buying coffee. It's about reaching something like a western union scale. Even with Segwit, on chain transactions don't scale close to western union transaction volumes. 
Every small block person I've talked to seems to think we could have broad adoption and still do useful things with the existing block chain tech... Adding  "buying coffee" with a lightning network or other off chain systems. The math doesn't add up though. I don't get it, since these are smart people and the scalability of the network is orders of magnitude away from doing anything like that. 
We couldn't compete with western union at economic prices even with Segwit *and* 2mb blocks... But that would hold us over for a while. 
