@_author: nakamotos
@_date: 2014-12-01 17:23:05
 will bring it to fruition. This is just notice to the world that the project is here and it will bring about a true global currency that will bring equality to everyone. 
It is also a warning that all existing crypto is corrupt by intelligence organizations.
The project has been named, the future sites will exist and bring to the world this idea. Then it is up to the people to force the UN to accept the new nation that will be be created to operate the remote server locations.
Once the land is in place, the servers and network will go live and the wallets will be released bringing an equal share of a new global wealth to every person on the planet.
This GCF (Global Credit Fund) will create it's own currency in which the poor of the world will be able to use it feed themselves. In time the value of these 10 billion credits will be understood by the old guard who will quickly try to acquire as much of the credits as they can. However, these wallets will be monitored and revoked if they are caught violating the manifesto and principals of the project.
This is about bringing equal wealth to every human on the planet not creating massive wealth for a few. It is the greatest human rights project ever undertaken.
Feel free to copy the manifesto exactly as is and distribute.
That is how you do you part to bring this project to reality.
The people will force the UN to accept into its body the new global government that will own the lands where the 9 servers are located. Renewable energy will be used so it is self contained. The network will possess 1% of all wealth to maintain the network and transaction fees are zero if the network acquires over 1% of the credits. Credits will buy new equipment and bandwidth.
It will work if enough of humanity embraces this idea to feed the hungry and bring equal wealth to everyone.
Wealth should not be what a few possess, that is wrong. The planets wealth is the peoples wealth and this concept is not a revolutionary idea, it is a basic human right that the powers that be try to destroy.
The people have the right to be fed and to have equal distribution of wealth.
This is the path to that utopian ideal.
@_date: 2014-12-01 15:48:59
People can agree to do whatever they do as a trade or profession in exchange for whatever fraction of these 10 billion credits that will exist only in consumer wallets. Let the corporations have their worthless fiat and banks that use corrupt digital credits now that centralized governments can create as much as they want.
10 Billion credits  is the new currency credit system and they cannot be bought, every person that lives upon this planet will be given 1 full credit in a wallet that is assigned and reserved for every person on the planet. The birth right of every human is to possess an equal share of this new currency system. Every human is entitled to their 1 credit share.
This system was designed to give the people of the world a chance to take and hold their rightful asset, an equal value of the world’s new wealth. If you grow crops, then you can trade your crops for fractions of these credits owned by other people like you. If you teach math, music or art, you can accept fractions of these credits owned by other people like you.
If your wallet is connected to any type of exchange trading worthless fiat for your credit, your wallet in the network will be revoked. The system will not allow any exchange or government or business to control the new network and it will not allow any type of exchange to try to set a price as to its value.
Every human that exists on the planet has one credit and if you divide it wisely it can last you a lifetime. Likewise, if you begin to accept as payment for whatever you do in life a fraction of these credits, you can acquire something of value that will never be controlled or manipulated by any government or corporation. Every human that is born in the future will be given a free wallet that will contain a tiny fraction of the extra credits the network will have from the 10 Billion credits the network will initially issue, that is all the credits that will ever exist in the network, that being 10 Billion Credits. Approximately 7 Billion humans now exist so the network will have 3 Billion extra credits that can be equally divided for ages to come at the rate of .000000000001 credit per new wallet issued to new humans born after the first genesis wallets are released. So trillions of humans can be born and all of these humans will have a wallet issued with a tiny fraction of one credit. The 3 billion credits not assigned in the original wallet disbursements can last for many thousands of years and fund trillions of new human wallets.  The first generation of wallet owners funded with a whole credit may allow their wallet to be used to fund the wallets of their heirs. This will promote a desire for all humans to value the credits in their wallets and spend them wisely.
Governments are not allowed to hold wallets in this network, but every person in any government as well as every person on the planet has a pre-assigned wallet with only 1 credit in the wallets.
If a person finds locally another person that doesn’t want to use their wallet with their 1 credit, an individual may give that person whatever they want for this single credit. If a wallet ever reaches a zero balance, that wallet will be closed and that person will have no way to participate ever again in the network. So you should always maintain at least a tiny fraction of a credit in a wallet. 
This system of currency was envisioned to give humanity its equal share in the wealth of the world. There will only be 10 Billion Credits issued in the network and they will only be issued 1 Credit at a time to every person on the planet. Companies, Corporations and Governments will have neither credits nor wallets. Let the old system of power have their worthless fiat currencies and banks. So now there exists a new global currency in which every person on the planet has an equal value, everyone starts off with the same equal share of a new currency, for the first time in the history of mankind everyone has an equal share of wealth. 
This system was envisioned to give the people of the world what their birth right entitles them to, a fair share in the wealth of the planet distributed equally to all people. Let the old world’s governments and corporations keep their old worthless fiat systems that are mostly digital anyway. They only have worth due to YOU the PEOPLE of the planet thinking they have value or worth.
The GLOBAL CREDIT FUND is for the people of the world. Everyone that exists now on the planet has an equal share of this new wealth; it is the wealth of the people of the world. It will exist soon and then you can claim your wallet and use it wisely. You can also use it foolishly and give it away and even sell it for fiat. However, any credits found to be sold on any type of fiat exchange for the credits of the network will end up being revoked by the network. The network is designed for humans to interact locally with each other and trade these rare credits for whatever they do in life. The idea is TO CREATE SOMETHING with your lives, something of VALUE. Right now most of the developed world has lost its path, they create nothing of value, they have no real skill and they do not grow food or teach a real subject that defines the human experience such as music and art.
Relearn how to grow food, how to create art and how to make music. Use these new global credits to help feed yourself. Give these credits in your mind a value so one credit must last a whole lifetime. What do you need in our local fiat currency to feed yourself for a lifetime or to feed your family?  In many parts of the world you still grow your own food and you know how to trade in your village amongst your fellow villagers. Modernized nations have lost this skill and they will not survive any major chaos in the weak currency systems they have in place now.
Growing your own food and trading it for whatever you need in your village, will ensure you survive in a future where currency chaos is inevitable. The new GLOBAL CREDIT FUND is the first global currency system designed to outlast every currency in existence, yet, I suggest you try to relearn the art of bartering for something YOU GROW or TEACH or CREATE.
So think of this new Global Credit Fund as having a value in the future of one million or even ten million of whatever fiat currency you now use. So if you use these credits, a tiny fraction at a time such as .000000000001 the end result is you should be able with such a tiny fraction to do a substantial trade. Perhaps a loaf of bread or a large container of milk or a block of cheese for such a minor fraction to give the world a suggestion as to how they should view this credit in value. The one credit you will soon possess can last a lifetime if you use it wisely. Many will want to sell you food and services for fractions of your one credit. Value it as something that must last a lifetime.  The world can end hunger by having everyone assigned their wallet with one credit. 
Unfortunately not everyone in the world can now afford even an inexpensive mobile phone to connect to the existing internet, so if you like this new currency concept, I suggest the Supreme Council setup a donation platform so donations can be given to the Council to ensure when the network launches that those without an internet connection can be given a mobile device to connect to the network. Likewise in some areas remote renewable energy centers with internet will need to be set up to ensure that even the poorest people of the world can have access to their one credit and their individual wallet.
1% of the total credits issued by the network shall be kept in a network wallet for future costs including bandwidth and hardware upgrades. A rolling transaction fee of .01% shall be used for maintenance of the network which shall only be imposed if the network wallet drops below 1% of total credits issued by the network. If the network acquires more than 1% of all credits that are released, then that transaction fee should be rolled back to 0%. The network shall never acquire more than 1% of all credits issued as transactions fees. Transaction fees can be used to replace obsolete equipment of the network.
So the first stage of this project will be to have the United Nations recognize the project and the creation of the global nation that anyone can join after it exists can build the 9 quantum servers.
Then the network can launch and distribute the genesis wallets and credits.
Then the remote region distribution and network hubs can be installed so all people of the world can participate in the new currency system.
To outline this project.
1.	Adoption by United Nations of a new global nation that owns no physical land but will be used for a global credit fund.
2.	Acquire remote land in 9 regions that is then recognized as lands belonging to this new global nation.
3.	Build minor renewable energy plants to fuel the quantum server centers in the 9 regions.
4.	Bring on line the 9 quantum servers and OS that will operate the network. Generate first wave of wallets each containing 1 credit.
5.	Build remote energy centers and internet connections to allow remote peoples of the world to participate the network. 
