@_author: naked_short
@_date: 2013-03-29 17:15:40
We may view bonds and cash as operationally interchangeable in good times however this breaks down during periods of market stress. The argument that bonds are identical to cash just doesn't hold up when overnight repo blows out to 200bps. Then you find out really quick why that equivalency doesn't hold. 
Saying it isn't inflationary is also misleading. Of course it is inflationary but only when you think of inflation outside of the constraints of "consumer products" and think of the economy as a whole. What QE does inflate is asset classes. Why would the financial system bother loaning to people when it can buy up assets at a discount and accumulate wealth at a cost to the taxpayer? They wouldn't and that's why you get a widening equality gap. 
The problem with the economics profession is that they only look short term. Sure, if you look at data for the US and Japan or other countries that have been stuck in the same sort of liquidity trap then the numbers bear out, most of the time, that there is bond/cash equivalency. So after 10 years of data which breaks down completely during crises this becomes economic law? Bullshit. We've created a theory which explains a new phenomenon in the financial system but fails to incorporate everything we've learned over the previous centuries. This time is different? Yea, right ... 
@_date: 2013-04-01 17:22:27


Because bonds aren't zero yield and cash doesn't sit as zero-yield, it is put into repo, money markets and short-term unsecuritized lending. 


Wrong. The reason MMTers say that short-dated treasuries are cash equivalent is because their treatment of collateral is nearly the same as cash.  But they aren't the same and you can prove it by pointing out that their value as collateral is different. Argument over. 
We aren't talking about mom and pop's bond portfolio here. We are talking about the institutional shadow-banking system where treasuries primary use is as collateral - just like cash. What makes them different is their price. Bonds aren't zero-yield. If they made bonds that had the same yield as cash, then that would be cash equivalent. But they don't, so they aren't. The line is increasingly blurred as rates get lower. But this doesn't mean that these low rates will always hold. If confidence in the US is lost, rates would have to rise or inflation would be imminent. Just because confidence has held up for now, doesn't mean it always will. 
@_date: 2013-03-30 08:13:40
It is pretty simple actually. No one sits in cash ... they buy other securities or they put the cash into repo/money markets which are used to buy securities.
I understand the argument. Bonds can be used to purchase securities just as easily as cash. However, you can't treat bonds and cash as the same because they aren't the same. If you use bonds as collateral to purchase securities today and interest rates spike tomorrow, then you're fucked. You repost the value of the securities and take a bath in the process. The clearing price for purchasing securities with cash and with treasuries is different. I will pay more for securities if I'm posting agencies than I will if I'm posting straight cash. There in lies the difference. If Lehman blows up tomorrow then repo markets freeze and suddenly you're left holding a bunch of bonds when you need cash to fund your positions. Whoops ... better sell.
There's a reason why the Fed is doing QE. They know the difference between cash and bonds is small enough that they will only affect the financial channels. However, it is still inflationary and the channel can be altered as bankers have proven many times before. It may look like it is holding for now but I certainly wouldn't bet on it long term.