@_author: nalienffxi
@_date: 2017-08-17 18:09:54
I don't see any problems with credit and I'm actually surprised that Bitcoiners would have an issue with. I suppose that sentiment stems from the hate of central banking?
In either case, credit in general is perfectly fine. Just like any other tool it depends on the user whether or not they will use it for good. Humanity wouldn't be where it is today without credit.
Although I wouldn't be surprised if we were much further with a decentralized money system.
@_date: 2019-06-24 03:32:34
He didn't exactly single out the media.
And his observation that one group of scientists gets paid to find out A while another group of scientists gets paid to find out the opposite of A is spot on.
You do know that sugar and tobacco was deemed healthy, right? And fat harmful, right? Or that the earth used to be thought of as flat?
@_date: 2019-04-25 18:58:37
Voluntary funding is called the free market. If it's not funded nobody wants it enough to find ways of funding it, argument over.
Governments and their taxes are analogous to the mafia and their protection rackets.
The only difference is that government evolved enough to brainwash people into believing that it's some sort of service to the citizens as a response to repeated assassinations monarchs and other dictators.
There's a reason why monarchs were replaced by oligarchs, makes it harder to get killed while ruling. Similarly there's a reason why there's the whole farce of democracy today.
It's simply there to keep up the same old extortion scheme without the backlash.
Just look at the data if you want the facts. Everything the government touches becomes exponentially more expensive while dropping like a rock in quality. The polar opposite of anything the free market engages in.
Meanwhile, social welfare and the resulting delegation of responsibility to figures of authority is directly responsible for the decline in IQ that has been going on since the 70s in the West.
@_date: 2018-02-06 05:32:09
This is a point that I've found fascinating for quite a while. The moment some random lab figures out how to synthesize gold in a cheap way it would become largely worthless (in terms of $). And given how every bit of progress spurts further progress in just about every area of research this isn't all that unlikely to occur one day either.