@_author: naltharial
@_date: 2018-06-14 18:59:22
What is even your point right now? Are you seriously saying it's impossible to move BTC/ETH/LTC between exchanges? What "tokens" are you even talking about?
BTC is as vulnerable to FRB as any other security. The link you posted is wrong. The fact that there's a few more hoops to jump through has nothing to do with the underpinning concepts of economy. Exchanges do this all the time.
And while you're there, there is no perfect fungibility with fiat by default. Go on, print your own ExhibBucks, let me know how fungible it is. There just happens to be fungibility for established currencies because of the state actors backing/guaranteeing it with their economic base. A state could declare insolvency at any point and retract that option. Just look at any hyperinflationary economy or anything with a gray market exchanges. Or even Cuba-like systems with convertible and non-convertible currency.
@_date: 2018-06-14 17:01:14
No, it is not. The terms of lease clearly specify a potential withdrawal delay and I fully intend to deliver on the terms when necessary, just like fiat FRB does. What you've done here is drawn a baseless legal distinction between the two for the sole purpose of demonizing FRB. In fact, if you as much as read about the history of [FRB on Wikipedia]( my example about gold *literally happened before central banking even existed*.
It has nothing to do with coordinating any sort of money supply. Just banks trying to get investment returns on money. Couldn't care less about monetary supply.
Look, as I said, these are lines peddled by people who don't know anything about economy. Do yourself a favor and read up on the concepts you're talking about. You'll see that none of this is new and there's no problems to solve here.


Uh, what? You can't transfer BTC between exchanges? You can even transfer Tether, which is a completely made up token. I'm not sure where you're going with this.
@_date: 2018-06-14 23:55:57




I give up, you're obviously not getting it. There are no tokens necessary anywhere in the process and you're just introducing them to obscure the issue over and over again. The act of depositing a currency on the exchange and trading it is entirely sufficient for the exchange to make its own trades with it on the mass of deposits.


Just like Tether.


Pick up an economy book. This is too much irony for me.
@_date: 2018-06-14 11:06:45


Well that's an article that went out the window as soon as exchanges happened.
@_date: 2018-06-14 15:00:10


Really? Because all exchanges do this and there's plenty of them still working. You can't tell me with a serious face that Bitfinex doesn't fall under the most obvious example of it.
FRB is also not an issue if you know how large-scale markets work. you can FRB bars of gold if you have a large enough lending base, it has nothing to do with fiat (though fiat does make it quicker and easier). I can decide to lend the same bar of gold to 10 different people if none of them claim possession of it immediately. That's all FRB is.
@_date: 2018-06-14 17:55:18
Nope. You're just conflating what banks are doing right now (and certain approaches to it that are illegal) with the overall concept.
And even if it is illegal, who cares? My point is that fiat currency and FRB have nothing to tie them together, it just so happens to be the most effective combination. It can be illegal under threat of death penalty and it changes nothing to disprove your idea that BTC is somehow immune to FRB, when you can do it with literally anything you can lend.