@_author: namelost
@_date: 2017-12-04 19:41:11
Derp, I did not realize there are separate posting per day! 
@_date: 2017-12-04 19:17:48
I'm a big fan of [The Geek Group National Science Institute]( Their case for support is better than anything I can say.
The Geek Group National Science Institute was established in 1994 in Grand Rapids, Michigan as a mechanism for students to obtain direct access to science and technology. Since then, TGG has grown into a primary resource for individuals, groups, employers, and families seeking innovative educational options, 21st century skills, vocational training, self-paced learning, and unique STEM programming.
TGG is driven by a passionate Board of Directors and enthusiastic staff, representing a diverse background in education, technology, industry, and training. In our 22 years of service, we have made tremendous progress in our vision to provide educational parity and accessibility for any interested individual seeking new learning opportunities. With continued support, TGG can pursue our goal to facilitate education that meets the needs of the individual and community in a flexible and open environment, free of access barriers.
The Need
By the year 2030, 50% of jobs that exist today will be made obsolete by developing technologies  and we do not yet know exactly what jobs will take their place. Education can no longer be a singular event in a person’s life. It must be continuing, agile, accessible and relevant to allow people to adapt to constantly changing societal expectations. Systemic barriers make it difficult for underserved populations to not only access the education and training they need, but to ensure they receive a current, competitive education.
Role of TGG
The Geek Group’s role in science and technology is to provide direct accessibility and  opportunities for education, vocational training, recreational learning, and program development through implementation of direct services for the classroom, at home, and at our central campus. TGG operates programming that assists K-12 classrooms, post-secondary education, and adults seeking training or retraining. We believe education should be a lifelong endeavor, and should be a collective effort between educators, industry, individuals, and local neighborhoods. This positions TGG as a credible, necessary partner in education, both in Michigan and nationally.
Our Vision – Agile Education
Join us in bringing to fruition our comprehensive approach in optimizing community impact and creating direct access to education for every age and walk of life. Key components of our three-year plan include:
Capacity Building for TGG
Strengthening direct services and community impact for underserved populations
Serving as the backbone organization for cooperative efforts in supplemental education
Aligning with partners to develop and sustain curriculum that is consistently relevant and necessary
Become Part of the Change
The key to a sustainable career path is continuing education that fits the specific needs and goals of the individual. You have an opportunity to help build direct pathways to success for our community – through annual giving, partnership or sponsorship. TGG’s passionate supporters are a crucial part in transforming the static educational options currently available into dynamic, lifelong instructional environments around the country.
Education is the single biggest key to opportunity in life. It must be available to every person, regardless of age, gender, socioeconomic status, or previous educational history. We invite you to review our Case for Support and learn more about how you can become part of the change to help The Geek Group in our life-changing mission.