@_author: names_and_faces
@_date: 2014-07-11 17:20:23
Lol some shill at the Islamic State (ISIL homepage I gues) praised BTC and specifically Darkwallet, saying it is a great way for people to fund the "Mujahedeen"
fucking hilarious, considering everyone in the know is laying out that ISIL was funded and armed by Turkey and the US, and they were trained in Jordan in 2012 under US protection to fight Assad.
I really fucking doubt the mercenary Jihadis we hired rely on BTC donations, they seem to be doing just fine financially
Interesting article, but I think it underlines that Darkwallet and even BTC itself are not the end all solution to the fucked up world we live in. We obviously need a sort of paradigm shift, which I do believe is underway to some extent.
I think our biggest problem is that the tool that is bringing about real intellectual change, the internet itself, is systemically corrupt. Every competent ITalien will tell you that the very backbone of the www is controlled by the powers that be, and this is the main reason why it is possible to surveil us all so "easily"
Without a free internet, all of these projects will be short-lived. The most important goal imo should be the creation of a series of interlinked, publicly held meshnets, something that is already going on in many places around the world (taaki Uses GuiFi in spain f.e, an impressive network and a step in the right direction).
We need to bring the same decentralization that is so highly lauded in the software world down to the hardware level.
There are so many technologies that are enabling this springing to life around us, Ive recently heard that you can get a Mb/s over long-wave radio with the right gear?!
Things like this are equally if not more important than amazing software like Darkwallet, tumblers, p2p markets, etc.
Never forget who made the "internet" and do not trust fools that are throwing around buzzwords like "net neutrality" and "packet equality"
@_date: 2014-07-13 21:29:26
huh, very interesting. I glanced at gavins page yesterday, I will definitely give it a more detailed look. 
I was not aware that hopping around on a mesh is a pain in the ass, most of what you hear is pretty positive, even claims that it rivals a standard DSL connection. I have not done it myself however, and most articles about the topic are pretty positively biased. I hope to be in Spain sometime this year, so ill get some hands on time with gui-fi.
Definitely worth considering, thanks for pointing this guy out to me.
The FUTURE IS HERE(sort of)
@_date: 2014-07-12 21:12:19
Damn, and here I thought I was thinking big...
I havent heard of gavin but theres that "outernet" program someone was going on about recently..
All in all I would not say that satellites are automatically superior however, firstly the ping is absolute balls, best theoretical ping to a sat is a believe 240ish, speed is not too impressive either. Secondly its not exactly lowkey if you get my gist...
I think establishing a meshnet would be more a matter of slowly plastering your city with well placed Wireless antennas, that way you could stay well under the radar until a lot of people are using the network and it becomes essentially impossible to shut down.
A sat brings everything back to one point, the sat could go down, hell they could probably mosey right on up to it and attach something to intercept all traffic at the source..
Maybe sometime in the future when the powers that be are not breathing down everyones neck something like this would be feasible, but for the time being I think it would be wiser to look towards second and even thirld world countries for inspiration, some of the ad hoc networks there are truly impressive in a variety of ways.
check out the [Gui-Fi Map]( f.e...
thats pretty damn impressive, if the state ever tried to step in and shut something like this down, it would be a fucking nightmare for all but the most totalitarian govs
@_date: 2014-07-12 13:16:23
DO IT.
This shit is going to become so important down the line, there is no doubt in my mind that once the powers that be figure out there is no stopping BTC and similiar tech on the software front, they are going to attack with more physical means.
Access to a meshnet that allows connecting to the internet and to intranets would be a viable fucking business model if you could protect it from the state and its cohorts, it wouldnt even have to be some idealistic "free" setup, you could easily charge for it if it was cheaper and less hassle then getting barebacked by the usual providers.
The problem would be creating local infrastructure to support a thriving network, but that is by no means insurmountable even for individuals
a few countryside districts here in germany are doing this(im looking into german Freifunk atm) and the goto program for meshing seems to be Cjdns, according to (im not quite so sure it is the best choice however)
I honestly dont know shit about network traffic, but I dont need to to know how important this will be in the long run, and the beauty of our present society is that everyone is able to autodidact if he has a computer and puts his mind to it..