@_author: nanoship
@_date: 2013-12-09 16:31:49
Thank you. So, we can agree it's needed. Outside of using the moot service, what would you suggest as a means for shipping packages in a system where the couriers and shippers do not meet? 
Thank you.
@_date: 2013-12-09 05:26:31
This is still a concept. We have not listed every possible detail in the name of the preservation of some level of opportunity at the end of this campaign, and there are some things we just choose not to discuss. Insurance, prevention and risk aversion have to be part of any endeavour. 
Where would the couriers leave packages, and how could they guarantee that the supply chain continues? Who pays for the space? The containers? How is it explained what it is, anonymously? There are still risks of the package being stolen while unattended, or drawing attention as an unattended package. These questions have been considered when contemplating drop-off boxes and eliminated for now.
There are risks with mailing illegal items with the current postal system, AND IT BRINGS EVERYTHING TO YOUR DOOR. People need and use the current postal system as a means to send mail everyday and it is not perfect. We view Nature and the Universe as being as perfect as perfect can materialize, but as well as it works, and for how long it has worked, it is still possible to find fault. Where do Humans fit in? Mosquitoes?
We have also chosen to include a few middlemen as possible between the involved parties after a series of learning experiences when trusting data and services to centralized parties and systems. 
If I understand it correctly, The service you mentioned has since revised their system but was originally going to KEEP the destroyed coins. That does not give us a feeling of removed risk, and before a complete evolution of consciousness in this world, we do not beleive in practically removing all risk when humans are involved. 
We are choosing instead a de-centralized, mutual escrow system and other things to reduce risk. 
NanoShip is a much needed, new service and like any entity will grow and evolve.
Merci et bonne journée!
@_date: 2013-12-09 20:51:31
Thank you for the input and ideas. Being also a concept, it will require more work to get it to the place of getting out the tool set, but it does bring about interesting points.
This is intended to be a distributed, democratic system, and much of what happens will come from the people involved, which I like.. It seems like the only way forward, really. Ubuntu...
Have a great day!