@_author: napoleondolomite
@_date: 2017-12-23 05:21:01
I don't think we would really need a central authority to help reduce the amount of inflation that a crypto gets, I just think we need to make it closer to gold.
First though, the hype will need to die down a bit and people will need to stop expecting massive returns. Gold has seen price spikes before, but nothing like this as far as I can remember! I think once the "newness" of cryptos wears off then we'll be halfway there.
Second, I think the key will lie with mining. Currently the algorithms are designed, as far as my knowledge goes and I could be wrong, to be time based, causing a steady trickle regardless of demand. With gold, spikes in price cause older mines to be reopened due to them being profitable again (I come from a gold mining area, so I saw this first hand during the recession) increasing supply thereby reducing spikes to some degree. 
Crypto would benefit by not being tied to time as much as demand as well. To do this, mining should be easier, but each coin should be worth far less due to greater supply. Then, as prices increases, we would expect more people to mine, increasing supply and flattening prices once more until it ceases being profitable to do so. Of course, mining would also need to be difficult for one person to do, so something to prevent ASICs and GPU mining would likely be needed as well, and if it could be restricted to cell phone mining to ensure that most of the world has an equal chance in generating supply, I think we'll be really close to having something.
Now don't get me wrong, these are all just musings at this point, so I could be wrong as all hell in practice!
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:34:06
I don't believe in the long term success of Bitcoin, but I do believe in the long term success of crypto. I think once we have one that can avoid the rapid price swings it'll start to overtake fiat money.
That said, I have no intention to sell any of my crypto right now.
@_date: 2017-12-22 22:11:55
Understandable, and currently I would agree. For me, I think fiat could be dethroned, but not necessarily in a stable economy like the US or EU. I think a stable crypto will probably start shining in a place like India first, where issues like demonetization have weakened the currency, or in a developing nation where trust is more limited in the ruling class to not devalue a currency for political gain. I fully admit I could be way off though, but I think it's a fun guessing game.