@_author: napracan
@_date: 2013-11-25 22:11:21


No law in particular. One example would be a bill that aims on subsidizing certain companys deemed important for the national economy. These corporations could be banks, insurance companies, whatever... The individuals involved in these companies profit enormously from this law. Friedman asks why wouldn't this law always pass? The people have no influence on the decision making about this law other than basically to voice their opinion against it - something that takes effort to have an impact. Something that Friedman points out is taking a chance to earn 1 buck/hour. The companies can lobby, throw money at politicians, influence the media and create PR to make people think its a good law, they can do this if they deem that the money they lose by doing all this is less, than the money they would gain from this law. And of course it is.
Companies love when governments grant them monopolies, lower their taxes and subsidize them. Politicians love to have wealthy campaign donators when the system gives people the permission to influence things after the next four years by voting. Its a match made in heaven. People complain about this kind of corporate corruption all the time and usually note something akin to "and this is why I hate capitalism!". But it has nothing to do with capitalism. The only reason this kind of corruption is possible, is because the government has a monopoly on power and coercion, it creates a situation where people want to buy favors from them.
Lobbying regulation won't fix it because the only thing you're doing is making the "donations" off the books. So instead of having a system where you know that corporations influence law making and you know *what these corporations are*, you would now have a system where you know corporations influence law making and you have *no idea* who's pulling the strings. This corruption is inherent in the power structures of representative democracy.


As opposed to artificially upheld monopolies equal competition definitely improves things. Especially when talking about law enforcement. Police brutality is extremely common but nobody would stand for that kind of behavior if they could opt out from it and stop the harassment. I don't know if you've ever gotten into an encounter with the police but I have. It's not pleasant. They do everything in their power to intimidate and harass you and the people near you and are in general on a power trip.
The poor people can afford protection because of competition. They also wouldn't pay taxes and would have extra money in their pockets. In addition to that the government police targets the poor minorities disproportionally. They profile and focus on poor areas because that's where you find the most crime: for example because *underground economies* (ie drugs) have low barrier to entry and therefore benefit poor communities significantly more than the "wealthy" ones. Coincidentally (not) these counter economies are illegal. Governments systematically push the poor and immigrant minorities to specific areas (e.g public housing) and then send the police to patrol these neighbourhoods to make their numbers look better. The current system is rigged against the poor.  If you want more info on this you can watch Eugene Jarecki's brilliant documentary *The House I Live In*; it has quite an extensive part just about this.
In short: if you want protection for poor people, the government police is not your friend. If you are an immigrant, an ethnic minority or poor, the government police is your worst enemy because they are making profit by throwing you into prison.
Regarding the Hungarian Guard Movement... I don't know too much about it but this is the first thing on their wikipedia site:  "Hungarian Guard Association was a nationalist organization in Hungary related to (and allegedly funded by) **the Jobbik party**".
Not exactly free of governmental influence. Put to place by a political party to serve political ends; something that wouldn't really make sense in a stateless society. These thugs are the kind of dangers that people would hire protection agencies to guard themselves against in a free society. It is also worth noting that the Guard Movement did not come into being in a free market society.


You are. What kind of qualities would you like to see in a private security firm? You wouldn't pick a company, whose security guards violently beat people up for no reason and who are racist, to protect you. Those kind of companies wouldn't exist because nobody would pay for them.


Legally forbid how? In a stateless society you can't just go around creating universal vice laws. No security agency would instigate violence or harassment against a customer of another security company, which is exactly what they would need to do in order to prevent the drug dealer from running his business. Violence is expensive. A reasonable security agency that wants to make profit would not risk violent confrontation just because one of their customers doesn't like the business idea of somebody else. In a free society very few people would use violence "just because they can", unless they don't have to worry about consequences, like the government police. Though in a free society violence would always have consequences for the initiator.


It is not anybody's *right* to have zero business competition, like in the example you gave. Non Aggression Principle is important for anarcho-capitalists. "Security" agencies that would actively try and infringe on other people's freedoms would have little to none paying customers. People simply don't like when they are funding organizations who are *the aggressors* against others - just like you said you wouldn't be happy if your tax money goes to funding wars. These oppressive security firms would be seriously outnumbered by agencies that promise to exercise their power only to defend their customers.


The kind of provocative language is exactly what I don't like about that site, but linked it anyways. The point still stands: It doesn't matter what you think about when you pay your tax. You are still being threatened to pay it. If you don't pay it, the government will forcefully forfeit your posessions and throw you into a cell against your will.
Please note that voluntarists are not opposed to taxes because they think they do no good, but simply because they don't agree with the coercive element of taxes. Most of these people, myself included, would still give a major part of their income to charities and causes that benefit "the common good". It's an argument about whether government has the right to *order* us to give money, as opposed to us giving the money voluntarily.
Interestingly enough, taxes are exactly what some people think will eventually lead to a stateless society. With cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin it's easier to avoid your taxes and in addition create whole economies beyond government reach. You say that the sentiment on this forum is a different one but that's at least partly because people think that being "selfish" or profit seeking is exactly what helps improve society in this case.
If people are switching to emerging crypto economies it directly undermines the state and many of these people believe this is a good thing. "A stateless society is a better society" so just by participating they are making everyone a favor.


My apologies, these ones were easy to find and as I wasn't quite sure what kind of material you would prefer I tried to diversify a bit. Of course if you really want to get 'to the source' I suggest reading the works of anarchist/libertarian philosophers/economists.
Ugh, a wall of text!!! I got a bit carried away. I like discussing politics and don't mind this sort of thing. Sorry if you do. I really must say I appreciate your curiosity, it is a fine quality to have.
@_date: 2013-11-25 14:26:51
Thank you also for responding! If you don't mind I'd like to provide you with some resources about non-statist ideas and maybe help you understand better why many of the responses you get seem to you as you say "a bit too paranoid" or extreme. Please keep in mind that I don't want to impose my views on you or try to convert you, I simply want to make it easier for you to understand the philosophical background of these reactions so you can stay more informed and in the end make your own mind. So, here we go:
[Patri Friedman, a short case against democracy]( Self explanatory really, applies to all democracies.
[Nozick's Tale of the Slave]( Illustrates how democracy can be seen as a coercive system, even though it has its upsides. Nozick makes the point it is still morally wrong to have a system that you cannot voluntarily leave and that this is not true freedom.
[Youtuber lengthyounarther highlights faults in democracy]( A bit american centric, but still interesting and has many good points. Points out as well that democracy is not voluntary.
[The study of governmental problem solving]( Very thorough, provides a lot of resources and explanations on e.g. how currently government funded services like police or health care would work in an anarchist society. Worth a read.
[The Machinery of Freedom]( A youtube video on how for example contracts and defence would be organized without government.
[A quite comprehensive list of statist fallacies against anarchism]( I´m sure once you read more about these political ideologies you come up with many objections against them. Many of those objections are addressed here. It´s sometimes a bit too biased or provocative but it has lots of good stuff as well.
Im sure that will keep you busy for a while, if you´re interested. Even if you don´t agree it never hurts to find out more. At least then you can make your case against us more eloquently, something which is always sorely needed in political debates.
Mind if I ask you where you come from? I would quess either scandinavia or Benelux? I´m originally from Finland. Started out believing the ´success story´ of a nordic welfare paradise but the more I read the news and find out about politics the more dissapointed I get. The waste of our tax money to EU, the economic bailouts, spying, the corruption... The governments of the world are responsible for so much horrendous stuff going on all the time.
I believe in voluntarism and don´t think anyone has the right to impose their rules and regulations on anybody else. I don´t believe in coercive force. Your concerns about plutocracy and the rest while sincere may not be as well founded as one would think.
I wish the best of luck to you my friend! I always welcome the opportunity to discuss these matters and hold no ill will towards anyone, no matter their political views.
No matter what you believe I just beg you to keep an open mind. The responses you´ve seen here today may seem completely alien and extremist to you but behind every one of these comments there´s a story and some line of reasoning.
The monty python bit is unfortunately often too accurate. I appreciate your input!
@_date: 2013-12-01 15:22:41
No, thank *you* very much!!! I appreciate that you took the time to read what I wrote, very flattering. Cheers.
@_date: 2013-11-25 00:47:28


I know what you mean, really, I do. This is not sarcasm and is coming from somebody who also comes from a country with very high emphasis on taxation and social programs. That being said, hear me out.
You have to understand that this sentiment that scares you is not just some isolated mentality tied to Bitcoin. The ideological backgrounds of the community here are very tightly linked to various non-conformist philosophies like *anarcho-capitalism*, *crypto-anarchism*, *libertarianism*, *agorism*, *voluntarism* and so on...
Many of these ideologies are *non-statist*, meaning that they advocate the abolition of a state and believe in a free and voluntary society. They view governments as oppresive malicious entities that have a monopoly on force and use this to steal from their citizens (taxes) and dictate how people live their lives (drug and vice laws). If a citizen violates any of these arbitrary rules, the state will kidnap them and incarcerate them.
Bitcoin is relevant to all this because it allows people to circumvent the state imposed regulations that these people view as unjust and counterproductive to the health and well being of the economy and humanity as a whole.
Now, I don't want to start a political debate with you but I used to say the exact same things you do now, about taxes and welfare society... I have since changed many of these views. I used to view these ideologies as a strictly american phenomenon but many of the same problems they discuss related to immorality of democracy, government corruption and the rest apply worldwide.
Please do some reading and don't be afraid to find out new views. You can at least consider the arguments and see what you think.
EDIT: I would also like to apologize on behalf of some of the users here who are spouting their ideologies at you in a very rude manner. It's easy to get frustrated with mainstream opinions if your philosophy is only marginally relevant to most people. Please don't jugde the whole of these ideologies based on the encounters here, there is value to these ideas. As I already said, just do some reading and find out for yourself. Rauhaa.
EDIT2: You guys should also stop downvoting him. Just because he's not a hard core anarchist doesn't make him deserve the witchhunt. He even has the honesty to admit that these ideas scare him. That's okay. Remember the time when you still were a liberal socialist or whatever... ? Well that's where he is now, show some respect.