@_author: nas
@_date: 2017-12-03 20:47:40


Seems like a bad idea.  Can't the cheater get the reward and effectively not be punished?
@_date: 2017-12-14 20:53:31
Yeah, core doesn't have any responsibility for the current situation, right?  I don't know why people can't see through the bullshit.  First, "you can't raise the block size to 2 MB because it is unsafe and will increase centralisation".  Never mind that the witness data has to be sent over the network as well so the # transactions added by segwit is just as bad as adding another 1 MB to the normal block.  Then they give SegWit transactions a bonus in block weight because "reasons".
Can't you see they are trying to ram SegWit down everyone's throat, whether they like it or not?  Why would they be so absolutely focused on getting SegWit adopted?  Could it be that their business model depends on sidechains, not only being technically possible but also being economically necessary.
Now, I'm not saying SegWit is a bad thing or that Lightning is not interesting technology.  However, the continuous refusal to increase the block size over 1 MB is driven only by greed, not any technical reason.  The fact that they demonize and try to silence anyone who says otherwise is disgusting.
Now they have doing their dirty work.  The goalposts keep moving and now it is the exchanges holding back the SegWit blocksize increase.  Before it was those dirty miners.  Wait a few months they will have another excuse as to why it costs you 10 USD to make a Bitcoin transaction.
@_date: 2017-12-15 00:12:00
Claiming that larger blocks will be filled by spam is a weak argument.  Look at [Jochen's mempool charts](  You only have consider the top X megabytes of transactions.  All the rest is not going to get into a block.  If someone wants to spam, they have to pay a lot of money given current transaction volume.
With current BTC prices, miners are making gobs of money processing transactions.  Are you telling me they can't afford better hardware and better networks to handle anything bigger than 1 MB blocks?  I actually think increasing network traffic might be a good thing for reducing centralization in China.  If good network connectivity to the nexus of transaction generation becomes slightly more important, there could be reasons to put mining nodes nearer those locations, or at least within good network connection distance.  Right now, mining is 99% about cheap electricity and so it happens there.
Instead, core is like "poor miners, let them run on a Rasberry Pi and shoestring for a network".  Meanwhile, Bitcoin users are getting shafted by fees as high as anything the conventional banking system charges.  It is a failure of leadership and core gets the blame, IMHO.
Edit: just make it more clear, miners are making 25 BTC per block right now.  That's over 400k USD every 10 minutes at current prices.  For that money, they can only handle 1 MB per 10 minutes of transactions.  Really pathetic.  Instead of spending nearly all that reward on electricity to do more hashes/sec, could they be forced to buy some more disk space and more network bandwidth, in order to better serve Bitcoin users?  Something is rotten in the system, seems to me.
@_date: 2017-12-15 00:32:44




Hey, live and let live.  However, tying the success of Bitcoin as a technology to SegWit and Lightning is a fucking boneheaded decision.  If I was the boss of a technology company and my engineers pulled that shit, I'd be showing them the door right quick.  KISS.  Sure you can prototype your shiny new tech but don't put that shit into production until you are damn sure it is going to work.
The users are getting the shaft right now.  Most of them don't care because the price is going up.  If the price starts sliding and the mem pool is overloaded again, the shit is going to hit the fan.
@_date: 2014-12-04 01:12:25
I asked the same question to support but I will repeat it here, I think it is important.
How can I be sure the payment address shown in the web browser is actually
an address generated by the secret key?  If my browser or mytrezor
is hacked, isn't it trivial to do a MiTM attack and provide a evil
address?  I don't want to transfer my money to a hacker instead of
my Trezor.
@_date: 2015-01-09 21:54:37
Right.  They want to be trusted but not necessary have to store a bunch of coins.  Lots of transactions is what they want.
@_date: 2017-08-03 06:37:29
I am very far from an expert so I can't give you instructions.  Please consult a real expert.  I see now that BCC is supposed to have two-way [replay protection](  That would make it impossible for thieves to take your BCC transaction and copy into a BTC block in order to steal your BTC.
Personally I would feel more secure also moving my BTC to a new address that I control.  I think that would give an extra level of protection.  If the replay protection works then that move should not be necessary.
@_date: 2017-08-03 05:49:36


If my understanding is correct, you have done something very dangerous.  You have used the private key that controls transfer from your address (both BTC and BCC) to some other address that another person (or company) controls.  The transaction you sent was included in the BCC chain.  At this point there is nothing stopping the person controlling that other address from creating a BTC transaction that will be included in the BTC chain that will result in your BTC being sent to them.  They have the required signatures created using your private key to move your BTC to their address.
You have to properly split the coins first.  I've amazed that this hasn't  been more clear.  Maybe I'm missing something but I fear a lot of BTC will be stolen during this confusion.  Stolen by "fools" who are paying 0.15 BTC per BCC.  Jokes on you though when they take your BTC too.
I think your best action right now is to create a new BTC address that you control and send your BTC to that address.  If that transaction gets included in the BTC chain before a possible thief can get their transaction included, you will have dodged a bullet.  Their transaction will be rejected as a double-spend.  The fact that your wallet still shows those coins as belonging to you means that the thievery has not yet happened.
@_date: 2017-08-03 05:33:27
I think there is a more serious risk.  If I understand correctly, it is possible for people you send your BCC to could also steal your BTC.  You have to be extremely careful in how you do the transactions.  First, send your BTC to a new address that you control.  Wait for this transfer to confirm on the BTC network (6 confirmations?).  Then, you can use the old address to send BCC to where you want.
If you don't to this, the person receiving your transfer of BCC might be about to use your BCC transaction to create a BTC transaction that transfers your BTC to them as well.  I haven't seen this explained well (maybe I misunderstand the risk too).  I wonder if the reason for the relatively high BCC price is because the receivers are expecting to steal BTC after waiting a bit.
Edit: I see now that BCC is supposed to have "two way replay protection".  That should prevent the type of thief I describe.  Do it actually work?  I don't know.
@_date: 2019-10-19 00:30:55
It might be helpful to think of Lightning as a much better version of a traditional "gift card".  A gift card is a way to avoid the overhead and fees of the banking/credit card system.  You do one big transaction to buy the gift card (costs banking fees) and then a bunch of small ones with the balance on the card (does not cost fees).
Lightning works a bit like that (you make bitcoin transaction to setup Lightning channel) but is better in the following ways:
- your "gift card" balance is spendable at any merchant who support the Lightning protocol.  Doesn't even have to be a merchant, private people can accept Lightning payments too.
- you can transfer balance back on to your card (e.g. merchant gives you a refund or you sell something to a private person).
- you can get a refund of your gift card balance whenever you want (might take a few hours or days to get it back though).  This is unlike a traditional gift card with might have to be spent at the original merchant.
The downside to Lightning over bitcoin is that you have to setup your original card balance (i.e open channel).  That takes time and you have to put some thought into how much money you want to put there.  Also, if you want to liquidate the card (put bitcoin back into your wallet), it takes some time for the transaction to happen.  In exchange, you get extremely cheap transactions from your Lightning "gift card" to any merchant or person who support the Lightning protocol.
I'm not sure about other countries but here in Canada the supermarket has a whole section of gift cards you can buy.  E.g. Google Play credits, Apple credits, cell phone minutes, etc.  All of those cards could be replaced by Lightning.  It would be better for the person buying the card and it would also allow smaller merchants to take advantage of the low cost transactions.
@_date: 2017-04-07 16:51:18
Reverse engineering doesn't necessarily mean looking through a microscope at the chip.  Only an idiot would start at that level.  First, you look at any documentation you have for the chip.  Think hard about how it works internally and try sending it undocumented commands.  I'm pretty sure this is how the reverse engineering was done.  Saying it is not possible just shows that Sam Cole is not very smart about these things.
As others have pointed out, Bitmain already stated that ASICBOOST functionality was on the chip.  Trying to argue it is not possible is quite ridiculous.
Bitmain's argument on why it should not be soft-forked out is also ridiculous.  The soft-fork only removes covert use.  Also, if every miner gets a 30% boost, how does that change anything or increase the security of bitcoin?  The reality is that they invested wafer space on circuitry they claim to not be using.  The proposed change would make that investment useless unless they publicly show they are using it.  Bitmain strongly opposes such a change?  :thinking:
@_date: 2012-02-14 03:03:37
This type of question is why I hate the term "miner".  Things would be more clear if we said "transaction processor" or "transaction notary service".  Those services get paid with inflation right now (essentially a tax on all holders of bitcoin).  Eventually they will be paid with transactoin fees.  As long as a fees are sufficient to encourage enough "miners" so that the system cannot be attacked, everything works.
BTW, this is a [faq](
@_date: 2012-06-21 15:12:40
I'd say a major disadvantage is that it depends on hardware security.  If there is enough incentive then hardware can be cracked.  For an example, witness the cat-and-mouse game between satellite TV companies and pirates. In that case, the payoff is not even so high, cable is only worth a couple $50 - 100 per month per subscriber.
MintChip might be useful for small cash-like payments.  If the amounts stored on each chip is small and the hardware is well designed than hacking might not be economical.  I'd say it's no threat to Bitcoin but it might complement it.
@_date: 2012-12-17 03:05:41
That's very far from a certainty.  One way to think about it is that there are a fixed number of bitcoin created every day.  What those bitcoin are worth depends on the bitcoin exchange rate (e.g. to USD or whatever). Those bitcoin are divided among miners according to their hash rate.
If you increase your hash rate and everyone else's stays the same then you will get more bitcoin every day.  However, it seems likely that many miners will increase their hash rate as well.  Based on some rough calculations based on ASIC sale number rumors, the network hash rate could more than double just based on what has already been sold.
@_date: 2019-01-10 07:44:21
This is the kind of stuff we need if you want bitcoin to become valuable.  I tested it out with my daughter.  Sent her the URL to Thor.  She got the wallet installed.  I had to explain the necessity of keeping the 12 word key safe (she wanted to make a screenshot of it).  Then, I got her to make a receiving channel.  Sent her 10 USD from my Eclair wallet (Lighting channel open already for me).  She bought a Steam voucher and then got a Steam game.  Working pretty smoothly.
Edit: thanks for the token.  I wrote the comment above quickly but I wanted to add another thing.  I would like to explain to my daughter how she can use Lighting to do payments between people.  She works part-time as an artist, sometimes doing commissions.  Obviously getting paid for that is a challenge.  Bitcoin and Lightning is not mature enough that I think she and her friends could use it yet.  However, we are getting there and what Bitrefill (and  are doing are making a big difference.
It seems similar to the early days of the Internet.  I got on in 1992, when I started college.  At that time, it was complicated and obscure.  However, I could see this idea of "network of computer networks" was a huge deal.  It took decades to build a user friendly UI on top of that but the "networks of networks" still underpins the whole thing.  I think Bitcoin could be similar.  It is the bottom layer for moving money around electronically.  If it works (and I think it does), that's huge.  To get mainstream, we need user friendly layers on top.  Lighting is one.  There will be others.  I think we will get there but it will take years, probably decades.  Jeff Bezos is the richest man in the world right now.  He got there being early to understand the power of the Internet.  Who is going to be the Jeff Bezos of Bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-11-27 01:32:37
I looked at the Copay wallet data on my phone (you need root to see it, I used TitaniumBackup).  If you use a passphrase to encrypt your wallet then the backdoor doesn't have direct access to your wallet private key.  It seems Copay encrypts the wallet private key with AES using the passphrase.
So, starting a back-doored version of Copay and entering your wallet passphrase is exactly what you *should not* do since it would give access to the backdoor to your plaintext private key.  Better to wait for an official response from the app developer, install their update, then transfer. Or, if you want to be safe, extract the wallet data files like I did and extract the private key using other tools.
I poked around in the APK file from my phone.  I don't appear to have the backdoor.
For people wondering why we are stalling out getting to the moon, lack of a good Android wallet is one problem.  Is there anything that is user friendly and secure?  I haven't found it.
Another reason for no moon yet is that transaction fees are crazy expensive.  Lightning doesn't work yet, at least not for normal people.  When Andreas M. Antonopoulos doesn't accept Lightning payments, you know something is wrong.
@_date: 2012-03-14 03:50:03


That would make it a pretty horrible investment for that entity, wouldn't it?  Historically [cornering the market]( attempts have not ended well for the buyer.  I'm not concerned.
It's interesting that the market price has become quite a lot more stable.  I guess some would suggestion that trading like Bitcoinica offers helps. It definitely *should* provide more liquidity.
@_date: 2018-07-19 00:38:33
I feel like many people are failing to see the strongest application areas for Lighting.  Payment of something like airline tickets is not it.  Instead, think of micropayments. Think of things that are an order of magnitude too small to do with credit cards.  E.g. pay per news story, per Youtube video viewing, tips for twitch TV streamers.  Any place were advertising is the main revenue model could be a possibility.
@_date: 2011-06-08 03:23:19
The CBS reporting was pretty horrible.  The print (web) story is an abomination. Obviously they were hoping to have a juicy story about people buying illegal drugs with untraceable currency.
Jeff has been trying to push back on that idea (he did a short interview on BBC radio as well).  His point is that bitcoin is as traceable that cash, more so even.  You can make it hard to trace but that's not really part of the original design. 
That part in the print story about "co-operating with authorities" is some pretty pitiful reporting as well.  What he meant was that most(?) exchanges are attempting to follow the rules, for example, registering as a money service business.
@_date: 2011-07-27 05:01:22
Chargebacks spread through a financial system like a infection.  Imagine transferring from A to B to C.  If A allows chargebacks then B must allow it as well or wait until chargebacks are no longer allowed before transfering to C.  Now imagine what happens when chargebacks can happen for, say, 60 days and when money is moving around the system quickly.  Maintaining the chain of chargebacks must become quite complicated.
Chargebacks give some users warm fuzzy feelings (how do you prevent fraud?).  IMHO, the disease they case is worse than what they cure.
@_date: 2017-05-17 18:47:08
Here is an [older posting on it](  I guess we are at approximately 420 sat/byte right now.
The fees should be driven by basic supply/demand economics.  I.e. demand for block-space is going to drop as the price climbs higher and higher.  As a personal anecdote, I was using some of my bitcoin to by games on Steam.  With the wallet on my phone, it was easier and faster then using my Visa card.  With these fees, I'm not going to do that, too much overhead in fees.  Come on guys, we can do better than this!
@_date: 2017-05-17 22:40:42
Where do you see "wallet" anywhere in my message or any calculation for that matter?   I understand very well the difference between a wallet and a bitcoin address.  That fact that fees are higher than the value held by many bitcoin addresses is not a complicated fact to understand.  Actually, I have no idea what point you are trying to make.
@_date: 2017-05-17 18:14:07
"We can't scale "layer 1" beyond 7 transactions per second.  It's too hard to do and people could no longer run full nodes on a RasberryPI."
Has anyone got an up-to-date calculation of the number of bitcoins that are useless, i.e. fee higher than amount stored by address?  What a shit show.
If you want some dark humour, look at the [scalability]( wiki page.  Maybe they "improved" it now but it used to talk about scaling the "layer 1" network to handle thousands of transactions per second.  
@_date: 2018-12-14 02:28:08
Look up Cliff Stoll on Numberphile on Youtube.  He is an amusing character.
@_date: 2017-06-29 01:46:23
Nope, white plastic.  I think the metal ones were more money.  My memory is a bit fuzzy but maybe something like 1.5 BTC. 1 BTC was about 100 USD at the time.
@_date: 2013-02-02 19:42:03
I finally managed to convince walletbit to give me a payment address but at that point I  had no confidence that my money would get to where it was supposed to go.  What a clusterfuck.
walletbit has some nice stock photography on their page but they are obviously amateurs.  Avalon's web development skills are even worse (guess they are hardware guys).  Wordpress, are you serious?
Here's how I would have done it, after thinking for a few minutes (I'm sure there are refinements).  Generate a bitcoin payment address for each interested party.  Email each person an address with instructions: how much to pay, include their own refund address.  The first N (e.g. 600) payments to make into the blockchain win.  In the case of ties, select at random and refund the other funds.
@_date: 2017-06-28 21:29:49
I think I paid 1 BTC for mine.  On the back it has "First Edition" in fancy writing. :-)
@_date: 2013-12-04 00:29:44
I suggested using bitcoin to pay streamers, etc, years ago.  I thought it made sense since a lot of SC2 people had good video cards (this was way before ASIC hardware).  My post got immediately killed by moderators.
@_date: 2013-02-25 22:16:00
[Cornering-the-market]( almost always fails.  I'd expect it to fail pretty dramatically with bitcoin since there is quite a bit of public information about transactions.
Regarding a 51% attack, you must understand that successfully transferring funds requires control over the private key or breaking the algorithm (ECDSA).  The 51% attack only allows disruption of the block chain, undoing "recent" transactions and preventing future ones.  Very annoying but not a complete breakdown of bitcoin.  The cost of the attack is becoming extremely expensive with ASIC mining hardware becoming available.
@_date: 2013-02-25 21:04:33
I'm pretty sure they will eventually ship a working product.  The way they have conducted their business is pretty sad however.   Meanwhile, there appear to be [other products in the pipeline](  I can't find the posting by bitfury that provided some technical details but I think their process node size was similar or smaller than BFL.  There was a 28 nm SOI ASIC [revealed two days ago](
Many of these other products will probably not succeed.   However, I feel it's quite unlikely that BFL 65 nm chip will be the performance leader for long.  Avalon is likely already in the process of building chip using a more expensive process using funds from their second batch of the 110 nm chips.   With their chassis design, you would be able to install the new chips in the extra slot or use all four slots for new boards.  With BFL's design, there is no possibility to upgrade just the hashing chips.
@_date: 2013-02-20 21:55:21
I have a little knowledge about semi-conductor manufacturing.  BFL just smells fishy to me.  What are they doing with a [six foot reflow machine]( and why wouldn't they outsource the job?  Lead time is essential, it makes no sense to me to try to do it in-house.  How can they change the package without creating new masks?  Why do they need to package before they can test (see [ngzhang's post](  BTW, ngzhang also points out that the original low cost wire-bond QFN package is terrible from a heat-transfer perspective.
@_date: 2013-02-02 20:04:16
Upvote for truth.  There is some value in a 51% attack but not a lot.  It's mostly a denal of service attack.  Avalon makes more by selling their hardware.  I think it's almost certain they have a 65 nm chip in progress and if all goes well a 40 nm one will be coming too.
@_date: 2013-02-25 21:58:04
I think the fundamental problem is big sizes have a long term cost that the miners don't necessarily bear (i.e. part of the cost is an [externality](  They make it more expensive to store the block chain and more expensive to download it.  The miner considering the reward and fees for the current block doesn't necessarily pay for all those costs.
If we had some way of making miners bear those full costs then a block size limit would not be required, IMHO.  Blocks could be bigger if the fees paid justified it.
The sorting of transactions to be included in a block along with the maximum block size is the part about bitcoin that concerns me most.  
@_date: 2013-01-29 03:09:35
The bitcoins are getting more valuable though.  :-)  Still, I agree that if you want to get coins, just buy them.  Personally I want to contribute to the network as a transaction notarizer (aka miner) so I am considering ASIC hardware.  I got in on the video card mining early enough to pay for some more hardware, I figure the money should be re-invested.   
@_date: 2013-01-28 19:50:08
None of them make me feel warm and fuzzy inside. ;-)  Avalon has be better reputation, IMHO.  My guess is both of them will eventually deliver ASIC devices.  I'm not willing to take the risk at this point (which means I will likely miss the big payoff, oh well).
@_date: 2013-01-31 08:02:04
Really hard to say, IMHO.  My theory is that many miners are sitting on lots of coins and might decide to cash some to buy ASIC hardware.  That will push the price down.  OTOH, bitcoin is getting lots of press lately.  The upward trend helps too.
@_date: 2013-01-21 17:43:47
Things seem to be working out okay.  There are multiple vendors coming with ASIC hardware and they all estimate similar hash rates.  That should ensure that things don't get too centralized.
IMHO, the coming of ASIC hardware is a good thing.  At a certain point, bitcoin would become an attractive enough target that a single rich entity (e.g. a government) could afford to develop their own ASIC hardware.  If companies like Avalon can become profitable, they can use their income to further develop hardware, raising the difficulty for a rich single entity to swoop in and dominate the network.
I think hardware companies have an interest in keeping bitcoin healthy.  Who would buy their future products otherwise?
@_date: 2013-02-26 16:24:58
I believe it is largely because BFL is using a smaller [process node size](  It allows them better performance per unit power.  As per my link, the relationship is non-linear.  Whether they can get 10x power efficiency seems questionable.  Theoretically it seems they should get about 3x by going from  110 nm (Avalon) to 65 nm.  OTOH, Avalon is not a full custom ASIC, [they use "standard cell"]( and a fully custom chip would have less transistors to do the same job.
Also, I'd take BFL's published power number with a grain of salt.  Efficiently will not be completely known until the chips are packaged, mounted on the board and put in the final enclosure with cooling.  It's possible that hitting their target will not be possible due to heat problems.   OTOH, it is also possible they could exceed their estimate.  
BTW, that 60 GH/s spec was really just picked out of their hat.  They originally advertised 40 GH/s but raised it to 60 when bASIC announced their (vaporware) product.
@_date: 2013-01-28 19:25:45
I believe there has been multiple occasions were they were caught stretching the truth.  For example, showing a picture of a semi-conductor fab equipment that turned out to be a stock photo.  Showing a reflow machine that other people claim would be too small to manufacture their ASIC chips.  Claiming their devices would be out months ago (much to optimistic on their capability to deliver).
Their whole model of taking money for devices that didn't yet exist is quite shifty.  I can understand there are challenges in funding R&amp;D but normal/trustworthy companies would not do it.  If fact, I'm pretty sure it is not legal in many countries.
@_date: 2013-02-25 22:53:11


The "official" bitcoin software sorts transactions according to a complicated set of rules when filling a block.  Only the highest priority transactions get into the block if there are too many to fit.  Those rules are a real hodge-podge, IMHO, but will become quite important as the block size limit kicks in.