@_author: nate67
@_date: 2014-12-09 07:20:56
Such impassioned truth telling is surely worth at least one penny shaving.
@_date: 2013-11-29 06:32:10
This is a flawed analogy.
People buy consumer goods that they know will eventually be obsolete because they actually get to use them in that time.  You're forgetting that in the six months between this smartphone model and the next, I get six months worth of smartphone use.
Will the iPhone 5 be available for, say, $300 less when the iPhone 6 comes out?  Yeah, but I'm not going to delay my purchase if I value the use of my iPhone 5 between now and then by over that hypothetical $300 dollars.
@_date: 2013-11-27 08:34:08
Isn't a massive increase in valuation in response to expected, but unrealized, potential at some vague point in the future the very definition of speculation?
It's a very dangerous game assigning value to ideas based on future projections.  If I come up to you with a business plan that I claim will be worth $10 million in a few years, but have little to no sales, would you give me $5 million for half my company?  Of course not.  Any investment is only worth how it is performing at a given time.
Some ideas do indeed fetch a premium on the promises of future utility, sure.  But we passed that premium a looooong time ago.  This is classic bubble mania, with each price increase dictated by expected future price increases, which in turn causes expectations to rise even further.  It's a vicious feedback loop. 
Consider this: an injection of just a few million bucks into Mt. Gox can cause the market cap of Bitcoin to rise 10% - about a billion dollars.  Does this make any sense?  At least when share prices of publicly traded companies rise, the corresponding rise in market capitalization is tied to the fundamentals of said company.
When there is truly 11 billion dollars of utility in Bitcoin, it should theoretically be worth what it is trading for today.  But what are the odds that this market will suddenly come to its senses, hit a long plateau, and wait for the fundamentals to catch up to the valuation?
@_date: 2013-11-27 10:24:37
Why wouldn't I take it?
1.  Hardly anyone knows how or has any desire to use it when there is a perfectly simple, established payment system.  I'm not going to incur costs in updating skills and infrastructure for no pay off.
2.  Increased risk of loss of coins due to employee error/security breach.
3.  Long processing times.
4.  Volatility of the currency itself, meaning that I can't be certain of my budget/revenue projections.  I presumably didn't open up a restaurant/grocery store/whatever to be a currency speculator or day trader. This is a market where currency swings are 10-40% in a 24 hour period these days.
5.  The fact that I am just going to have to convert it to state fiat, anyway (payment of expenses, labor, taxes).  And, yes, that's where the fees come in.  
Yeah, there are fees that come with today's methods of debit and credit transactions.  But it's foolhardy to point to those fees without acknowledging the benefits that come along with paying them.  
@_date: 2013-11-29 06:37:32
You're confusing saving with investing.
Very little inflationary state fiat is saved in the sense that bitcoin is (ie. hidden in a safe somewhere).
People *invest* surplus fiat.  That is, they put into things that they believe will outpace inflation.  This investment then allows economic growth.  It's getting my unused fiat into the hands of somebody who can go out and do something productive with it.
There is currently no investment decision that is wiser to make with your bitcoin than stuffing it under your mattress.  Not exactly great as far as the purpose of currencies goes.
@_date: 2013-12-18 10:36:38
First of all, not every whale who got into this two years ago needs to be a shady market manipulator.  It was argued on here (and elsewhere) that once a few whales decided to take profits, it could tank the market. 90% might be geeks and true believers, but all it takes is for the other 10% to cash out to bring a manic bubble market crashing down.
(A little off-topic, but in the near future, the costs of mining will exceed the output, so we can expect to see sustained downward pressure on prices as miners sell to cover their costs.)
Secondly, whether or not the early adopters were greedy assholes or true believers, they all contributed to pumping it up.  Does it really matter if the pump and dump was caused by people deliberately scamming greater fools or merely delusional geeks?  I doubt the people who bought at $1200 really care about the difference.
For a variety of reasons, this investment got pumped.  Now, it's getting dumped and the profits were concentrated in the hands of a minority of early adopters.  The motives of the echo chamber don't matter.  The outcome, unintended or not, was a pump and dump.
@_date: 2013-11-29 08:10:22
"Low cost" is debatable.
1.  Fiat to bitcoin conversion at point A.
2.  Conversion back to local fiat at point B.
3.  Both parties have to do a significant amount of legwork at both ends (acquiring the knowledge to do it securely, waiting on conversions to go through).
4.  Less liquidity at both ends.  Potentially no liquidity in a majority of the world.  This is a cost.
5.  Both parties assume risk for an uninsured transaction.  Risk can easily have a quantative value assigned to it.  Again, another cost.
I won't include volatility on this list because it may or may not end up costing you anything, but it can certainly be said that it adds another layer of risk that John Q. Public might not be willing to accept.  He wants to wire money, not to be a forex day trader.
@_date: 2013-11-27 10:08:38
Bitcoin can't be a bubble?
It's only valuable to the extent that sufficient numbers of people are willing to voluntarily agree that it is valuable.  People could just as easily drop it as they picked it up.  Nothing whatsoever compels them to stick with it.
It could find larger acceptance and practical use.  It could also go to zero with a bullet based on the whims of speculators.  At these massive price hikes with nowhere close to the corresponding utility, it is the definition of a bubble; it is only being driven by the belief that it *has to be* worth more later.
Like I said upthread, I'm not sure what you mean by fiat currency being a bubble because of its relationship to bitcoin.  By that logic, isn't everything a collapsing bubble when compared to bitcoin lately?
@_date: 2013-12-08 11:01:19
Sorry, but throwing 150K worth of bitcoin in cold storage, hoping for lightning to strike twice is not doing anything to "change the world".
Investments grow and sometimes do change the world because the money goes to work and creates something.  It builds something.  The money goes out and brings back more.
The "I'm hoarding to help bitcoin!" mentality runs through maybe 90% of all bitcoin users and it's the reason it's so overvalued.  Hardly anybody actually does anything with it except squirrel it away until it magically hits even higher highs... at which point they will convert it back into that stinking, disgusting, but oh-so-tempting fiat.
@_date: 2013-12-08 11:15:23
Maybe cryptocurrency will have some place in the future, maybe not.
But one thing is for certain: Bitcoin will teach a great many people about how a pump and dump works up close and personal.
From Nigerian prince emails, to "can't miss" penny stocks, to Bernie Madoff improbable profits, to irrational exuberance around unproven, speculative investments, nobody ever thinks he's the one getting conned.
Time and time again, it has been proven that people overestimate their abilities.  The majority of bitcoin holders are speculators who think they'll make it to the exits before the other 90% trample them in a panicked stampede.  
The rest are very early adopters who have already made a killing and recovered any initial investment long ago.  They have no skin in the game, but have managed to find a new generation of greater fools who will, in turn, pump it in order to find even greater fools.  As far as markets go, bitcoin is perhaps the most unique "ecosystem" I have ever seen - fascinating, but terrifying.
@_date: 2013-11-30 21:00:17
Yeah, but its billions in worthless fiat, so does it even count?
EDIT: This was a facetious comment.  It never occurred to me that it would even be taken seriously.
@_date: 2013-11-29 07:48:12
The bigger problem with a deflationary currency is not depressed spending (although, don't kid yourself into thinking that's not a problem), but depressed investment.
With deflationary currency, people will indeed spend some.  Nobody is saying that spending will go to zero, so you're arguing against a straw man here.
But investment will take a nose dive and that's the double whammy.  Decreased revenues + decreased investment = economic depression
@_date: 2013-12-18 09:56:06
The echo chamber grew to such a volume that people got burned badly.  This is the unethical side of bitcoin that I've been wary of for weeks once the bubble got underway.
A small minority of users control a vast majority of bitcoin, and they got in for very little years ago.  This is a manipulated market that has robbed thousands of greater fools blind.  Yeah, buyer beware and all that, but the only places to learn about bitcoin are echo chambers.  Any negativity gets the FUD ALERT and downvoted/drowned out.  And the people pumping it had virtually nothing to lose and everything to gain.
As the bubble grew, it was plain to see this was developing all the hallmarks of a classic pump and dump.
@_date: 2013-11-27 08:56:15
In that its main purpose seems to be speculation and hoarding rather than facilitating transactions, it is most certainly not a currency.  Not yet, anyway.  At the present time, it is at best an intermidiary to go between different currencies... if you are fortunate enough not to run into liquidity issues converting bitcoin into a usable currency.
The price increases are precipitated on the vague promise that this might one day become something it currently is not.
As to your point about all fiat being a bubble, I'm not sure where to even begin with this because I confess that I might not be understanding you fully.  Are you arguing that the global fiat bubble is collapsing as we speak because of bitcoin's meteoric rise?
@_date: 2013-11-27 08:07:50
The problem is that "widely accepted" isn't just some switch you hit.
Wider acceptance only happens if there is a demand for using them in day to day transactions.  This demand will also have to have enough momentum to get over the hump.  What I mean by that is that there will have to be enough demand all at once to cause the market to invest in the multimillion (easily billion) dollar infrastructure and training upgrades to incorporate it into their systems.
This is all assuming that they would have any interest in assuming the risk accepting a highly volatile currency, of course, when other far more stable currencies exist - fiat currencies that they will have to convert their bitcoin into, anyway.
Bitcoin adoption is a paradox; the very reasons that cause it to be attractive to investors (and, therefore, gain visibility) are the same as those that will prevent any substantial adoption in the real world.  The current gains in value are being driven almost exclusively by speculation.  There is no incentive for anybody reaping 4500% returns to start tossing these things around, except as a bit of a PR stunt.
@_date: 2013-11-30 00:55:24
Filter bubble, you say?  Don't ever wander into the Bitcointalk forums.
I've lurked around the bitcoin speculation part of that site, and the delusion and greed is "to the moon", as they say.
I'd feel sad about the mass delusion if they weren't such greedy pigs.
@_date: 2013-11-27 07:00:10
Unfortunately, for far too many bitcoin users, the echo chamber is a feature, not a bug.
I have heard on more than one occasion a variation on this logic: "The more the price rises, the more attention it will get, and the more attention is gets, the more people will want to buy into an investment with great returns.  The more people buy in, the higher the price will rise!"
I've heard this argument delivered without a trace of irony or circumspection.  They are basically describing manic bubble behavior to a tee, but they are in so deep that they can't see where it leads.
These days, the growth is totally disconnected from any real utility.  It is purely speculative.  Nobody in his right mind believes there has been a 4500% increase in the practical application of this idea during the past year.
That's why every second post you read is some variation of "BUY BUY BUY, it's never too late to buy!"  At this point, the beast is insatiable and requires a steady diet of new money coming in.  If it doesn't get pumped, it gets dumped.
@_date: 2013-11-30 00:49:07
Nobody is saying you can't make money off of the rollercoaster.
At some point, this needs to actually become a currency with massive increases in both uses and liquidity (There are a lot of paper profits out there that will never be realized.  Holding a million Goxbux doesn't necessarily mean you are a millionaire).
At some point, it's got to become more than a bubble machine.  It goes up exponentially, it pops. It goes up exponentially, it pops.. It goes up exponentially, it pops.  Each wave become more volatile as each rise and fall increases in magnitude. 
A pump and dumper's dream perhaps, but not exactly healthy signs for a novel invention aiming to be taken seriously as a currency.  At some point, there's going to be an increase so manic and speculative that it will cause a collapse that takes it to zero with a bullet.
@_date: 2013-11-29 06:47:32
Here's the problem: the PS5 will have a hell of a time ever seeing the light of day under a deflationary currency model.
Sure, people may buy a bare minimum amount of things to live comfortably, but nobody would invest.  If the best investment decision you can make is to do nothing productive with your surplus bitcoin, you'll do nothing with it.
The billions of dollars of investment required for product development will take much longer to round up - if at all.  No investment &gt; no production &gt; no jobs &gt; nobody earning bitcoin.
A deflationary currency will collapse on itself for this very reason.  Economic growth requires increased output and increased output requires investment.
@_date: 2013-12-04 04:24:44
I got a chuckle out of "Nothing in the psychical universe has intrinsic value."
That's the type of argument that could be debated endlessly.  You could probably write an entire book on intrinsic value alone.  At the very least, the author's argument here requires a clear definition of "value" to be established.
That's just one of many throwaway lines with no substantiation treated as fact.  There are the bones of a book here, but it does seem more like cheerleading than an disinterested look at the opportunities and challenges of bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-07 09:46:03
Credit cards didn't see 5000% annual growth without corresponding utility, though.
The bitcoin market is way ahead of where bitcoin actually is.  The true believers are getting ahead of themselves, but at least they were able to find enough greater fools to profit handsomely, anyway.
@_date: 2013-11-29 08:14:44
The middleman comes when you want to exchange it for fiat.
As long as the taxman exists (spoiler: forever), your need for state backed currency will exist.
@_date: 2013-12-07 10:09:26
Blind optimism?  That's the ticket to limitless upvotes on this sub.  Tickle their ears.
The OP is playing this thread like a Stradivarius.
@_date: 2013-11-29 09:06:23
The point is that the middleman will move somewhere else to take a cut.  The middle man might not be between you and your vendor/buyer anymore, but he will be between your bitcoin and your fiat.
I do agree that international transfers of money will be where bitcoin finds its true utility if it is to thrive at all.  But there are very few functions that it currently serves that are game-changers.  Ultimately, with the black market excepted, bitcoin's uses can be served by existing services just as effectively.
@_date: 2013-11-27 09:26:00
The future projections of the value of state issued fiat are ultimately backed by the stability of the state issuing it.  It is within their ability to regulate it, create or destroy it for the purposes of stabilization of inflation, and collect revenues for the repayment of obligations.
The public trusts fiat to the extent that its creators have the proper tools to make it steady and predictable.  As long as the state uses it to settle their accounts (perhaps most importantly, the collection of taxes), the people will use it.  That's a fairly certain guarantee.  Nobody goes to bed at night wondering if tomorrow will be the day the federal govt switches to some other reserve currency.  It's USD today, just as it was yesterday, and will be tomorrow.  It is inflationary, but at a consistent target and not nearly volatile enough to cause anyone immediate turmoil.
Bitcoin is only valued by the desire of people to use it.  Who's to say it is even the one that emerges from the alt coin heap in the long run?  Anyone could dump it just as quickly as they picked it up and move to the next trend.  As long as the ratio of speculation to legitimate use remains as high as it is, the odds of that happening stay high.
No real world infrastructure/adoption, and there's no incentive to keep it once it has served its purpose as a money making pump and dump.
Also, the fact that so little trading volume is causing such wild swings right now leads me to believe the price has very little to do with widespread belief in it.
@_date: 2013-11-29 07:39:48
At some point in these wild projections, don't we have to start to factor in societal collapse?
If the market cap were to ever reach parity with the total US M0, the idea of walking into a store with your iPhone 9s and paying for your groceries with Bitcoin will seem like a quaint idea.  Better worry more about boarding up your windows than your Internet connection.
@_date: 2013-11-27 07:40:43
Does buying into bitcoin for the purposes of speculating and/or hoarding truly make anyone an "adopter" in any meaningful sense of the word?
More and more, I'm becoming convinced that Bitcoin is a clever technology that is almost too clever for its own good; there are built in reasons *not* to use it.  The reality is that almost every purchase made with bitcoin has been a poor decision financially.
I mean, what is the true ratio of speculators to everyday bitcoin users?  10:1?  Optimistic.  20:1?  Probably getting closer.  Is it really "adoption" to snatch up some coins waiting until the day the bubble goes high enough to make you rich (at which point you will presumably cash out into fiat because everyone had the same idea as you and hardly anybody actually spent them in high enough amounts to warrant a multi-billion infrastructure)?
@_date: 2013-11-30 05:11:53
She looked like she could not possibly care less.
@_date: 2013-11-27 08:22:56
You've inadvertently touched on something that is a big concern for the future of Bitcoin, IMHO.
Namely, that Bitcoin as a method of exchanging money for goods and services is trying to solve a problem that doesn't exist.  There aren't many good reasons why anybody (certainly not the public at large) would go through the trouble of transacting in Bitcoin.
I always get a chuckle out of ideas that involve layering services over Bitcoin to make it more appealing as a currency because now you've taken the one advantage of Bitcoin - its elegant simplicity - and removed even that.  
There are a number of huge practical challenges that Bitcoin faces before mainstream acceptance even pops up on the horizon.  Each time I hear an idea that requires the use of third party services to address these challenges, I can't help but think, "Don't those financial services exist already?" Why try to reinvent the wheel here?
@_date: 2013-11-29 22:09:44
The problem of fees for currency conversion will never go away.  Euros are widely used, but good luck walking into a store in the US and getting them to accept it at the current exchange rate.
And, while some of those issues might go away with wider adoption, those issues also stand in the way of wider adoption.  We have a bit of a paradox here.
@_date: 2013-12-07 09:52:10
Conversely, you never really had money if your money was locked into bitcoin.  Your losses are as real as your gains.
...Unless you bought in at 1000+.  People didn't actually do that, did they?  
@_date: 2013-11-29 06:40:22
Nobody does hold much fiat currency.  People tend to hold just enough to have some liquidity for day-to-day living.
The overwhelming majority of a person's net worth will be in things besides fiat (real estate, bonds, mutual funds, precious metals, etc.)
@_date: 2013-12-18 10:58:04
Nearly everybody invested in bitcoin pumped it.  And everyone who pumped it did so to push the price higher.
Maybe some of these pumpers were straight up trying to con others (like a penny stock scam).  Maybe some were just delusional.  Who cares?  They were all greedy.
Whether it was some random redditors or members of bitcointalk avoiding any negative news, or big time players like the Winklevoss twins suggesting another 40 fold increase after it broke $1000, or somebody advising others to hold a week ago when they still could have safely cashed out, they all pumped it for their own purposes.
If it looks like a duck, walks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, I don't care what its motives are for quacking the way it does.  It's still a duck.
If it looks like a pump and dump and acts like a pump and dump, it's a pump and dump.  It's a shame so many greater fools are going to lose their shirts, but perhaps they can console themselves by considering it this way: their losses are tuition for enrollment in How to Spot a Pump and Dump 101.  Let's hope they're smarter next time.
EDIT: And for what it's worth, don't blame me.  I had nothing to do with this bubble.  I steered clear when the community started creeping me out.
@_date: 2013-12-08 10:53:41
They sold and sellers hurt the OP's investment.  Seling is the worst sin you can commit in the bitcoin community.
They bought a highly speculative investment, tripled (perhaps quadrupled) their money in about a month from the sounds of it, then cashed out like anyone rational person would do.  Good on 'em for not being pigs led to slaughter.
The only offense they committed was failing to buy and hold and feed the beast.  Bitcoin's market cap grows not because it is any better today than it was in October, but because of the belief in infinite injections of money coupled with difficulty getting it back to fiat.
@_date: 2013-11-29 08:25:15
This is very true.  But, his constant sell orders spread over several days/weeks are going to stall the market.
The market hits a plateau and a bunch of smaller speculators start thinking, "Well, I guess that's it.  I'm not making my insane returns anymore and, therefore, I can no longer tolerate the risk of having my money sit on the markets. I better get out."
Bitcoin speculators need to seriously be considering how many people can take their profits before the market tanks.  5%?  10%?  The reason a bubble grows is because people always overestimate their abilities.  Everyone thinks he can get to the exit first.  Nobody thinks he will get trampled by the herd.
@_date: 2013-12-08 11:06:07
"...having grown up after the Great Depression..."
So, like all of us here, then?
It's not that I don't value wisdom, but I'm just not sure why that statement is supposed to invoke some kind of authority on the matter.
@_date: 2013-11-27 03:20:25
Although, I have never and will never call Bitcoin a pyramid scheme.  That's not to say I don't have problems with it, but the pyramid scheme designation doesn't seem to fit here.
During these tremendous upswings, there is definitely a lot of textbook pump and dump behavior, though.  I would love to see Bitcoin work as a niche segment of the currency market, but then I read posts here and elsewhere from people encouraging teens to ignore, mislead, or outright steal from their parents to get involved with this MIRACULOUS MONEY OF THE FUTURE.
It gives me the same creepy vibes as the litany of "Penny Stock Set to Soar in 2014!" links out there.  
It's all fine and well to gush about a purely speculative market going another 1000% higher than the already 4000% returns this year when you got in at a buck and have recouped all your initial investment by now.  But on the other end of the spectrum are people buying in at 900 dollars on the hype that's generated because the echo chamber has convinced them the gains they experienced are stable and permanent.
But, hey, suckers are going to be suckers,right?  Sure.  But it crosses a line when those suckers are 14.
@_date: 2013-11-30 05:35:40
Very interesting data.  I'm sure there are ways to use it to estimate how many users there are actually transacting it on a day-to-day basis.
These numbers could be very useful to anyone looking to put a valuation on bitcoin.