@_author: nathanwosnack
@_date: 2014-06-24 16:02:54
One of our partners, of Crypto Biz Group (parent company of Crypto Biz Magazine) runs a company that has a 30 year grandfathered agreement as a premier Reuters content provider allowing us to take advantage of this with our digital publication, web-site, and various videos and press releases for our clients. That is where our affiliation with Reuters comes in, and this is stated in numerous areas of our web-site, most prominently in our advertising section. This is where our affiliation comes into play.
Source: I am one of the directors of this company, and I serve as Sr. Director of Business Development. - Nathan Wosnack.
@_date: 2014-06-24 17:21:22
Thank you for your long response.
"Just because you're doing well doesn't mean specific things can't be better."
- I agree. 
"Had you taken 5 minutes to think about my post you'd have realized I never said or thought you were an academic journal."
- Think about it? LOL. Your comment just wasn't very clear at all and appeared to indicate that you were calling us an academic journal, and now it sounds like you're back peddling. :) But no problem, I'll try to give you the benefit of the doubt.
"But for a business magazine, you'll generally just want to focus on digital currencies and I think it's important to brand bitcoin as a digital currency first, a cryptocurrency second."
- Our slogan, right below Crypto Biz Magazine on our web-site and letterhead is 'Digital Currencies and Crypto Innovations'. Just saying.
"Just because you're doing well doesn't mean specific things can't be better. And for me, crypto and biz are ridiculously bad words to use."
- Perhaps you'd like to apply to join our board of advisors. I like someone who speaks with candour, and I hope you can contribute your advice to us in some way; either by contributing content or perhaps as an advisor to us.
"And biz. Where do I start. That's some unprofessional 90s-internet company shit right there." 
- Fascinating perspective. What makes us great, and will continue to make us great is feedback from the community, and direct involvement in our evolution. 
"Go ahead if you want. I just can hardly take you seriously."
- A little too late to go back now. We've hit the point of no return given that Crypto Biz Magazine is now registered as a domain, on our business cards, on our letterhead, and already branded across the Internet as sponsors, and on a Wall Street Journal press release (Note: The Wall Street Journal is NOT affiliated with Crypto Biz Magazine - just to make that clear). We may not be taken seriously by you, yet, but we have by a vast number of people within our community. What will it take to gain your respect, and have you take us seriously besides spending a lot of money changing our name and branding?  :)
"Anyway it's up to you of course, opinions differ and that's fine, but at least you've heard mine. Best wishes."
- Thank you.
@_date: 2014-06-04 01:48:39
Around March 2011 my friend gave me money for beer, 10 Bitcoins for around $1 each. I found the Bitcoin on an old laptop on December 23, 2013 and cashed out for about $8500.
@_date: 2014-06-24 18:17:36
Sugarfreecocaine, 
One of our partners (as in director of our company) *is* a Reuters Content Provider, and we are partnered with this Reuters Content Provider. Anyone can run *a* press release, yes, but they can't get the same reach we can via our agreement with this specific Reuters Content provider, which includes crypto-currency related video content, and written press releases, and interviews. I welcome you or anyone else to get the amount of reach via Reuters, Reuters Insider, Bloomberg BusinessWeek, ACN Newswire (NASDAQ OMX), and through our European and Asian networks that we presently have without paying a ridiculous amount of money for it. Our agreement with a Reuters Content Provider allows us to reach the global audience affordably, while passing on this savings to our customers; crypto currency companies who are looking to reach the business and financial tech sectors.
"Stop Bsing and harming the community."
- I take issue with this accusation. BSing and harming the community? We have created a great publication, with writers, respected sponsors, and more. How is your publication coming along by the way? :) We're trying to, and are helping the community - clearly. I'm sorry that your assumptions about what it is we do and our affiliation is upsetting to you. 
"And you aren't a 'Reuters content provider' either."
- No, we certainly are not. We are affiliated with a Reuters Content Provider, which was made abundantly clear.
Have a nice day. :)
@_date: 2014-06-24 16:12:26
IkmoIkmo, First of all; see my previous comments. One of the directors of our company has a 30 year grandfathered agreement with Reuters with his company. We are not directly affiliated with Reuters, but rather we are affiliated with a premier Reuters content delivery provider (see: 30 year grandfathered agreement).
Second of all; thank you for your feedback on our name. We always appreciate constructive feedback on ways to improve our publication, especially with such colourful language. Yes, really, we used "Crypto Biz Magazine" as our name. So far the rest of the community has been forgiving (and encouraging) given our recent first issue launch success, our new partnerships, and the list of respected Advisory Board members we have on our roster.
Thirdly; "academic journal"? Had you taken 5 minutes to actually read the content instead of just the title you'd see that we are not, in fact, an academic journal. Crypto Biz Magazine is a publication that focuses on bridging the gap between the crypto currency community and the financial and tech sectors. Hence the name "Biz".  :)
Once again, thanks for your feedback!
@_date: 2014-07-14 06:06:08
To clarify; we took one single payment for a press release - it was a one off deal and we no longer offer this service. All press releases submitted to our web-site have been published free of charge and will continue to be. We do not take money for content unless it is an advertorial as part of our regular advertising.
All advertorials and ads are listed as "Special Advertising Feature". - Nathan Wosnack, Sr VP of Business Development. Crypto Biz Group / Crypto Biz Magazine
@_date: 2014-07-14 06:17:00
Thank you, Tom, we believe transparency and accountability is important. We will always be 100% honest with our community.
@_date: 2014-06-25 07:57:08
I love you, decentral.bangtown!
@_date: 2015-08-25 23:11:08
I don't know, I think you should probably talk to IPFS about that; specifically Juan Benet. I'm just one of their users/testers. I know their incentivization coin "FileCoin" has been in the works for some time which answers the incentivization issue.
@_date: 2015-08-25 22:50:45
Yes, IPFS. And they'll have an incentivization program in place. 