@_author: nationcrafting
@_date: 2017-12-15 14:40:54
Indeed. I often think of it as petrol in a car. Just because you crossed a border, doesn't mean you should change the petrol in your car. 
Money should be the same, and will be the same in the future. Only it won't be because some supra-national state entity has created a currency like the Euro, it'll be because currency and borders will be completely dissociated from each other. 
@_date: 2017-12-03 18:40:37
Then again, the majority gold holders (central banks) could easily create a blockchain-based coin to secure cryptocurrencies on top. If every ounce of gold is owned through a blockchain-based smart contract... 
Alternatively, a country's central bank could integrate its gold holdings into Bitcoin, securing Bitcoin and the cryptocurrencies it, in turn, secures.
Personally, I think, when the large banking institutions come into the game, this will be the kind of thing they'll be interested in. Because they own so much of it already. Gold + Bitcoin would be a fantastic way to get back to a sound money, with all the opportunities offered by blockchain tied into it.
@_date: 2017-12-03 22:57:37
If you believe everyone benefits from an educated workforce, I agree with you. But why assume that government is the best way to achieve such a noble goal, when there are so many examples of sectors that the private sector has delivered very successfully at free or near-free prices to the masses? 
I mean, especially nowadays, when technology is enabling so many sectors to be massively disrupted and become affordable at a cost that is orders of magnitude lower than it used to be?
@_date: 2017-12-17 23:56:21
SHA-1, the predecessor was predicted to last at least 20 years. 10 years later it was broken. SHA256 has been around for quite a while now...
@_date: 2017-12-09 19:51:51
So, you don't think being able to send and receive money as easily as an email is useful?
@_date: 2017-12-03 18:12:12
Well, in a way, yes. As soon as gold ownership contracts are transferred using blockchain tech, ownership of gold will be transferred as easily as anything else. 
Isn't that the whole point of blockchain contracts? That you can buy and sell ownership of property without passing through all the hoops?
@_date: 2017-12-06 13:13:04
People who own it.
@_date: 2017-12-09 20:27:37
You might as well say that the code that makes Facebook work has no value. After all, you could easily just create another Facebook. Except it'd be worthless, because the value in Facebook is in its network effect. The old story about a telephone being useless if none of your friends have one: who are you going to call?
Also, the beautiful thing about Bitcoin is that the higher its price is, the more useful it becomes. If it's only worth $1, then only $21 million dollars can be sent at any given time. If it's worth $100,000, then $2,100,000,000,000 dollars can be sent at any given time, enough for millions of people to pay and receive for every thing in their life without needing a bank account. It shares that property with Google, whose search engine only gets better as more people use it (because it learns more the more you use it), which gives everyone even more of an incentive to use it, which makes it even better as a search engine, etc.
@_date: 2017-12-03 21:31:55
Definitely the Swiss. After all, Switzerland was the last country on the planet to stop backing their currency with gold, and only because they weren't given access to IMF until they did. 
I wouldn't be surprised if Switzerland became the first country in the world to release their own blockchain-based currency. 
@_date: 2017-12-02 00:03:28
Can you expand on your comment?
@_date: 2017-12-03 17:59:35
@_date: 2017-12-03 21:26:29
Well, yes, but only because its true value had been supressed for 40 years in the US, where it was illegal since 1933 for private people to own gold, and because dollar inflation was over 15%, and because Nixon had essentially declared the US bankrupt ("closed the gold window") since they were unable to pay back their debt in gold. France even had to send over warships to New York to claim the gold they were owed. It's no wonder people were rushing to put their hard-earned wealth into gold: with a few thousand years of history behind it, it was the most credible thing around...
@_date: 2017-12-17 23:58:58
Depends. Some gold coins, like Britannias, are capital gains tax free when you sell. No taxes is definitely an incentive. 
@_date: 2017-12-01 15:28:44
Then again, it's fair to say that gold was the original free market money. A lot of bitcoiners' reasoning is a direct echo of what we saw in the 70s when gold was made legal in the US again, shooting it up from 20-something bucks to 850 over a 5-year period...
@_date: 2017-12-03 21:16:25
Judging from the patterns so far, it's been a rush and then a crash for every zero added before moving onto the next zero. There's been a crash in the 10s, a crash in the 100s, a crash in the 1000s. One crash for every order of magnitude. Wouldn't surprise me if there were a major correction around 15 to 17K or so, back to 4K for a long while before the rush to 100K.
@_date: 2017-12-01 15:13:25
How low do you think the next correction will take it? The way I see it, every new bull run takes it up one more zero, and every crash takes it down about 60%.
So, we went from peanuts to 10-12 dollars. Then back to single digits for a while, then 100-something, then back to 40 or so for a while, then 1000-something, then back to 400 or so for a while, now to 10,000 something, so maybe 4,000 for a while?
@_date: 2017-12-03 21:35:17
Funny you should say that. In 1994, telephone services in Belgium were still part of a nationalised company. So, anything that made communications cheaper was seen as highly suspicious. Using CB radio, for example, was illegal. In 1994, as internet first started getting some users, there was a group of senators that tried to make internet use illegal, because clearly those people were only sending emails to avoid paying their 'fair share of the bill" to the telephone company.
@_date: 2017-12-03 23:56:09
I don't agree that it's not well distributed. Here in Peru, we have farmers in the most remote villages negociating prices for their crops on their smartphones, with more info at their fingertips than George Bush had 15 years ago.
@_date: 2014-08-02 05:34:16
You might want to brush up on some history yourself: fiat currency was issued during the Civil War specifically because gold reserves weren't enough to cover the expenses.  The currency was called Greenbacks.
@_date: 2018-10-11 12:40:10


Sounds like you're arguing the old "if you have nothing to hide you have nothing to worry about" trope...
@_date: 2013-11-19 19:50:56
What's interesting is that the chart is completely fractal-like, and looks very similar to the Bitcoin chart of the last year, too: 
[Here is the chart for gold between 1971 and 2013](
@_date: 2013-07-23 16:48:37
Bitcoin is a private currency.  Private currencies have been on the AnCap agenda at least since FA Hayek wrote "Denationalisation of Money" back in 1976.
@_date: 2013-12-05 23:01:50
Needs more cowbell.
@_date: 2013-12-03 01:40:16
Certainly, it's true that the bigger the pool is, the smaller the relative waves will be when a new body enters the volume.  So, yes, the current market cap for bitcoin gives it the ability to absorb greater transactions without fluctuations.  It will of course need to be greater still to really interest the giants.  Like, an order of magnitude at least.  Given that fact, perhaps the odds that Bitcoin would do that rather than Litecoin are not as great as we all think.  There's a math model we could create to look into that, to be sure.
The world, and human society in particular, is really a very complex place...  I say "human society" because we are of course reflexive: our perception affects the decision we make that then affects the reality we perceive.
@_date: 2013-11-27 12:30:32
Haha.  Yes, it's a great analogy...  I call it "shaking the weak hands".  Strong hands are those who hold on because they don't get phased by the noise around them, they know what their product is worth.  Weak hands are the ones who go "OMG.  Sell, sell!" and then regret their impulses...
@_date: 2013-11-20 13:55:42
The comparison to gold is made because both are termed hard money, and hence should be good stores of value in the long term.  
Just as Apple's iPhones would stop being a good product the moment the agenda shifts from "making good products" to "ensuring full employment" or some other political goal, so any money stops being a good monetary product the moment the agenda shifts from "making sound money" to some other political goal.
Also, given that both their quantitative pools are small, both rely on very high valuations for their function as store of value to be better.  The higher the value of each unit of money, the better the money is at storing value, since even large players don't get to distort the market as they buy and sell.  At the current price, for example, Bitcoin's price is extremely easy to manipulate.  At a price of 10,000 per unit, not so easy.
@_date: 2013-11-26 18:29:48


And the problem with bitcoin is that it can be rendered valueless, i.e. shut down in all but name, by anyone with about .5 billion dollars, which includes most governments.  Schiff was specifically talking about the volatility and proposing an asset backing a digital currency.  It doesn't have to be gold, it can be anything that has a less volatile market chart than bitcoin and isn't, say, seasonal in its supply.
@_date: 2013-11-18 16:44:46
It's definitely an option.  The total bitcoin market is still just a minor fraction of what the Chinese surplus is.  It could go up another 10,000% and they could still afford to buy it out.
@_date: 2013-04-07 17:49:08
Money was always an information technology, even when it was gold coins or banknotes.
@_date: 2013-12-04 00:29:04
Start off from the basic commodities, and from the premise that anything that can store value to some extent is (not "can be") money.  You can buy it even if you don't want it for its own sake, but because you think you'll find it easy to get rid of it when what you really want becomes available.
So, now, anything is money if it has those properties, and some things are better money than others.  After a while you get a circular event going on the most marketable commodity: it is desirable because it is money, and it is money because it is desirable.  That circularity gives it consistency over time.
At this point, it becomes even more interesting: the amount of time that the circularity was true strengthens the stability of it.  After a while, it's not a matter of speculation whether commodity X will retain its value over time, when you are old, when your children are old, when your grandchildren are old.  It just is for the very reason that it always was.  The was-ness strengthens the is-ness, which in turn strengthens the will-be-ness, so to speak.
After this has happened for a few centuries, through wars, revolutions, state collapses, fascism, democracy, monarchy, back to revolutions, etc. the value becomes unbreakable.
In fact, it becomes so unbreakable that the giants of this world - oil families and people who've been in the top 0.00001% of the planet for centuries - that this value becomes intrinsic to wealth itself.  
Sure, there will always be new waves of wealth, new people making fortunes out of some new tech.  But those people end up joining the ranks of those who've been playing the wealth game for longer than everyone else.  So, as long as oil families choose gold as their ultimate store of value (would you give away your gold for bits of paper, or for bits that could be taken over by some systemic flaw?), as long as gold itself exists, you will see wealthy people move into it, and staying in it.  
You move *through* currency, but you move *into* gold.  That is its value, and it becomes as "intrinsic" to it as being able to make bread out of wheat is intrinsic to wheat.
@_date: 2013-11-19 19:55:31
As a way of escaping the devaluation in fiat money and, yes, in many parts of the world, a way to keep their money safe from the hands of government.  The Krugerrand was, in fact, specifically created as a legal tender in South Africa so that US savers (who were still not legally allowed to own gold) could buy it as an FX trade instead of bullion. 
Also, many gold coins today like the Sovereign and Britannia, are entirely capital gains tax free, and VAT free in the EU too. 
Admittedly, yes, the sending part is facilitated greatly by Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-28 00:41:26
Because it would be used as a currency from day one in hundreds of thousands of daily trades for which we already assign a value: it would actually have all encompassing value to anyone who wants to do anything online, since it would be your entry into the internet to begin with.  You would have to buy the currency if you wanted to make a phone call or go online, just as you need to buy dollars today if you want to buy a barrel of oil.
I'm just using that as an example.  There could be plenty more...
@_date: 2013-11-29 10:05:41
So, one of these is in the matrix, created by someone you don't know (DARPA? An NSA employee?  Who knows...).  
The other one of these is off the matrix, and has been the free man's money for thousands of years.
Libertarian bitcoiners, ask yourselves, which one will you choose?
@_date: 2013-07-24 15:48:32


Tax avoidance / evasion isn't practiced by employees, but by people who are either self-employed and don't declare income, or who work informally on the side (cash-in-hand), or who have their own companies in other countries and pay a lower rate of tax in those other countries instead of the country where the income is made, etc.  Once you have Bitcoin on a grand scale, you are essentially making taxation voluntary for everyone who is working on a status that isn't employee.
@_date: 2013-07-27 23:18:32


That is exactly what anarcho-capitalism *is*: depoliticising services that are currently provided by the state, and have the free market provide them instead.  If you think, say, about healthcare, think: what would Google do?  i.e. how would they provide it?  Or Apple, or some new dotcom that we have yet to invent.
@_date: 2013-11-29 18:16:13


What makes you think bitcoin is not a Fed induced money paradigm?  Do you know Satoshi?
If you were running the world reserve currency (once "as good as gold") and people were losing faith in it, wouldn't you try to create the next thing that's "as good as gold"?
@_date: 2013-11-18 18:33:36
[New paradigm!](
@_date: 2013-11-20 13:45:31
[Hmm, it's not exactly rocket science, though, is it?](
@_date: 2013-07-24 00:22:27
OK, judging by your posts here, it sounds like you're just trying to work out some kind of aggression.  So, I don't expect this to be very civilised.
However, if you are interested in learning a thing or two, here it goes.
Taking services that are currently provided by the state and turning them into something that is provided better by the private sector *is* anarcho-capitalism.
You can think about it like a scale, if you like.  So, on the one end you have societies where everything run by the state.  
Then you have societies where some services are run by the state, say, defense, security, courts of law, monetary management, healthcare, socialised housing, some arts funds, culture, that kind of thing.  
Then you have what are called night-watchman states, which are minarchist, and typically just include services run by government that are typically believed to not be possible as a service run by the private sector, like defense, money, security and courts of law.  Everything else is provided by the private sector.  Typically, that would be Milton Friedman's position.
Then you have anarcho-capitalism (like David Friedman), who look for ways for the private sector to provide those services typically associated with the state.  So, money is run by competing providers of money, like Bitcoin, LiteCoin, or others.  Policing might be arranged via some other kind of dotcom service, courts of law might compete against each other for best arbitration, etc.
So, AnCap is not so much a political thing as a "depolitical" thing.
@_date: 2013-11-23 22:57:15
Well, then, you've said it yourself: if the currency is in its infancy, the price is bigger than the currency can carry at the moment.  Quite literally, Bitcoin is too small for its shoes.  The price will crash, then stabilise at a relatively higher price than it did before the crash, then grow for about 6 months until another bubble, which will take it higher again.
There's actually nothing anti-Bitcoin about this at all: Andriessen himself said exactly the same thing a couple of years ago.  Bitcoin will go through several bubbles and crashes before reaching its destination.
@_date: 2013-11-29 18:03:45
Gold doesn't claim to be a currency.  There are 3 functions of money: medium of exchange (MoE), store of value (SoV) and unit of account (UoA).  Gold claims store of value, and has a 4000 year history of doing just that.  
@_date: 2013-11-28 03:48:21
95% of all gold traded worldwide is paper gold i.e. futures and derivatives.  So, currently, the spot price is dictated by those markets rather than by the physical stuff.  Those markets are overleverage right now, which is why everyone in China is buying the dips whenever they can, in physical.  If you want to see the same kind of surge you've seen in Bitcoin, buy physical gold and wait for the paper market to implode.
@_date: 2013-07-24 21:22:39


I agree most people want those services to be provided.  Whether they necessarily want them to be provided by the state is another matter.  Back when I was a kid, nearly every country on earth had its telephone services provided by the state.  This was done for two reasons, one was infrastructure, the other was access to the service for the poorest members of society.  So, typically, telephony was subsidised by taxes, so poor people could make calls too.  However, the service was almost universally bad.  And very expensive.  Calls, say, from Europe to Latin America were just unheard of, so expensive...
Still, may people just couldn't conceive of a phone service that wasn't part of the national grid.
But then, the system started being supplied by private providers in a few countries, then in more countries, then in more countries.  Pretty soon, the technology went exponential and every year started looking better than the year before.  Today, nearly every poor kid in Latin America has a cellphone, and access to internet.  Skype is free, and you can leave it on all night talking to your friends on the other side of the planet.  Nobody even thinks about the idea that telephony should be provided by the state in order to be affordable.
The same argument is, I think, applicable to many services provided by the state.  Bitcoin is just the latest example of that.  Give it another 10 years, and we'll be as far removed from state money and central banking as fast broadband with Skype and Google are removed from fixed landline phones with operators at the other end of the line.
I'm not an AC, by the way.  I wrote a book, a while ago, called Nation by Design, which examines money as well as other services currently provided by the state in the same way a product designer looks at any product or service, depoliticising it, and looking at ways it could be improved without all this political baggage.  What I like about AC, and dislike about anarchists, is that most of them see the transition from statism to post-statism not as "the state collapses in a a violent revolution", but simply as something that evolves through technology.  In other words, we slowly come up with tech solutions à la Google that replace coercive taxes with opt-in services.  If freemium can work for so many new businesses, it's likely a freemium service will be found viable that arranges for healthcare to be free at point of use while still being very profitable for the company providing it.  If Apple designed your governance system, what would it look like?  Those are questions that I find a few ACs like the Friedmans (David and his son Patri, who founded the Seasteading Institute) are very happy to think about, primarily because they don't have this political baggage that so many people who are into "politics" schlep around wherever they go.
AC's real problem is their name, in my view.  It's really a very bad name.  Some ACs recognise this, which is why they call themselves voluntaryists, for example.  It focuses the attention on the idea that a free society should be one in which you voluntarily engage in interaction with the system.
@_date: 2013-11-27 01:45:57
You've misread my post.  There's no losing money here.  It's just triggering a set of waves to occur.  When gazelles are in a pack in the savannah, all it takes is for a dozen of them to start running to trigger a panic stampede.  If you can time that action with a real life event that puts the other gazelles on high alert, you don't need a dozen, you use the event to leverage your own actions.
@_date: 2013-11-24 23:11:30
Gavin Andriessen did a few simulations in 2011 where Bitcoin went through 5 or 6 bubbles and busts before stabilising at a high price.  Everytime, of course, it stabilises to a higher level than before the sudden growth, but it does look like this is indeed happening.  
There are far more people discussing how they're going to be rich when they cash out, and other people telling them to wait a while before cashing out, etc.  It's all about timing the moment to cash out, not about actually using Bitcoin.  So, it's relatively easy to see the edge of the cliff from here, you just can't be so accurate abtou how far it is yet.
@_date: 2013-11-27 12:07:52
That's definitely a passage I'm going to use in the future, vocatus.  Excellent find!
@_date: 2013-04-04 22:33:42
Don't forget the father of denationalised currency: Friedrich Hayek
[Friedrich Hayek: Denationalisation of Money](
@_date: 2013-11-27 12:27:08
You are correct.  I was just using the phone companies as an example of how you could achieve near-instant network effect by piggy-backing a new product on a system that is already widely used.  
Of course, what you then do with it depends on your vision for the product.  
But imagine, for example, an alliance between Hugo Salinas Price (founder of Elektra supermarkets in Mexico, and huge owner and advocate of silver) and Carlos Slim (one of the wealthiest men in the world, and founder of Claro telephone network, the biggest cellphone service provider in Latin America).  
You'd have physical backing of a virtual payments network.  You'd have immediate redeemability in stores.  You'd have instant money transfer, instant network effect.  You'd probably have a lot of people in various governments that would support it, especially from silver producing countries like Mexico, Peru, Chile, Argentina.  Chile, especially, would be great to have on board, since they're one of the top-10 freest countries in the world at the moment, alongside Switzerland, Hong Kong, etc.
I can think of many bitcoiners who would instantly see the value in it, especially if you had an inscrutable ledger system embedded in the system.
@_date: 2013-11-30 02:32:18
I do somewhat agree with you.  Although I have written about bitcoin since 2011, there is still very much a doubt in my mind that bitcoin may not make it, because in order to actually be useful, to perform the function it was designed to perform, its price must by necessity be very, very high.  Sure, it's somewhat useful today, but it isn't actually sustainable as a currency until it is all pervasive (money is the bubble that doesn't burst), and to be all pervasive, it'll need to still be a few orders of magnitude bigger than it is today.
I do consider it sound money because of two factors: its scarcity and maximum quantity limit, albeit artificial, ensures that is not inflationary.  Second to that, the fact that it is hard to generate new bitcoins (the mining metaphor is appropriate) makes it hard currency, in my view.  It's true that it isn't commodity backed, but in a way that makes it a better money: nobody suffers if  you hoard it.  If you were to hoard grain or wheat in times of scarcity, people would be quick to get rid of you.  But hoarding a non-commodity is different.  If it gets hoarded in times of monetary need, the market could just create a new altcoin for liquidity and your hoard would become meaningless since it would have no more market value.
@_date: 2013-11-28 15:56:37
Which is ironic, because the original goal of PayPal was to develop their own online currency.  They put that project on the backburner at the time because so many people asked them about this online transaction processing thing...
@_date: 2013-07-24 09:25:35
Well, your very own Wikipedia article writes: "In an anarcho-capitalist society, law enforcement, courts, and all other security services would be provided by privately funded competitors rather than through taxation, and money would be privately and competitively provided in an open market."  
Is Bitcoin not a currency provided privately and competitively on the open market?
@_date: 2013-04-09 00:06:32
Humans are a herd of antelopes who feed off each other's panic when they hear a lion roar.  
This is true especially for inexperienced "investors" with weak hands.  
So, effectively, the inverse-crash we're seeing now could easily turn into a crash when greed turns to fear.
@_date: 2013-11-29 11:41:48


It won't revolutionise the status quo if the people currently running the fed are the people owning most of bitcoin.  Just as the Fed created something "as good as gold" in 1913, it's quite possible they performed the same trick on the world again: "as good as gold" 2.0.
If Satoshi is the people currently running the status quo (and you can't prove that it isn't, since Satoshi is conveniently unknown), you'll be improving on the status quo, rather than revolutionising it.
For centuries, ever since they realised alchemy didn't work, governments have been trying to create the next best thing to gold that they could own more of.  Something "as good as gold".  Seems to me their moment may have arrived.  Every libertarian that thought they were sticking two fingers at the Fed may well be very surprised.
@_date: 2013-11-25 01:51:16
You've just quoted Austrian theory on deflation at me.  Great.  Except we're not talking about deflation.
@_date: 2013-07-24 15:19:32
Look, I understand how you might have gotten confused.  Maybe you first heard about Bitcoin as a technology buff, and despite being into statism in other aspects of your life, you thought it was a pretty neat thing and got deeper into it.  
On top of this, you've got a distorted picture of anarcho-capitalism that you've gathered from a quick glance at a Wikipedia article.  
So, now, you've got some cognitive dissonance going on, and you're projecting it onto what you think Bitcoin should be about.
The fact remains that Bitcoin is rooted in extreme libertarianism, which is challenging the role of the state one sector at a time.  Today it's technology solving monetary supply and central banking, tomorrow it'll be technology solving security and policing, the day after it'll be technological solutions to roads and utilities, the day after that it'll be courts, the day after that it'll be defense, etc.  
Every step along the way, there'll be people who say the technology is neutral and should dissociate itself from "those crazy ancaps" to gain traction.  Bitcoin found its way into a broader group of people, such as yourself, and that is wonderful, but let's not pretend that there were any other groups advocating taking the management of monetary supply away from the hands of government when Bitcoin was started.  Even staunch minarchist libertarians like Milton Friedman were still advocating that monetary supply should be controlled by government.
Now, with respect, none of the points you've raised are particularly new to me, and I'm just not learning anything new from my interaction with you.  So, feel free to your own sense of "closure" by responding, but don't expect me to carry on with the effort of talking to someone who just hasn't been around long enough to get the bigger picture and isn't willing to do their homework.
@_date: 2013-07-22 13:42:36
You bring up some interesting points, EwoutDVP.  
Nevertheless, I disagree with your statement that, because bitcoin is a neutral technology, it is therefore not AC.  
You see, the very fact that you think of it as a neutral technology means that it has been depoliticised and taken out of the hands of state institutions and into the hands of private institutions.
A neutral technology is what money should have always been.  In many ways, it always was a neutral technology when gold was money, since the state had to make ends meet just like everyone else and couldn't magically create it out of thin air.  The act of reclaiming what money is, and to let its value be defined by the market, is an AC act.
Of course, once that AC act has been done, you may use it for whatever purpose you like.  You can even set up tightly controlled communist-inspired micro-societies, if that is what you and your like-minded associates want to do.  
That liberty is what extreme libertarianism is all about.  If you have an idea for creating a better society, it should be as easy for you to set it up and try it out as two kids in a garage building the next dotcom.  
@_date: 2013-11-17 13:28:17
No.  His understanding of Gresham's Law is correct.
Gresham's Law is the simple statement that money which will devalue is going to be the first one people want to spend, in return for anything that is a better store of value.  
The paradigm behind Gresham's Law is that there are two opposing forces applying to any currency, one that makes it want to move quickly (everyone getting rid of it in exchange for goods, call this force A) and the other that makes it lie still (everyone hording it and not buying things with it, call this force B).  
Gresham's Law simply illustrates that money which doesn't store value very well will increase in vector A, whereas money that stores value over time will increase in vector B.  So, you naturally have a separation of functions between two currencies, one which ends up being used as a medium of exchange, the other as a store of value.
You can see this IRL, for example, in many latin american countries where the exchange rate is not fixed, people still use USD to save up (most savings accounts are in USD) but use the national currency to buy groceries and pay bills.
@_date: 2013-11-19 16:34:54
Sure, but look at the curves in between.
Also, hopefully we won't get the scenario where it took gold 20 years to start recovering from the 1980 drop.  
Volcker had to do some amazing acrobatics to regain the world's trust in the USD back then (raising interest rates to 15% +, among other things)... but they did get there in the space of about a year.
@_date: 2013-11-29 10:10:35
2 orders of magnitude bigger than the 12 billion Bitcoin is worth today.
Also, if you're a libertarian bitcoiner, ask yourself in all seriousness: who created Bitcoin?  If you were the Fed and had lost your gold over the years, and your dollar wasn't being taken so seriously anymore (the dollar used to be "as good as gold"), wouldn't you want to create something that everyone thought was the new gold?
@_date: 2013-11-29 21:00:38
Think of it as a swimming pool
Imagine if Bitcoin is worth 1 dollar, and there are 12 million bitcoins.  If you need to move 10 million dollars from A to B, you need to buy up the majority of available coins, thereby destroying the market, because your impact is huge.  It's like a heavy person jumping into a small bathtub.  Relatively speaking, you're creating huge waves.
If, on the other hand, Bitcoin is worth, say, 10,000,000 per coin, then moving 12 million dollars on the network affects the entire network significantly less.  This time, you only need to buy 1 coin out of the total 12 million coins to move your money around, hardly distorting the market at all.  This time, you're like an ant diving into an olympic pool, hardly affecting the waves at all.  
So, as you can see by this analogy, bitcoin is more efficient at the very thing it does when its price is very, very high.  The problem is that it needs to get to that very high price for it to perform this function.  It's a catch-22.  The only way it can be good at its job is if its price is high, and the only way its price will get high is if it's good at its job.
@_date: 2013-11-27 02:31:12
Typically, the debtor periods end up in hyperinflation, general dishonesty from people trying to make money faster than it is devaluing (stock market bubbles), riots, etc. until a strong leader takes over and restores order, both financially and politically.  
The assignats currency, after the French revolution of 1789, is a great example.  They started off as bits of paper backed by the newly reclaimed possessions of executed aristos and the church.  Various successive governments then created more of them to pay for the state debts, as productivity kept falling, which then led to further devaluation of the assignats, which resulted in less people putting their faith in them, which resulted in the state outlawing anyone criticising the assignats, which led to people refusing them in trade altogether, which led to government illegalising that refusal by penalty of death (those guillotines certainly got busier), which led to the Great Terror, etc. until Napoleon took over and restored the gold standard. Andrew Dickson White wrote a very good analysis of that period, called Fiat Money Inflation in France ([PDF](
@_date: 2013-12-03 00:15:30
It's a great post, and he is right about crypto-currency.  
But Schiff's answer would be: if you're just thinking about sending wealth with bitcoin, i.e. turning dollars into crypto and back to dollars at the other end then there is no need for you to use Bitcoin, you could use any of the other cryptocurrencies.  So, while the sending has value, it is in itself a value that can be replicated by other cryptocoins.  
Now, a lot of people will say "network effect".  But network effect is irrelevant if both parties know what the other party is going to use.  It's just as easy to switch out of bitcoin into litecoin or any of the other altcoins.
@_date: 2013-11-29 15:40:23
That is an interesting question...  
It would be the other way around, however.  Say, for gold, there's a 90 to 1 ratio of paper gold vs. physical gold.  So, when the paper market collapses (with so many people in China buying physical only), you'll see a game of musical chairs with 90 holders of paper gold jumping on every single ounce.  So, the price of physical would rise very dramatically.
The same applies to all other markets where you've got more futures or derivatives than actual product.
With bitcoin, it's the other way round.  The ratio of bitcoins that is held is 25 times greater than bitcoin that is used.  So, those 25 people are all potential sellers, not buyers.  Any market implosion would lead to an oversupply of bitcoin, not overdemand.  So, the price of bitcoin would drop (very dramatically).
@_date: 2013-11-25 11:06:50
I'm not lamenting the deflationary nature of BTC.  In fact, I think it's crazy the way so many in the press have been giving deflation a bad wrap.  I suspect the main reason for this misinformation is that debtors do extremely badly in a deflation, since their net debts get bigger as a result of it.  Given that the majority of poor people, as well as the governments themselves, are all debtors, it makes sense that they should want to inflate that debt away.  The conflicts we will see between Bitcoin and fiat are the conflicts we have seen throughout history between debtors and savers. 
We are actually agreeing: the fundamental network of merchants and people using BTC to write contracts, escrow systems, etc. is the core of BTC's value.  That core expands at a fast rate, but not so fast as to make the price explode the way it has.  The core expansion in relation to the amount of bitcoins would be a measure of deflation.  i.e. the growth, positive or negative, of an economy in relation to its supply of currency.  Since the price explosion is way over and above the core expansion of the Bitcoin economy, it is not part of Bitcoin's deflation.  If people buy into and out of a currency without entering the Bitcoin economy itself, through the purchase of goods and services in the Bitcoin economy, then they do not grow the Bitcoin economy.
@_date: 2013-11-27 00:02:58
You would increase the market cap but still own the same percentage of it as it grew i.e. maintaining your actual leverage.  
It's hard to say at what size it becomes impossible, since the payoff increases with size.  Soros famously pushed the British Pound out of the boat in the early 90s and made just over 2 billion in a week as a result, thanks to his excellent timing and personal following.
Also, some markets are more exposed to coordinated attacks due to the greater percentage of futures or derivatives.  In the gold market, for example, the physical stuff is currently impossible to price accurately beyond small demand at the margins, because over 95% of the market is paper gold i.e. future contracts.  So, since there is so much paper claiming ownership of the physical stuff (but never actually demanding delivery), the spot price ends up being very unrepresentative of what the physical price would be if you bought in larger quantities than a few hundred thousand ounces.  Of course, what's interesting is that people have responded very unexpectedly in Asia to the drops, by buying more of it when it dropped.  So, the paper market is reaching a critical point where it will be disconnected to the physical completely.  At that point, the paper market implodes, the paper price of gold collapses while the price of physical goes, well, to the moon...
@_date: 2013-11-27 15:42:16
Exactly.  It's, funnily enough, what a few people at Cheviot Asset Management's Gold conference (around 2011) were advocating gold would do: hold onto it until two dozen ounces will buy you a house in Chelsea.  
I still think this is the likely scenario for gold, once more people get used to the idea of sound money again, and once paper gold reaches critical leverage where it becomes a game of musical chairs.  
To really get the financial giants interested (central banks, etc.), a physical correlation between gold and bitcoin would be ideal.
@_date: 2013-11-27 02:08:37
That is true.  But when it comes to monetary products, you'll be amazed how quickly Wall Street then come up with a better product.  
For example, a lot of people talk about Bitcoin's network effect, and it's true network effect is hard to beat.  
But there are today companies that could achieve near instant network effect.  Big telecoms providers, for example, could decide that credit on your phone is currency.  In fact, there are countries in Africa where phone credit is a currency, as you can transfer your phone credit from phone to phone in an instant.  People use this system to send money back home.  They work in the city, and send phone credit to their wives and children back in the village, who then spend it in local shops.  The shops use this phone credit to give change to people who hand them banknotes.
@_date: 2013-11-28 14:22:26
Is there a lot of talk about Bitcoin in the press in Argentina, or zero?  I noticed in Peruvian newspapers even online, it's practically zero, and I can't see any reason why...
@_date: 2013-03-30 04:08:20
Thank you, miscreanity, I didn't know about Ripple.  Very interesting stuff.
@_date: 2013-03-31 00:23:58
The biggest competitor to Bitcoin is not the US dollar.  It's the ease with which big corps can create more convenient currencies with the backing of USG or other govs.
Bitcoin's value right now is its network value.  There are quite a few players in the internet, telecoms or payments sector that could achieve near-instant network value many times greater than Bitcoin's.  Claro, in Latin America, is a telecoms network with over 200 million users.  It wouldn't take much for them to create a currency that you could send from one phone to the other, paid for through your phone bill (phone credits, essentially).  Similar systems to this already exist in Africa, where the M-Pesa is quite popular as it allows people to send money from one phone to the other in the form of pre-paid phone credit.
There are other payment networks like Western Union that could see the benefit in allying themselves with telcos or payment companies to offer a new monetary product that is more user-friendly than Bitcoin.
This is just the beginning...  But it's the beginning of a market, not of a single product.
@_date: 2013-07-23 12:28:24
Holders of bitcoin are private companies using it to trade, and private individuals using it to buy and sell goods.  
The bitcoin foundation is also a private institution.  Any banking or other financial services is done between private institutions.  
All the bitcoin miners are private companies or private people.
There is no central bank, there is no state involved anywhere in its management, no state institution forcing the interest rate or managing its supply for political reasons.  
So, this is a private currency, created by private institutions, managed by private institutions, for private institutions.
@_date: 2013-11-26 17:02:34
I'm surprised people seem to think that Bitcoin is somehow in battle with Wall Street.  It's like ants thinking humans are at war with them because everytime they come into contact with humans, they get squashed or whisked away.  Bitcoin could be 10x bigger than it is, and Wall Street could still eat it by lunchtime. 
 I'm also surprised that people think somehow Bitcoin is so smart Wall Street wouldn't understand it.  Wall Street is populated with some of the smartest people on the planet, and gives quants the most amazing incentives to work things out.  The first people knocking at your door when you get your PhD in Mathematics from a decent university are based on Wall Street, in the City, in Frankfurt or Zurich.
@_date: 2013-11-27 02:00:43
Exactly.  To go into your first point, yes, if/when the market cap gets to, say, 1 trillion, you will likely have much stabler variations.  The trick is to get there, surviving all the attacks along the way.  Gold survives these attacks because there are true giants who've been storing their wealth in it for generations.  Not talking the Winkles here, or even Zuck.  Talking about oil families whose main problem is what to do with their hundreds of billions so the value doesn't erode, or some families who've been in the 0.0000000001% for a dozen generations or more (gold with its own family crest on it).
The other point to make about Bitcoin ever reaching 1 trillion market cap is that you would see serious political ramifications.  Something like a civil war happening between debtors on the one side and savers on the other.  Face it, what many US and European people want (subsidies, benefits, free healthcare, etc.) can only be paid for with more debt.  They get into debt, and their governments get into debt.  
Bitcoin, being a harder currency, belongs in the savers camp with gold, the enemy of the debtor because it represents wealth you can't fiddle with.
What's more interesting is that you'd be surprised how many people you think are wealthy are actually seriously in debt, and how many people you think aren't wealthy, are actually supersavers.  Throughout history, when a transition happens from hard to soft currency, or from soft to hard currency, you get great turmoil between those two mindsets.  No doubt it will happen again this time around.
Re: the stampede.  Indeed.  Super exciting to watch.  These are interesting times.
@_date: 2013-11-28 22:39:10
Well done. In the UK, you've got Bitstamp.net and Blockchain.info - both reputable exchanges.
@_date: 2013-11-18 11:36:10
Can you give me an example where it does not apply?
@_date: 2013-11-29 21:06:51
I guess it depends on which side of the US debt you are.  
If you're the guy owing 17 trillion dollars to the rest of the world, it's great if you can say "here, have these bitcoins I just made up".  
If you're the chinese person who's spent most of his life working hard to make iPads in exchange for bits of paper, it would be nice if the savings you accumulated (3 trillion dollars right now) were not going to be inflated into oblivion.
@_date: 2013-11-22 15:03:31
Exactly.  You would have some of your wealth reinvested into other things that give you a good return, but your biggest problem wouldn't be investment to acquire more, but storage of value that doesn't erode what you've got right now.  This is where gold comes into the picture.  Thousands of years of doing one thing, and one thing only: storing value.
@_date: 2013-12-01 13:43:40
Some would, I understand your point very well.  But bear in mind that nearly all the stores accepting bitcoin do so through systems like bitpay, that convert it immediately back into fiat because they will need to pay income tax on their income in fiat.  
They cannot afford to take the risk that their earnings might be less than the income tax they have to pay, simply because of FX variation between the moment they take income and the moment they need to pay tax on that income.  
@_date: 2013-11-24 22:29:10
And this, ladies and gentlemen, is why Bitcoin is currently in a bubble: people not buying Bitcoin because they appreciate Bitcoin as money in its own right, but buying Bitcoin so they can sell it when the price is high, to some bigger fool.
Don't misunderstand, I'm a fan of Bitcoin, but that is exactly why this kind of comment saddens me.  The more this mindset permeates the Bitcoin growing community that "Bitcoin is for cashing out later when you've sold it at a higher price, to someone who will sell it at a higher price still", the more Bitcoin will eventually fail.
@_date: 2013-11-24 22:43:43
Bitcoin can be too small for its shoes and not collapse, simply based on market momentum.  In other words, market momentum can keep growing the shoes.  That doesn't mean the shoes aren't too big.  
Look around you.  Front page on so many newspapers and magazines.  People on Reddit screaming "I've made X from Bitcoin because I forgot my password last year!" and commenters discussing whether they should cash out now or wait a while longer before they cash out.  It's all about cashing out.  
So, it may be that more people take the bite because of the mania, which means, of course, that the price will keep rising, and then they'll cash out.  But this will just make the price fall harder as the growth in *use* of Bitcoin (i.e. people using it to trade for products, for sending money, etc.) isn't  anywhere near as fast as this momentum.
Look at the chart in April.  Peak 250, then drop to 80.  That's a 75% drop from peak to bottom.  Of course, 80 was still higher than what it was before the sudden rush, and the price stabilised at 120 or thereabouts.  The same will happen now, just with higher numbers.  I'm not going to time it, I'd be a fool to try to time a complex system like this.  But I think you'd be a fool too if you claimed you could.  We are both in agreement, though, that there will be a crash before the next wave of growth.  The question is only whether you want to gamble on it or not.
@_date: 2013-11-29 09:21:24
Exactly.  I'm amazed how many libertarians are buying into Bitcoin because they think it's somehow going to take them off the matrix.  A matrix is exactly what Bitcoin is!
Many people I know had exactly the same sentiment about the internet itself when I started working in dotcom in the mid-90s.  Look where we are today: the internet is the most advanced surveillance matrix leviathan has ever produced.
It's very annoying that these "to the moon" posts are taking r/bitcoin's attention away from the issues that really matter: the product itself, what the nature of it is in relation to other media of exchange and stores of value, etc.
@_date: 2013-11-19 15:02:03
This beer thing is pretty cool, especially because in french a tip is a "pourboire", which means "for drinking".  
How does this work, does bitcointip take the price of a beer from somewhere?  Is it just the one thing or what else can you donate?
@_date: 2013-11-22 02:13:15
I think the difference between most Bitcoiners and Schiff is that Schiff has seen some truly wealthy people.  I'm not talking about the Winklevii here, I'm talking about financial giants: oil families, and families that have been in the top 0.0000001% for centuries.  To them, the timeline goes beyond the next decade, it is measured in multiple generations.  They own the law, and they own a lot of gold...
Think about it.  If you were earning a billion a month, what would you do to store your wealth?
@_date: 2013-12-04 00:03:18
There doesn't have to be a point.  It's a simple statement of fact.  I've been working on the internet since the early 90s, and remember the libertarian elation we all had with it very well, despite it having its root in DARPA.  
@_date: 2013-07-24 00:54:23
David Friedman on Anarcho-capitalism:
@_date: 2013-11-29 17:25:10
Good question.  Here's what a possible answer might be.  For the past few centuries, the world has been oscillating between sound currencies and debt-based currencies.  
There are transitions that occur from one to the other that are very unstable, economically and politically.  Ever since Nixon closed the gold window in 71, the US has been running up a tab that is now measured in the tens of trillion dollars.  Clearly, many other trade parties (China, oil states, etc) are increasingly unhappy with that situation and looking for sound money to be restored one way or another.
So, if you're a realist central banker, your focus is going to shift towards how to manage that transition in a way that is economically to your advantage, rather than stopping it (a near impossible task).  And one way this can be to your advantage is if this is a currency you have created from maths, instead of it being a currency you have to buy (i.e. acquiring bigger gold reserves and distorting that market).  
So, the Fed would lose its exhorbitant privilege of being able to print the next world reserve currency at will, but it would have a tremendous headstart if the rest of the world were to accept the "world money" you have created.
@_date: 2013-04-11 21:12:07
Water: the more you try to hold it, the more it slips through your fingers.
@_date: 2013-11-17 20:02:21


You could not be further from the truth.  I have lived in Latin American countries that experienced more than 10,000 percent hyperinflation (Peru, to be precise).  The very reason there is hyperinflation in the first place is that merchants *will* accept the overvalued currency, but only at a higher rate, foreseeing the fact that they will themselves have to get rid of it.  That higher rate is aggregated into the price matrix, at which point the price signals become reflexive and translate into exponentially greater margins.  
Good money does not drive out bad money, good money is horded for the very reason that it keeps its value, when bad money doesn't.  What would you rather keep: a leaky bucket or a watertight bucket?  The buyer wants to get rid of their increasingly useless currency, whatever it takes.  That "whatever it takes" is translated into exponentially increasing prices.  It's a demand issue, not a supply issue.  Hyperinflation is not just "higher inflation" (which is a monetary supply issue), it's a monetary demand issue, like pushing on a string without the person on the other side pulling the string.
@_date: 2013-11-22 15:07:02
Indeed.  Which is why the paper price today may indeed control the price of physical, but a lot of people know that this only works at the margin today.  There is no way physical delivery can be assured at the current spot price, and the more physical delivery is taking place (as is the case with the GLD right now), the higher the risk on the remaining paper gold defaulting on physical delivery.  At some point, the game of musical chairs stops, and the paper price goes to zero, while the price of physical goes to the moon.
@_date: 2013-11-22 14:59:17


I agree.  Gold is one of the few commodities that doesn't actually need a futures market, since the stuff is never actually consumed.  For other commodities, it makes sense to say "I'm going to need wheat in January" and, since there's no wheat being produced in January, you buy a future delivery today to avoid a shortage.  But with gold, since the gold is not actually consumed, every current holder is a potential future seller (at the right price), so there wouldn't be a shortage.
@_date: 2013-11-29 18:20:25
Gold is very good at storing value over long periods of time.  The longer it has been doing that, the better it is at doing that, since the proof of concept is strengthened the more it does it.
Gold is easy to transport wealth with: a little suitcase will buy you a big house anywhere on the planet.  Bitcoin claims to be good for transporting wealth with, but this is only true if bitcoin's price is a few orders of magnitude greater than it currently is.
@_date: 2013-12-04 00:04:58
Indeed. I'm often amazed how unforeseen consequences end up shaping our world orders of magnitude more than the intended ones.
@_date: 2013-11-28 23:22:58
Hmmm, you're right, not really, it's a system for wallet keeping that doesn't imply downloading the whole QT.  So you can receive BTC on it, and send them of course...  
@_date: 2013-11-25 11:48:29
It is indeed very exciting...
If you think about it in the bigger picture, in the next price surge, Bitcoin may well do to China what Hungary's opening of borders did to the Eastern block, back in 1989.  
As soon as Hungary decided it could no longer enforce the law of not allowing people to travel to the West, East Germans were able to travel to West Germany by going South to Hungary and then West.  That first hole in the iron curtain was what eventually led to the fall of the Berlin wall.
@_date: 2013-11-18 18:46:27
Isn't that what people said back in April-May?  Remember, in quite a few interviews, Andreesen actually said he foresaw not just one bubble, but 5 or 6.  So, if you're going to buy now, make sure you have the balls to hold on while it drops back down to 200, in the hope you'll see 1000 or more a few months later...
@_date: 2013-11-24 01:06:11
Gavin Andriessen himself created a few simulation models of how Bitcoin would behave, and made a fairly convincing presentation two years ago that Bitcoin would go through 5 or 6 bubbles and crashes.  If there is no economic activity sustaining the market cap for Bitcoin right now, because let's face it, the currency is in its infancy, then there will be nothing to sustain the current price, except expectations of future returns through selling at a higher price.  So, with the kind of vertical take off we've seen right now, you would be wise to forecast a drop to around 300-400 before it stabilises at 500 to 600.  Give it another few months then to see the same pattern repeat itself at double or triple the current peak.
So, TL;DR, you will very likely see a crash or two or three before reaching those stratospheric levels...
@_date: 2013-11-28 22:51:19
Re: what govt can do.  I'm not talking about what government can do in terms of illegalising it.  I'm talking about what govt can do to any market with as small a cap as bitcoin.  What govt can do is what Wall Street can do or anyone else with access to even just a couple of billion.
Let me put it to you this way: Gordon Brown managed to kill the price of gold for a couple years simply by selling a truckload of it at the right time, catching the right wave.  This is an asset owned by real giants (by the kind of organisations that would eat the Winklevii for breakfast) and LBMA managed to beat it to a pulp in the late 90s.
Re: Moldbug.  Just remember this: what is happening right now with Bitcoin is part of a cycle that has been flowing in and out of sound money for centuries.  This isn't the first time governments have gotten in debt way over their limit, and it isn't the first time that sound money comes back with a vengeance.  But it always, every time, has happened with a serious political battle the likes of which will fill you with horror.  Hyperinflation in the 20s triggered national socialism.  Assignats in the 1790s triggered the Great Terror which ended with Napoleon in power.  The examples are many.  This is a historical wave that goes far beyond the "to the moon" mindset we've been seeing here for a while...
@_date: 2013-11-25 02:08:50
The merchants that supposedly accept Bitcoin won't be seeing it as a currency either.  They'll be seeing it as a payment system.  A way to reduce the cost of payment processing, by accepting payment without having to rely on Visa, Moneygram, etc.  To them, it's "we accept bitcoins and turn them straight into dollars".  They cannot stay in bitcoin, because they are not speculators, they are hairdressers and coffeeshops.  If they speculate and stay in bitcoin when the time comes to pay their taxes on profits, they're screwed if bitcoin happens to be worth 50% less than it was when they took it.
Now, a payment system is fine, but it's not fulfilling the monetary purpose that was intended and, as such, has a very different valuation than is being claimed in the price right now.
@_date: 2013-07-23 16:39:51
So, if I understand you correctly, you're saying Bitcoin is not a private currency?  I'd be interested to find out which government department you think is responsible for managing bitcoin.
Re: Fed.  It may be privately owned, but the USD's legal tender status is enforced by government.  It's called legal tender for a reason.
@_date: 2013-12-04 02:01:54
What I'm saying is that this acquired property of storing value, after a while, becomes its intrinsic property.  It no longer needs intrinsic value because our society has evolved to spin around that value.
There are other things we have evolved to spin around.  For example, pasta is a very good method for preserving energy in carbohydrates.  If you covert flour into pasta rather than bread, it'll keep for years. 
Now, that in itself is relatively valuable.  But what we've ended up doing is much bigger: we have evolved culinary context around pasta.  So, we learn to create a lot of amazing dishes around pasta, to the point where it becomes part of the fabric of society.  So, now, you could say that some of the acquired value has become intrinsic to it.  Pasta is now no longer just a good way to store calories, it is now also an essential part of great dishes.  Those great dishes are things we have grown around the initial good store of calories.
In the same way, gold started off with acquired properties e.g. network effect, etc. and after a while our society evolved around that fact.  The act of saving, of seeing value in postponing consumption for later, etc. dictates a whole set of moral values that humanity now spins around. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 20:48:13
It depends on which side of the US debt you are.  Debtors sure don't mind if they get to create the money they owe their debt in.  Savers, not so much. 
@_date: 2013-12-13 13:28:45
No, in the EU there is no sales tax on gold coins.  There is VAT on silver, but not on gold.
Also, in the UK there are gold coins like the Britannia and the Sovereign which are Capital Gains Tax exempt, due to the fact that they have a face value that is significantly lower than the value of the gold itself.
So, Britannias and Sovereigns are VAT as well as CGT exempt.
@_date: 2013-11-28 03:55:41
What country?  (if you don't mind me asking?)
@_date: 2013-11-18 16:41:48
@_date: 2013-11-17 13:27:07
Incorrect.  Gresham's Law is the simple statement that money which will devalue is going to be the first one people want to spend, in return for anything that is a better store of value.  
The paradigm behind Gresham's Law is that there are two opposing forces applying to any currency, one that makes it want to move quickly (everyone getting rid of it in exchange for goods, call this force A) and the other that makes it lie still (everyone hording it and not buying things with it, call this force B).  
Gresham's Law simply illustrates that money which doesn't store value very well will increase in vector A, whereas money that stores value over time will increase in vector B.  So, you naturally have a separation of functions between two currencies, one which ends up being used as a medium of exchange, the other as a store of value.
You can see this IRL, for example, in many latin american countries where the exchange rate is not fixed, people still use USD to save up (most savings accounts are in USD) but use the national currency to buy groceries and pay bills.
@_date: 2013-11-29 14:55:38


Just sayin.
@_date: 2013-11-27 23:17:38


Not really.  Why should Slim's business model need to differ from Sakamoto's or any of the other developers?  As we can see, the people who developed Bitcoin are getting very wealthy simply from owning a lot of bitcoins.  Their wealth increases with the value of the bitcoins themselves.  Just as they don't own the platform, Slim wouldn't have to own the platform either to generate new wealth for himself.
Also, Slim wouldn't have to invest billions.  In fact, he could just copy the entire Bitcoin platform, the way LiteCoin did (aside from scrypt, the confirmation algos and a few other features), and release it under a brand name in partnership with a few other key players.  People would trust it because they'd see less volatility in it.  Remember, not everyone's priorities are oriented towards freedom from banks, etc.
@_date: 2013-11-18 16:54:53
@_date: 2013-11-29 11:37:01
OK, let me put it to you a different way.  Let's say you run the Fed.  Your currency is on its last legs.  Your dollar used to be "as good as gold" but those days are long gone.  Wouldn't you want to create something that was cheap for you to acquire (they were worth 0 when they started) and that would soon be hailed as "gold 2.0"?
Of course, if you're currently holding bitcoin, you'll do very well.  You bought the next reserve currency at a relatively low price.  
But don't mistake this for some kind of libertarian dream.  It's not.  It's the very opposite: you thought you were out of the matrix, when you're diving headfirst into it.
@_date: 2013-11-19 16:29:47
Cool!  Thank you, usrn.
@_date: 2013-11-26 23:07:28
Of course you can short bitcoin.  You can't naked short bitcoin, as you said, because it's not like they can borrow them from anywhere.  But you can just pump up the price by steadily buying over a couple of weeks, and then dumping a tonne of them to strategically chosen buyers.  Rinse and repeat as long as the market is reflexive, which at this market cap, is going to be a while.
@_date: 2013-03-30 05:13:12
Thanks for going into some more depth with me, M_R.  Good brainfood...
@_date: 2013-11-19 19:44:09
Fair point.  A lot of people did get "stuck" with gold they bought at the peak, and for a long time too...  Then again, if you're not selling, price movement is irrelevant.  Some wealthy European families have been keeping their gold for centuries, because they just don't need to sell.
@_date: 2013-11-28 14:04:03
My question is, how many bitcoins are going to be available in Argentina if bank transfers to other countries are limited?  Isn't it just the case that you have to live with localbitcoins.com or whatever?
Sorry, I didn't know buying gold was illegal in Argentina.  I thought you were talking about dollars and bitcoins.  Are you sure about this?  
If not, you don't have to use banks, try smaller jewellery shops, ask them about 1ounce silver coins if you're not able to find bitcoins, because Argentina produces a lot of silver...  In Peru there are quite a few small jewellery shops that will sell gold at the spot price.  They get it from Madre de Dios, a region where there's a lot of gold mining.
@_date: 2013-11-27 12:05:56
Indeed.  Very good example with Argentina, there.  It's funny how people end up blaming the figurehead for what is essentially just fluid dynamics.  It's just what happens when the one and only item used for both medium of exchange and store of value is biased into one camp (the debtors') than the other.  
Of course, transitions also occur throughout history from hard currency back to soft...
@_date: 2013-11-30 17:31:41
I agree.  Anything that "is wealth" becomes an escape when the numeraire fails.  It's a great experiment to see if, when the monetary layer detaches itself, bitcoin will be considered by the market to be wealth in the true (physical) sense of the word, or not.  
One way to find out might be if, at a time of crisis, oil-rich nations are prepared to part with their precious oil in exchange for these bits.
@_date: 2013-11-27 23:07:23
Looks like you might have a bit more to research on gold.  Just because you don't buy into the Peter Schiff stuff, doesn't mean Peter Schiff is all there is to gold.
@_date: 2013-11-27 15:56:04
Gosh, that was quick...
Another great book on the subject, this time looking at the better known hyperinflation in Weimar Germany back in the 20s, is "When Money Dies" by Adam Fergusson.  He goes more in the actual individual citizen's life, looking at what exactly changes in people's morals when their money becomes untrustworthy.  You get all the stories we've heard about people using wheelbarrows to move their money just to buy a loaf of bread, but it also looks at the road that got them there.  
A lot of people seem to think, for example, that government is the initiator of the great money printing phase, and that as long as they don't do that, hyperinflation won't happen.  It turns out that the critical moment that takes you into hyperinflation is not the change in monetary supply, but in monetary demand.  
Think of it as pushing on a string at a moment when the other person suddenly slows down their pulling.  So, the government's great printing phase is actually a reaction to this drop in tension, they are not the prime mover in the process.
It's rare to find a PDF of it online, the only one I found is here -  - so I recommend downloading a copy rather than reading in browser.
@_date: 2013-11-24 23:21:13
Measuring one bitcoin vs one ounce of gold is meaningless.  You need to look at the total market cap.
Realise, too, that gold is the store of value of giants.  
When oil families sitting on trillions of dollars of resources start selling their gold and using Bitcoin to store value instead, that's when you can start saying Bitcoin is a better store of value than gold.
@_date: 2013-11-18 18:12:38
Followed by the crash we saw earlier this year, only 3 times deeper?
@_date: 2013-11-20 23:51:28
It's really too early to say what kind of money BTC is.  If it were to become the next reserve currency, it absolutely would be a hard money.  The fact that it's so divisible would be neither here nor there: gold is also incredibly divisible.  Definitions of hard money and soft money are 13 to the dozen.  I like to keep it simple, and think of hard money as in "hard to make more of it".  
The erratic behaviour of BTC is, as I see it, entirely to do with the fact that it's such a small pool at the moment, so any person with more than a million to throw at it will move the market and create ripplling effects. If bitcoin were, say, USD100,000 per unit, this wouldn't happen, because the millionaire would only be buying 10 units.  So, the higher the price, the more it actually becomes useful at what it's been designed to do.
@_date: 2013-11-18 18:09:15
Is your son a shoeshine boy?
^^Shoeshine ^^boys ^^giving ^^investment ^^advice ^^has ^^become ^^a ^^Wall ^^Street ^^metaphor ^^for ^^prototypical ^^behavior ^^at ^^the ^^top ^^of ^^financial ^^markets ^^bubbles.
@_date: 2013-12-04 16:54:54
The ignorance of journalists on subjects I know very well always makes me doubt their knowledge on subjects I don't know.
@_date: 2013-11-29 17:10:22
It has to do with the fact that over 20% of Bitcoin is owned by an unknown party.  
If you were a central bank with the exhorbitant privilege of printing the world's reserve currency, and other countries were losing faith in your currency, wouldn't you want to create the next world reserve currency instead of having to buy truckloads of gold?
@_date: 2013-12-09 12:17:49
Yes.  Look at the peak to bottom price and work out the percentages yourself.  
Now, remember that this is a price drop that was actually triggered by a $4m sale by government itself on a market that was orders of magnitude bigger than the bitcoin market cap.
Put it this way: in 2013, the Fed buys up a brand new 85 billion dollars of assets every single month.  I repeat, 85 billion, every month.  
I'll give you another impressive figure: China alone has imported 2400 tons of gold in the past 2 years.
By comparison, BTC's market cap is about 10 billion today.  
Conclusion: 1869 was a picnic party compared to what they can do to BTC any day of the week.
@_date: 2013-11-22 01:40:30


Now, the truth is that Bitcoin is not immune to this phenomenon at all.  You could easily set up a futures market for Bitcoin, derivatives, the lot.  If I have a contract with you that pays you a Bitcoin next month, you can then start trading that contract with other people all the way until delivery time.  The price of that contract will go up and down in derivative fashion depending on whether people think it'll be worth more next month or not.
Once there's a market for those contracts, you've essentially got a paper market for Bitcoins, just as there's currently a paper market for gold.  
When there are, say, 10x more contracts than "physical" Bitcoin, then the derivative price of the contracts controls the price of the actual Bitcoins.  As such, it can then be manipulated with extra leverage, just as the gold paper market is manipulated today with 80 to 1 leverage.
@_date: 2013-07-24 11:20:53


Ancap and government are not mutually exclusive either.  You're confusing state and governance.
@_date: 2013-11-27 23:08:47
Comparing 1 BTC to an ounce of gold is meaningless.  You need to look at the total market cap.  We have several orders of magnitude to go yet.
@_date: 2013-07-23 16:45:42
F.A. Hayek's Denationalisation of Money, written in 1976.
@_date: 2013-11-28 14:07:59
Sorry, to continue my last post.  The thing to buy in gold, if you don't know how to verify it, is just coins.  Counterfeiters don't really bother with coins because it's such hard work.  Krugerrands are good, accepted worldwide.  Or American Eagles, or even better British Sovereigns or Britannias (which you can resell worldwide).
@_date: 2013-11-28 03:41:25
To be honest, I'm ever so surprised Google haven't tried creating their own currency yet.  After all, currency is information, and Google's mission is to organise the world's information.
@_date: 2013-07-22 09:24:17
Why would you say Bitcoin is not anarcho-capitalist?  
It's the very definition of a product which was until now provided by the state as a monopoly over a geographical area, and which is now provided by a private entity.  
The essence of anarcho-capitalism is depoliticising the political i.e. providing through the market what is currently provided by a coercive monopoly called the state.  So, the questions are, to simplify the discussion:
What if Wikipedia provided education?  What if Apple provided housing?  What if Google built the roads? What if Bitcoin provided money?
Bitcoin is the perfect depoliticisation of a political sector i.e. the very definition of anarcho-capitalist.
@_date: 2013-11-29 12:16:01
It's something I've been thinking about these last couple of days.  I don't think it's something to be dismissed so easily as a "two-bit conspiracy", given that neither you nor I are any more knowledgeable about it.
Re: the "making sense for government" part.  I think it's a mistake to assume government is just one single institution.  It's lots of institutions competing against each other.  
Now, does it make sense for an organisation that is currently behind the USD to create the next "as good as gold" currency?  Yes, absolutely.  If you were the Fed, and the world was quickly losing faith in your previous "as good as gold" currency (the dollar), and you foresaw a transition back to sound money, wouldn't you want to ensure that this new sound money was something you could create out of numbers, rather than having to buy it on the gold market?
For those of us who've been working on internet since the mid-90s, the pattern would be all too familiar: a new network is created, hailed by libertarians as the next thing towards a humanity free from leviathan.  20 years later, we get the Snowden revelations, and it turns out the new network itself takes us a few steps closer to leviathan.
@_date: 2013-07-23 16:52:39
Bitcoin is a private currency.  Private currencies have been at the core of AnCap theory at least since FA Hayek wrote "Denationalisation of Money" in 1976.  
@_date: 2013-11-28 20:11:51
Funny how everyone here talks about the bubble chart, when the more interesting stuff is later on in the article...
@_date: 2013-11-29 21:30:17
Exactly, you're absolutely right.  But this is the reason why you can think of gold as the market of giants.  With gold you can be a complete giant, and still buy and sell gold, or store it for decades or centuries and the rest of the market run just fine.  
Now, there is a caveat to my point about gold, which is that I'm talking about physical gold.  You see, to keep the price relatively low (for various political reasons too long to go into depth now), a paper gold market has been created over the last few decades i.e. futures and derivatives, which today outleverages physical gold by about 90 to 1.  So, for every physical ounce of gold there is, you will find in the market 90 papers claiming ownership over that ounce of gold.  I know it sounds ridiculous, that's because it is.  But this paper gold market is so big compared to the physical stuff that it has managed to completely dominate the spot price of gold *at the margin*.  
What I mean by *at the margin* is that, if you and I want to buy a few ounces, we must pay this price, but if you wanted to buy a just a ton of gold (a big amount, but not so big that it would affect the market in a big way), there is no way you would obtain it at the spot price.  You would have to pay much, much more for it.  That's because quite literally nobody trading this paper gold is actually ever going for delivery.
What's interesting, though, is that over the last 2 years, with more chinese people buying the physical stuff than ever before, there is a risk of shortage of gold at the artificial spot price.  Which means that we are not so far away from a kind of leverage that would see the paper gold market implode on itself the way Lehman did back in 2007.  
When this happens, the price of physical gold would go through the roof (or "to the moon").
@_date: 2013-12-13 13:34:55
The only precious metal exempt from VAT in Europe is gold coins.  So, yes, you would pay VAT on your silver purchase.
@_date: 2013-11-25 22:25:40
OK.  That's great.  
You are now part of a historically recurring cycle that has been revolving between hard and soft currencies for centuries, an eternal conflict between debtors on the one hand, and savers on the other.
Hold on to your hat, though.  It's going to be a bumpy ride...  It's not a given that Bitcoin will be the hard currency of choice for the rest of the world.  Just as Yahoo was dethroned by Google, Bitcoin may or may not be the be all and end all of digital currencies.  So, keep your eyes open...
Note, also, that the competing hard currency - gold - has a 5,000 year history of storing value, and that it is today in the hands of giants who get to tell the world what is and isn't going to be done.  I'm not just talking about central banks holding gold, but also about oil families with hundreds of billions of dollars worth of assets, and about families that have been ultra wealthy for hundreds of years, holding gold with their own family crest on it.
@_date: 2013-11-25 11:21:31
I wasn't using the word "fool" to say the buyer is a foolish person, I was using it in the bubble theory sense of the word i.e. the bigger fool scenario, whereby an investment is made, for example, in a stock, not for the dividends or intrinsic returns on the investment, but simply to sell on at a higher price to someone who is also not interested in the dividend but in selling at an even higher price.  
The bigger fool market momentum is how you end up with shares in companies with a P/E ratio of 200/1 meaning your dividends will pay back on your capital investment in 200 years.  You don't buy those for the dividends, but to sell on to someone else who thinks they're going to sell them to someone else too.  
After a while, the PR on the company dies out, the novelty wears away, or they get some bad news, and the stock crashes back to fundamentals i.e. just above natural interest rates x risk factored in x actual performance.
@_date: 2013-11-18 18:28:12
Well, I believe in bitcoin, the way I believe in gold...  
But the sudden rocket action is unjustified, in my view.  I've been working in internet since the first dotcom bubble, and saw Amazon fall from 150 down to 10 in a matter of hours.
Think about the shouts for "new paradigm" here on Reddit, and then look at this chart: 
@_date: 2013-11-19 17:09:54
The question I have is whether it might do something similar to what gold then did between 1981 and 2000, i.e. stabilise at around 300-400 range, rather than 10,000 one day and 2,000 the next.
I mean, it's a good thing if it does, if it stabilises it, because it'll make it more usable as a currency, rather than just replacing Western Union at sending money from one place to the next.  
But it won't be popular with all the people who bought at the top...
@_date: 2013-03-23 01:30:56
I'm as optimistic and enthusiastic about the future as any transhumanist can get, but I still reject this hypothesis.
Ephemeralisation hasn't impacted on the value of gold over the last 500 years, despite the fact that we can, today, do amazing things that would have appeared like magic even to people like Isaac Newton.  We can go round the globe in 2 hours, when it took Magellan two years.  There are hundreds of things that are so amazing already that anyone foreseeing them to happen, say, 100 years ago, would have said the very same thing: "gold will not be a store of value anymore", etc.  Nevertheless, you just can't beat something that's been the very definition of store of value for the last 5,000 years.
@_date: 2013-12-01 23:41:46
You don't know that.  You think it will, but you don't know it.  Be serious before giving advice on the internet.  Some people are going to get really hurt, whether we like it or not, don't make it any worse for them by telling them to catch a falling knife.
@_date: 2013-11-28 03:51:54
If he bought a 1/2 ounce then she didn't actually make a profit, and would have just enjoyed the fact she can learn something.  Free market at work right there.
@_date: 2013-07-27 23:21:01


Correct.  That is why it is ancap.  Ancap is asking yourself, what if Google provided heathcare instead of government?  What if Apple built the roads? What if money were provided by a non-government entity competing against other non-government entities: Bitcoin, LiteCoin, etc.
@_date: 2013-12-01 13:39:58
Bitcoin has great things about it.  
The problem with the rapid increase in price is that a lot of people are buying it not for its own merit (i.e. not the "adoption rate"), but simply for the "make a quick profit" aspect that's been highly mediatised.  
So, you will see very big drops in the price of bitcoin as and when people cash out in waves.  
The other problem is that this kind of drop may trigger a price signal to those people that it's time to sell, which will cause the price to drop even more.  So, $150 drops are nothing.  You will see bigger drops over the coming weeks and months, along with a slow organic rise in the fundamentals.
Finally, be aware that nearly all the stores accepting bitcoin do not, in fact, hold bitcoin.  They use bitpay, accept bitcoin through bitpay, which converts their income straight back into USD.  So, they are not, technically, entering the bitcoin economy by accepting bitcoin and spending bitcoin.  That would be impossible for them, specifically because of these price variations: they all need to pay tax in USD, which is a certain percentage on their income measured in USD.  So, unless they're a mom and pop store, they cannot and will not hold bitcoin once they've accepted it.  They are shopkeepers, not gamblers.
@_date: 2013-11-28 13:47:05
Wow...  Tell me, though, how is it that, in Argentina, despite there being so much inflation, and dollars being difficult to acquire, how come people don't just buy gold and silver?  
I rarely hear of Argentinos buying silver or gold, when those are a great inflation hedge (as is currently demonstrated in India, where people are trying to protect themselves against huge amounts of inflation by buying gold).  
I heard the same in Peru, a lot of people didn't know about silver and gold during the hyperinflations of the late 80s, when the country produces so much of both metals.
@_date: 2013-07-27 23:13:03


No.  Austrian economics is in favour of competing currencies in a free money market, which is what Bitcoin is: a currency competing in a free market, against LiteCoin, against gold, against other forms of money. 
The Austrians who favour gold-based money favour it because they say the market has spoken and chosen gold.  Here is a PDf of FA Hayek's "Denationalisation of Money": 
@_date: 2013-12-13 14:04:07
Theoretically, VAT is always paid by a buyer.  Companies that are VAT registered get to reclaim the VAT they spend, but have to charge VAT on things they sell.  So, the final consumer is the person who pays the VAT.
It's a messy situation, because European law says you're not supposed to charge VAT, for example, on second-hand goods.  If Mr A sells his used car to Mr B, he doesn't have to charge VAT (there may be other taxes depending on the country you live in).  So, if you're a consumer, the question is whether, when you sell your silver to another consumer, if it is "second-hand".  These are questions I don't have the answer for.  I prefer keeping life simple, and gold offers that simplicity.  Also, Europe has this exemption for gold for a good reason: the European Central Bank is the only central bank whose gold is marked to market.
@_date: 2013-11-30 00:28:44
Very interesting and thoughtful response.  Thank you, DBrickShaw!
@_date: 2013-11-30 16:18:36
The bigger picture is that everything in the world is in a bubble, due to excess liquidity accumulating over the last x many years, and no sign of stopping the pump.
So that the question becomes: is bitcoin running up like crazy because it is one of the many bubbles out there?  Or is bitcoin running up like crazy because it is the escape valve?  
We will know this when the other bubbles burst.  If bitcoin bursts along with them, as investors are looking to make up on their lost cash in other areas, it will be the former. If it rises as everyone escapes into it, it is the new money.
@_date: 2013-03-30 04:15:24


With respect, I believe you are the one misunderstanding Gresham.  Gresham was exactly interested in the dynamics that occur when currencies are *not* tied to each other by law.  For example, when a currency that holds its value starts being hoarded and a depreciating currency being spent instead (given a choice, users want to get rid of the currency that won't be worth anything tomorrow, and keep the currency that will maintain its value), the depreciating currency's velocity increases, which then leads to an even greater effective supply of that currency, and therefore an increase in prices in that currency, which leads people to get rid of it even more and hoard the other more.  This is the real meaning behind bad money drives out the good.
@_date: 2013-12-08 10:42:52


Looks like you just made that up.  Why would you need to make up facts if your case is good already?
@_date: 2013-11-27 12:15:14
That would ultimately be measured in actual gains made over the long term.  
You are correct to a certain extent: it's an almost predictable flaw, among younger quants especially, to start seeing themselves as some kind of revolutionary, all-conquering superbrains.  And, the more ill at ease they were in school ("you neeerd!", I've been there...), the more it's personal revenge time.
A few knocks, black swans, etc. usually takes care of that.  Older ones generally tend to realise they just happened to catch a few good waves, the way skilled surfers might do very well once they're on the wave, but realise their most memorable rides were just about being at the right spot at the right moment.
@_date: 2013-11-26 18:36:14
I have yet to meet a quant who is "ignorant of what's going on".  The ones I've met know bitcoin better than people here on r/bitcoin.  But what they also know is that markets with this cap are very - I repeat, very - easily wrapped around their finger.  I assure you, with just a bit of leverage, if they want it to be 2000, it'll be 2000.  If they want it to be 200, it'll be 200.
@_date: 2013-11-28 13:41:39
You would pay your phone bills with it, as well as your internet.  Slim is a cellphone service provider.
My point was, though, if he created an alliance with Hugo Salinas, who runs a supermarket chain and is a big pro-silver advocate (he already sells silver ounces in the Banco Azteca and in the Elektra stores), you could easily see more people aligning themselves to the platform.  Which would reduce the centralised aspect.  There are many organisations run that way, even ones you think are not, such as the W3C for example.  And there are platforms like Apple's Appstore, Facebook, Google, Twitter, which launch their own API or sector-specific way of developing on top of the platform which nobody seems to mind.  It's certainly not a reason for them to fail and their user-friendliness might make them more successful.  Nobody can claim email was very user-friendly when it was just an open platform.  It took systems llike HoTMaiL, i.e. in-browser interaction, to make it attractive to the world.
@_date: 2013-04-07 19:34:10
Yes, I see what you mean.  I find that sometimes it's clearer to see (and explain) the concept of money as an idea of value e.g. debt is a memory.
@_date: 2013-03-30 04:21:24


I *am* looking at the future.  If Bitcoin is V1.0 in virtual money, V2.0 and V3.0 will be even better than Bitcoin, and could easily adopt a much faster network value effect if they're backed by a company like Google or Facebook.  
Facebook has 1 billion users today.  If they launched their own online currency for those billion users to buy and sell stuff with, they'd have a network that is orders of magnitude larger than Bitcoin's current users.  
Peter Thiel, one of the co-founders of PayPal and the first investor in Facebook, has always been interested in virtual currencies.  The 1 billion market cap we've got for Bitcoin today is small fry for someone like him.
@_date: 2013-11-22 01:55:55
There's one aspect that places gold in a much better category than Bitcoin for the moment, which Schiff didn't go into when he should have.
That aspect is simply this: gold is what the giants of this world have chosen as their store of value.
Now, with all respect to people like the Winklevii, they are millionaires, but being a millionaire does not qualify you as a giant these days.  
Think about it this way.  If you were an oil family, sitting on trillions of dollars worth of oil right now.  You sell your oil for dollars, that is your medium of exchange.  Now, what do you store the value in?  Bitcoin, with its total aggregate pool of a few billion (which basically means you'd buy the entire market in about a month)?  Or do you store it in gold, a store of value with a 5,000 year history?
The giants of this world own gold.  Central banks own gold.  Everyone who gets to decide what is or isn't money owns gold.  The total Bitcoin market today is about the price of a few jet fighter planes.  They buy those for breakfast.  What I'm saying is, with gold, we're talking about something that is many orders of magnitude bigger than Bitcoin.
Now, times can, and do change, but let's not pretend we're on equal grounds here.
@_date: 2013-11-29 17:37:04
Your last sentence is interesting.  The tech people dismiss it with the fact that every new technology in the last 100 years has had exponential uptake that beat the preceding one.  So, TV took about 40 years, but Internet took about 10, while iPhones took about 2.
It's a very compelling argument... I think the fact that over 20x more bitcoins are held for speculation than for actual trading is indicative that there will be a serious correction.  This could happen a few times, with a new bottom reached everytime that is higher than the preceding one.
In the words of Mencius Moldbug: money is the bubble that doesn't burst (until it does), since money is by definition an overvalued product (e.g. $100 bills don't *really* cost $100).
@_date: 2013-11-30 02:16:53
There are two kinds of money, hard money and soft money. Bitcoin is a hard money, like gold.  Dollars are a soft money, created by debt.  
Hard money rewards saver.  Soft money rewards debtors.  
Most revolutions and restorations in history occur during periods of transition between debtors in power to savers in power and back again.  Whoever gets to dictate what money is gets to dictate whether the next generation or two will be a generation of debtors or savers.  The US government is, today, the biggest debtor in the world.  The government's treasure alone is 17 trillion dollars in debt.  
This accumulation of debt can only go so far before a transition occurs.  What you are seeing in the rise of gold, bitcoin and other hard moneys is the transition from a debtor system to a saver system.
If you were in a position of power under such a period of transition, you would have two choices.  Either fight the transition as long as you can, or try to manage it in such a way that you'll still be in power when it's occurred.  The other alternatives are very bad (think French revolution, or the Great Terror, or Napoleon, or the Weimar hyperinflation which led to the rise of national socialism, etc.).
So, if you were witnessing the decline of a debt based system such as the dollar-based system right now, you would be advised to be the first mover in the transition, by using your fiat currency to buy as much gold as possible (very expensive, and difficult to orchestrate without giving away the game that you're expecting your regime to end soon), or you could try to create something that is "as good as gold", but that you had easy access to without such great cost.  In the past, these kinds of things have been attempted by establishing currency backed by land, for example, or silver.  If you can create a mathematical algorithm that costs you nothing, or nothing like gold would cost you, you'd be doing very well.  
Hence, my position that, if you were the Fed, you'd have every incentive today to create a hard money system like bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-07-24 16:15:30
No, it's just that you said employees can all be given a Bitcoin number to be taxed, as if that were somehow a solution to tax avoidance/evasion.  
I perfectly agree that this is already happening anyway.  Of course, until a few years ago, really big tax avoidance strategies were only available to wealthy people who could move money around easily, etc. Technology is making those same strategies available to a broader circle of more middle-class people.  At some point, the state is starved of funds, and is forced to take a less intrusive role into the lives of its citizens, simply because it can no longer afford to do so.  
Which answers the question you asked earlier, about there being states before there was fiat.  Yes, there were states, but states in the US, for example, had a much smaller role, simply because their budget was orders of magnitude smaller than it is now.  Typical income tax, until the 1920s, was about 2%.  Compare that to the 30, 40 or 50% citizens in many Western countries are paying today, and you get an idea of the difference.
@_date: 2013-11-19 17:54:49
You're right.  Instant conversion would really help at this point.  Something that literally uses the advantages of bitcoin but with users getting in and out of it in a bracket of time sufficiently small as to present negligible variations. 
@_date: 2013-03-30 18:23:32
Haha, same here.  I went through the same thing about 4 months ago, thinking I was wasting too much time here, but the stimulus and out-of-the-box thinking is actually what my brain feeds on.  If you make a living from your brain, it's very important to take care of it and nourish it.
You just have to be a little more rigorous in selecting which subreddits you spend your time on.
@_date: 2013-11-19 16:37:39
Well, Volcker increased the interest rates in the US to 15% and up, restoring confidence in USD, and gold dropped from 850 down to 300, where it remained oscillating until 2002.
@_date: 2013-07-24 16:58:11


I think you may have misunderstood my point.  Possibly because I didn't express it very well.  
It's not about whether it's fair or not.  If you have an informal economy, there is nothing the state can spend, because it doesn't have the means to enforce taxation. Fair or not doesn't come into it, the means for the state to spend are taken from it, because it doesn't have the means to coerce people into paying.  
If Bitcoin enables an informal economy to interact with money worldwide (essentially, acting the way cash does locally, but on a planetary level), then it reduces the ability for the state to tax.  A state that cannot tax is a state that cannot spend (unless it prints more money, but then that reduces the purchasing power of the existing money, which drives even more people away from its currency and towards Bitcoin).
Now, onto your point about socialism.  Socialism relies on a greater tax intake, and on a formalised economy.  If neither those factors are possible, then socialism is not possible either.  It's not a matter of ideology, it's about what you can enforce.  Prescriptive economics vs. descriptive economics.  I used to be a socialist until I graduated from my economics degree 20 years ago, and travelled the world for a while.  I figured socialism was almost certainly unsustainable, and seeing that the greatest share of the world's economy was informal (and still is), I figured it was simply unenforceable.  What you think is a small share of the market you call "black market" is actually much bigger than the formal economy itself, worldwide.  That lack of enforceability is, today, much greater than it was then, as states were much more able to control what happened inside geographical boundaries than they are today.
@_date: 2013-11-18 11:13:10
It absolutely was the case in the example I gave.  The fact that people could move into the stronger currency for saving is the very reason you had the detachment between MoE and SoV in the first place.  One currency for MoE, the other currency for SoV.  Result: the currency for SoV lies very, very still (out of circulation and into people's mattresses, so to speak), and the MoE goes into hyper-velocity mode, like a hot bag everyone is trying to get rid of the moment they've received it.
@_date: 2013-11-25 02:19:31
I'm not claiming speculation is evil.  Far from it, aside from the good you can do with your profits, speculation itself is an absolutely necessary thing for the smooth functioning of any market, as useful as the storage of wheat is to the proper functioning of the wheat market.
What I am arguing is that there is a fundamental value to bitcoin which will grow organically in function of it being used for the purpose it was designed for, and that we are clearly in a bubble when the entire premise of buying it isn't based on consumer adoption of it as a product, but as a vehicle for cashing out back into fiat, as opposed to actually using it for its monetary purpose.
@_date: 2013-11-14 22:40:54
In terms of Bitcoin, Venezuelan Bolivars have already, effectively, entered hyperinflation, in the sense that very few people will give you Bitcoins for a currency they know is going to be worth so much less tomorrow.  Nobody wants to be left holding the bag when the game stops.  Hyperinflation, unlike normal inflation, is a money demand issue, not a money supply issue: think of it like governments pushing a string (creating new money) and nobody pulling the other end (accepting the money in exchange for their products, in this case Bitcoins).
If you can't find bitcoins in Venezuela, your best bet is probably to go for gold or silver i.e. the traditional refuge in times of crisis.  Venezuela has plenty of gold and silver, so you shouldn't have any problem buying some.  Don't buy jewellery, buy coins at a price as close as possible to the spot price (look it up on kitco.com)
Gold has the advantage of wealth density, in that you can store a lot of wealth in relatively few coins.  The reason you may want to buy some silver too is that it's easier to spend small sums with it.  
Good luck!
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:14:29
I think this article is relatively misinformed.  The spot price of gold today isn't anything to do with the physical metal, since about 95% of the gold market today is paper gold e.g. gold futures.  
Bullionbanks are selling bits of paper, just as other banks have been selling bits of paper.  If this  leveraging were to stop, the game of musical chairs alone would cause the price of physical gold to turn the bitcoin price rise you've seen these last few days into a mere blip.  We're talking 40 to 50K per ounce here.
@_date: 2013-04-08 05:32:25
It's not about how much gold there is.  
It's about the flow.  
The flow of gold is in much stronger hands than the flow of bitcoin, because there are so many giants (i.e. billionaires) holding gold.  They'll keep holding it because they don't need to sell it: they've already got everything they want, and they want their gold to store value for the next generations of people in their family.  
The people holding bitcoin are, on the other hand, much smaller holders, who will need to sell their bitcoin to pay for bills, etc.
@_date: 2013-11-28 22:28:57
I would normally agree with you, but Mencius Moldbug is a very intelligent person, who actually understands bitcoin in greater depth than nearly everyone I meet here on r/bitcoin (he's a pretty respected software developer himself...)
It's true, of course, that there are a lot of things government, or anyone else with a medium-serious amount of money, could do to kill bitcoin.  If not by authority, then simply by whipping the market up and down until every last widow has lost her savings.  Watch how quickly people will flock to big government for help in time of need...
@_date: 2013-11-24 01:23:19
It was a while ago, but it was basically his answer to the very first accusations that Bitcoin was in a bubble, I think it was in 2011, when the price went from just under a dollar to 25.
Would be good to find that lecture...
@_date: 2013-07-23 15:11:02
I'm not quite sure what your point is, exactly, aside from splitting hairs to try and deny the simple fact that Bitcoin is a private currency.