@_author: natowelch
@_date: 2012-11-10 23:56:21
That's cool, but it neither answers my question nor solves the problem. 
@_date: 2012-10-08 11:14:51
I lol'ed.  A Libertopian at his finest!
Regarding birth control:
Q: What innovative technology pulled the US out of the Great Depression?
A: None. That was accomplished by 15 solid years of massive public spending on employment, from the Works Progress Administration to  World War II.
Also: [Many countries limit access to birth control due to the religious and political issues involved.]( Good luck getting your politics-free solution working in Pakistan!
"This isn't just a crazy idea!"
...Although it IS that!
What a great case study in "taxes kill babies!"
I support Bitcoin at present because it gives small players a similar level of privacy and unaccountability through peer-to-peer mathematics that large corporate bankers enjoy by by virtue of regulatory capture. But I have to admit, that's a terrible bargain when we could have a working regulatory apparatus that, you know, puts fraudsters in jail. 
@_date: 2012-10-30 22:21:30
Maybe public education isn't an industry. 
Perhaps the benefits that accrue to society from public education aren't merely for the benefit the student, but also - and perhaps moreso - for the benefit of industry. 
Yes, private-school parents pay for the public education of other students. But they then also reap the benefits of a publicly-educated //public//. When their trust-fund baby grows up, he won't have to pay for the private education of skilled employees for his business. 
The taxes parents pay for public education aren't just paying for //their// kid's education - they're paying for ALL kids' education. For that matter, people without children, and even industry, pays the same in taxes no matter how many children they do or don't send to public schools. The business/customer/service analogy doesn't exectly fit. 
@_date: 2012-08-19 23:33:48


Continues? 
@_date: 2012-10-09 01:10:34
It's true that knocking down the argument (that political struggle is entirely futile) is so easy as to be ridiculous; it's even a bit of a straw man. 
But Olesen's point here is not to toot horns for "non-political" projects of seasteading, bitcoin, and whatever else, as additions to political struggle. He's promoting them //at their expense//. Because when you denigrate democratic governance, you denigrate democracy. And the alternatives he's offering offer individual people even less actual influence than corrupted democracies do. 
My point here, ultimately, is that technology and politcs aren't really cleanly separable. Wherever there's the Pill, there is political struggle over it's deployment, from Pakistan to the United States. You CAN'T solve political problems with "apolitical" solutions, because every technology changes power dynamics, and the negotiation of power is the exclusive focus of politics. Every application of technology has a politics, though different applications may have different ones. 
It's not just that innovation and activism should be considered tools in the box that should be deployed as appropriate; it's that they're //the same thing//. Pill bans in Pakistan affect technology as surely as punitive patent and copyright  laws. Olesen himself points out the effect of smartphones on the Arab Spring. But there's no one-way door here. 
@_date: 2012-05-01 05:59:29


Let's set aside the vaporware and phishing aspect of this for a moment, and just look at the concept as presented. 
So instead of updating the software on the card when vulnerabilities are found, you throw away the card and get a new one that's already patched. If the card is cheap enough, that sounds reasonable. 
But this overlooks the more important reason why devices need to be patchable: They need to be able to run the code //the user// specifies, not the manufacturer. If you can't open it, you don't own it, as the old saw goes. 
And if you watch the marketing propaganda video for long enough, the reason for needing to be able to do this becomes obvious: the intent is for these "wallets" to be leashes, whereby retailers (or any unauthorized party, for that matter) can spy on the movements of consumer citizens. 
THAT is the real reason why the software/firmware isn't designed to be updated. Remember that if you're in the merchant class (which is the intended audience of this ad), the users of these devices are included in your threat model, just as with DRM. 
Nope. Maybe this one's a decent candidate for Poe's Law.  
@_date: 2012-10-09 17:16:57
@_date: 2012-10-09 05:10:20
Did I just miss the grand opening press release somewhere, or do seasteading micronations, you know, //not actually exist// in ways capable of "offering" any old form of government that suits my fancy? Last I heard, Sealand wasn't offering immigration visas, and was a hereditary Monarchy - not exactly my cup of democracy-tea. 
Voting with your feet is not "wildly different from current government", although smaller nation-states may be. 
I thought the "It's not just a crazy idea!" snark addressed seasteading nicely; that's why my actually substantive arguments were pointed at other things. 
@_date: 2012-10-09 00:34:30
@_date: 2012-11-06 01:48:08


Hm. How do I audit the firmware, then? If can flash the device myself, I can audit the code that goes into it. 
Is there going to be some way to get the firmware that operates on the keys off the device, without being able to get the keys off (I will set aside, for the moment, the possibility of the device spoofing different firmware when I offload it for examination)? 
This is one of the same problems that I had with the Mycelium card. If I can't flash it, I have to trust the manufacturer. If I can flash it, I can trust //anyone// I choose.
I don't think unflashable hardware is the boon to security that many geeks are presenting it as. 
@_date: 2012-11-02 03:30:27
What I mean in this discussion by "public" is "publicly-funded". So that excludes "public" universities, private schools, or any other education that requires the student to pay for it (with cash or loans, government-backed or funded, or otherwise). 
Even if I was going to admit government student loans, how do you confuse that for government funding when the student is ultimately the one that actually pays for it?
@_date: 2012-06-12 03:31:43
I remember seeing this posted before, and being impressed by the idea, until I saw the whole video. Merchants tracking me in their own shelves? NO way. Not on my watch - or, more to the point, not in my pocket. 
It's bad enough enough that mobile devices are starting to show up with locked bootlaoaders, making it harder for people to run software they can trust. Now these cards expect to lock out firmware modifications //entirely//? NOPENOPENOPENOPENOPE!
This is rather startling development, actually. As it stands, the trivial costs of software updates (replacing firmware/software) relative to hardware updates (replacing devices) have been such that jailbreaking and taking control of a device you own has been easy, by way of exploiting bugs in the software surrounding firmware updates. Now that price of replacing hardware like this card is approaching the trivial costs of replacing firm/soft/ware, vendors can just make the hardware just as disposable as software, and leave off the entire ability to update the firmware/software at all. That could probably make it nearly impossible to jailbreak, which means you would HAVE to trust the card vendor about what the card does. 
THAT is not "yours" in any meaningful sense. I wouldn't touch it witha ten foot clown pole. 