@_author: natrius
@_date: 2015-12-05 06:32:17
If decentralized apps take off before Bitcoin is widely adopted, users will probably transact in ether, not bitcoins. Even if that doesn't happen, Ethereum's proof of stake mining will give ether a constant revenue stream from transactions on a scalable network of Ethereum chains that might handle all public blockchain  transactions one day.
I have several times more value in Bitcoin than in ether.
@_date: 2015-12-04 22:30:56
I don't think you understand the Ethereum community. We're mostly developers who build decentralized applications that use the Ethereum Virtual Machine. Rootstock is an Ethereum Virtual Machine, so it's a topic of interest, not a threat.
If Rootstock takes off, I don't really care. I'll deploy my apps on that chain instead. The ability to easily build applications without intermediaries is the game changer here, not the currencies.
@_date: 2014-01-06 05:04:51


I agree, but consumers will choose currencies with low deflation over those with low inflation when they're equally easy to use. Governments were only able to succeed in improving the economy with fiat currencies because the low deflation alternative, gold, was very cumbersome and still subject to price fluctuations as more gold was mined. When Bitcoin is widely adopted, it will be a better currency than gold.


I spend my bitcoins. Sure, I have some that I'm planning on holding for a while, but when I spend $100 of Bitcoin, I use my dollar paychecks to buy $100 more. There's a one percent penalty to buy new bitcoins, but the merchant discounts are usually 5%+, and paying with Bitcoin helps increase its value.


Bitcoin is easier for banks to deal with than cash. When the value of Bitcoin stablizes, banks won't care whether there are bitcoins or dollars in the account. It's a credit or debit card either way, and that's how consumers pay today. It will be just as easy to spend bitcoins as it is to spend dollars.
I agree that cash is easier to spend than Bitcoin once the cash is already in your wallet, though.




I don't understand what needs evidence. Which statement do you disagree with? Competition drives down costs. Bitcoin will lead to more companies processing payments for merchants, so costs will go down relative to the current credit card charges. Dollar cards and Bitcoin cards (with all the consumer protections and whatnot) will eventually cost the same, but dollar cards will cost less than they do today.


My speculation is backed by economics. A widely adopted currency with a fixed supply will experience deflation at about the rate of growth of the global economy. People prefer when the value of their holdings goes up than when it goes down. What do you disagree with?


I'm not saying retired folks should put convert their bond holdings to Bitcoin today. I'm saying that they will when Bitcoin is stable and increasing in value slowly. I don't really care about this particular point, so I won't argue about it anymore.




That is probably the source of all of our disagreements then. I've tried to clearly condition my claims on wide adoption of Bitcoin. I think Bitcoin will be widely adopted because it saves merchants money. Consumer protections cost about 2.9% per transaction plus the loss of merchant revenue from those protections (chargebacks), but I don't pay with my debit card because I want chargebacks. I pay with my debit card because I don't want to go to the ATM. As a result, even after the 1% fee I pay to buy bitcoins, the prices I pay to merchants are lower.
Again, *I save money* when I pay with Bitcoin. *Merchants save money* when they accept Bitcoin. That is a recipe for adoption, and as a result, my claims about the effects of Bitcoin adoption will follow.
@_date: 2014-12-13 21:47:11
The blockchain does it for them, and penalizes them with a fee.
@_date: 2014-09-07 23:12:44
I've used a North Korean computer lab for students at Kim Il-Sung University. You can access North Korea's intranet, but that's it. Cell phones are rare, and access to cellular internet is limited to foreigners and the politically connected.
@_date: 2014-02-13 00:12:26
Using a phone at a cash register makes no sense, but using TabbedOut at bars and restaurants means you don't have to wait to close your tab or get your check. You just leave and pay from your phone.
@_date: 2015-12-05 01:37:28
Within a year or so, transaction fees should be payable in any Ethereum token, including sidechained bitcoins. Users will never have to hold ether.
@_date: 2014-07-14 20:34:43
Mining centralization will go away, and it will go away soon. Proof of stake mining requires no mining farms. It just requires a fork that people are willing to use. I think it will happen.
@_date: 2014-01-18 23:58:43
Most consumers don't use credit cards to protect themselves from merchants. They use them because they're convenient. Going to the ATM all the time sucks.
I agree that the large discount was likely not based on (non-marketing) business considerations, but I disagree that the gap is one percent or less. Square, which many small merchants use, costs 2.75% per swipe. The total cost of doing business there comes out to 3.75% when you include a guess at chargeback volume. Bitcoin is 1% or less. It will be near-zero if merchants get comfortable holding Bitcoin, which is a function of the number of vendors who accept Bitcoin.
Let's have this conversation again in July.
@_date: 2014-01-18 23:10:52
My only real world Bitcoin purchase involved a [15% Bitcoin discount]( I expect this to be common by mid-year, though the discounts will likely be around 5%. In addition to credit card processing fees, chargebacks can cost merchants 1% or so of their revenue.
@_date: 2014-04-17 00:05:12
1 taco
@_date: 2014-01-06 00:51:58
Print out the top of [coinbase.com/merchants]( on card stock.
@_date: 2014-01-14 05:14:26
The biggest fear I hear when I explain Bitcoin to people is that the government will shut it down. That seems vanishingly unlikely to me. Our (American) government spends tons of effort coming up with contingency plans for scenarios that could threaten American prosperity, and a shift away from the dollar is one of those. The fact that they haven't regulated it away yet is evidence to me that they either know it will fail, or they have a plan if it succeeds.
The more people who know that the government is very aware of Bitcoin and is okay with it, the better.
@_date: 2014-01-06 02:23:49
I agree that we're going to have most of the same financial services on top of Bitcoin that we have for the dollar, and those will charge fees. I don't agree that those fees will eliminate the price advantage, and everyone will prefer holding a currency that inflates less than the dollar.
@_date: 2014-12-13 21:36:55
You are correct. BitGOLD is paper gold, but it's paper gold without a counterparty. That makes it better than gold that's in a bank account somewhere, which depends on the bank's solvency. Physical gold in your own hands is safer than bitGOLD, but bitGOLD is safer than having someone else hold gold for you.
@_date: 2014-01-06 01:46:52
Merchants prefer to use what's cheapest for them and what consumers demand. Today, that's cash, credit and debit. Bitcoin offers nearly the cost of cash with the convenience of cards. The downside for Bitcoin today is the 1% charge for customers to acquire them, and the 1% charge when converting back to dollars. Today, many consumers are willing to stomach their 1% charge due to the expectation of future gains. Merchants are fine with the 1% charge because it's cheaper than cards. Both 1% charges will go away when Bitcoin has penetrated the market and merchants feel comfortable holding Bitcoin and paying their employees with it.
@_date: 2014-01-06 02:00:59
Bitcoins are difficult to acquire, but easy to spend via several mobile apps. Paying is quicker than handing over a card, waiting for the receipt to print, and signing it, which is the common case outside of grocery and convenience stores.
Once apps like Square and TabbedOut, which store payment credentials and place customer identities directly in point of sale systems, take off, both cards and Bitcoin will be equally convenient. The cheapest will win.
@_date: 2014-01-06 05:24:23
What was it then? Individuals moved from gold to paper because paper was more convenient. The government moved from gold-backed paper to central bank paper because it was better for the economy. We're going to move from central bank paper to Bitcoin because it's easy enough to use people prefer to hold currency that increases in value.
@_date: 2014-12-13 21:02:25
The deposits aren't in gold. If physical gold is your thing, bitGOLD isn't what you want. If you like gold because it's sound money and has long-term price stability, bitGOLD is exactly what you want. It's better than common forms of paper gold because it's on a blockchain, so you're not relying on a counterparty or the banking system to get you your money.
The bitGOLD deposits are Bitshares. Each "ounce" of bitGOLD is backed by Bitshares collateral worth three ounces. The blockchain's rules prevent price swings from breaking the price peg. See my [other comment]( for more details.
@_date: 2014-12-13 20:13:08
Almost. You can't have fixed value, but you can have stable value. There are currently two platforms for stable value cryptocurrencies.
The first, and the one I prefer, is Bitshares. It's a currency and platform for creating BitAssets that are linked to the value of anything with a market price, like dollars, yuan, gold or oil. BitUSD, for instance, has a stable value because of the way it's created and destroyed.
It's created by people who are betting that the Bitshares currency will increase in value versus dollars in the next thirty days. The speculator effectively makes a short trade on margin by putting up collateral of $2 worth of Bitshares to create $1 of BitUSD. That 1 BitUSD is purchased for the equivalent amount of Bitshares (let's say that's 100 Bitshares, for example), then the BitUSD is released into the economy for trade. Now there's 300 Bitshares of collateral worth three times the value of a dollar locked on the blockchain. If the value of Bitshares drops too much, the blockchain forces the speculator to buy a BitUSD with the locked collateral, which destroys the BitUSD and results in a loss for the speculator—she'll pay 120 Bitshares for a BitUSD and only have 180 left instead of the 200 she put in. If the value of Bitshares goes up, the speculator can realize her gains by buying a BitUSD, destroying it, and keeping the remaining collateral—she'll pay 80 Bitshares for a BitUSD and have 220 left, more than the 200 she put in. These trades result in [a crypto-USD with a stable value]( Anyone who wants stable value puts in $1 of Bitshares and gets $1 of Bitshares out, backed by the speculators and Bitshares' open source, auditable algorithm. It's so stable that BTC38, a Chinese cryptocurrency exchange, [will accept BitCNY and add regular yuan to your balance](
The second is NuBits. I'm less of an expert on NuBits, but it's effectively a central bank on a blockchain, controlled by people who own NuShares. The money supply is controlled by interest rates and the issuance of new currency. If a NuBit is worth more than a dollar, NuShares holders can create more NuBits to adjust the price down. If a NuBit is worth less than a dollar, NuShares holders will pay interest on NuBits deposits to take them out of circulation. Interest rates go down when the price reaches parity again. It seems to be working well so far.
@_date: 2014-11-10 04:17:04
It doesn't have to go through changetip. You can withdraw your money. Bitcoin lets you be your own bank with services like Blockchain.info that make you the only person who can touch your money. You can also use services like Circle and Coinbase that hold and insure your money for you like a bank would.
Speaking of the darknet, you should be aware that Bitcoin is *not* anonymous. It's pseudonymous: every transaction has an address to identify you, like 1HB5XMLmzFVj8ALj6mfBsbifRoD4miY36v. It's possible to use math and logic to identify someone with enough information about their transactions.
@_date: 2014-07-05 23:49:29
There's no markup to get USD. A dollar costs 12 pesos. You can only get a dollar for 8 pesos from the government in limited amounts because the rate is pegged at an artificially low price.
@_date: 2014-06-05 15:59:43
15 candies @_date: 2014-01-06 00:49:41
Personal checks used to be a common thing, and they were much less secure that zero confirmation transactions. You know the buyer has enough Bitcoin in their wallet to pay for the item, and you'll know in ten minutes whether they were trying to intentionally defraud you. Double spending will be much less of a problem than bounced checks and chargebacks are today.
@_date: 2014-01-19 00:54:37


Doesn't matter. Tons of merchants use it. Those merchants will soon accept Bitcoin because it saves them money.


Agreed. It only makes sense to pay with Bitcoin if the discount is at least the sum of the rewards rate and the cost of acquiring Bitcoin, which is typically 1% these days. I predict discounts will be above this rate.


This is very false. Where do you live? Cash discounts are everywhere here in Austin.


I disagree. It's going to be fun to watch what happens either way.
@_date: 2014-01-06 02:20:14
Merchants will wait seconds, not minutes, before they accept a Bitcoin transaction. Everyone has explained why.
You also haven't addressed the fact the people will be paying through their phones in five years, regardless of what payment method they use. Advantage: Bitcoin, due to price.
@_date: 2014-02-08 07:13:46
Always create a separate low-balance checking account for services that perform ACH withdrawals on your account, like Coinbase and PayPal.
@_date: 2014-12-13 21:44:07
Good question. Blocks in the Bitshares blockchain aren't created by miners, they're created by delegates who are elected by people who own Bitshares. Those delegates publish asset prices in their blocks, and the Bitshares algorithm uses those prices to make decisions. Delegates who publish inaccurate or untimely prices are voted out of their position.
Since the people making blocks don't need a block reward to pay for mining electricity, the Bitshares owners vote for delegates who accept no reward, or who have good proposals for using the block reward to improve the Bitshares ecosystem via development, marketing, or anything.
The Bitshares blockchain funds its own development and marketing.
@_date: 2014-06-01 17:27:13
I'm curious: what's the path you take to get from ZAR to BTC?
@_date: 2014-03-06 00:54:30
Gave you a high five Monday night when you walked past me waiting in line for a concert at Austin Music Hall.
@_date: 2014-07-14 20:32:11
Not if the fork is a switch to proof of stake mining. Proof of work is wasteful and expensive. It will go away.
@_date: 2014-01-07 04:55:58
Those are some talented kids, but wasn't the tour and the show a little creepy?
Is this your first time in the DRPK?
@_date: 2014-01-07 01:07:28
Creating Bitcoin wouldn't require the consent of a single lawmaker. If economists told the folks leading the executive branch that the strength of the dollar was at risk, wouldn't they do something about it?
@_date: 2014-02-09 22:32:10
If losing your phone means you've lost your Bitcoin, you're doing it wrong. Use a passcode and store encrypted copies of your wallets somewhere else, like Blockchain.info.
Stores would endure the trouble of accepting Bitcoin because the alternative is accepting a currency that is plummeting in value.
There's nothing about Bitcoin that will prevent it's success in Argentina. The only thing stopping it right now are the Argentine laws. If Argentines could acquire Bitcoin as easily as I can with Coinbase, the switch would've already happened.
@_date: 2014-12-11 06:49:18
r &gt; g
The (inflation-adjusted) return on capital is higher than economic growth. A fixed-supply currency would increase in value at about the rate of economic growth. Holding cash instead of making investments would be throwing away money, even in a world with a fixed-supply currency.
Also, if a fixed-supply currency hurt the economy in the way you're suggesting, cash *wouldn't* increase in value much because economic growth would be slow, so both the demand for cash and the value of cash would grow slowly as well.
@_date: 2014-01-07 02:35:03
The story isn't about the government trying to disrupt economic systems. It's about the government *foreseeing* economic disruption, and making sure it doesn't affect America. If "Satoshi Nakamoto" didn't create a successful cryptocurrency, someone else would have, and the same economic disruption would happen, except America wouldn't be protected from it.
If a switch to Bitcoin will cause severe economic disruption, wouldn't it be malpractice for the government to not see it coming and protect us from it?
@_date: 2014-01-07 01:17:06
The hypothetical goal wouldn't be hastening the demise of the dollar. It'd be controlling the transition to a future currency. If any government owns 40% or so of the bitcoins that have been mined so far, they control the future.
It is unlikely, but plausible, which made it an entertaining idea to toy around with.
@_date: 2014-06-03 02:02:10
We just went through the most severe banking crisis in a generation. Every Friday for a couple of years, the FDIC published notices of banks they had closed around the country due to insolvency. The folks who had accounts there were compensated by the FDIC up to the stated limits.
@_date: 2014-12-13 23:01:22
Bitcoin's great. I have some. Its value isn't stable, though, and Bitshares solves that problem.
Lots of people want stable value. There are people who plan on selling some of their bitcoins to take some gains if there's ever another bubble. Those people would be better off if they could do that with cryptocurrencies instead of banks or fragile exchanges. There are people whose currencies are declining rapidly and want stable value instead. Those people would be better off if they could have stable value on a blockchain instead of under a mattress. There are merchants who want to accept cryptocurrencies and pay no transaction fees, but want stable value to fund their businesses. Those people would be better off if they could put those funds on blockchains instead of bank accounts.
That's why I'm glad Bitshares exists, and why I don't think it's a "shitcoin."
@_date: 2014-08-09 02:18:56
I love the Coinapult Locks concept. I want it to succeed. I don't think you need to spread FUD about decentralized attempts to accomplish the same thing. It's not just a strategy I dislike, it's a strategy that will fail.
Decentralized solutions are what the community wants. Coinapult Locks are currently more practical since most Ripple/Stellar gateways cost more than Locks to withdraw currency before you even take the trading spread between currencies into account.
Your product is the most cost effective way to put non-digital assets on the Bitcoin network. Shout that from the rooftops and win that way.
Also, come up with a solution for Americans so I can use your product.
@_date: 2014-01-06 05:43:42


Coinbase makes Bitcoin easy to use securely by anyone with an Android phone. Progress will continue to be made.


I agree that deflation is problematic. I don't know what we're going to do in response to that. I do know what consumers and merchants will do, though. They'll choose the currency that makes them wealthiest as individuals, and that will be Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-06 03:41:37


I agree. Visa and MasterCard aren't going away as companies, but their fees will go down, and they'll eventually be providing credit and consumer protections on top of Bitcoin, not just dollars and the world's other currencies.


I prefer Bitcoin because [merchants give me discounts when I use it]( Merchants give me discounts when I use cash too, but cash requires me to regularly go to an ATM, so I use my cards.


*Consumers* don't prefer currencies with reasonable inflation. *Governments* do, and for good reason. Low inflation improves economies. Consumers prefer the currencies with a good combination of ease of use and high future value of their holdings. Individual consumers won't willingly allow themselves to lose money inflation for the greater good. If Bitcoin is legal, the people will hold Bitcoin, not dollars.
@_date: 2014-01-06 03:10:57


Those will soon exist in the Bitcoin ecosystem as entrepreneurs build them. The costs will be lower because they won't have to make all the deals and build all the infrastructure that you used to if you wanted to compete with the incumbents. Competition lowers prices.


Few places accept Bitcoin, because it was difficult to do so without risk before Coinbase and BitPay got established. People will spend bitcoins when merchants accept them, which will happen to a significant extent this year.


By "competing", I mean serving the same market need, not capturing a large portion of the market. Coinbase allows merchants to accept payment for goods, just like Visa and MasterCard do.


All of the available evidence *does* point to that conclusion. When currencies inflate, the people start to hold different currencies. The Argentinian government had to restrict the ability to acquire foreign currency to stop citizens from choosing a different currency. Consumers prefer currencies that inflate less.


Yes. Why do you disagree?
@_date: 2015-05-23 22:50:24
The coins don't matter. Nothing I claimed requires financial institutions to own any coins to improve their businesses.
@_date: 2015-05-29 07:58:56
Blockchains don't just give us digital money. They give us the power to predictably interact with any other individual on the planet. Most of your interactions with corporations with become interactions with individuals. Most government functions will be replicated by voluntary institutions. This might sound crazy and impractical, but it's not. This is what the cypherpunks have envisioned for decades.
@_date: 2015-05-29 02:40:56
I didn't understand Ethereum at first either. I heard about Augur and wanted to help get it built, and to do that, I had to learn about Ethereum. The week Ethereum clicked in my head was like the week I figured out Bitcoin: endless nights of reading everything I could get my hands on. If you're a software engineer, [learn how to get started building things on Ethereum]( If you're not, don't worry about Ethereum for now. You'll eventually get to use cool things people build.
This isn't about buying ether. (I don't have any, and don't plan on buying more than I need to use apps.) It's about building a decentralized world where you can predictably trade and interact with anyone on the planet. Ethereum lets us fulfill [the vision of technology giving us individual liberty—a vision people have been dreaming for decades](
@_date: 2014-12-13 21:32:31
Not three ounces of gold. The quantity of Bitshares that are worth three ounces of gold.
One ounce of gold is currently worth about 70,000 Bitshares. To create an "ounce" of bitGOLD, a speculator needs to lock 210,000 Bitshares of collateral on the blockchain. That's the backing. If you buy an ounce of bitGOLD today, then Bitshares declines in value to 100,000 Bitshares per ounce, then you'll be able to trade your ounce of bitGOLD for 100,000 Bitshares because the speculators are forced to close their short trades within thirty days.
@_date: 2014-12-11 14:39:20
Gold was currency for a really long time. When did it become useless? Was economic activity frozen constantly before the 20th century?
@_date: 2014-01-06 04:18:03


I don't "support" deflation. I think it's inevitable. When faced with two currencies with similar ease of use, consumers will hold the currency that will be worth more in a year. Since the advent of paper money, there has never been a currency with competitive ease of use that would be worth more in a year than the dollar. That's why Bitcoin is such a sea change.


Sorry, I edited my comment to make it more clear that the main concern of consumers when holding a currency is "how much will my holdings be worth in a year?" The currency that wins at that while being easy to use is the one that will win. I think that's Bitcoin.


Even with the consumer benefits from our dollar payment systems layered on top of Bitcoin, the costs of those benefits will go down from where they are today. When they reach an equilibrium, Bitcoin's fee benefits will be eliminated, but it's rising value will still make people choose to hold Bitcoin over dollars.


Every responsible American near retirement age or older is sitting on cash in the form of bonds. They will no longer do so when Bitcoin because a stable, superior option. Even on the level of checking accounts, people will choose Bitcoin denominated accounts over dollar ones. If it'll be more valuable and merchants accept it, why wouldn't you prefer Bitcoin?
It's clear to me that when Bitcoin has a stable value that slowly increases because its adoption has reached saturation, everyone will prefer Bitcoin to dollars. Do you not think Bitcoin's value will ever stabilize? If the dollar had been inflating 3% for the past five years and Bitcoin had been deflating at 2% for the past five years, why would you hold dollars at a 5% annual premium?
@_date: 2015-05-21 02:45:43
Ether will never become a general purpose currency. Currencies become valuable when lots of people think they're valuable. Ether has a huge hill to climb to get even close to Bitcoin's mindshare, and even then, its economics aren't superior in any way.
However, Ethereum is an incredibly important development and you should pay attention to it. Don't buy ether—build on top of Ethereum.
Here's [why Ethereum matters](
@_date: 2014-01-06 01:14:44
I'm unfamiliar with EFTPOS, but from the comments you've made, it sounds like merchants would prefer Bitcoin due to lower fees and the absence of chargebacks.
@_date: 2015-05-29 13:34:15
I'm saying that blockchains let us encode the rules of interactions into software. Bitcoin is great, but there's more to life than payments. Instead of trusting brands, people will trust reputations on blockchains. Every financial instrument can be rebuilt on blockchains without middlemen, giving individuals the power of financiers. We're on the verge of a societal and economic change on the order of the shift from feudalism to capitalism.
I'm trying to tell you that there are more changes happening right now than you think. I hope you'll keep an open mind.
@_date: 2014-01-06 02:39:29
Today, there is very little competition in payment networks because the barrier to entry in insurmountable. Bitcoin has entirely eliminated that barrier. The base cost of sending money from one person to another without using cash has dropped from 1-2% to near zero, so new entrants can now eat away at the profit margins of the incumbents with very little effort. Coinbase will compete with Visa and Mastercard with something like $30 million in funding. It used to take billions of funding to attempt such a thing.
I think the consumer preference for currencies that inflate less is self-evident. People like money. They like it more when it loses less value over time. The problem is that the pre-Bitcoin currencies with lower inflation were commodities like gold that were much more difficult to use in commerce than paper, so humanity has been willing to pay the 2% or so annual premium. Bitcoin isn't just more convenient than gold, it's more convenient than the dollar because it can be transferred over arbitrary distances at near-zero cost. (The dollar in cash form is more convenient to transfer at short distances, but only a tiny fraction of dollar transactions use cash.)
@_date: 2015-05-23 20:46:01
This is wishful thinking. It's easy to create blockchains that are secure without mining rewards. Ripple and Stellar have done this. The finance industry can easily build Ripple-style blockchains that would make their businesses more efficient.
We shouldn't let our desire for a high Bitcoin value cloud our judgement.
@_date: 2015-01-12 15:50:50
Most people are okay with a little bit of trust, especially when that trust is distributed so a few bad actors are powerless.
Investigate the systems people are building. Ignoring them just because they aren't Bitcoin is foolish.
@_date: 2015-01-18 08:54:02
You won't open a payment channel right when you're trying to pay. Your wallet will open one hours or days in advance.
When the world runs on digital currencies, you'll be making several transactions a day. You'll start by opening up a payment channel for $100 that expires in three days (but only if your channel server, like BitPay, shuts down). When you buy a candy bar at the convenience store, your payment channel will be updated with your payment, but it still stays open. You can use the remaining $98 on the payment channel to pay instantly somewhere else.
You will always have a payment channel sitting open in your wallet so you can pay instantly without the merchant taking on any risk.
@_date: 2015-01-18 09:05:24
The proposal is similar to what greenaddress.it does, but it separates that feature from the wallet itself. As a result, the third party can't link the spender's transactions, and wallet makers can make successful apps without running servers to sign transactions.
@_date: 2015-01-18 08:43:24
Party B is only trusted by the merchant, party D. The merchant only has to trust party B to not sign a transaction that reduces the merchant's transaction output, which isn't all that much trust. Opening a payment channel requires no trust.
@_date: 2015-01-12 15:55:46
We're going to have to stop being vague, because I don't know what you're talking about. I use BitShares for stable currencies. It isn't expensive. It requires little trust.
@_date: 2016-03-02 08:29:06
Many applications inherently require a single source of truth. This is easy for centralized applications: just use a database. Decentralized applications need some sort of decentralized cloud computer that can enforce rules on a historical record so every participant is on the same page. We call these enforcement clouds "blockchains."
Bitcoin's blockchain enforces rules about a currency. How many units there can be, how to transfer them, etc. Ethereum's blockchain enforces rules about creating new rules. Application developers can build their own rules that users can pay the cloud computer to enforce. If you want to build a Kickstarter without a middleman holding funds and taking a cut, just write the rules for the system: how campaigns are defined, refunding contributions when the target isn't hit, claiming contributions when the target is hit, etc.
Using blockchains, we can define protocols for every economic interaction. Financial interactions can be completely trustless because they're entirely on the blockchain. The finance industry will mostly wither away, which is why they're investing in the technology to see what parts of their businesses they can salvage. Physical interactions allow each party to rate each other on how well they fulfill the economic protocol. Getting a ride is so easy today because you don't have to think about how the experience will go: Uber has defined an economic protocol, and the driver you got has a good rating. Everything will be fine, and it required zero thought. That same thing is going to happen to the whole economy, except on blockchains without a middleman taking a cut.
Literally the entire economy will run on blockchains, and Ethereum is the easiest for developers to build on.
(I own ether and my day job is building apps with Ethereum.)
@_date: 2015-01-18 08:22:43
It only ties up capital if Party B disappears, which it won't in practice. As long as Party B is around, B will sign A's attempts to close the payment channel and free up the capital.
@_date: 2015-01-12 14:34:03
I mostly agree with this, but altcoins are starting to figure out how to build currencies pegged to other prices on top of their native currencies. If you could sell someone a dollar that was really a bucket of bitcoins worth a dollar, bitcoins would be easier to use for people who aren't speculating like we are. You'd have stable dollar values (as long as the dollar is stable), but since it's a bucket of bitcoins, you can cheaply and instantly send it anywhere in the world.
This capability will probably make it to a Bitcoin sidechain, but it might take too long.
@_date: 2016-03-08 03:00:13
Or maybe -isms are just schools of thought, as the hundreds of other -isms illustrate.
@_date: 2015-01-12 15:13:02
Coinapult lets you store your bitcoins as dollars for a fee. Stable cryptocurrencies let you hold your own dollars and send them without conversion fees.
@_date: 2015-01-18 08:40:12
B doesn't get paid by A within the transactions detailed in the document.
Payment channels could be free to open since the overhead for running a channel server is so low. Perhaps channel server operators will require one of the outputs in the transaction that opens the channel (TF1) to pay them a token amount. Even if that were the case, replacing the payment to party D wouldn't take away the fee party B was paid in the opening transaction.
The reason party B would never sign a transaction that reduces the payment to the merchant is because merchants will choose which channel server operators they accept. When you want to pay instantly, the merchant will tell you that they accept payment channels from BitPay, Coinbase and Visa, for instance. Any channel server who allows that sort of trickery to happen won't be accepted anymore.
@_date: 2016-01-28 02:37:44
You can't touch the American financial system and expect to be anonymous. Give them your ID and get your money.
@_date: 2016-01-22 19:40:49
The Ethereum Virtual Machine lets you write arbitrary programs on a blockchain. I'm working on a project that lets you use program on a blockchain as your permanent identity. If you lose a key or want to control your identity with multiple keys, all of the logic to handle that is in the program itself. No one has to care what key you're using to identify yourself because they're using the address of your identity program as your identifier, and if the program says it's you, everything's good to go. This means we can build identities that are as resilient and reliable as state-issued identities without needing a state to issue them. They will be universal, persistent identities that users have complete control over.
Other exciting projects are decentralized financial exchanges, decentralized stable currencies, and decentralized organizations that use a program to encode their constitution of rules to spend their funds.
Rootstock is bringing the Ethereum Virtual Machine to a Bitcoin sidechain, and Ethereum itself plans on accepting bitcoins to pay transaction fees. Don't buy the currency itself until you understand what the value proposition for the currency is in the long run. Sure, I think it's a reasonable bet, but that's way less important than the possibilities that general purpose blockchains open up.
@_date: 2016-03-02 08:33:23
Yes. Most of the rule sets will have to be open source and audited for people to trust them.
@_date: 2016-01-22 19:48:52
I believe both have strong futures, but it's profitable for me to tell you that. I think everyone needs to come to this kind of conclusion on their own.
@_date: 2015-07-27 08:19:21
I don't think there were any tokens at all in this plan. It's just a "bank" account for each company and taxpayer with an electronic balance. No cash can be withdrawn from it. Changing it to drachmas is just a matter of changing the label on the account. It's just a database.
@_date: 2015-07-16 01:25:09
This is a red herring. I predict that Augur will have a higher volume of Bitcoin trades a year from today than Truthcoin will.
@_date: 2016-02-15 02:07:25
It's a hard fork. Segwit + 2 MB could be restricted to 2 MB of actual transactions if that's what people wanted. But combining both doesn't really solve the problem, which has always been speed of deployment. A 2 MB hard fork is ready to go. A segwit soft fork isn't ready, and a segwit hard fork is probably further away since that hasn't been the focus.
This is why the 2 MB hard fork will happen. I think it will be for the best. If it isn't, I think Core did a terrible job of making the case against it. As an informed non-expert, Classic made the better argument.
@_date: 2016-02-17 11:22:55
For some uses, that's definitely true. Blockchains are still clearly valuable in that scenario.
@_date: 2016-02-17 08:35:20
This is an incomplete picture of private blockchains. They're not just git repositories. They have a program that determines which "commits" are valid and which ones aren't. Using a blockchain to record interactions with other parties is committing yourself to public judgment when you break the rules of the blockchain. This is a big deal.
@_date: 2016-02-17 10:33:27
Private blockchains are privately validated. If the chain itself is kept private from its users, it is useless.
@_date: 2016-02-10 23:13:02
Rootstock doesn't benefit from the Bitcoin codebase, just the Bitcoin hash power. You can't implement an entire smart contract platform on top of an existing codebase and pretend nothing has changed. There will be bugs. And that's fine!
@_date: 2016-02-17 10:35:30
There is no reason to use a blockchain if its users cannot observe the chain. Private blockchains will be validated by trusted parties, but visible to all users of the blockchain.
@_date: 2016-02-17 10:36:45
Signatures cannot prove censorship. Blockchains can.
@_date: 2016-02-17 08:31:54
If Wells Fargo manages my transactions with an append-only text file, I can't prove when they've broken our agreement. If they manage my transactions on a Wells Fargo blockchain, I can show every other potential customer proof of their misbehavior. This introduces a cost to misbehavior where there was none before.
You guys are making religious claims about the uselessness of private blockchains. Your claims are wrong. Public blockchains are clearly more useful, but private blockchains have value as well.
@_date: 2015-04-22 02:44:38
Interesting approach, but it differs from where I think things are heading. Distributed content does not require a blockchain, nor does it really benefit from one. Bittorrent, for instance, has done fine without one. Blockchains are for data that needs consensus, like transactional database. You're using it to build an index, which is possible, but it's not the easiest way to decentralize an index. The easiest way is to build an index, then store it on lots of computers with Bittorrent or IPFS.
You've identified one major shortcoming of Bittorrent: the lack of standardized metadata. But you could fix that without a blockchain. Define a metadata format, then give each media torrent a companion metadata torrent. Crawl the web for links to metadata torrents and index them. Distribute the index. Write an application that consumes the indexed metadata to browse and view media.
These are the building blocks for a decentralized Netflix. A decentralized Spotify. A decentralized *web*. Anyone will be able to publish to it, and their content will live on as long as one person is willing to host it.
Pay attention to the folks working on IPFS and Ethereum, because they share the same vision for a decentralized web that you do.
@_date: 2015-04-28 01:06:36
You shouldn't be afraid of Ethereum or projects that build on top of it. Sidechains make Bitcoin the only sensible cryptocurrency to hold because it's the most liquid cryptocurrency. Augur runs on Ethereum, but sidechains let you use your bitcoins on Ethereum. The most successful financial applications on Ethereum will be backed by bitcoins, not ether. Some contracts will even let you pay for your transaction fees in bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-04-18 06:20:23
BitQuick connects buyers with sellers. The buyer gets the sellers bank account number and deposits cash. The seller sends the bitcoins when they receive the cash.
Your only interaction with Walmart is depositing cash into an arbitrary bank account.
@_date: 2016-05-01 06:11:45
Blockchains are the raw material for social organization. You can take any real world interaction, define a protocol for it, then implement that protocol as a series of transactions on a blockchain. Bitcoin did that for money: it took the protocol for sending money between people and implemented it as a series of transactions. Since Rootstock is Turing-complete, developers can implement *any interaction* on it. The speed of computation is irrelevant: blockchains aren't for computation, they're for giving meaning to entries on a historical record that everyone agrees on.
Economic protocols are the future of the entire economy. Today's economic protocols require middlemen to mediate them. Uber created an economic protocol that gave the world incredible value out of cars and people that were already around. They just needed a way to find each other, commit to actions, rate how well people followed through on their commitments, and pay each other. This can be implemented on a blockchain without a middleman taking fees.
eBay is an economic protocol between buyers and sellers. It will be implemented on blockchains.
Amazon is an economic protocol between manufacturers, sellers, and buyers. It will be implemented on blockchains.
Every interaction that currently requires a monopoly middleman will be replaced by an economic protocol that lets participants choose their middleman, or choose no middleman at all. The tax middlemen extract from the entire economy will stop being paid. Every person on the planet will be more capable of trading things to increase their wealth as both buyers and sellers, so the world will be more wealthy.
And I haven't even talked about politics yet.
@_date: 2016-05-01 07:14:55
Our communities are so worried about what to invest money in that many aren't considering what to invest *time* in. If you build software, learning how to use Turing-complete blockchains to put individuals in control of their economic interactions is the most valuable thing you can do. We're living through an honest-to-god renaissance, and if you put your mind in it, you'll feel it open wider than ever before. Message me anytime if the urge strikes you.
@_date: 2015-10-20 19:45:47
This right here is the answer. Everyone keeps asking why banks don't just use distributed databases when there's no existing distributed database that does the same thing as a private blockchain.
Private blockchains were possible before Bitcoin was invented, but nobody had the idea to actually build them.
@_date: 2013-12-30 19:51:16
It's not a suggestion, it's a guess at what could happen in that universe. Protests would be likely. Protests occasionally turn violent.
@_date: 2013-04-05 15:03:40


No it's not. Unguessable generated URLs are common in web applications. You're just not supposed to let Google index them.
@_date: 2013-12-30 20:03:27
A Bitcoin will always be worth a Bitcoin, but a Bitcoin won't always be worth 100 two-topping medium pizzas from Domino's. Mass adoption of Bitcoin wouldn't just increase its value in respect to the dollar, it'd increase its value in respect to goods and services as well.
Deflation will shrink after adoption, but it's going to increase until then. What happens at the tipping point?