@_author: nattylightnattylife
@_date: 2018-09-14 23:23:41
America, as of one hundred years ago, was one of the most industrialized, wealthy, and populated countries in the entire world. As of the close of the First World War, there would be no doubt in anyone's mind that the US had the strongest economy on the planet. Even going back 150 the major limiting factor holding American behind GB was its lesser extent of industrialization and its isolationism. 
And as far as I'm aware (Feel free to provide sources if you feel this is wrong) the Spanish peso never achieved any widespread proliferation outside of the Latin world. This, as I'm sure you enlightened non-American are aware, is because the Spanish traded in silver and gold directly, and not gold/silver backed notes (until the 1600s at which time the Spanish Empire was well into decline).
The Chinese, on the other hand, are constantly manipulating their currency for short term benefits and have a massive housing/credit bubble that threatens to bring down their entire economy. Wealth is currently fleeing the Chinese mainland as rich businessmen are investing in foreign businesses to protect themselves from this eventual collapse. What part of China right now -outside of its large population- gives you any idea that they'll become the dominant global currency? 
@_date: 2018-09-16 18:37:10
An opinion piece about the Chinese trying to shift away from the dollar is not a valid source on why the Yuan is capable of becoming a global currency.
@_date: 2018-09-14 17:58:26
You mean not likely at all? The Chinese economy is on the brink of collapse and there is no reason why they money would proliferate to become a global currency. The US has the petro-dollar and the largest economy in the world. China has a one party system and half the economy with 5 times as many people.
@_date: 2018-06-13 15:54:01
Why isn’t this gaining more traction on the sub? This is literally what economicist have been speculating about for months, and now we have academic proof. 