@_author: navajomx
@_date: 2016-11-08 03:12:11
@_date: 2015-11-05 07:32:53
Besides the above answers, it's important to note that "value" is just what people are willing to pay. While all the tech and blockchain monitoring can tell what transactions are happening, truly "why" people are spending that much is up to the whims, fears, and motivations of those people, and unless these people happen to tell you why, then others can only speculate (sometimes accurately, sometimes not, depending on what clues they have).
@_date: 2015-11-05 07:27:56
Each computation is like a person video taping a dice roll. The block of approved transactions will only be accepted if it's featured in a video of someone perfectly rolling 100 dice and getting 1 on all of them. It's easy to check, but takes years and years to do.
By having only someone who happened to roll the perfect roll allowed to approve that one block transactions, and lots of people trying to do this, it spreads the chance of whoever will approve a block randomly all over the world. Thus a particular scammer has ~0 chance of messing with what transactions are approved because s/he's pitted against an entire planet of dice rollers. The one who happens to get the perfect roll gets to approve that block of transactions, collect any associated fees, and get the mining reward, and everyone tries again with new blocks of transactions.
The computation in Bitcoin mining isn't figuring anything out, it's just the mathematical version of rolling these random dice over and over and over again. If you have more computers, you can roll dice faster and have a slightly higher chance of winning the reward and fees, but at a higher electricity and computer parts cost.
@_date: 2015-11-05 07:19:04
For Electrum at least your keys are encrypted on your hard drive by the password. When you open Electrum and have some kind of Remember Me function on, it decrypts the keys and saves that in RAM. This password is encrypted by your computer's user password where everything else is kept safe. When you close the program or your computer turns off, the decrypted versions disappear out of RAM and only the encrypted versions remain, safe and sound. I would bet, but I haven't checked, that there is a way to require Electrum to ask for your password each time.
If someone stole your laptop while you were logged in and required no user password (like if you just left it open, or require no user password when waking from sleep), then they could open Electrum and nab your sweet BTC. If you computer was turned off, then they need your user password to fish around for your Electrum password to take anything, and if they ripped out the hard drive and snooped around on that, they would find the wallet keys encrypted.
@_date: 2015-11-05 07:37:16
I've actually not yet made any transactions out of Electrum, so it may re-require you password for that. Electrum only displays the public keys so no one walking by or a security camera or whatever can steal your money, but I agree that there's an anonymity risk of having public keys associated to you.
I'm not by my laptop at the moment, so you could see if it always needs your password to generate transactions.