@_author: nawoanor
@_date: 2014-01-16 17:39:23
I'm with you. Unfortunately, fixing the problem by hunting down and executing undesirable elements of the Human race is very, very, wrong. The best solution would be for Humanity to break apart, and allow people who are similar to each other colonize planets together. We can have Planet Republican, Planet Jesus, Planet Mohammed, Planet Israel, Planet Kim, Planet China, and (my personal favorite) Planet Bitcoin, which would soon become the most advanced and successful planet.
@_date: 2014-01-15 19:17:07
I'm not sure if you're trolling or just have no idea who I am, but I'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt. 
In addition to almost 7 years as a confessed bitcoin addict, I have moderated the largest bitcoin forum on the Internet (at over 2 million subscribers) for over a year. You think I don't know bitcoin? In that time I have removed over 400posts for not following subreddit guidelines. In addition to my moderation responsibilities I am one of the most active miners. You think I don't know bitcoin? Then how do I write articles about them on a site called reddit? Several mainstream blogs have contacted me to ask about the recent bitcoin phenomenon and each has been thankful and enlightened with what I had to tell them. It's not just limited to blogs though. Several companies have asked me to review their bitcoin ads to avoid a failure like Toyota's bitcoin commercial. Just last week a major food company contacted me with a paid offer to help them on a new ad campaign. I declined when I researched the company and saw that they had contributed money to socially conservative groups. 
It's safe to say that I am one of the world's foremost experts on bitcoin and in fact there is no one I can think of that has a bitcoin resume as impressive as mine. So please tell me, what are your qualifications to say that I'm new to Bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-05-06 14:05:58
Holy shit, I think we may have finally discovered something nobody will claim is good for bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-06 17:30:03
"This is good for bitcoin!"