@_author: nbash
@_date: 2013-12-31 04:18:24
I made that pebble watch face. With pebble you need to use the httpebble app and a custom php script to pull the prices. Read the above link and if you can't figure it out I can generate a forecast.io API key and build a face for ya.  
@_date: 2013-12-25 05:02:22
Yeah, you're right. I suppose my main gripe is ALL THE POSTING about doge.  Bitcointalk's alternative coin section has been 3/4 all doge.  Really gets old when you're over the initial humor of it.  Reminds me of watching parents fist bump and " blow it up"...anywho have a safe holiday. 
@_date: 2013-12-25 04:10:50
Exactly my point.  
@_date: 2013-12-29 02:15:25
If you are having difficulty with the questions then run a free credit report for yourself so you know the answers.  Everyone gets to run 3 free credit reports per year, actually you get 1 free from the top 3 credit providers transcredit,experian and whoever.  If you run 1 report from all 3 at once then that's it for the year.  Personally I check it once every 12-18 months just to be sure.   Again, run your own report...consider it crib notes for your test. 
@_date: 2013-12-25 02:12:48
So tired of dogecoin promoters as a cryptocoin.  I think the community is great, other than they overtake every thread on every forum and subreddit...but does anyone think doge could ever be looked at as a real coin.  Are new adopters going to invest money in a memecoin with backers who spout "such success much moon".  There are soooo many scamcoins/pumpndumpcoins that I think it's bad for a legit face of cryptocoins. Maybe I'm taking it too serious and need to lighten up, however I honestly believe in cryptocoins, being free of institutional regulation and restrictions, I just hate when a legit post is made and people flood it trying to pimp their coin because they missed the btc express. If you love dogecoin promote it, but please quit trying to pimp it as a game changer...it's the same shit as every coin out there...litecoin,worldcoin,novacoin...just easier to mine as the difficulty is lower.  To the three people who read this before I get down voted and buried in dogelove...Merry Xmas or Happy Kwanzaa/hanukkah. In all honesty I do love the idea and principle of cryptos, however like all things new, there's a lot of scammers who are out to take advantage of emerging markets...a dogmeme coin confuses the less technical and while I get it's not a scam...it's also nothing special. 
Sorry