@_author: ncaweisk12
@_date: 2017-11-21 16:15:36
Well, I'm not really asking about an exchange in particular, since I can see that none of the crypto futures exchanges are listed as supported by your site.  But places like Deribit, Bitmex, or CryptoFacilities are examples of what I'm talking about.
These sites, like regulated futures exchanges, have daily settlements. Actually buying or selling a futures contract is not a taxable event. In normal regulated exchanges (with settlements priced in $) this activity falls under section 1256 contracts and annual p/l is just mark to market, then taxed as 60% long term gain and 40% short term gain.
For crypto futures, however, the settlements are in BTC. So that presents a problem. You can't just do an annual mark to market because all of those daily settlements have to be translated into $ with a different daily exchange rate for each settlement.
I'm wondering if your site can take a list of daily gains and losses in BTC, then match those with the daily exchange rate to get a p/l in $, and then also carry those newly acquired BTC with the cost basis from the daily exchange rate.
The other option for your service would be to treat those daily BTC gains/losses just like forked coins, meaning that they are bought or sold with a $0 basis.
The fact that I can't find any guidance at all about tax treatment of crypto futures tells me that people are probably just not reporting that activity to the IRS. I'd like to do this the right way, but I can't find any service that understands this type of activity. Does yours?
@_date: 2017-11-20 20:12:41
Does your website handle gains and losses from crytpo futures exchanges in which daily settlements are denominated in bitcoin only?
@_date: 2017-11-22 04:39:38
Thanks for the info! I'm definitely going to be using your service.
Will importing these daily BTC settlements (and valuing them with daily average rates) be categorized as regular income/expense as opposed to capital gains/losses? If so, is that something I can manually adjust?
@_date: 2017-11-22 16:23:06
Indeed the entire value of the settlements from futures positions should ALL be categorized as capital gains/losses.  It shouldn't be considered income, with additional capital gains/losses only after disposing the coins.


This is exactly why I was proposing the zero price basis as a possible solution.  It's proper for all of that to be capital gains.  There isn't any regular income involved here.
It sounds like you might not have experience with non-crypto futures and how the accounting works around that.  But all gains and losses from trading futures are capital gains. Furthermore they actually get even better tax treatment than what we are discussing (making all the gains show up as short term capital gains via $0 basis). 
Futures gains/losses are booked as section 1256 contracts and get to be treated as capital gains with 60% long term, 40% short term regardless of the holding period.