@_author: nd12354
@_date: 2018-01-18 20:31:55
I think your premise is flawed. As it stands, electricity is a scarce resource, meaning that coal, oil, gas, uranium etc. one day will run out. That day may not be tomorrow, but what we are seeing is that miners (of fossil fuels, not of Bitcoin) need to mine deeper and in more difficult landscapes and conditions, which causes the price of those resources, and thus, electricity to go up, and this is happening right now.
Of course the amount of electricity needed to mine Bitcoin will in time also be used by other industries. But the longer the time needed to use this energy, and destroy the fuel resources, the more time we have with the currently available fuel, meaning lower electricity cost.
The security of the new coins is indeed something that still needs to be tested, just like that of Bitcoin had to be tested in the past. We'll only know how safe those coins are in the future. But seeing alternatives are being developed, is at least a good thing. Because the less power we use, in a given timeframe, the less the cost of electricity needs to rise.
@_date: 2018-01-18 20:49:49
I'm not sure what you're trying to say here, but I'll not challenge you on the point that the Bitcoin blockchain is the most established and most tested right now. But it also isn't even ten years old. Who knows which of the new crypto's willl be deemed completely safe, or at least as safe as Bitcoin, in 10 years time? The good thing about (open source) technology is that we can continue building on things that were made in the past. Keep the good stuff, find alternatives for the bad. So what I'm saying is that developing crypto's with the good (decentralized, unstoppable, uncorruptable) but not the bad (energy consumption, high fees, low transaction speed), is a good thing. Whether that will be a new coin, or new technology like LN, that's an argument I don't want to get into :)
@_date: 2018-01-18 20:44:07
I don't know who that reply was pointed at, but, yes, that may be. But oil is also getting more and more expensive, because we have to drill deeper, go to more inhospitable territory to access it, and use more expensive technologies to get it out. So the longer we can use that same barrel of oil (which at the moment we can only do by using less electricity), the longer we have affordable oil in the first place.
@_date: 2018-01-18 20:01:56
That makes no sense at all. Power stations produce more power if more power is needed. Especially in a coalpower-heavy country like China, where a lot of Bitcoin is mined, that means more coal is burned to supply the powergrid with enough electricity.
It is true that over a longer term, the same amount of power would be used, as Bitcoin is using now. However, because Bitcoin miners are using that power, that means you need you to add up the power consumed by the Bitcoin and the regular industry.
If the power source is renewable, like air, sun, or - up to a point - hydroelectricity, that isn't an issue. But right now most power is still generated by oil, gas, coal and nuclear, all substances that will run out eventually. I'm not even talking about pollution or climate change as byproducts of that power consumption. Simply because of the fact that our power sources are slowly running out, it makes no sense to use more power than necessary. That will only cause electricity prices to rise. Supply-and-demand.
The problem with Bitcoin mining power consumption is that it was a necessary evil, a trade-off to be able to have Bitcoin. With the rise of non-mineable coins, the question is, whether that trade-off is still necessary to be able to have cryptocoins.