@_author: ndamukongsuhdude
@_date: 2019-07-28 00:54:33
It’s not because a Republican won. It’s because a democracy should evaluate what the majority of the people decide. When a President wins the seat with less than the majority then it isn’t true democracy. The electoral college is bullshit and makes the value of the vote uneven. In a popular vote, every vote would be equal. That’s what democracy is truly about.
@_date: 2019-07-28 00:51:40
We don’t have a legitimate democracy, we just act like it.
@_date: 2019-07-28 12:35:37
He’s a Trumpanzee, there’s not much going on in his head so don’t worry about arguing with him anymore. You are accurate on the depiction of the structure. However, just the other day Trump claimed that the part of the Constitution that gives the President his power (Article 2), gives him the power to do whatever he wants. Obviously this is not true, but our President has never read Article 2. When the Trumpanzee was asked about it, he deflected because that’s what they do. Deflect like an angsty ape throwing their shit against the wall. These remarks by the President indicate that he believes this is a dictatorship, which Mr. Read the Constitution should admit is anti-American, but you see, he’s a complete fool.
@_date: 2019-07-28 00:51:04
Because that’s where the majority of the people in the country live? Basically you’re saying he would’ve won the popular vote if not for the majority of the people voting against him.
@_date: 2019-07-28 01:08:02
Yes, but they have their representation through senators and representatives based on their population. This is about the president, the leader, the top dog. When electing the person who essentially sits on the throne and makes decisions for the country as a whole, that person should be elected representatively by the people. Their problems won’t be cared about any less because the majority of the people elect their leader. They still keep their state rights, they still keep their federal funding. The President is mostly about what happens in foreign countries. He is the commander in chief and he has the vast majority of power when it comes to foreign power. That is why he should be elected by the majority, because when he’s making decisions, he’s affecting the WHOLE. Not just CA, not just NY, not just Rhode Island, etc. Yes, good talk, but the electoral college is outdated and doesn’t make sense anymore. It was created long ago as part of a compromise of tension among the states. That tension no longer exists.
@_date: 2019-07-28 13:48:27
Don’t even bother with this guy. He literally just showed you that even the formers couldn’t decide what we are since we are a hybrid and even that the words are used interchangeably. Then he continued to say definitively that we are a republic and not a democracy. He defeated himself.
@_date: 2019-07-28 02:40:31
God you’re a fucking idiot. We are literally a democratic republic. But hey, you said it with all caps so you must be able to repeat the Constitution in your sleep. So tell me, Trumpanzee, does Article 2 give Trump the power to do whatever he wants, like he says he can? Please expose how dumb you are.