@_author: ne4t35
@_date: 2017-12-28 22:21:21
This is a bit of FUD and let me clear this from a view angle of Pole. In Poland we had a "bank-ish" company called AmberGold (you can try to google some stories about that but it's propably only polish thing). In big short - they ran a ponzi scheme and they scammed a lot of people for fuckload of money. Politicians and Whales were related. There is even a national investigation but things still looks gloomy for victims. That makes a background. Another thing is that poles as a nation are EXTREMELY greed driven and their basic knowledge of finance sucks (we would go all in rather than make a portfolio from 10% of our savings). I don't even mention a tech "savviness" (and it's probably still below average). Crypto environment is full of scams, cloud mining ponzis, pump and dump schemes, premined coins, noble ventures with shiny CEOs etc. This is a huge opportunity for educated person, but probably a trap for uneducated one. In many cases it ends up as a lose for someone (when someone is winning someone is losing and winners posts about their success more more often than losers about their lose). I personally think that Poles need campaign like that. We need more time to educate people about Bitcoin. Remember, I'm talking about place where minimal wage is ~600$ (0.03 BTC), where countryside looks like straight from Russia  and minor villages got an access to cheap, fast and reliable internet connection just ~3 years ago (and somehow we are considered as a member of rich and healthy european union, heh). This won't help to educate Poles but it could stop potential "investors" from buying a random pumped crypto, or scam. I consider this a lesser evil. 
Poland can into cryptospace, but no now.
 
Posted films are made by youtubers linked to "child/teen scene" (the first one features prankster). I think it could appeal to kids (and that was probably target for this videos). They are a little bit "pro-bankish", but they are doing a job as sobriety reminder. 