@_author: nealmcbeal_navyseal
@_date: 2015-01-26 18:09:37


It's $250k per individual account holder. So your USD wallet will be insured up to that amount, just like any normal demand deposit bank account. 
@_date: 2015-01-26 20:02:05
Not really. 
@_date: 2015-01-26 18:06:49
Almost certainly not. I'd have to see the exchange TOS/service contract, which might explicitly prohibit a straw man account. I'm assuming they have such a clause because it would be a standard element in a corporate FCPA / anti-money laundering policy. Misrepresenting ownership of the account would be fraud.
More generally, state regulations of exchanges will almost certainly require accurate account owner information (just like banks do). For example this is among the proposed NY BitLicense regulations:


There's nothing stopping a friend who has a BTC account from buying/selling on your behalf, but they won't be able to keep your BTC or USD in their accounts. However, as soon as they start taking fees for providing that service to you, they may be subject to exchange regulations.
@_date: 2015-01-26 23:57:08
I am sure. Broker-dealers that offer intermediary deposit services like this are eligible for what's called "pass-through" coverage. PayPal and investment banks take advantage of this coverage to provide transaction services to clients. (Note: I cannot ascertain at this time whether Coinbase has registered as a broker-dealer yet, but the company will have to because the SEC has already shut down other exchanges for failing to do so).
Each client's funds are treated as an individual account with the bank for FDIC purposes. This insurance only covers the client if the bank itself fails, not the intermediary. So if Coinbase deposits its customers' funds at Bank of America, then BoA goes bankrupt, the customers will be able to recover losses up to $250k from the FDIC. 
Notably the pass-through coverage does not insure depositors in the case that the intermediary fails. So if Coinbase goes bankrupt, the FDIC  isn't involved. However, given the nature of the creditor interest created by a deposit with Coinbase and the fiduciary relationship between Coinbase as a broker-dealer and its clients, customers do not need to worry about their funds being taken by superior creditors in a bankruptcy proceeding. Coinbase can't use those deposits for its operations, so it can't lose the cash itself. And if it takes on too much debt and goes bankrupt, the depositors have absolute superiority over all other creditors when it comes to claiming their own account balances.
Basically it boils down to this: You need FDIC insurance for banks because of the fractional reserve system but you don't need it for the exchange itself. Banks **always** carry only a fraction of the cash they need to satisfy all of their debts at any one time. If all the depositors claim their cash from the bank at once, you have a run on the bank resulting in a liquidity crisis and then bank failure. A financial intermediary like a BTC exchange doesn't have that same necessarily fragile capital structure. The exchange will always have the liquidity to satisfy the demand deposits because the money is sequestered from their normal operations, sitting in nice safe FDIC insured accounts at a bank. 
So FDIC insurance isn't necessary for the exchange while it is necessary for the bank. 
@_date: 2015-01-27 01:11:39


Actually they are. Coinbase has a private insurance policy with Aon for that purpose.


Perhaps not on a minute-to-minute basis but Coinbase will have to update the bank very frequently with account balance information. The bank has to know how many insured accounts and accounts exceeding the insured amount there are in order to comply with FDIC rules.
In any case, the bank is hardly the only one keeping the exchange honest. Major investors (like NYSE for example) as well as SEC regulations require frequent audits, with an outside accounting firm investigating for abuses. CPAs will be required to keep the day-to-day books and will be criminally liable if they sign off on illegal activities. 
There will be completely separate accounts used for Coinbase doing business (like paying its employees, renting offices, etc.) and for client deposits (and actually yet another for client withdrawals but let's not get lost in the nitty gritty of corporate balance sheet mechanics). So it will be impossible for Coinbase to use client funds for operational purposes without it being instantly apparent to financial regulators and auditors. The SEC would just have to see that a transaction from the client fund was disbursed to a non-client. 


I'm not familiar with Japanese law so I can't speak comparatively. However, in the US, the deposited USD funds at the bank are not considered an asset of the exchange. It never belongs to the exchange so it can't be used to satisfy the exchange's obligations. The exchange is technically an agent of the customer, placing a deposit on their behalf and acting as custodian thereof. Brokered deposits like that can get a little funky if there is some element of pooling or investment, like if the exchange provided a market-based return on deposits. But since the exchange is just sitting on the cash and not doing anything with it, there is little doubt that its role is exclusively custodial. 
@_date: 2015-01-26 23:43:05
That's not true. PayPal itself is not insured, but deposits with PayPal are covered by FDIC pass-through insurance. That means the depositor is insured if the bank where PayPal deposits customers' funds fails, but not if PayPal itself fails. 
Coinbase will be able to provide the same pass-through coverage if and when it registers as a broker-dealer. I can't find information about whether Coinbase has registered yet or plans to register. A cursory search of the SEC registry does not show that it has. However, it eventually will have to register because the SEC has already shut down another BTC exchange for failing to register as a broker-dealer. 
Anyway, once pass-through coverage is established, if the bank at which a client's funds are deposited goes bankrupt, the client is covered up to $250k just as if they had opened a checking account at the bank.
In the event of a Coinbase bankruptcy, depositors' claims over their own accounts will have absolute priority. (I don't have time to go into the mind-fuckery that is secured transactions and creditor priority in bankruptcy proceedings, but suffice to say there is no way a third-party claimant could take possession of the deposited funds to satisfy Coinbase's debt). So there's no need for insurance against a Coinbase bankruptcy.
All that only applies to the USD deposits. I am unsure what would happen with the BTC deposits held by Coinbase, but I think we all are aware that the FDIC isn't involved with that side of the business. 
Small caveat: I'm not positive about how this functions if the customer also happens to have a separate, personal account with the bank. Usually all accounts owned by one person at a single bank are aggregated, so five $50k accounts are covered but only half of two $250k accounts. I don't have time right now to figure out whether the FDIC would aggregate a Coinbase pass-through account and an independent depository account at the same bank, but that may be the case.
Edit: Glanced at the rules, and it seems likely that the FDIC will aggregate individual accounts with exchange accounts. The FDIC aggregates all accounts maintained by or for the benefit of an individual, including those established by an agent (in this case the exchange).
So bottom line: if Coinbase has deposited client funds with an FDIC insured bank and the bank goes bankrupt, Coinbase customers will be covered up to $250k each. 
@_date: 2015-01-26 19:08:37
Has anybody else had trouble with signing up with Coinbase? I've tried a bunch of email addresses and never receive their sign up confirmation email.
Edit: Contacted customer service. Guess they're experiencing delays due to high traffic.