@_author: nearslush
@_date: 2018-06-08 20:34:23
I think this is a perfect case study of how decentralized, secure digital currency can be used to create a (relatively) stable economic environment for areas of economic instability.
Hopefully crypto can be a useful stopgap to help secure the value and family wealth of everyday citizens in Venezuela from the insane inflation.
@_date: 2019-01-14 23:20:13


Because I reject your description of "basically just took Marxism and threw in Nationalism" as the foundation of fascism.
[Even a cursory glance at the wikipedia entry]( shows numerous significant criticisms Gentile had of Marx's ideology, 




That doesn't really follow. On just a basic level "the state" is a democratically elected body, so saying they're privileged is nonsensical because any person can become so privileged through the democratic process. Thus the state is egalitarian because we all have equal say in the processes of the state.
If you apply that logic to a monarchy or dictatorship, where the power of the state is not distributed equally, then that would not be left-wing.
You're also using the term 'privileged' in response to the words "disadvantaged" and "unjustified inequities". Those terms as their generally understood refer to groups of people who are less wealthy, discriminated against, or otherwise denied rights that are afforded to the population as a whole.


No. I can see that you're trying very hard to come up with contradictions, but nothing you've presented represents any significant problem in the definitions.


They really aren't. Your confusion is mostly due to your want to replace 'left-wing' with authoritarian.
If you take some time and think about the differences, they're fairly consistent. There's always grey areas, but overall the criteria that is generally accepted can be useful in determining the underlying values of any political ideology.
@_date: 2018-02-12 17:06:35
That's a lot harder when your money is on a paper wallet. They would have to find the actual piece of paper to take your assets.
You shouldn't cheat on your taxes, but it would not be an easy task for them to recover it from you.
@_date: 2019-01-10 23:27:49
k, I'm sure it would've been great.
@_date: 2019-01-10 19:02:41


In the US it isn't. Convervatives are right-leaning in the US.


No. I didn't. I listed out very specific criteria related to traditionalism, natural hierarchies, and high integration with religion.
[All of those are widely accepted characteristics of right-wing politics.](
@_date: 2019-01-10 00:31:44


Yeah.. obviously. You've come up with a very non-standard definition of 'right' and 'left' political ideology. You're essentially just trying to swap in the definition of authoritarian as a substitute for "left", which is fundamentally in conflict with the definition of liberalism.
For example:
Self-described right wing ideologues in the US want to use the power of the government to remove the rights of gay people to get married or even have sex. They oppose a woman's right to bodily autonomy. They make laws banning the teaching of evolution or sexual education. A rally literally called "unite the right" included many speakers and attendees advocating the use of state power to oust non-white citizens, some even cheering genocide of jewish americans. Self-described right wing party members support establishing a state-government and requiring politicians to subscribe to that religious belief. The current right-wing government sought to ban immigrants based on their religion, and did ban transgender americans from serving in the military.
A much more commonly accepted definition of 'right' is a group that is fundamentally about preserving 'traditional' values (typically with a strong deference to the family of a heterosexual couple), advocating the idea of social stratification (a rejection of the egalitarian liberalism) typically citing 'natural hierarchies', religious justifications, or traditionalism. Right wing ideologies often associate themselves with nationalism and definite the national identity in terms of the tradition to which they aspire; this is very often combined with a particular religion and used to elevate members of that religion as more representative of the "true" national identity. Right wing ideologies also often define themselves as being anti-communism.
@_date: 2019-01-10 19:34:34


Thus denying gay people the right to get married.
And you aren't paying much attention. [They advocated for putting gay people in concentration camps]( [They allowed gay people to be banned from adopting children.]( 


Not remotely true. [Republicans keep anti-sodomy laws in place that make homosexual sex illegal.](


The muslim groups who use their religion to impose a theocracy on people in their region are far-right. They appeal to a natural heirarchy justified by their religion ideology, and they seek to enforce the "traditional" muslim lifestyle where women are subservient to men. Their underpinning ideological justification is no different than the right-wing christian theocrats in the US and other countries who want to make the country a 'christian nation', they're only different in the extremity of their barbarism.


That isn't a rebuttal to the claim that right wing groups oppose a woman's bodily autonomy, it's your justification, which is a tacit acknowledgement of the claim.
A fetus being viewed as a separate individual with its own rights doesn't conflict with a woman's right to bodily autonomy. No person has the right to use another person's body to sustain their life without consent. That's true of someone who would die without a kidney transplant, it's true of a person in a coma who needs a blood transfusion. No one has the right to force another person to give up the use of their body without their consent.


Cool story. That doesn't negate the fact that the groups self-identified as right wing.
Just because democrats denounce communism doesn't nullify the fact that communism is a left-wing ideology. The left-right political ideology is a spectrum, and pointing to a more moderate group denouncing the extreme fringes of their political ideology is not a valid argument for where that group lies on that spectrum.


Shame, you barely even tried to address the argument.
@_date: 2019-01-10 22:04:10
Because increasing or decreasing government power isn't included in the widely-accepted definition of the right-left spectrum of political ideology.
There can be right-wing authoritarian governments and left-wing authoritarian governments.
And, as I demonstrated in my other comment, there are many self-described right-wing proponents who support increasing government power to enforce the social and religious values they want.
@_date: 2019-01-14 20:58:17
Yes to both.
@_date: 2019-01-10 23:39:45
Rejection of natural hierarchies, egalitarianism, secularism, concern for the disadvantaged and the belief that unjustified inequities should be corrected by the state, non-laissez faire economics, progressivism (rejection of traditionalism), environmentalism, and internationalism (though that varies throughout history).
[All of those are widely accepted characteristics of left-wing politics](