@_author: neau
@_date: 2017-12-04 08:31:29
The United States Federal Reserve System is the Central Bank of the United States. As such, they are in control of the quantity of government-created money. They have the unique power to create new money and they use this power to conduct what is called monetary policy.
Monetary policy is the manipulation of the money supply and interest rates (the price of borrowing). The Fed manipulates the money supply either by 
- creating new money and using it to purchase assets held by banks increasing the cash banks hold and the amount of loans they can make 
or 
- by selling assets it presently holds to reduce the amount of cash banks hold and the amount of loans they can make. 
By changing the amount of loans banks can make they also change the interest rate on those loans. More cash means more loans and a lower interest rate. Less cash means fewer loans and a higher interest rate.
It has been observed that economic downturns can be made less severe by a cut in interest rates. If people aren't spending enough to keep unemployment low, a decrease in the interest rates will entice people to borrow and spend more. However, it has also been observed that cutting interest rates and increasing the supply of money can cause inflation (which is when the price of everything goes up), especially when unemployment isn't very high. So the fed has what's called a dual mandate: to keep unemployment low and prices stable.
They're controversial for a few reasons.
The first is that they are very important. Monetary policy affects everyone. A poor choice of policy can leave millions unemployed or make everyone unnecessarily poorer.
The second is that economics is complicated and often quite contentious. There are a few different ideas about the best way to conduct monetary policy. Most economists agree on the basics, but there are a not insignificant portion of economists who disagree wildly (a portion popular with political libertarians, for example, say that the fed shouldn't control the money supply at all).
The third is that current monetary policy is quite unusual. The United States has been in a slump for 6 years now. And for much of that time interest rates have been very close to zero. The Fed has been creating lots and lots of new money and buying bank assets with it to try to keep interest rates as low as possible and to convince people to spend more money. At other times in history, the rapid creation of new money has sometimes led to disaster (Germany between WW1 and WW2 and Zimbabwe until quite recently are good examples) by creating crazy levels of inflation. Some people fear the United States will suffer a similar fate (although many argue that this is impossible while the US remains in a slump).
And I guess the final reason is that the people in charge of the Fed are unelected experts rather than politicians. Some people view them with suspicion because the population have no direct control over how they conduct monetary policy.
_Shamelessly stolen from original comment](
@_date: 2018-09-05 20:43:59
That's not a valid IP address.
@_date: 2016-12-21 13:04:23
u wild gurl, wyd tho
@_date: 2016-12-05 09:54:40
Dorian? Really dank references, my friend.  
What kind of business is it if that is not a secret?
@_date: 2015-08-05 01:11:19
Think about finding a job...
@_date: 2015-07-06 10:55:44
Please elaborate.
@_date: 2015-07-19 11:57:55
Fake and gay.   
amidoinitrite?