@_author: nebetus
@_date: 2015-05-21 14:40:41
* Many people are known millionaires and don't have personal security guards.
You're right. But many people who are known millionaires keep their money in the bank. It is very difficult to break into a bank to steal a specific someone's millions, and in most cases the bank won't have that kind of cash on hand.
*  Hell, it's a fair guess that any random person with a white collar job and a nice car probably has 19k stashed somewhere
Usually in a savings account or investment vehicle
* but I'm not aware of too many hostage situations or kidnappings for ransom.
1. Hostage/ransom requires a method of gaining the money, a check just won't do. 
2. Most normal people cannot withdraw large amounts of money without the bank getting suspicious, as will investment firms. Which gives the withdrawee many opportunities to tip off the police or otherwise alert others to their predicament.
3. Once obtained, the money has to be used in some way, and transported.
There's a reason blackmail is on the rise now, and it's because bitcoin makes the hard part of blackmail (obtaining the money without getting caught), easier.   If you know someone has ~10k in bitcoin, it would be relatively low-risk to break in when you know they're out, grab their computers hoping they're idiots, and then blackmail them for their coin with anything you find.  Even if they find nothing, you've still had your security and privacy violated via the home break in. 
@_date: 2015-01-28 20:41:07
I'll give it a shot, will be good to investigate it as an alternative to my current dreamhost solution.
@_date: 2015-08-28 21:22:05
I'll assume you're joking.  
If not, let me introduce you to the difference between ionizing and non-ionizing radiation!
This shows you where radio waves are compared to visible light
This explains and shows a chart of how ionizing radiation starts after the end of the visible light spectrum (basically right after the UV band starts). 
So no, radio waves don't cause 98%+ of cancers, which are due to damaged/degraded DNA, which non-ionizing radiation does not produce.
@_date: 2015-08-31 16:18:04
I think your logic is applied incorrectly.
The law of conservation of energy has nothing to do with saying "calculation X on computer Y will take Z energy, therefore calculation K on quantum computer U will also take Z energy just because it gets the same result".   For an easier example, compare the energy used in a qucksort vs a bubble sort. Same result, different methods to go about it
Quantum computers use an entirely different formula(Shors in this case), not to mention an entirely different set of hardware and leakage rules.   Just because both produce the same result, the similarities end there.
Now I could be wrong, but I've yet to see any paper or qbit implementation that that even shows a Log(n) relationship between the energy used in a classical computer and a quantum one for the same factorization, let alone a 1:1 or bigger.  Got any references I can look up?
@_date: 2015-08-28 17:50:13
Because you're assuming that $50 will stay there for more than ~10 minutes.  A non-trivial amount of phones have wifi/bluetooth vulnerabilities, and it's not uncommon to see at least one malicious connection attempt when I go out on the town for the nightlife.  While most probably aren't looking for bitcoin wallets, that's just a matter of time till it's part of the standard sweep (most just take your photos/contacts for blackmail purposes)
@_date: 2015-08-28 21:23:36
I don't disagree it has it's own problems, although I disagree with your base-band assumption. Not all base-band chips allow carrier access, nor use shared memory with operations.
However, it is more secure for the average user, verses malicious other users, than an average phone.
There will always be better options for the technically inclined, but trying to improve the baseline security for the technically incompetent is not a bad goal.
@_date: 2015-04-07 15:48:46
Ok, if you're parroting the same "Use a database" response that seems to be the fad, you lack understanding in two very important topics relevant to the conversation:
1. What a database is and how it works
2. What a blockchain is and how it works
So, lets assume most of you don't know better and are just repeating nonsense because you heard someone you think knows say it, and lets get into WHY it's actually nonsense.
First off, what is a database?
A database is a (centralized or non) storage center for data, modifiable, searchable, but most importantly,mutable. Meaning it can be changed. It can be altered. And every aspect of it, it's business logic, it's storage structure, is mutable, at any time, by anyone with sufficient permissions, and you cannot prove it was changed unless you are constantly monitoring it.
A blockchain(as bitcoin implemented it) is a partially mutable transactional ledger based on discrete nonduplicatable units.  In laymens terms, it uses items that can't be altered, but can be divided, and passes them around different accounts. The records themselves can be altered if you control sufficient consensus and power determined by whatever algorithm it uses, but the items cannot. The logic the blockchain uses cannot be modified without modifying the nodes participating, so there is proof of any logic change.
So in other words, what can a blockchain do that a database cannot?
A database's logic is mutable. Not only can it change, but it cannot be verified to be correct on every transaction to prove it functioned correctly and wasn't changed then changed back.  Not without incuring significant overhead to record and sign checksums and a proof of run on any computation.  And in the event of a race condition, there's no guarantee (without redoing the calculations and checking associated data) which one ran correctly or even if one did.
A database cannot guarantee an item cannot be duplicated.  You can put in restrictions, conventions, business logic and even rules on how to use it, but there is no guarantee that those will be followed. 
A database cannot be proven true.  You can add proving mechanisms into it such as signing, timestamping, replication and verification, but those are not default to the database. And since the database is mutable in all aspects, those can still be questioned if not implemented perfectly.
So, the biggest argument i've heard is a database is more efficient. It is more efficient at storing data, sure, but that's not why the blockchain technology is interesting.   The database is not more efficient at storing nonduplicatable, provable discrete units where a given set of transactional rules have been applied.
Now we'll go onto the next favorite argument: But there's no incentive to secure the network!  Guess what? You don't have to!  This is a hard concept to grasp, so hear it out.
The reason bitcoin relies on a blockchain secured through proof of work, is that it does not want to have any administrative overhead to deal with bad actors such as those who try to doublespend, secure block majority, etc.    Satoshi wanted a self-sufficient system that people could use psuedononymously that had no barrier to entry.   
Now, if you have a relatively closed system, such as the inter-bank network, then the barrier to entry is relatively high, and any bad-actor can be detected in relatively short order and ejected because of the provability of the blockchain. Likewise, if you are willing to incur a little oversight, you can reverse any transactions made in bad faith through use of an administrative key to declare a checkpoint in the blockchain.  
A blockchain does not need bitcoin to function. The bitcoin blockchain needs bitcoin to function, because that is how it was designed to work and accomplish it's intended goals. The goals of a banking blockchain would be entirely different.
Now, if you've followed me up to here, you're probably thinking, "Ok, wall of text, but what good does a banking blockchain do?".
It eliminates trust of competence and allows accountability and audibility. 
It eliminates the need to trust that every access to your ledger is done by competent entities who make sure to fully understanding how the ledger works and make all the appropriate updates, using the appropriate logic, and don't duplicate anything. Basically, you don't have to trust that everyone does their math right and no one unauthorized creates units out of thin air without detection, because they are provably correct and verifiable by all participating entities.  And any new coins created are instantly detectable and provable.
You never have to worry about state corruption, about synchronizing at a certain time, about race conditions(double spends are not race conditions, but intentional data manipulation, which you have the risk of in a DBMS as well).  Unlike race conditions, double spends are verifiable after the fact, provable which one was processed, and provable what state the other one was left in. So even in the event of a double spend in a blockchain vs a malicious entry in a dbms, you can recover MUCH easier in a blockchain.
So yeah:
You have to trust people whether you use a dbms, or a blockchain.
But with a blockchain, you can trust people less because if they are bad actors, you have proof of what they tried to do and how to fix it.
You can also trust people less because you know a bad actor cannot create units through data maniuplation, only creating bad transactions.
You can also trust people less because all computations are verifiable, so you don't have to trust they implemented it correctly, or that all transfers went correctly, because if they don't then they don't go through at all.
Could you build a DBMS that provides most of these features? Sure. But it won't be as efficient, and it will use some of the technology the blockchain pioneered to do it, since some of the signing and ledger verification algorithms really were novel and advanced the state of the art. You still have to trust the dbms's logic, whereas the blockchain's logic is provable, verifiable after the fact that it was what ran, and change-detectable.
Hope that clears things up!
@_date: 2015-04-07 17:50:14
Hey now, I like that intro, because I don't want to believe so many people know what they're talking about and yet still don't understanding why they're wrong.  Appeal to authority is dangeorus, especially in database circles, there's a ton of "do it this way because the high guru said it". I prefer people to understand what they're working with and draw their own conclusions. :)
Now, to the post:  
Common misconception! Corporations are soul-less and moral-less, but they aren't stupid. They will always try to make the most profitable decision.
A company's best interest isn't to hide mistakes and messes. That's damage control, the best thing to do after the mistake has happened.  You know what a company's best interest is? Not making messes in the first place. That's why companies have audit  departments.  Audit is there to catch small mistakes before they turn into big ones.  Yes it catches intentional bad eggs, but most of audit's job is just verifying everyone else's work to make sure everyone's on track.  You'd be surprised how much money a good audit department can save a company just by catching that someone accidentally put in a wrong value on a quarterly report before it goes into the grand ledger. And thereby avoiding the mistake entirely.
  And this helps that. Not only from within their company, but from within their interactions with other companies.  You no longer have to worry that company B sends the right wire transfer to company C, and then you have to deal with company C if something is malformed because B says it's out of their hands with C.  You kno longer have to jump to a couple different places to find out exactly what went wrong, was the wire sent twice, or just processed twice? 
Basically think of a blockchain as a really good defense against both human errors in your own workers/systems, and outside entities ability to get away with things contrary to agreement either intentionally or on accident.
It's easy to believe a company wants to hide things, but usually that's only really poorly run companies.  A good company sets up their business such that what they're doing is blatantly obvious, so it can't come back to bite them because that's a needless risk.  That's why legal is such a huge department as well, they make sure they structure their agreements to benefit them the most, while avoiding what others try to sneak in, with the end result being a safe result for both companies just because they can't get anything through the other side's legal. It's not always "nice", but it is profitable.
Tl:dr - Companies want profit, auditability saves lost profits, and hiding things risks losing profits. 
@_date: 2015-04-10 15:33:23
TL:DR - If you ignore the premises of my initial post and put in your own assumptions which i already rejected, then yes your post could be right about a completely different topic than what we were discussing. 


So in other words, completely ignoring the premise of a banking blockchain( that requires less oversight than a database while providing a system that allows less trust between actors than a database) and pretending it's a bitcoin blockchain without oversight.


Except the whole point of what I listed was that actors do trust a central clearinghouse(that's their job), and the clearinghouse on the whole trusts the actors (or else a database wouldn't work at all). A blockchain just allows LESS trust than it's database alternative for the same efficiency level, and therefore less oversight, and therefore less potential issues.  To implement most of these features on a database, while doable, would add maintenance, oversight, and efficiency losses.


I'm pretty sure that's the exact opposite of what I stated, because i pointed out that while you could implement many of the features of a blockchain on a database using existing technologies such as public key signing you would take an efficiency hit as they're not native to the database structure, and are mutable logic that cannot be verified by actors not in possession of the central database


Except you're comparing using a blockchain to using a database, which is definitely not cost 0.  The argument was, a database designed to offer the same features the blockchain provides natively, will cost more upkeep and be less secure than a properly constructed blockchain suited to those purposes. You keep trying to tie your arguments back to the bitcoin blockchain specifically which has entirely different design parameters than what we were discussing


A very low fee of gaining access and credentials to a relatively secure system, and performing a fork that is quickly detectable and easily reversible for much less overhead than doing the same monitoring on the central database it would be replacing due to the fact that a blockchain has nonduplicatable units while a database cannot ensure data is not altered asymmetrically without massive overhead due to additional checks and even then could miss some due to the non-chain nature of database entries. It is easy to see what changes are made in a dbms, it is harder to perform logic to declare all changes are done in accordance at all times after the fact.


No, the problem we have is idiots trying to use a hammer in place of a screwdriver and then getting onto people for not using the hammer.  Journaling verifies data points and changes in history through active logging, Quorum replication ensures integrity of that data through slow broadcast of results.  Which exists on both blockchain and database, and wasn't even mentioned as an advantage in my original post, so lets not derail on tangents.  Or did you mean this to be a rebuttal to the points that a blockchain allows both verification and validation of logic used to process, and that it is resistant to changes to either?  Because journaling and quorum only provide verification, not validation, and is not even change detectable unless you are declaring that every database node in your network that touches your central database is in quroum to every other one to validate each individual participants implementations of the interface.


If you are relying on security through obscurity for public transactions through a central banking ledger, you have a great misunderstanding of the point of security.  Your argument literally says, if we apply it's context to the argument of a database vs blockchain for a central bank, "If security is your goal, why store all your transaction data in a public ledger on all participants in the network? You should instead store it on a cluster of databases controlled by the central authority that any participant can query and see the data anyway." Since the whole point of the hypothetical discussion was a blockchain for resolving inter-bank transfers and whether it'd be better than a database. Not whether you're storing proprietary secret company financial records on payments from the r&amp;d department to the billing department internally. But your public transactions to other banks. 


You're confusing proactive security with reactive security and making a false comparison.   To phrase your question to use the same reference frame in both halves, "Why secure your data with a method attackers only have to break one key to get to. Wouldn't it be more useful to secure your data with a method attackers only have to break one key to get to that you can disable once you find out?"
At the point they've broken your keys whether it's an encryption or a login you can disable, they have your data. Period.  Disabling after the fact is irrelevant and only matters to prevent using the same method to grab future changes, which can be done by changing encryption keys, what a novel concept! They both work the same!
But again, that's irrelevant to this conversation because you keep trying to put forward the false premise that people are storing private super secret data in this public ledger, and that they would do that in a central banking clearing house.
The only way you can make that argument relevant to this discussion is by saying "Well bank c doesn't need to know bank a and b traded money" in which case i'd say you're pulling at straws and not understanding what exactly a clearinghouse does and mistakenly believe clearinghouses deal in secret data, in which case you wouldn't use a central database anyway, you'd use locked down portals that then talk to a central database, which is an entirely different use case.
@_date: 2015-11-04 16:41:08
Which "big one", because if you're referring to the runup to 1k, then you need to do some reading, since it's pretty well known and consensus nowadays that most of that runup was due to wally and mtgox's artificial pressure