@_author: necrow
@_date: 2018-01-23 17:40:44
Only difference is he's right. Bitcoin is objectively 100% speculative. Some financial instruments like bonds are based off of expectations or future cash flows with a little bit of default risk and interest rate risk mixed in as speculation. Stocks are further down the spectrum where you are still discounting future expected cash flows, but there's more subjectivity involved. That subjectivity and market psychology leads to a lot more volatility and far greater interpretation for the "true" value of a stock, if such a thing existed. Bitcoin is at the extreme end of the spectrum
Same thing goes for gold as bitcoin; how do you say what it's true value is? They're both completely speculative assets with no basis in future cash flows. Is that a bad thing? Of course not. But it is completely, objectively correct to say that it's all speculation. Every last bit of it is. If you want to cite drivers that could move the price up and down, then that's reasonable, but pinning a dollar value on the price of bitcoin? Good luck
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:54:39
How do you suppose this changes under decentralized currencies? Why won't banks exist and operate under the same fractional reserve banking system we already have? I'd go as far as saying it's inevitable
@_date: 2018-01-24 16:05:10


What kind of absurd logical leap is this? I literally said "what he's stating should be evaluated completely at surface level, disregarding who he is," so saying that I'm contradicting myself here is absolutely asinine. By my own logic, **"what I'm stating should be evaluated completely at surface level, disregarding who I am"**


This is literally exactly what I'm saying. You know of his past and his credentials which are *completely unrelated to monetary policy*


When did I say this? Jesus, man, it's like you're arguing with some completely other person. I literally said "what he's stating should be evaluated completely at surface level," but somehow you heard that "it's foolish to listen to the opinion of the guy?" All I'm saying is that it's important to ignore his status in this because it's completely unrelated to this argument
And "well-founded arguments??" If you consider a couple of rehashed talking points with no real backup "well-founded" arguments, then sure. He literally says in the article he "wasn't interested in the financial part of it," yet you're taking his word on a huge macro call? The bottom line is this wouldn't be an article at all if his name wasn't attached to it, so people are intrinsically inflating the value of his advice because he's been successful in the past. I've read the article 3 times and it's still incredibly low-level analysis
@_date: 2018-01-24 04:05:56
Hey, no shame at all in that approach. I come here for the healthy arguments/conversations with an open mind and to have my opinions challenged!
That being said, I think we were a **lot** more in agreement than I initially thought. I'm right there with you in this line of thought: "However I resent the assumption made, that the media also often makes; that Bitcoin is complicated or hard to use." That being said, from my experience working with older people who are technology-phobic, I've seen way too many people completely shut out new technology because they don't understand it. It's this incredibly frustrating mindset that a shocking number of people have--instead of trying to learn something (even as simple as setting up a printer or a router) they'll totally shut down and prefer someone else just doing it for them. I don't worry about bitcoin (or other cryptos) being that much harder *to set up,* I worry about people shutting it out because they don't understand
My main point in bringing that up, though, is that it's a big reason why I see banks existing even if crypto takes over. Too often, I end up arguing with people on here who think that crypto becoming mainstream means no more fractional reserve banking, no more banks, and an entirely peer-to-peer lending system. I have an issue with the a lot of the blind claims that are thrown around regarding how bitcoin will rid the financial system of fraud, eliminate the credit cycle, and so on. Completely my mistake that I was arguing a strawman this entire time
I love bitcoin for the operational component. You're right--it does everything better operationally, and that's saying a lot considering how much of a behemoth banking transactions are. As long as people are reasonable about the outcome and expect bitcoin to be (mainly) show operational benefits instead of acting as a fix-all to the financial system, I'm 100% for it. As you said earlier, the *option* to be completely independent with your transactions is awesome, whether or not everyone chooses to do so
@_date: 2018-01-02 16:35:18
What? That's ridiculous. There are varying levels of risk-profiles with investments and saying that you should be willing to lose literally all of your invested capital is nonsensical. Bitcoin has an incredibly high-risk profile, and as a result is incredibly high reward. The guy is making a very valid point and you're just arguing semantics
@_date: 2018-01-23 18:26:14
That's not what I said. Like, at all. What's the value of gold? You could back into a value of gold using the utilitarian supply and demand, but that would obviously be significantly lower than the current value. The majority of the value of gold comes purely from speculation, as does bitcoin
The litmus test is not a hard one to conceptualize: does the asset have internal cash flows? If no, it is entirely speculative. There's a place for speculation, and speculation isn't binary--it's a scale. Even less speculative assets are still, at their core, very speculative. I'm not sure why you're getting offended by this. It's an unequivocal truth in finance. Most of the people betting on the stock market are speculating too, and the stock market even passes my speculation litmus test
If you show me some sort of rigorous, near-universally-accepted valuation model for bitcoin, I'll concede the point. I don't think one exists, though
@_date: 2018-01-02 16:41:22
I'm so, so tired of this response. There are plenty of people who have read the white papers, understand hashing, and get how the tech works who recognize that there is a world in which bitcoin reaches $0
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:23:31
Okay smartass
Please tell me why the following scenario is impossible in bitcoin:
I'm a bank. You deposit your bitcoins with me because I promise to pay you interest and because you don't understand how the technology works and it's easier to let someone else take care of it. Or because you're worried about having to securely store bitcoins yourself and don't understand how external hard drives work. The reasoning doesn't matter for this argument, just the fact that you give me your bitcoins as a deposit
I take your bitcoin (totally legitimate and accepted by the blockchain) and lend out 90% of your real, tangible bitcoins to someone else in a completely legitimate transaction. The transaction is accepted because the bitcoin is completely real and you transferred control to me. What is your account balance now? It's still exactly the same. But what's that? I only have 10% of your bitcoin in reserves
What part of this scenario is impossible with bitcoin? Absolutely, positively, without a doubt, 100%, nothing. You can argue that people won't use banks, that people will revolt against fractional reserve banking, or for whatever other ideological shift you'd like to occur. I'd disagree, but that's irrelevant to this conversation. There is literally nothing intrinsic to bitcoin's code that prevents fractional reserve banking
Google it, I dare you. It's not like this is some fringe theory of mine--it's completely accepted as true
@_date: 2018-01-24 14:40:06
Literally no one is saying this. This title/story is an appeal to authority to legitimize a position. It doesn't make sense to appeal to an authority on something different from what we're arguing about. It's like saying "Neil Degrasse Tyson declares Eagles best football team in the NFL." It's interesting, sure, but mentioning his name is injecting some sort of credibility into his argument that he doesn't deserve
What he's stating should be evaluated completely at surface level, disregarding who he is. If he had accomplishments in monetary policy/econ, then I might be willing to take his word for it a little more
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:57:34
On top of what the other poster said, there's absolutely no reason to belive that fractional reserve banking would cease to exist under bitcoin
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:53:02
Yeah, so do I. If I'm being realistic with myself, I doubt it, though
@_date: 2018-01-23 19:27:33


Do you mean interest rates on retail deposit accounts or interest rates in general? Interest rates on deposits certainly lag the rest of the market in terms of increasing when the fed raises rates. When other investments start providing a better risk-adjusted (or in this case, essentially risk-free) return, banks will increase interest offered on deposits to keep people from moving chunks of their deposits into other investments. This certainly isn't a new phenomenon and is entirely expected to happen, albeit at a slower rate than fed funds increases


Your examples have nothing to do with fiat, though. Fraud certainly exists (and at times, runs rampant) within the financial services industry--I'm definitely not trying to imply otherwise. But saying that the system is "built on fraud" means that the core fundamentals of the system are fraudulent. My point is that this fraud isn't intrinsic to fiat currencies or our current financial system. It's intrinsic to people in general. As a result, I can't possibly see how crypto would fix any of these issues. That's all I'm trying to say here
@_date: 2018-01-23 19:15:41


Oh, 100%. The benefits for people outside of the first world are immense in comparison. Not trying to imply otherwise
Let me back up--my trip was mainly throughout England, and yes, I did get away with not having to withdraw any cash at all. If I did want to withdraw cash with my debit card, it would've been just as easy as it would have in the US. The "catch" is that foreign cash withdrawals haven't caught up with foreign credit card transactions in that many still still have outrageous tacked on. I agree though: if the "standard" transaction fee involved with bitcoin were lower than that of credit card transactions, that would obviously be huge
The problem is everyone compares an idealized version of bitcoin to the current version of our fiat system, which is also evolving. There are still some large operational benefits for bitcoin
I also think you have a bit of an incorrect impression regarding my viewpoint on bitcoin. I love the flexibility involved, and the possibility for removing trust in transactions. I think there are some very obvious operational benefits to be had. At no point did I intend to argue that bitcoin has more operational overhead than setting oneself up in our current system
What I was trying to point out, though, is just because people have the option to exist without using an institution to hold your money is available does not mean that they will, by and large, exercise that option. Will it be easier to set up a wallet to hold your bitcoin than to set up a bank account? I'd be shocked if it wasn't. But from a secure operations standpoint, which is preferable? 
Again, for the average person, would you want to store a currency you don't understand on your computer, back it up (again, keeping in mind you don't understand technology particularly well), and save a password that is 100% un-recoverable, knowing that if you mess it up you'll lose your money? Or would you rather let someone else take care of everything for you? My point in mentioning operations has less to do with the hassle involved and more to do with downside if you mess things up. I certainly remember what it was like when I set up my first bank account and credit card--it wasn't particularly difficult (really just entering my social and a few personal details), but knowing that once you do, people who understand the technology will safeguard it for you will go a very long way. In my estimation, at least
@_date: 2018-01-23 17:32:48
Or to spend 10k on virtually any good or service? Oh, wait..
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:40:25


That was literally what I was getting at. So at least we've come to agree on the fact that it's nothing related to the codebase that would make FRB impossible


You think the average person--who is incredibly technically illiterate, mind you--is going to be okay with storing all of their money on their hard drive? What if their hard drive crashes? Oh, they should have it backed up on external hard drive so that shouldn't be an issue. You think the average person is technically literate enough to do something even that simple? Either they can educate themselves on bitcoin and basic computer storage, or give their money to a bank who will, more than likely, manage it for free with the stipulation that they can lend it out. Is it necessary under cryptocurrency? No. Will it probably happen anyway because people are scared of technology? That's a resounding yes from me
Besides, that's not even touching on banks offering interest rates to incentivise deposits. Or banks requiring people to have deposit accounts with them to offer loans. Are all loans going to be crowdsourced now? The list of things that would need to happen in succession (as ideologies accepted, not intrinsic to crypto operations) to eliminate banks altogether is absurdly long
@_date: 2018-01-23 17:41:37
Anything you've seen regarding bitcoin valuation on the "more rigorous" end of the spectrum? Would love to see
@_date: 2018-01-23 18:09:49




See, that I completely understand. To me, the value proposition for bitcoin is trust, not convenience


A little confused what you mean by "banks aren't going to raise interest rates." It's the central banks who raise interest rates and they have, in fact, been raising rates pretty consistently over the last couple of years. Also a little confused by "the current financial system is built on 100% fraud." What, specifically are you referencing? And how will bitcoin change that?
Regardless, bitcoin certainly eliminates mandatory trust in order to transact, which is a feature of our current fiat system. That being said, I don't see how things would possibly change much even with bitcoin. Banks would still exist to assist in the operational aspects of bitcoins. There's no way the *average* person is going to properly back up their bitcoin and store a key when they don't understand the technology at all and can simply let an institution do it for them free of charge
Not to even mention things like the capital required for loans
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:53:45
Smart contracts do absolute nothing to prevent the systemic risk involved in leanding--they just optimize the system in place. Think about this hypothetical:
You loan me 1 bitcoin at 5% interest. Whenever the conditions of the smart contract are met, the contract is executed. Oh what's this? I don't have enough money in my account to pay you back. What will the smart contract do to fix that risk, which is intrinsic to lending itself?
"What if it requires you to have that balance in your account?" Is often the rebuttal. But if that's the case, why would you even need (or want) a loan to begin with? The capital you receive is completely unusable, and you're paying interest with 0 benefit
Smart contracts are an awesome concept in how they will improve the process we currently have in place (escrow), but do literally nothing to help get rid of systemic lending risks
All of this isn't a bad thing though. Do you really want all of your loans to be crowdsourced? You still have to trust the platform through which the contract is executed or the programmer who writes the code for your contract. On top of that, the reason interest rates are as low as they are is because banks have an abundance of capital via deposits. If lending consisted entirely of people using their own, discretionary money to lend, it would be much, much more expensive to get a loan. Oh, and the value of bitcoin depreciates over time, so your loan gets harder and harder to pay back either way
All of this is to say that there also isn't anything preventing banks from existing and operating similarly to how they currently operate, just without the federal reserve setting interest rates
@_date: 2018-01-24 12:44:49
Even still, why would we believe he’s knowledgeable on monetary policy? It’s tangentially related to business in general and Woz let Steve handle most of the “business-related” aspects of development 
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:06:41
Can you be more specific? What aspect of the codebase do you think prevents fractional reserve banking?
@_date: 2018-01-23 17:51:49
I'm not ragging on bitcoin by stating that--the technology is incredible and it's staggering how much traction it's gained in the last decade. You don't get to dismiss a perfectly valid critique of something because it's "too new," especially when you're measuring the value of bitcoin in terms of convenience using things like taking fiat out of a bank or travelling with fiat as a detraction
In reality, bitcoin is still (*at this point in time*) massively inconvenient in comparison to fiat. Besides not being able to use it for purchases almost anywhere, there are absurd transaction fees every step of the way. Again, I know--lightning network is supposed to fix that. Hopefully it does
Let's look at fiat, though. I recently travelled out of my country (US to Europe) and you know what I had to do? Nothing. Zilch. Nada. Did I have to convert my USD to paper Euros in order to spend them? Nope. Did I even have to tell my credit card company about it? Negative. Literally all I had to do was use my card identically to how I would in the US, the transaction was converted back to USD and my card was charged correspondingly. Completely free of charge
Even with bitcoin (and LN), I can't imagine the process going much more smoothly. The only thing that would change is that trust in the bank isn't required. I don't think that, operationally, things will change that much for a large portion of first-world users
@_date: 2017-12-15 16:15:38


I still don't understand what happens to loans and financing in this scenario
@_date: 2017-12-17 22:10:47
Or a lack of adoption by businesses. Or governments. Or a decrease in price followed by panic selling
@_date: 2018-01-24 17:09:51
Honestly I think this was more of a misunderstanding. I agree the whole "whales conspiring" thing is annoying, and it's certainly not something I was trying to argue for. I don't think there's something big ulterior motive here--I just think that they're drumming up a story based on name recognition to get clicks. I don't doubt that you (and a lot of other people) are able to separate his name and credentials from the argument. I do, however, think that some people will gloss over the distinction and invest on blind hype partially fueled by seeing headlines like these. That's the part I have an issue with
@_date: 2017-12-15 15:50:36
Gold is also not a currency though. I get whiplash with all of the change between "bitcoin is a currency" and "bitcoin is a commodity"
@_date: 2017-12-16 03:48:57
Read my other comment for a rundown of why that doesn’t make sense to replace all financing 
@_date: 2017-12-16 23:40:31
Sure, you’re talking about CPI measuring inflation/deflation against a fixed basket of goods, which is how we attempt to track it now for fiat currencies 
@_date: 2017-12-18 21:09:53


Listen, it's not that I don't want that to. It's not even that I disagree with a lot of the reasons you like bitcoin. It's that there are still incredibly significant hurdles bitcoin has to climb for widespread adoption. Please, just be aware that there is a very significant chance that bitcoin does not pan out in the long run and you could potentially lose significant money. Invest wisely
@_date: 2017-12-18 14:40:01


How do you figure that? If 10 people "deposit" 1 bitcoin each with a bank, that bank is still free to turn around and loan out 9 of them should they please. If they hold 1 bitcoin in their reserves against the 10 bitcoins of liabilities as deposits, that's still fractional reserve banking. Bitcoin will do nothing to change that
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:47:32
I guess that's my point then. It seems like there's still nothing preventing the financial system from operating exactly the same way except with bitcoin instead of fiat currencies and without interference from central banks
@_date: 2017-12-16 23:28:47
World economies are incredibly stable by most conventional metrics. Your alarm is greatly exaggerated 
@_date: 2017-12-18 17:13:22
I don't think you're understanding my point because that's not how fractional reserve banking works
Let's use your example, but with fiat currency first. Person A deposits $1 in the bank. Person B wants to take a loan out for $1, so I take the $1 that I received from Person A and lend it to Person B. If person A wants to withdraw their $1, I wouldn't be able to fund it because I put their deposit to work elsewhere. Let's say person B takes that loan and deposits it in my bank. Now, I have $2 in deposits on my books despite there only ever being one physical dollar. The "increase in value" is completely on paper and doesn't require additional dollars being printed
It works exactly the same way with bitcoin. If Person A deposits 1 bitcoin with a bank by transferring it to them in the same way they would transfer to a merchant (i.e. completely acceptable to the blockchain), the bank will tell the depositor that they have 1 bitcoin in deposits. If they take that (totally legitimate) bitcoin and lend it out to Person B (again, totally legitimately) then everything is in accordance with the blockchain. If person A wants to withdraw that bitcoin, I am still just as unable to fund them with Bitcoin as I am with fiat currency
There's no need for alternate coins in this scenario and everything would be completely accepted by the blockchain--the mismatch comes because when you transfer your money (be it fiat currency or cryptocurrency) to a bank, you are receiving nothing in return. You're putting trust that the bank will be able to fund your withdrawal should you choose to make one
The bank would still be lending out physical bitcoins, but the IOU is towards the depositor, not the lendee. Does that clear things up?
One last point: I think what's hanging you up is the thought that once you unravel everything, you have more than 21M bitcoins. That's true, but it's also true with fiat currency--there is more money in the world on paper than there is physical money. Fractional reserve banking essentially increases the money supply (on paper) via credit, and hard money (like bitcoin) can't do anything to stop that. In fact, no one can really do anything to stop that short of requiring fully-collateralized lending and incredibly Draconian government practices. It's a consequence of the free market
Some additional reading:
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:41:50
You really need to start attempting to explain your line of thinking better instead of continually belittling people
@_date: 2017-12-24 14:44:34
Assuming all lending will be accomplished via crowdfunding is as naive as it is terrifying 
@_date: 2017-12-18 01:58:05
Here's the other reason why this is complete nonsense: even though there is **a** profit that satisfies your conditions, there is still a larger range of profits that were not "more than doubled." So it's, by definition, less than 50% accurate
Plus, we all know he meant doubled his investment so this is dumb anyway
@_date: 2017-12-15 20:00:18
Awesome, thanks for the answer! Makes complete sense to me
I can definitely understand the upsides of cutting down on operational costs and adding another layer of safety in that contracts will automatically execute. 
I don't understand how it would ensure that banks don't take deposits and lend them out despite not having reserves equivalent to the amount loaned. Sure, I guess smart contracts could stipulate that, but that seems like an entirely other point that needs to be agreed upon separately
@_date: 2017-12-24 14:43:14
From banks? That doesn’t change anything except the medium of exchange
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:27:21


So you're saying no deposit-backed funding, correct?
I also am a little unclear on how bitcoin will get rid of fractional reserve banking. Can you elaborate there?
@_date: 2017-12-15 18:59:15
That, I understand. But "the point...is that bank can no longer be the gatekeepers of access to financial services"
If you're talking about central banks, then that's totally fine, but a lot of people here are clearly talking about commercial banks. I don't understand how that part of the system changes
@_date: 2017-12-13 18:16:47
I don't agree with the guy you're responding to but you certainly do not understand what he's saying. His comment is in direct opposition to yours
@_date: 2017-12-16 00:15:26


Makes sense to me, but it doesn’t solve the “commercial/retail banks are the gatekeepers of financial services” quandary that it’s supposed to 
@_date: 2017-12-18 20:37:28
This is an awful lot of projecting based off of my 2 comments:




Saying that bitcoin is essentially a risk-free investment over the long term is really, really dangerous
The level of conviction you have for bitcoin is staggering
@_date: 2017-12-16 23:58:05


I just don’t understand how anyone can say that with absolute certainty 
@_date: 2017-12-17 21:53:45
This makes literally no sense whatsoever. His initial profit is $0 so any increase in profit is an infinite percentage increase
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:00:23
That's not what I'm asking. Where will they get enough of that currency to loan out to people?
@_date: 2017-12-17 03:36:56
P2P lending already exists, though. Smart contracts are certainly a process improvement, but all of the fundamental flaws and risks involved with lending still exist
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:28:44
Oh, you just mean an interest rate on your deposits
I guess what I don't understand is how this differs at all from our current system in terms of commercial banks, lending, and financing. How does this get rid of the "gatekeeper" effect that banks have with regard to financial services?
@_date: 2017-12-15 17:47:09
How will they fund their loans in that scenario?
@_date: 2017-12-18 14:00:14
Agreed. I generally am pretty bearish on bitcoin's long-term outlook, but the economics and financial impacts is fascinating. I love the debate and am very willing to change my views when compelling counterarguments are presented
But I get none of that conversation here--it all price posts
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:12:17
Can you expand on what you mean by % dividends?
@_date: 2017-12-18 17:54:50




Ah, see *this* argument I certainly understand and this is speculation/opinion-based on either end. I would have to disagree, though, for a couple reasons:
*Operationally, bitcoin could free an individual from commercial/retail banks (if we want). That's true. But there are also economic incentives for keeping your money in a bank. Interest is the most obvious, although interest rates would have to be higher as bitcoin is deflationary. Banks are also good vehicles for getting your money into other investments. What if banks required you to store deposits in order to receive loans? Is the alternative entirely peer-to-peer lending that is fully collateralized? Lending would very obviously be considerably less frequent and financing large purchases would be next-to-impossible
*What about people who aren't technically savvy? Right now, bitcoin has an advantage in that most of its owners are knowledgeable about tech, or at least willing to trust tech. But what about people who don't understand the technology? What about people who fear their hard drive will crash? Are we expecting everyone to back up their hard drives instead of letting a corporation handle it? I can certainly see a large number of people wanting someone else to handle the technical aspect for them
*What about before fiat currency? Back when we had "hard" money (the gold-backed dollar), where did people store their money? It was still in banks despite the fact that depositing in banks hardly possessed a clear operational advantage at all. I would be inclined to think that the same thing would happen again
Besides, I'm not so sure eliminating deposit-backed lending is a good idea anyway. If everyone had to post 100% collateral on every loan, lending would dry up
Anyway, this is, indeed, speculative on both ends! Thanks for engaging in actual debate on the subject
@_date: 2017-12-15 17:57:20
How is this changing the system, then, if you still have deposits, loans etc?
@_date: 2017-12-15 02:48:56
A lot of that is government-mandated, not up to the discretion of the bank. But I understand your point regardless
@_date: 2017-12-24 15:59:07
Yeah I mean I generally agree with you, my point is just that I don’t see deposit-backed lending going anywhere. Even with bitcoin, people will deposit their bitcoins with a bank. For one, people will want to earn interest on their money (yes, even though bitcoin is deflationary). For two, the additional security is huge, especially for the technically illiterate. Expecting millions of people to store their bitcoins on external hard drives with backups and paper wallets incase of malfunction is naive
But that’s a good thing, honestly. The amount of money funding loans via deposits is so incredibly massive compared to all other forms of backing that credit would essentially dry up if we lost it
@_date: 2017-12-16 23:24:52
Also interesting to note that if bitcoin were to become a universal currency then fiat currency would be worthless and your measure of tracking the value of bitcoin will be irrelevant
@_date: 2017-12-15 03:10:50
You too man! Always love a pleasant conversation 
@_date: 2017-12-18 01:48:15


This was my point, though. Are you disagreeing? A little confused
@_date: 2017-12-18 01:41:29
Yeah, I understood exactly what your argument was from the beginning. The issue is that the verbage implies (to me, at least) that he doubled his *initial* profit, not his profit at some arbitrary time after his initial investment. If you disagree on that point, then that's fine
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:51:37


This, I don't understand. How will cryptocurrencies eliminate financing? Lenders will still have to exist, and they will still find it useful to know the likelihood they will get their money back, right?
I'm legitimately asking--this isn't a loaded question. I really, really want to hear the other side of this argument!
@_date: 2017-12-18 19:22:23
Yes, even for bitcoin. What if bitcoin has some huge implementation issues and public sentiment switches to an alt? What if cryptocurrency altogether runs into trouble?
Saying that bitcoin is essentially a risk-free investment over the long term is really, really dangerous
@_date: 2017-12-24 14:46:44
And how will these “lending businesses” fund their loans without deposits?
@_date: 2017-12-15 15:32:48
Read through your comment history and remind me again who sounds butthurt
@_date: 2017-12-18 14:16:21


Not re-evaluating your investments is a fantastic way to lose money
@_date: 2017-12-24 16:57:29
Yes! Totally agreed!! I’m not sure that I see crypto unseating the current system because of how entrenched fiat currency is, but what you mentioned is a real, tangible pro of bitcoin
I’m just trying to cut through some of the sensationalism and unrealistic expectations to get to the real benefits of bitcoin. They’re a lot more subtle, but they still exist
@_date: 2017-12-16 03:52:29
What measure stop a bank run? What measures stop a bank from lending out more than they have in reserves? This is an absolute fairytale. Even with bitcoin, an entity can receive desposits and lend them out with a promise that they will repay in the future. You’re talking about a change of culture that is in no way intrinsic to bitcoin. An incredibly similar financial system is probable even with bitcoin 
In addition, nothing in bitcoin prevents fractional reserve banking. Banks are still able to lend out money they receive in bitcoin as deposits. I don’t know why people think that will change 
@_date: 2017-12-18 15:14:21
I don't understand what is going to stop people from transacting their bitcoins to banks for storage and the banks transacting them out as loans. That would be accepted by the blockchain, no?
@_date: 2017-12-18 01:50:51
Oh, gotcha! No worries
@_date: 2017-12-15 23:38:59
Who’s funding, though? The reason loans go through banks now is because they have an incredible availability of capital via deposits. If that’s not the case, lending would be much, much harder to come by
On top of that, fully-collateralized smart contracts are in no way a necessary element of bitcoin. There exists a world where uncollateraized loans and bitcoins are used in harmony. Hell, there exists a world where uncollateralized loans, bitcoins, and fully-collateralized smart contracts exist together
Think about this: say a company wants to issue a bond. They find investors and put together a smart contract. The investors pay them 100 btc. Oh wait—to fully collateralize that, they have to put down 100 btc and therefore have no way of effectively raising capital
What about non-bitcoin collateral? Smart contracts have no way of repossessing physical assets. Besides, even if they did, it would just be a more efficient version of the system we currently have. Escrow already exists (as do collateralized loans), and they work *most* of the time. Smart contracts are thus a process improvement, not a different system 
Smart contracts are therefore only useful in manner of “I will pay out a set amount of money if certain conditions are met.” They are in no way revolutionary in how we lend lump-sum capital on the promise of future cash flow. That’s still as variable as ever, because a smart contract can’t take money out of an account if that account is empty 
As such, if smart contracts were the only means of lending, credit would be insanely constricted and the market would slow down immeasurably 
It’s interesting to me that a technology based on libertarian ideals is so blatantly anti-free credit 
@_date: 2017-12-15 12:53:02
Cool, jackass. If you want bitcoin to gain meaningful momentum it isn’t going to happen by shitting on people. But hey, that’s none of my business
@_date: 2017-12-25 14:14:31
It’s naive to think that credit wouldn’t grind to a halt if lending was entirely in the hands of individuals. Individuals aren’t well-suited to make decisions on lending and they certainly aren’t as willing to offer up there capital
@_date: 2017-12-16 22:50:23
Fractional reserve banking is very literally holding less than full collateral for your deposits. If a bank takes 10 bitcoins in deposits, they could very easily turn around and lend out 9 of those bitcoins, only holding 1 in reserve against their deposits. That system is still fractional reserve banking and there is still literally no reason whatsoever to assume that will change 
@_date: 2017-12-18 14:29:57
Jesus, man. Put down the thesaurus