@_author: ned_flanders31
@_date: 2017-06-06 20:54:59
It is really comforting and refreshing to read the sentiments you wrote. Thank you for being a good person. 
@_date: 2017-06-09 21:53:06
 All for innovation. I love me a smart solution as well. Sometimes though, you will surely agree, the simple solution is best. In this case, it also has the most efficacious result. Elegant. Miner centralization hasn't been solved yet. Perhaps a compromise could be reached? I would be cool with segwit if we also lift the limit on block size. We are an intelligent community and on the same side. 
@_date: 2017-06-09 17:01:38
Why not just...increase the size of the blocks that hold all the transactions? 1mb is a damn floppy disk. 
The miners incentive is to process txs and get those sweet, sweet fees. If the network continues to be overburdened, and each transaction comes with a high fee, regular users like you and myself will be priced out of using it as a currency. Only rich banker shitlords will be using it. With such a decline in everyday users and txs, the fees will correct. Only by that time, the masses will have moved on to an altcoin or worse, Fiat banker bucks.
How does segwit fix this problem? With an effective 1.7x increase? Why use a separate, off-chain tech to half ass a problem when you can just remove block size limit and let the market continue to set its own price, as it did for nearly a decade before hitting this artificial ceiling?
If the blocks get too full and users decline, there won't be any fees to mine for. People are hungry for change. As soon as word really started getting out on this thing, the blocks filled the fuck up. They are stuffed with the dreams of many who wish to escape the banker bucks old money bullshit. 
The bankers found out about it too, however, and realize that Bitcoin could spell the end. We are in the middle of a divisive argument, yelling thru the internet. Developers are fucking celebrities now and they are acting dazed. Maybe some old money happened to fall in their pockets? Maybe artificially depressing block size and thus network throughput is actually benefitting someone besides those that are inspired by the whole movement away from slave bucks.
Jihan is taking advantage now, but he will have nothing to take advantage of if there is no Bitcoin. There will be no Bitcoin if we all continue to squandered first moved advantage. Why would a business who went to scalable ETH come back to Bitcoin at this point? 
I would rather have new shit heads raking in the dough, at least they are doing it by working for Bitcoin. The fees will be smaller at first when the block size increases, but once the price goes TO THE FUCKING MOON with the broadening userbase and robust applications it's capable of, the txs will dramatically increase in number and they will have life long careers. 
Bitcoin is a game changer, but we have to let it grow to be bigger than the game first. How does segwit do all that?
@_date: 2017-06-05 21:30:15
Uasf is not what noobs think it is. Head on over to r/btc and ask them to elucidate. Read the satoshi white paper, hard forks are necessary and foreseen. Don't let greed sneak in, keep Bitcoin great. Just buy and hold.
@_date: 2017-06-05 22:49:31
Lol top kek man. 2mb+segwit is a good compromise. I'm not a sock puppet, this is an alt I created for clash Royale based on my in game tag. I just spent the last 15hrs wired, delving into all the info. I informed myself and the conclusion I reached is that there are players in the game who want Bitcoin to be more centralized, and for transactions to be done in a 2nd layer so that they may profit. All of this can already be done on chain, fees will go down as soon as block size is expanded. I do not wish to argue, just want users and miners to inform themselves! 