@_author: needhelp4321
@_date: 2014-02-16 20:33:33
Bitcoin community please help my sister, she is in dire need of help and we are trying every avenue to get her help.
Three weeks ago Jackie awoke with excruciating pains in her chest. Fearing that there was something terribly wrong with her heart she drove herself to an emergency clinic in LA. After a clear EKG the doctor ordered a chest X-Ray which showed that not only was her lung collapsed and full of fluid, but that Jackie had a 3-inch tumor growing inside her left lung.
In pain and in shock Jackie agreed to check herself into a county hospital. After 30 hours in a crowded waiting room a kind doctor took notice and got her in a room so testing could begin on the tumor and the fluid in her lungs. After a week of invasive testing and painful procedures that were often rescheduled many times, the results came. On Tuesday, January 21, 2014 Jackie was diagnosed with stage four, non small cell lung cancer. At 32 years old, a diagnosis that was shocking not only because she has always been a non-smoker, but because she is young and has always lived a healthy life. She was released on the following Saturday after several more painful tests and procedures.
Jackie has lived her life with voracity unlike most others. She believes in pursuing your dreams and is willing to fight for what she knows she deserves in life. She has not only created and maintained a thriving business doing what she loves, but she has also balanced that with her passion in music. She pours herself into her songwriting and those lucky enough to witness her on stage have seen this dynamic woman shine. She has set a standard for life that not many others could live up to. All the while, she has always taken care of everyone around her including her family, her friends, a fan at a show or a passerby on the street. She encourages us to pursue our own dreams, even if we don't think we have the courage to do so. She is a giver, a musician, a sister, a friend, a daughter, a lover and most of all a fighter.
Jackie needs your help now for the fight of her life. It is time for this gracious giver to be the receiver. We need to get her to a specialist doctor in Houston so she can receive proper, personalized care from one of the top cancer treatment centers in the world. Jackie has always given the best of herself and now she deserves the best. Time is of the essence and we need to move quickly. While she has enrolled for insurance, we do not have time to wait for it to finish processing. She needs treatment now.
Please donate whatever you can to:     1AfpCKp5dAkogWQ7F7Ak34xpGGACK7mVY3
