@_author: needbitcoinhelp
@_date: 2013-12-18 09:32:21
I'm upset with Coinbase right now as well. I bought a bit over 1 BTC a few days ago, and I'm scheduled to receive them tomorrow. Coinbase has not initiated the bank transfer yet, and there is no option for me to cancel the transaction on coinbase. In their support base, they say that transactions are able to be canceled until the bank transfer starts.
This is ridiculous. I don't want to wait longer than I have to to get these coins. I was okay taking a loss. But Coinbase starting payments late is something I'm not okay with. I just placed a stop payment with my bank, and I'm hoping it works. Not cool Coinbase.
@_date: 2013-12-18 09:24:32
I'm not being stupid and greedy. Coinbase specifically states that a transaction can be cancelled before a request for the bank transfer has started. I contacted my bank, and they verified that NO transfer has been started. Coinbase is supposed to deliver my order TOMORROW. ACH is NOT that fast. They are in violation of their agreement. I do not want to wait longer than I agreed to to get these coins.
@_date: 2013-12-18 09:10:56
To further clarify, I contacted my bank and they confirmed that Coinbase has not requested an ACH transfer yet. In Coinbase's support section, they say the option to cancel a transaction is removed once the bank transfer starts. Yet I don't have the option to cancel the transaction!
@_date: 2013-12-18 09:48:30
This has nothing to do with volatility or fear of loss from NORMAL trading. It has to do with the fact that Coinbase is supposed to deliver my coins tomorrow but has yet to even start a bank transfer yet. Hence, I'm going to be getting my coins late. I'm also supposed to be able to cancel a transaction before a bank transfer is initiated, Coinbase states this in their support section. I don't want to be sitting around waiting who knows how long for coins to come as Coinbase twiddles their thumbs and waits for whatever reason to start the payment process.
If I use coinbase again, it will be with the instant credit card option. Only reason I didn't do it this time is because I still need to wait 30 days for Level 2. After this, I'll buy some dust and wait 30 days after that goes through. But I'm not using Coinbase for large orders on the 4 day option if they can't even do things on time.
@_date: 2013-12-18 09:55:04
My bank verified that no transaction has been initiated yet.
@_date: 2013-12-18 10:15:21
And the part where it says "it means a request for the bank transfer has started" means that the cancellation window has passed BECAUSE a bank transfer has started. If the bank transfer HAS NOT started, then the cancellation window CANNOT have passed based on the terms they have given. It's logic. "If a then b" is true, then "if not b then not a" must also be true.
They've written their terms out in plain English. They are in violation. I am mad about it. And I want to know why Coinbase has taken so long to start the bank transfer, and why I cannot cancel before the bank transfer has started.
@_date: 2013-12-18 10:05:13
Read their support article...
"If the cancellation window has passed, it means a request for the bank transfer has started and you will need to wait for the bitcoin purchase to complete, at which time you can sell the bitcoin. "
Hence, if a bank transfer has NOT started, you can still cancel. They have not started a bank transfer, but I am not able to cancel. That's the problem. And that's why I'm mad.