@_author: neemasky
@_date: 2014-03-25 19:31:06
"Freedom is the right to -be- wrong, not the right to -do- wrong." - John Diefenbaker 
"When Freedom is outlawed, only Outlaws will have Freedom." - Tom Robbins in Still Life with Woodpecker 
You know once upon a time not too far back owning a slave was legal here in the good old USA. Just because its law, it doesn’t make it right. That is the problem with authoritarian followers of today. Blind and devoid of wisdom. Notice I did not say intelligence because any human that can clothe themselves has at lease some level of intelligence.
Authoritarian followers don’t want to just live and be left alone, they want everyone and their mothers to conform to their  “authority” or their life doesn’t make sense. And it doesn’t matter what color, race, or belief. 
The only authority I follow is: Natural law. 
With that said, anyone not recognizing that public opinion is massively changing about marijuana legalization and the hugely unpopular “US drug war” policy, must be living on an island somewhere.
RIP “Riffer madness!”
Time to turn off the media whores and look around with your own eyes.
After all, bitcoin was created because of the similar principles of freedom from a central authority, no?
@_date: 2014-03-25 19:54:42
Case in point. Why must you conform to the “public Image” authority meme?
People who want to use bit-coin will use it and that is that. 
“Public Image” cannot stop an idea whose time has come.
@_date: 2014-03-25 08:57:56
Well why don't you try out  
@_date: 2014-03-26 00:24:14
Well in my opinion that is a sign of an immature society.
And I am Canadian so I don’t know if my opinion counts for much. ;-)
With your logic your essentially saying that if criminals use henckel knives for murder, the merchant service providers should stop dealing with that company because some people out there want to blame the company for the crime of the individual.
You can never please the whole society at large and nor should you want to. 
All you need to do is educate people and allow them to make their own choice. And you will always have naysayers.
The American preemptive approach is a moot point.
Remember "they" are still trying to shut down pirate bay!
It is the same concept.
"Let those that have ears hear and those with eyes see"
@_date: 2014-03-25 09:05:50
Like us on face-book and get an extra %10 discount.