@_author: neil_woodfine
@_date: 2014-12-14 15:01:54
Said the turkey.
@_date: 2014-10-21 12:02:21
Now, yes. But I think a better question would be: would I have ever gotten interested in it in the first place if it didn't have the potential to make me wealthy?
@_date: 2014-10-27 02:51:51
I don't think Amir is referring to exchange fees or market spread. He's referring to the fact that each bitcoin transaction is actually more expensive than a credit card transaction.
These fees are currently subsidised by block rewards, which are technically paid for by you, me and other bitcoin holders via inflation.
Someone tell me if my maths is wrong here, but number of transactions per block is around 500, so cost of each transaction is actually around 0.05BTC (~$17).
@_date: 2016-09-18 14:33:01
Okay thanks for the detail and hope you don't mind me having made some assumptions. Sounds like a very specific and very ambitious project! Must have been quite some work putting it together.
After reading around more of the comments on here it sounds like what you're looking for is a service that delivers payment to the supplier, but is willing to compensate you if things go wrong, and subsequently work it out between themselves and the supplier. Effectively isolating yourself from the risk. 
I'd suggest that this isn't the normal definition of escrow, and what you're actually looking for is insurance? There's definitely insurance providers out there that deal with procurement and that might be something worth looking into.
Bitcoin (and services built on top of it like our own) can definitely help with getting those payments to your suppliers more reliably and cheaply than banks or PayPal, but allowing someone to spend money and get it back when things go wrong is a pretty big ask for any company / tech.
That said, there's definitely ways of reducing the risk to manageable levels. My understanding of Alibaba's escrow service is they also do not release funds until buyer has confirmed receipt of goods, so that might not be the ideal solution either. Would be happy to talk through a few ideas, and would love to get some feedback on escrow service ideas (PM'd you).
@_date: 2016-09-18 03:19:27
I'm one of the cofounders at Remitsy, a payment service (powered by bitcoin) specifically for businesses buying from China. We don't offer escrow (yet!) but do allow businesses such as yours make more reliable payments that don't get knocked back.
Hope you don't mind me mentioning - you definitely understand your suppliers best - but I'd suggest taking anything your supplier has told you about costs / labor / margins with a huge dose of salt. They'll often say anything to keep things going their way. For example your supplier may be eligible for export tax rebates up to 17% which can be added to their margin.
If the supplier is going out of business from just a few days of missed payments then I'd also suggest double confirming you're working with a manufacturer and not a trading company. Most factories would be able to float the cost of components (usually they have a tonne in stock) until payment arrives.
On the credit card and paypal fees - these are likely not the full picture either. I'm not familiar with Alibaba's credit card processing, but the 3% may not be including the exchange rate, which can often suck. Paypal costs for sure are way higher than 3%. You're looking at 3.4-4.4% just for the payment, then 1.2% for the withdrawal, and another 0.2% for conversion to CNY. A top end of 5.8% lost (which just happens to be almost your supplier's entire claimed margin!). If you are paying in non USD currency then add another 3-4% exchange rate loss to that figure.
Is there a reason why the supplier won't accept the standard 30/70 model? Very interested to know what industry you're working in too as up till now I don't know *any* Chinese suppliers (short of bitcoin miner manufacturers!) that would accept BTC settlement. Generally just down to conservatism and lack of expertise in conversion.
While we don't have escrow yet, before completing a payment we do always perform due diligence on the recipient to ensure they are a legitimate business with no prior fraudulent activity using local public record info, which can help limit risk. With staggered payment terms and production/completion inspections, this may be enough to ensure safe orders.
I promise we'll be looking into adding escrow as a feature in the future too. Whatever service is provided, if built on bitcoin it needs to somehow eliminate the volatility risk, as with tight margins this can be killer for any supplier!
I agree that OpenBazaar isn't even close with the necessary ratings and features yet, but I'm personally pretty excited about it's potential as a cross border B2B platform. Alibaba (and the other existing B2B marketplaces) tend to be a total mess of trading companies, meaningless "gold stars", and just general misinformation. Perhaps with the right "addons" and ratings/moderation, OB could offer a more reliable solution. And integrate payments + shipping + a bunch of other supporting services (e.g. inspections?) on an open platform/marketplace. Would make buying from China a lot less messy!
@_date: 2017-07-19 15:52:58
The common ground is Segwit, which we've known all along. If BIP91 is implemented properly, Segwit's getting activated in the way everyone has wanted since it was ready.
There's two outcomes as I see it regarding the attempted November hard fork: 1) Team NYA starts to fracture and it's aborted (why rock the boat?), 2) Team NYA is mad enough to try and it fails.
In either scenario, after you've disrupted the network, you'll have to ask yourself who the "genuine Bitcoiners" are. No one is always right in bitcoin. But there's a certain group building up a track record for being consistently wrong.