@_author: nejucomo
@_date: 2015-07-28 14:19:05
Hello. I have only read the abstract as of this post, and skimmed the first part of Section 6 (up to Claim 7).
Claim 7 says nothing about the magnitude of the delay.  My intuition is that this problem derives from the ratio of block propagation latency to target block mining time.
So for example, if the target block creation time were 1 year, and blocks saturate the network in minutes even in the worst circumstances, then this effect would be much smaller than in Bitcoin today (10 minute target time, whatever latency the real-miners-on-theinternet have).  By contrast very small block target times would increase the attack profitability (assuming the same network latencies).
Is this intuition about the ratio of latency to block target time correct? (-and do the examples follow?)
@_date: 2015-04-01 16:13:20
Continuing this half joke/half proposal, given the holiday and all:
There is an appealing possibility here, in my book: the nodes that do work are the same nodes that wish to pay the cost to append a transaction.
This removes "mining nodes" altogether, and fully aligns the incentives of the transaction emitters and the consensus maintainers.
Consider the most general incentives in a payment transaction: The recipient is motivated to ensure the payment is not a double-spend. A spender is motivated to convince a recipient of that fact long enough to eat the cheeseburger.
It seems "most natural" for the recipient to pay for the assurance that there is not a double spend, so it might be most natural for them to burn PoW to append to a ledger.
Bitcoin is much more complex: during the high block reward era, the spender is a freeloader on all BTC holders, and all transactions in a block receive the same amount of verification security regardless of their importance. During the fees-only era (if such a phase will even work) the spender competes with all other spenders in a particular time period to convince miners to include their transaction in order to convince a recipient that there's not a double spend.
Eventually the most efficient miners drive out the less efficient and the system collapses into a centralized ledger. By contrast, maybe "each recipient does PoW to verify against double spends" is not so much of a joke after all, since it may be the foundation of a longer-term decentralized transaction ledger.