@_author: nekohuntslight
@_date: 2019-09-15 11:09:28
I think your just paranoid and have failed to grasp how decentralised development works.
If there’s a weakness or flaw in the code we update it.
If someone performed a 51% attack we could definitely route around them, as the remaining network has rejected their chain and is now operating away from them making their hashes useless.
Open doesn’t mean the doors open, it means anyone’s welcome to come participate so long as they obey the basic tenants and if they fail to uphold a true chain they will be removed, don’t trust the people trust the code.
@_date: 2019-09-15 11:14:37
I don’t think you understand what a 51% attack does.
Please explain how it would let them fuck it?
Additionally mass printing money causes massive inflation and has literally ruined countries for decades, it’s not a smart or welcome choice for any country to make.
Also so you obtain 51% right, so now you can input transactions that aren’t real. That’s it. But as soon as the majority of nodes start saying it’s wrong they will reject it. So the chain would automatically route around them after 9 minutes and 21 seconds (based on the average at the moment) and that would just keep happening anytime they tried. But to try again would require new nodes on their end that aren’t being routed around, which takes time and costs them further. There’s literally no profit to be had beyond maybe one chance at a double spend.
@_date: 2019-09-15 11:05:18
Except that wouldn’t work.
If you distrust the faith in crypto most people aren’t going to suddenly just jump on a new coin, they will return to fiat.
Additionally this makes little sense on any level, let’s start with the development side. If they were able to develop ASICs that powerful two questions come to mind.
1) this solves the Yian problem so why wouldn’t China adopt it as a core currency while using their control as a form of security to protect their interests.
2) if the entire world has on a majority scale adopted it then multiple countries governments would have mining facilities as its profitable, secures their interest in it to a degree, and helps prevent a 51% attack making it extensively more difficult to achieve.
Now let’s continue down the 51% mark.
Currently the hashing power is almost at 100,000 Tera hash’s.
For global adoption we would expect this hit peak dramatically higher.
We have a hash rate of 85,116,194,130 GH/s currently (  now let’s assume for whatever reason this doesn’t go up.
We would still be talking over half of this amount which would be an incredible amount of computing power, particularly when we consider the diminishing returns of trying this as you have to account for your own hash rate while calculating 51%. If it’s 100, getting 51 won’t work as the total is now 151 and 51% requires you having more then 76 of that amount. So you can see the scaling problem they would also face.
This issue has been debated at length and it’s been proven to be incredibly unlikely.
It would be easier to seize control of 51% of the nodes and perform an attack like that except the fact that then literally anyone could just Run a node at home to help prevent this which would be difficult to out scale if there’s mass global adoption.
Please read the white papers and technical papers behind these technologies as they will help clear up why these things are unlikely and how we can prevent them if there is a high relative risk.
@_date: 2019-09-15 11:20:03
Also here in the land of Aus bitcoin has its own tax forms, we have to list the transaction hashes but not provide our keys. This is so they can see where we purchase the bitcoin (providing that invoice to), or where we got it via mining (the equipment or cloud contract cost can be used to negate some of the profit for tax to) then how much we cashed out into AUD. If you haven’t cashed it out then you don’t pay tax on it as it’s considered a capital investment asset not a currency itself.
So I can’t imagine them using prison time for not handing over your keys, particularly when there is a positive outlook for them trying to keep the tax paperwork to a minimum as well. If you cash out to much your bank is required to notify of any sudden cash movements over a certain amount and an audit would find you admitting that money was from bitcoin anyway which they can tax without knowing anything about your wallet.
@_date: 2019-09-15 11:21:01
TLDR: any 51% attack is highly unlikely and there are a ton of great YouTube resources or technical papers on why if your curious