@_author: nelroberts
@_date: 2014-03-03 19:01:11
"Thousands of people lost their life savings, tens of thousands more lost life changing money."
 In a word, a complete and utter Bullshit statement!
@_date: 2014-06-20 07:31:44
Sorry, I guess I just don't get it. Why would I ever give someone my banking information?...........oh, wait, l get it now....I'm a lazy greedy individual who can't be bothered to go actually have a human interaction with someone and directly exchange cash for bitcoins!
@_date: 2014-01-24 15:09:34
I think the author is absolutely right about the price dropping because we're a week away from Chinese New Year.  This starts on Jan. 31st and the main part of it runs for a week. It's a huge deal in China to give money for New Years, instead of presents. (Called " Lucky Envelopes" ). These are mainly given to young single people (think children and young adults) and I think some of this money will end up right back in bitcoins once the New Year is over....so expect, therefore, a rally or a bounce in price.
@_date: 2014-04-15 04:47:47
Googlemaster1's comments are extremely pertinent. As someone who has worked in the financial business world for over 40 years the one thing that continues to jump out at me in all of the bitcoin posts on Reddit is the remarkable "impatience" of youth. If you really want to contribute to the "Bitcoin community" the best thing you can do for now and the next few years is inform/teach your friends and acquaintances about Bitcoins. In the business world this is called "building your base" or "building your bread and butter" I have a friend who just turned 93 and he heard about Bitcoins and asked me about it. I built him a wallet and put 20 bucks in for him. Now he tells his friends and likes to boast to them that , despite his age, he's still a "with it" guy. 
So, build some wallets, give them to your family members and friends. If in a few years there's a couple hundred million people out there with coins in a wallet then one thing is for absolutely sure.....the retailers will want to relieve those people of their coins; ie., the retailers will do whatever it takes to "come on board" this phenomenon and no amount of squawking by the banks or the governments will be able to stop it.
@_date: 2014-02-10 22:40:48
Just so you know, I got a call today from Japan from strange guy asking if I wanted to buy any Btcs. That was the end of the conversation. (ie., I hung up). What's interesting is that...that particular phone number of mine has only been ever given out once (ever) and that was 6 months ago at Mt.Gox.
@_date: 2014-02-04 15:30:35
The following is hypothetical, but I think there is perfectly good explanation for Mt.Gox behavior. They are in a perfect position to take advantage of everyone else's greed. Here's how it works. People rush to open MtGox acct., transfer btcs to their new acct., so they can sell at higher USD price than any other Exchange and thereby make instant profit. These people proceed to do so and then try to withdraw their money....Mt. Gox prevents that from happening and no money is sent out for months. The traders then get extremely discouraged and decide to flee MtGox. The only way they can do that is to spend the cash in their accounts and buy btcs and transfer those out to another wallet. In the meantime, the people controlling MTGox could be secretly buying btcs on other Exchanges at much lower prices and then selling those very btcs to their own customers at an incredibly high mark-up and thus making huge instant profits. Through various stalls, excuses, delays and apologetic statements, MtGox could control the ebb and flow in an out of their EXchange perfectly and as long as no one could actually claim that they lost their money or their btcs then there would be no reason for Authorities to get involved. At times, MtGox could improve the situation just enough to lure a new batch of greedy traders into the fold and the whole rip-off process starts a new. Why make money on little fees when you can make huge  money on the greedy traders who think they are been so clever with their own arbitrage attempts.
@_date: 2014-02-26 21:51:39
Washington, D.C. – Today, the Bitcoin World Order sent a letter to U.S. Senator Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) seeking a ban on the Dollar, a currency that is unregulated and unstable, and has been used in illicit activity, including drug trafficking and money laundering.  We expressed concerns about the negative effect the Dollar could have on America’s economy if this currency remains unchecked in the amount now being printed. The letter was sent to Secretary Lew, Chairwoman Yellen, Commissioner Curry, Acting Chairman Wetjen, Chairman Gruenberg, and Chairwoman White.
Please read the full text of our letter below.
Dear Secretary Lew, Chairwoman Yellen, Commissioner Curry, Acting Chairman Wetjen, Chairman Gruenberg, Chairwoman White:
I write today to express my concerns about the Dollar. This currency is currently unregulated and unchecked in its printing of same and has allowed users to participate in illicit activity, while also being highly unstable and disruptive to our economy. For the reasons outlined below, I urge the Senator to take appropriate action to limit the abilities of this highly unstable currency.
By way of background, the Dollar is a currency that has gained notoriety in recent months due to its rising and falling exchange value and relation to illegal transactions, such as the illegal fixing/manipulation of the Libor Rate.  Each Dollar is defined by a serial number which is similar to a virtual currency with the exception that a Dollar is made of cotton fiber and a virtual currency is not., thus the Dollar is not only a token of value but also a method for transferring that value.  It also means that Dollar provides a unique digital fingerprint/serial number, which allows for anonymous and irreversible transactions.
The very features that make the Dollar attractive to some because of its world-wide availability also attract criminals who are able to disguise their actions from law enforcement. Due to the Dollar's anonymity, the  market has been extremely susceptible to hackers and scam artists stealing millions from users banks accounts, retail store accounts such as Target etc.,. Anonymity combined with the Dollars ability to finalize transactions quickly, makes it very difficult, if not impossible, to reverse fraudulent transactions. 
The vast world-wide network of the Dollars availability has also become a haven for individuals to buy black market items. Individuals are able to anonymously purchase items such as drugs and weapons illegally. I have already written to regulators once on the SEC's ongoing investigations with regards to the trading/manipulation of the Dollar by too numerous to count financial banks and firms, which have operated for years in supplying illicit profits to themselves and their wealthy clientele , thanks in large part to the creation of huge printed excess of Dollars, which has, indeed, being supported by the very regulators who were hired or elected to keep such things in check..
That is why more than a handful of countries, and their banking systems, have cautioned against the use of the Dollar.  Indeed, it is being considered to be  banned by a number of  different countries, especially regarding large purchases such as Oil and have taken the position that the Dollar as a currency may not really have any value, since, accordingly to Nobel winning economists it has lost some 97% of its value in the past 100 years.  Several other countries, have issued warnings to Dollar users as their respective governments consider options for regulating its use entirely. While it is disappointing that the world leader and epicenter of the banking industry will only follow suit instead of making policy, it is high time that the government heed others warnings. I am most concerned that as the Dollar is inevitably rejected by other countries, our good citizens will be left holding the bag on a valueless currency.
Our foreign counterparts have already understood the wide range of problems even with the Dollars legitimate uses - from its significant price fluctuations to its deflationary nature. Just last week, the Dollar prices plunged and rose wildly in relation to other world currency. We don't know at this time whether that was due to technical issues with operating the printing presses.  This was not a unique event; news of plummeting or skyrocketing Dollar prices is almost a weekly occurrence. In addition, its huge inflationary and deflationary trends ensure that only speculators, such as so-called “Large Financial Institutions,” will benefit from possessing this currency. There is no doubt average American consumers stand to lose by transacting in Dollars. As of December 2013, the Consumer Price Index (CPI) shows 1.3% inflation, while a recent media report indicated Food and Energy costs have actually risen  98%  in the past 2 years even though the offical inflation rate states only a 2 percent gain over that time period. In other words, saving Dollars now will cost you many orders of wealth in the future. This flaw makes the Dollars value to the our economy suspect, if not outright detrimental.
The clear ends of Dollars for either transacting in illegal goods and services or speculative gambling make me weary of its use.  Various well-known economists have  issued reports  stating, “There is widespread concern about the Dollar's unchecked expansion  will have an impact on our great nation, its potential for criminal misuse, and the implications of its use for taxation and the continued ability of our leaders to continue their spending habits unabated.” Before we get too far behind the curve on this important topic, I urge the regulators to work together, act quickly, and prohibit this dangerous currency from harming hard-working citizens.
@_date: 2014-03-04 17:42:40
Ok, chronologically ...you logged into your account successfully on March 1st without having to use 2 Factor and all your coins were there. For some reason (????) you did not re-enable 2 Factor on that date. You then went back in on March 2nd and all your coins were gone.
@_date: 2014-02-10 23:09:54
tulipfutures "Serious and educational responses will get downvoted......." 
Your response is ridiculous... Lest I remind you that Cyprus went into people's Savings accounts and just took the money out and an official at ECB (European Central Bank) admitted that scenario may repeat again in any number of countries. So, good luck to you thinking that your precious little money is somehow Safe and Secure in a financial institution. And, in regards to your first point about buying a chocolate bar..yes, the problem does exist that Bitcoin is solving, ie., that you have to go to a bank and get the cash in order to buy the chocolate bar to begin with...a bank that inevitably is charging you high fees to do so.
 AND, Bitcoin never made "wild promises" to anyone that they would make fortunes investing in bitcoins..so, STOP spreading crap statements like that!
@_date: 2014-06-15 22:25:55
PS. My friend, s coins have still not been deposit to their account after 24 hours and over 60 confirmations on the deposit transaction.
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:50:55
I think this whole report about Mt.G losing 750,000 coins over the past couple of years is nonsense. A lot of people have said the present CEO (now in hiding) is an idiot and that may be true. But if he had no direct knowledge of the missing coins then, to me, it smacks of an inside job done with the complicity of the CFO. Any CFO of any company is responsible at all times for the Balance Sheet, And, should be able to tell at a daily glance the number of coins in cold storage versus the totals of all customers held in their accounts. You simply could not notice over 2 years that 750,000 coins were missing. So, I doubt seriously that a single hacker could have made off with coins without some help from the inside. Rule in big business (and any investigative audit team will always tell you)....first investigate the CFO.
@_date: 2014-01-02 16:07:17
Finally got on here late and saw the ridiculous comments by nobodybelievesyou. The btcs ATM is a convenience for those who do not want to go through the ridiculous acct verifications at Exchanges and then have to wait 2 plus months to get activated like I have had to do at vrtx. Or for those who simply want to remain anonymous.  The prices charged by the btcs ATM are competitive with any localbitcoin price, which is exactly where everyone has to buy their btcs if they don't want to deal with the Exchanges,
@_date: 2014-02-07 12:50:57
I think the one big factor here is that Mt.Gox bitcoin price has now reached parity with the other Exchanges. The only reason why anyone would have been trading at Mt.Gox or opening an account with them in the past 6 months (given everything that has been said about them on places like Reddit) was the "greed" factor; ie., Buy on another Exchange and sell at a huge premium on Mt.Gox and make instant profit. That factor has now been taken out of the equation......which nicely eliminates all remaining reasons why anyone would have an account with them!!
@_date: 2014-02-26 16:22:31
This update is total BS. Mark K. and/or whomever he designated in his company as the CFO (Chief Financial Officer) are complicit in the theft of the coins. For hundreds of thousand of coins to be missing...it couldn't be otherwise.
The facts are straight forward......Mark K. refuses to divulge how many coins are missing. He refuses to divulge how many coins he has. He refuses to divulge any information as to why Mt.G was shut down. He refuses to divulge what has happened to customers' coins or what has happened to the company's cold storage wallet. He refuses to divulge whether or not he has approached the police or Japanese Prosecutor with the regards to a theft that stretches into the millions$. 
I would think that any Prosecutor worth their weight would be actively seeking legal/criminal action against Mark K. et al. And, for all those people on this post that wrote in to say they think Mark K. is doing the best job he can...you're delusional   
@_date: 2014-03-12 19:35:43
Phillip, interesting that you should mention that about the whole Grade 5 class "not knowing".
 A good, well-to-do, friend of mine is retired in a fashionable "snow-bird" retirement country that has a large ex-pat community. He's in his 90s and had never heard of bitcoins until he talked to me and I explained the process. So, this last Thursday, as he does every Thursday he went out for lunch at a local restaurant with 6 fellow ex-pat, retired, American, European, English and Canadian men, all a lot younger than him and wanted to show them what a "with-it" guy he was even though he's really old...so, when the bill for lunch came he said: "Hey guys, I wonder if this restaurant will take bitcoins". Not a single guy at the table (all retired substantial businessmen) knew what he was talking about. Not only that, later that afternoon he had a meeting with 2 local , in their early forties, lawyers..and they too hadn't the faintest idea what a bitcoin was.
 It just goes to show you that there are a great deal of people out there..that despite all the various good and bad press...just have never heard of bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-04-08 13:15:17
So, Jim has decided  to live his life with regardsto electricity different than 99.9999999999999  percent of the rest world, which apparently has caused his life to be turned completely upside down and now his  situation has become everyone elses problem (so he can save 20-40$ a month in utility cost) and then add to that.....it's far more important to get some distant future project worked on then fix present day real-time flaws. Good one, Jim!!!!
@_date: 2014-02-24 18:20:04
! disagree with Hildenborg to a certain extent. The paper gold that has been created, has been created by the central banks storing customers gold and realizing that everyone is never going to show up at the same time to ask for their gold. Similar to banks realizing that everyone doesn't show up at banks to ask for their money at the same time. Thus, central banks, armed with this information have sold off their customers' gold and left on their books paper IOUs . An interesting story came to light a year ago when Germany got the inclination that the U.S. did not actually have "in the vault" the gold that it (Germany) was storing there in the U.S. It demanded back its 674 tones of gold ASAP. The U.S. told them frankly it could not accommodate that request and eventually the 2 sides agreed that the U.S. would deliver 300 tons over 7 YEARS!!!!!. Conclusion, if there ever was an admission of wrongdoing...no finer example can be found. After all, 674 tons of gold could actually fit into a good size tanker and had the gold been there the whole operation would have been on its way to Germany within 60 days tops! My net conclusion would be, if all those physically storing their gold at central banks demand their gold back immediately, those banks wanting to appear the most honest and not subject to possible governmental and public scrutiny would scramble to buy up what physical gold there was available and as such..the price would dramatically rise NOT crash. 
The one thing that we do have with Bitcoins is the transparency, at least for the moment. The danger would be if large Exchanges started to sell off its customers' coins with the idea of buying them back at a later date. Customers can avoid all that by simply placing them in paper wallets... the same as Germany could have avoided the gold mess that it is in by simply not trusting a third party with their assets.
@_date: 2014-06-15 22:23:33
See my earlier post above. Did receive an email from Nicole this weekend (thank you Nicole) who said older addresses could be delayed in depositing due to re-indexing. My friend then sent a return email to Nicole chastizing the Vault for not warning members to obtain a newer wallet with them before doing a transaction. That's extremely bad planning on their part.
@_date: 2013-12-15 15:53:11
To author, re., last sentence of section 4... your logic is flawed