@_author: nelsnelson
@_date: 2017-12-31 00:04:33
I can't tell if this is satire, propoganda, or what...
@_date: 2014-05-01 19:34:47
Is there a new Poirot series??  ::googles::
@_date: 2014-07-01 18:32:11


( ._.) ^^sorry
@_date: 2014-03-04 15:38:56
Ah, I see.  That makes a lot of sense, thank you.
The inventory of reserve bitcoin would be easily assessable, but the circulation of promissory notes by the banks would be automatically regulated by the market, since the banks couldn't just continue to print/loan more and more money out, allowing people/banks to buy more and more bitcoin, causing an ever increasing price spiral, until the banks can no longer cover the leverage on their books relative to the reserves, and they ask the government for a bail-out in... promissory notes?  No, that wouldn't solve their dilemma.  They would have to ask for a bitcoin bail-out.  And why on earth would anyone give away a non-fiat currency for free?
@_date: 2016-09-22 15:43:49
I agree that in principal, a free market would work great at naturally suppressing all sorts of undesirable behavior and outcomes.
However, something that free market advocates seem to forget is that such beneficial suppression can only come from commercial participants themselves in response to information.
If vendor/merchant/business sells a faulty product or does something unethical when dealing with some consumers, then other consumers will not know to avoid the unethical business, unless information about the indiscretions of that business is free-flowing and readily accessible.
In other words, a free-market in which the positive benefits of consumer choice can only exist in a pre-existing environment of free-information.
And not *just* free information -- information which is distributed and consumed constantly and voraciously.
If only there were some distribution system which could make information easily published and accessed, and consumers could subscribe to notifications regarding potential business partners.
The Internet! you say?  Yes, except that in practice the Internet is inherently anonymous.  This is only beneficial in a context of an environment which oppresses free-flowing information.  In the context of an environment in which free-flowing information is encouraged and necessary, anonymity becomes a corrupting influence, since rumors and libel can be spread with impunity.
In order to enable a free-market within a free-information environment, identity and reputation must be secured without compromise.
@_date: 2016-09-22 17:17:51


What I'm trying to say is that any plain old market can exist without restrictions -- all you need is buyers and sellers.  But distortion and corruption begins as soon as you introduce lawyers, bankers, politicians, police, or military to the mix.
But what makes a plain old market actually free?  Just excluding the State and the State's thugs?  I think there's more to it than that.
Assuming a market can exist *free* from State intervention, let me try to talk about some things which might still make a market not so free in the sense that it could become distorted and corrupted:
1. A market can't be considered free if its participants can't make reasonably informed decisions.
2. Participants cannot be reasonably informed in an environment in which liars are never held accountable.
3. An environment in which there are obstacles to discerning between truthful truth-tellers and lying-liars will never support a market free from distortions and corruptions.


Well, authentication in this sense is really just fingerprinting, or identity confirmation.
The point I'm ultimately trying to make is that there is a dependency chain here for something which I could be satisfied with defining as a "free market".  Here is how I see it:
Free Market &lt;- Free and Reliable Information &lt;- Reputation of Information Sources &lt;- Identity Verification to support Reputation
I have intentionally excluded the dependency chain for "free information" because the Internet basically provides that already -- with the obvious exceptions for closed system ("walled garden") platforms, like YouTube, which effectively censors its content.
@_date: 2016-09-22 14:44:51
Gee, I dunno.  Seems like such a difficult philosophical question.
How about instead of speaking philosophically, we speak practically for a moment.
Is the following a fair definition?
A free market is that in which commercial participants are free from the threat of imprisonment, the levying of arbitrated fines, or state-sanctioned violence.
@_date: 2016-09-22 16:34:46


Is that like the Snopes of online product reviews?  I think there's mounting evidence that Snopes itself is actually biased.  So are we going to have analyzers for the review analyzers?  When does it end?
This is what I'm saying.  One of the reasons why product reviewing services fail is because of the inherent lack of identity and reputation tied to contributors.  Review contributors have zero accountability.
It seems that you and I may have to now come to an agreement on the definition of identity and reputation in the context of a free-information environment before we can agree on what constitutes a free market.


Yes, but the reliability of the information is questionable at best, and outright lies at worst.


I'll concede that point, but I don't think that a free market would by itself enable a free-information environment.  I think a free-information environment would enable a free market.


The current system is simply a data distribution network.  If we define information as only that which is actually reliable, then the current system fails pretty dramatically.  But then, that's only in my judgment.


To a certain extent, yes.  But adoption of identity verification services is still low.  See  as an example of what I mean by identity verification.  I can prove that I am who I say I am, to a reasonable extent.
For example, I have no idea who you are, no offense -- and so if you were to attempt to inform me of something and assert said information as truth, then I would be entirely unable to cite you as a source of said information.  The reliability of the information which you may give may be fine, but unless I am somehow successful in verifying your information independently, it would not be wise or prudent of me to use your information to make decisions.  This limits the usefulness of your information, and also inhibits the effective consumption of information within this existing system which we are using right now.
I hope I'm communicating my ideas clearly.  I don't intend to be argumentative.
@_date: 2011-06-07 07:41:51
That seems like it might perhaps be adopted as a strategy of agents acting at the behest of governments opposed to a currency that competes against their fictitious state-controlled currencies.
@_date: 2011-06-02 22:15:54
Ohhhhhh.  I guess I am just having trouble wrapping my brain around an entirely deflationary monetary system?  I just can't imagine how that would play out, economically.
@_date: 2011-06-02 22:20:26
What is the mechanism for agreement of this kind?
@_date: 2011-06-07 07:37:04
That totally makes a ton of sense.  Thanks.
So, one of the reasons why I asked this question is because, well, I had read a topic in a bitcoin forum somewhere in which the poster suggested that bitcoin was simply a pyramid scheme in which early adopters would make a shit ton of money, and everyone else would simply be left with a currency that became more and more devalued.
But clearly, a currency can only became devalued, if there is more and more of it, or, the value markers used for comparison and exchange are increasing in relative value.  But those seem like reasonable scenarios, not the fraud scenario envisioned by the poster in that topic.
I think, right?  My economics-fu is very weak.