@_author: neoandbee_evangelist
@_date: 2014-08-13 12:20:12
The convertibility of Bitcoin to fiat guarantees it's inevitable downfall
Enjoy your fraud, regulation, identification requirements, extreme volatility, etc.
Most of the 'early adopters' realized this in 2011 after the MtGox hack, just as I did:
@_date: 2014-08-13 12:30:11
You fail to realize the problem. I can buy items with Runescape gold and TF2 hats, but it doesn't make them 'revolutionary' currency.
Because of its convertibility to fiat, Bitcoin has just become Fiat 2.0. It's identical to fiat in all important respects, except where it's worse. For instance, US dollars at least aren't extremely volatile, and they're accepted literally everywhere - not just on gyft.com and through Bitpay/Coinbase.
What's the point in using Bitcoin over fiat? It's no longer pseudonymous, or immune to fraud, or immune to regulation, etc.
Its only attraction now is that it's a 'get rich quick!' pump-n-dump pyramid scheme
@_date: 2014-08-13 12:40:37
Saying 'b-but fiat is just as bad as Bitcoin is!!!!' is not an argument in Bitcoin's favor.
People already use fiat as an established currency, but what incentive do they have to use Bitcoin instead? There are no incentives anymore, apart from its remaining allure as a 'get rich quick!' pump-n-dump pyramid scheme
All the initial hopes and dreams that Bitcoin was supposed to fulfil have been scrapped. Bitcoin is a failed project that has just become Fiat 2.0.
@_date: 2014-08-13 13:09:00


You say 'absolutely untrue', but do not give any supporting examples.
What can Bitcoin do that I can't do with cash?


You answer your own question at the end there, and make my own argument for me that Bitcoin is just Fiat 2.0 in terms of what it can do.
Also the cavaet when it comes to using Bitcoins is that you may remain pseudononymous when you transfer it over the internet, or remain relatively conspicuous if you use localbitcoins and don't report anything, but that may be a criminal offense (i.e. money laundering, tax evasion, proceeds of crime) and they nab you when you start actually exchanging those Bitcoins for tangible assets of actual value.
You'll receive a polite letter from the government asking you to explain why there's a Lamborghini parked in your driveway and registered in your name, when you only work a $500/week job. Remember, in tax law, there is a presumption of guilt rather than innocence.


Who cares if it's elegant, even if it is? How does it's 'elegance' benefit me?


Actually exchanges discredit this argument. They can take days to process, and they all require ID verification which takes time and informs governments of large transfers of wealth you make. Your assets are also at risk whenever you use an exchange.
I did a calculation a few months ago on what would be the end-to-end fee you would end up paying for sending money from Mexico to the USA I think it was. It ended up being about 9% on $1000 from memory.
In contrast, I can send money through Paypal to pretty much any country in the world for ~5% fee or less, and it's instant - apart from verification time of course, but that's pretty quick too.


If you examine at the technical issues Bitcoin faces, you'll clearly see that transaction fees must drastically increase in line with increased adoption, to prevent or counter blockchain bloat which would make Bitcoin unsustainable and eventually make it come to a virtual standstill.