@_author: neomadra
@_date: 2016-08-07 09:21:49
@_date: 2014-07-22 08:20:22
Well Bitcoin isn't really trustless, too. If Ghash.io was malicious there could have been attempted double spend attacks already. Bitcoin needs to trust the big pools that they don't attempt double spend attacks and that they are voluntary sending miners to other pools.
But back to Nxt: 
I quote:
"In a nothing at stake attack, forgers attempt to build blocks on top of every fork they see because doing so costs them almost nothing, and because ignoring any fork may mean losing out on the block rewards that would be earned if that fork were to become the chain with the largest cumulative difficulty.
While this attack is theoretically possible, it is currently not practical. The Nxt network does not experience long blockchain forks, and the low block reward does not provide a strong profit incentive; further, compromising network security and trust for the sake of such small gains would make any victory pyrrhic.
As part of Nxts development roadmap[33], a feature called Economic Clustering will provide further protection against attacks of this nature by forcing transactions to include hashes of previous blocks, and by grouping nodes into clusters that can detect unusual behavior on the network and impose penalties (in the form of temporary loss of the ability to forge). "
And here you can see the accounts with the largest stakes:
So you are partially right but the thing is that there is no incentive in the moment do to these attacks and furthermore Nxt has a strong community and very good devs who are not stopping to program. If this concern becomes real we can do something against it. It's not a flaw in the core and the security will be developed further in the future. As in Bitcoin too I hope.
kind regards
@_date: 2014-07-22 08:08:27
It is not centralized, please explain why do you think it would be centralized. And what's the matter with pre-distribution? People were lucky to invest in a project that has become very successful. If someone had invested in mining gear at the very beginning of Bitcoins existence they would be probably rich by now, too. And that's okay because they recognized a opportunity where others didn't. So I don't see your point. 
@_date: 2014-07-22 08:49:50
I don't know who told you that but that's just not true. 
First: It were 73 people at the beginning but now there are thousands of people using Nxt. I'm looking for a link for exact numbers if you like.
And no, it's not centralised because no one of them can shut down the system or disrupt it.
The brain wallet is totally secure but you need a secure password. But because a lot of people don't understand this there will be a optional wallet.dat feature in the future, too. So everybody is happy. 
A question: Why isn't a wallet that can be accessed from all over world positive assuming people use strong passwords?
Nxt is fully open source: 
Of course the Nxt community isn't as large as Bitcoins community but Nxt is also way younger. But I'd like to invite you to nxtforum.org and you'll see that the forum is very active and you'll see that devs and volunteers are very very active.
kind regards.