@_author: neoschmeo
@_date: 2018-03-22 23:39:49
I think you can't ban the storage of the bitcoins blockchain because some twat decided to add child abuse images/links to the ledger. There should be some common sense applied. All miners who store the blockchain are doing it for the good of the network. Secondly, the questionable content can only be accessed using complex tor tools. Thirdly, any sicko who wants indecent images can no doubt find them on the dark Web anyway so making bitcoin data storage illegal serves absolutely no purpose whatsoever. It would only be a token gesture attempt by the government(s) to show that they are doing something about the issue but at the same time it would be disastrous for blockchain/bitcoin if the btc blockchain storage was banned. A fourth point is that the offending links are dead anyway (according to some news report) so if that is definitely the case, it's a non issue anyway. However, the immutable storage of data/messages on a blockchain is something to think about for future projects imho. 
@_date: 2018-03-27 18:08:35
It's all about intent. If I were to have a hammer in my car and got stopped by the police they would ask me what I intend to do with the said hammer. Obviously the sensible thing to say is that you love DIY. However, If I said "well Mr plodface, I want to bash somebodies brains in. I would then be arrested (and rightly so). They don't come out and instantly ban the production of hammers since there's 1 twat out there that intends to use it for no good.
The same should apply with storage of the bitcoin blockchain. If you intend to store the blockchain ticket mine/varify transactions then there's nothing wrong with it. The problem with a lot of folks in this thread is that they automatically say you are defending the undefendable and are a dirty pedophile if you say anything other than 'bitcoin should be shut down' and that to me is wrong. Obviously uploading filth to the blockchain in the first place is wrong and shouldn't be tolerated but to be honest I struggle to see what good making storage of the bitcoin blockchain illegal would do. The miners/verifiers wouldn't be able to do their job and blockchain innovation would be vastly reduced while the scummy pedophile will just move over to the darkweb and get his 'thrill' on some other website or just store the blockchain anyway. The moral of this post is, yes uploading filth to bitcoin is a problem ghat needs to be solved but to my way of thinking, doing it with a ban hammer is simply not the way forward, especially when some people (rightly or wrongly) have all their life savings tied up in this shit. 