@_author: neph001
@_date: 2014-01-23 21:50:00
Okay, I'll bite. I've got a good technical understanding of both the bitcoin protocol and, I think, what you guys are building.
Why would I want an off-blockchain macro/micro payment processor?
@_date: 2014-01-22 21:11:06
Someone suggested in the Google Moderator thing, 
"Google should launch a bitcoin bank for people to store their coins in as opposed to markets and private wallets."
Doesn't that absolutely defeat the purpose of bitcoin? We're trying to remove the use of "trusted" third parties here.
@_date: 2014-05-19 15:45:18
You're right. I should have made it more clear that I was really only talking about how I feel about the community.
Would you at least agree that the community (as an economy, at least) would be healthier if there were more transactions for services and goods, not only on their own, but especially in proportion to the number of transactions within exchanges?
@_date: 2014-05-19 14:30:15
No, I mean it should be treated like bitcoin was *designed to be treated*. As it happens, dogecoin is doing just that with their own currency because somehow the bitcoin community lost sight of the fact that their currency *is* a currency.
@_date: 2014-02-23 17:21:55
You'd be really surprised how easily these things end up linked.
I don't know about bitcoin addresses specifically, but I do know a little bit about digital privacy and data mining in general, so I'm going to phrase my example as an email address. It could just as easily be *any* string entered into a relational database somewhere.
So let's say you create what you think is an anonymous email address. "anon1234 The registration asks you to enter a full name and birthdate and whatever, but you give it fake data that doesn't apply to you, so you think you're safe.
That's cool, except you already made a mistake if you've ever used that computer for anything you put your name on, online. The email address may now be flagged as created from that IP, or that MAC address. If that simple relation is then sold/obtained by a data broker, and they look for matches in their data between the IP address and other information - like your real name, or non-"anonymous" email address, the address is no longer anonymous for that party.
Usually the result is fairly innocuous. You might notice, if you set up a fake facebook account, that the targeted advertisements are still targeted at you. But that isn't the point. You're no longer as anonymous as you think. You never really were.
This can just as easily apply to a bitcoin address. Your wallet's public key is just a meaningless string to you, but if you make one transaction on it from an address linked to your identity, someone now knows that that wallet key belongs to you personally. It might only be your ISP, or only the company you bought it from, but *someone* knows, and could then monitor the blockchain to observe all of your purchases from that address.
@_date: 2014-01-24 05:47:57
I'm not sure I understand. What would be the point? If they couldn't access it themselves, you would still be in complete personal control of the private key, and then what would be the point of using a trusted third party anyway? You either have sole custody of your funds or you don't. 
@_date: 2014-05-19 15:23:49
Figures? Like, about the fact that it was designed as a currency and not as an investment portfolio asset?
Sure, go read [*Satoshi's original whitepaper* (PDF)](
First sentence of the abstract:


payments** to be sent directly from one party to another without going through a 
financial institution.
Emphasis mine.
Cash. Payments. Not bonds or commodities. It's a *currency*.
Edit: PDF warning on that link.
@_date: 2014-02-23 17:24:43
I use Bitcoin Wallet for android, and it's become laggy and unresponsive since getting this transactions. I've been thinking about making a new wallet within the app or moving my funds to a new app entirely.
Do I need to? Or would using this tool somehow fix the problem?
@_date: 2014-02-07 16:48:30
But doesn't any degree of centralization defeat the purpose of bitcoin? There must be a way to accomplish micro-transactions without putting trust a third party.
@_date: 2014-05-19 17:15:14
I've read that full whitepaper, as well as pretty much every technical document on the technology (including large swathes of the wiki) that I can find.
I have not read much if any philosophical / non-technical remarks from him. If there are any, I wouldn't actually know where to find them. If you could point me in the right direction I would appreciate it, but this technology is clearly meant, from a technical perspective, to create a functional digital *currency*. And I know that currencies are meant to be spent. That's the only way the value can increase.
@_date: 2014-05-19 16:04:46


I would argue that anything is worth only what one is willing to pay for it, but I assume you're basing this on what you think people *will* be willing to pay for it in the future.
Supposing that, you've got a bit of a conundrum. For the value to go up to those rates, the community needs to grow. For it to grow, it needs to be "accepted" as a currency more. That, in my opinion, means it needs to be spent at more businesses and accepted at more businesses.
You see the circle? To get the value to increase in the exchanges, you need to spend it. But then when the value *has* increased, you don't have it anymore, because you spent it.
It's a classic first-to-take-the-leap problem (I don't know what the technical term for this is, but I see it a lot). Whoever jumps first suffers, but if no one jumps, everyone suffers.
Personally I spend bitcoin whenever I can, and prefer to be paid in it if I'm selling anything.
@_date: 2014-03-21 22:23:48
Eesh...yes, it would. And it will continue to exist when society catches on to the fact that this is *not* a portfolio investment. It's a *currency*. It's a particularly volatile currency at the moment, but it's still a currency.
You don't *invest* in USD.
@_date: 2014-05-19 14:07:13
I disagree. I think it's too late now to make a real fortune off of just holding onto bitcoin. It'll go up in value, sure. Maybe even a couple orders of magnitude if we're extraordinarily lucky. But I don't think anyone else is going to become a millionaire off of just having a lot of bitcoin unless the price drops back below $100 *before* jumping up to ridiculous value. 
No, to really take advantage of bitcoin now, we should treat it like it was meant to be treated: as a currency, and as a tool to be used. Not as a stock or bond to sit upon without using. 
@_date: 2014-05-19 15:31:47
Ah, I understand the confusion. No, I have none - I was attempting to share my personal opinion on the state of the community, I'm sorry if that wasn't clear.
My only evidence is anecdotal. From what I have seen in this community and in the dogecoin community, the bitcoin community has in large part lost sight of bitcoin's purpose. The feeling that permeates it, to me, makes it feel unapproachable to the average user, like if I were to sit down and start day-trading.
The dogecoin community on the other hand is vibrant, welcoming, and most importantly, *they're using their currency*. They're not sitting on it. They're not cautiously hoarding it and waiting for it to increase in value. They're buying, tipping, giving it away, supporting causes with it, whatever.
The bitcoin community has been miserly in comparison.
@_date: 2014-01-22 22:57:17
I suppose that makes sense. 
@_date: 2014-05-19 17:27:17
Perhaps I'm confused about terminology or nomenclature somewhere in this discussion.
I am not talking about inflation, I'm talking about actual increase in value. In the abstract, as a function of how much "stuff" can be bought with a given unit. More practically for the moment, as a function of exchange rate with USD.
I'm not talking about any government involvement or any inflation. I am saying that for the *value* (for the definition of value defined above) to *increase* the currency needs to be used.
It may be that this relationship is indirect. It may be more correct to say that for the value to go up, more people need to be interested in / using / placing subjective value in the currency. But for that to happen, I believe the aforementioned use needs to happen. It must be spent. It must be used to pay people with. If the bitcoin sub-economy does not grow, the value will not grow. 