@_author: nerdinexile
@_date: 2014-02-12 00:00:58
The 8b market cap is calculated by multiplying the total number of bitcoins by the current price of a bitcoin. The problem is that's not a realistic way to model how much actual real-world wealth you could buy with it. For one, buying and selling bitcoins impacts the value of a bitcoin, so if you were to try to extract a large portion of the value of the bitcoin economy (by selling a shitton of bitcoins for fiat currency) bitcoins would go down in price because of increased supply and suddenly your valuation starts to shrink. What this guy is doing is trying to figure out what role bitcoin will serve in the global economy, and then extrapolating from there. Like, if bitcoin ends up becoming the sole means of money remittance, then bitcoin must be at least that valuable to handle transferring that much wealth.
TL;DR Market capitalization/the value of Bitcoin is complex and intelligent people disagree about how to value and calculate it.
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:36:43
Yep, that's me told. Shame, I was kind of hoping for a glimmer of competence there, even malicious.
@_date: 2014-02-24 10:46:39
This is not necessarily proof that they are insolvent.
Here's my pet theory: MtGox is solvent. Certain very smart motherfuckers at Gox are working to make it look otherwise. They are doing this because they can make a shitton of money selling credit-default swaps against Goxcoins (essentially buying the rights to Goxcoins for actual delivered bitcoins, assuming the risk that Gox is insolvent in exchange for a discount). Since the aforementioned very smart motherfuckers at Gox can look in the company wallet any time they want, it's a zero-risk proposition for them. There are insider trading rules against this sort of shit in most countries but thanks to the nature of bitcoin it may be difficult if not impossible to prove such in a court of law. 
Everybody at Gox has a real strong incentive to make Gox look insolvent and weak, so that they can pick up Goxcoins at a ridiculously discounted rate. When Gox finally does show everybody the money, suddenly all those Goxcoins are worth the same as normal bitcoins again.