@_author: nerdcurious
@_date: 2013-02-14 01:17:47
I missed that one, thanks. 
@_date: 2013-01-08 22:56:10
Copied from the BTCFPGA Fourm post: 
Chinese new year or not this a bad time of year to rely on devices that rely so heavily on parts from countries that celebrate the near years and the up coming spring festival. That causes other delays  this caused us to go back to the drawing board and figure our a realistic shipping date from these products. 
We are ready to set a final - never again changing date for bASIC shipment and this will be between March 15th and Marth 29.
All Domestic orders will receive free express overnight shipping. Overseas customers have the opportunity for DHL international express shipping with will be much faster.
I strongly recommend both domestic and overseas customers to take us up on our hosting deal. This will get you the absolute cheapest electrical costs in the country and in hand you will have 24 managed care of your miners, not just the fact that over seas customers will not have to wait to clear customers to receive their package it means that they are able to enjoy mining right away and reap the benefits of the domestic customers who ordered at the same time. The 3d and most special part of the whole thing is the incredibly low electrical usual you will benefit from, we are talking the lowest electrical rates in the country. Something that will make the actual electrical usual of these devices which are very low to begin with completely meaning less!THIS IS THE REAL GAME CHANGER IN THIS eMINING GAME.
and I would be SO surprised if BFL can even been this date to begin with.
So yes no more messing around - I apologize for the unseen problems but i also give you an absolute final unchanging shipping dates via USPS Express MAIL, and DHL Express Overnight and these 100% guaranteeing shipping dates are March 15-24 and I guarantee it will not be any slower than most of our competitors if ANY. Not the mention the fact that our overseas customers who decide to host at daves' managed datacetner will see first mining difficulty jump advantages in a worry free and completely managed environment with the absolutely lowest electrical usage rates in the world. No Joke. For those of you who stay with us. YOU WONT REGRET IT 
march seems like a long way away but its really not and besides  i was not going to set another possibly uni obtainable date and than fall short. This is an ironclad guaranteed shipping date and I give my personal word and reputation on this date.  This is going to happen , as always our refund policy is wide open and until we go until assembly any customer is welcome to get a full refund at any time. I dont see any competitor releasing much faster than this if even before this date at all especially BFL.
If you stay with us God Bless You My Friends, if you want a full refund we will continue to give them and I don't blame you one bit for requesting that refund. You need to protect your investment and I understand that, I hope whatever ASIC manufacturer you go with, I hope it works out well for you and you will be ASIC mining soon weather its with us or with one of our competitors products
Play this one smart my friends
I will be taking schedulaed phone calls today - talk to take to setup a time slots
Time slots available
3pm EST
4PM EST
5PM EST
ounce those slots are full I will not be taking any more calls
please leave your number with Dave so I can call you because those other numbers are no longer working
thank you
Your Friend
FROM TOM:
I know - no one is happy about this
and I have a confession to make.
I have been dumping my blood sweat and tears into making this happen
and perhaps I was in over my head
I thought I could put this together like I did with the ModMiner Quad
obviously it was not and I was in WAY over my head
I fixed the post up from last night - so at least now its has a big of legibility
yes I had a few drinks before I posted that post (last night) - I was fucking heart broken, some of you look at my like im a fucking scammer and it kills me - I helped start some of the infrastructure Bitcoin runs on today, and have set many Bitcoin firsts
and this idea couldent be farsest from the truth. Look at what ive done for Bitcoin over the last 3 years, I live and breath bitcoin and I love it.
Unfortunately this project was way over my head and I thought I can handle this the same way I handled-ed the ModMiner Quad project, obviously I was sorely wrong and I am so sorry I could not bring this project to market in a timely manner
But I swear to you and I give you my word I never meant to lie to you or tried to give anyone bad advice. I am sorry about my drunken (now fixed ) post from last night - I had a few drinks before that post because after receiving the bad news (about March) - this was the only way I knew how to deal with it. I am selling my share in BTCFPGA and it is now going to be owned by a asian company that is 100% sure of a March Delivery.  if you are not interested in doing business with this company please feel free to filll out a refund request and we will refund your money is full. There is plenty enough money to make all of these refunds and I have been a pillar of this community for years, so please no panic. Anyone that wants a refund - they will receive one today. Please I ask you to please accept my apologize - if you can wait until March you will receive a superior ASIC mining device, if you lost your trust in me and my company than I dont blame you at all. But please understand I tried the best at the best of my ability and I can't take any of this anymore. I am not the right man for this job. Your new ASIAN benefactors will be online soon to greet you all and see where were are at and hopefully they can calm some of your nerves. They have the equipment to do most of these processes in house. They dont have to relay on sub contractors and deal with all these little problems that pop up in that process. They can fab pbcs, pick parts, soldering machines, the whole nine yards. You will be much happier with this company and with my out of the picture. Expect contact from them soon.
As for me im going to back to my web hosting business and my computer repair shop and live the simple life for awhile, enjoy time with my kids and please accept my apologies for not being the person you needed - the person who you needed to make his happen.
I will continue to sell modminer quads on  or mining and hobbyist uses on the side, and im going to try and live a happy life, I am sorry I let you down I really am and I hope the Asians took good care of you.
we are not going to scam anyone - if you request a refund you will receive it right away - if your willing to wait until March you will probably receive a better product than if you stick with me, thats just the reality of the situation.
sincerely with blood sweat and tears,
« Last Edit: Today at 02:47:27 PM by cablepair 
@_date: 2013-01-24 15:51:48
You wouldn't typically use JS to read the from a database. 
@_date: 2013-01-24 21:36:08
What client-side language would implement the JSON API &amp; AJAX calls?  Node.JS ?  Sounds cool.  I have only done this with PHP and Perl.  
@_date: 2013-01-08 23:05:48
I don't know about amazing, but the android mining client is cool.  
@_date: 2013-01-25 00:06:03
Sure.   Node is on my list to learn shortly, I'm using mostly php and perl right now. 
@_date: 2013-01-10 06:57:31
I agree, it is cool. I was going to use my raspberry pi to run my singles but now I have a choice. 
@_date: 2013-01-24 21:34:29
Sure, I PM'd you if you want some free/cheap help/advice.  Obviously I haven't used  client side AJAX &amp; JSON api's for DB access though:)              
@_date: 2013-01-24 19:01:47
@_date: 2013-01-20 07:34:37
Ok. Also, I just read the API docs, it is a key made just for his account bot. I guess this is fine. 
@_date: 2013-01-20 06:50:49
I like it. Would you mind updating us with it's performance after a day or two? Also, I don't know why PHP is any worse than python, on the surface.  I guess you just need to make sure you don't have your php configurations setup bad.  The docs have a lot of info on this:  
Instead of running a loop and waiting, what if you structured your function to be run from a crontab?  So, no loops or sleeps. This way might be nice because you can have a lot of flexibility with scheduling the bot on the fly.
The only thing I don't like is the password being written into the bot.  Maybe use sha256 function or something to send un/pw to you'r gox.class? ... Or maybe I'm reading this line wrong:
    $gox = new Gox('apikey', 'apisecret');
Just would be lame if your credentials were exposed when someone saw the file. 
@_date: 2013-01-09 04:36:32
EDIT:   This entire thread was deleted from the BTCFPGA forum earlier today. 
EDIT: This was a new comment not an edit, derp.
@_date: 2013-01-08 18:44:30
I requested a refund, wish me luck. 