@_author: nervousasfuckinghell
@_date: 2017-12-19 21:32:49
Well guys, it looks like those "unconfirmed parent" transactions now have 3 confirmations so it looks like I was freaking out for no reason BUT, THERE IS STILL A SERIOUS ISSUE WITH EXODUS! When I check on the blockchain it shows a balance of zero and although you don't need to know my exact balance it was 10's of thousands more than zero and even after constantly refreshing Exodus the balance never changed but on the blockchain it looks like I got hacked and all the coins were transfered out.
Even now, when I transfered half out into electrum, when I check it on the blockchain it shows the BTC was sent from an address I have never seen before. DEF NOT my exodus wallet(s) addresses
@_date: 2017-12-20 15:29:17
No. It makes zero sense that when I check my Exodus wallet on the blockchain that is shows a balance of zero, It shows as soon as I transferred in some coins they were transferred out to some random addresses (looks like they were ran through a tumbler so I was really freaking out) less than 20 minutes later. I made ZERO withdrawals and the balance in my Exodus wallet remained unchanged and there was no records of any of the transactions that the blockchain- which even Exodus said cannot ever be wrong, yet,
I took posters advice and moved my coins into electrum and they arrived safely after many hours.
FUCK EXODUS. Twice they have lost my money when using the built in shapeshift feature, yet, when I use the shapeshift website it works flawlessly.
You can also find many complaints similar to mine, people clicking the "rescan blockchain" button and having all their coins just vanish. This also happened to me but luckily it was "only" $500 worth of bitcoin (but one day that could be worth 5k is the way I look at it so still a huge piss off!)
I've been using Electrum since 2013 and IMO its tried and proven. Only reason I switched to Exodus was that I loved how it could store so many altcoins all in one and I had read nothing but great things about it until I dug deeper and saw tons of complaints. 
Exodus does not let you customize the transaction fees either and they charge a SHITLOAD. Cost me 30 bucks to send 150 the other day. fuck that..
Again, I warn all Exodus users to be very cautious and I recommend you take my advice and shell out the few hundred for a cold storage external wallet like the Trezor. They are on Amazon.
@_date: 2017-12-19 19:06:49
positive. I checked both. The one has zero transactions and the one I have been using has all these transactions I never made. I used the shapeshift feature built into exodus and its showing that I sent the shapeshift amount plus the rest of my BTC, yet, the coins are still in my exodus wallet but I cannot understand why the blockchain balance is zero other than a measly unconfirmed transaction :(
@_date: 2017-12-19 21:10:00
umm...A small ass transfer showed. All the rest say "unconfirmed parent" which means the original funds were sent from a wallet where the funds had not yet confirmed. My funds confirmed weeks ago. THIS IS A HUGE 10'S OF THOUSANDS PROBLEM!
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:01:07
BUT, when I put my receiving address into the blockchain, or when I click "view on blockchain" right from the Exodus wallet, it showed a zero balance. I don't understand how that could be so...
I lost a bunch of money in fees transferring the coins out in small incriments to electrum as I didn't want to risk trying to just import the Exodus seed into Electrum, I wanted to see if the small transfers would actually show up as confirmed in the electrum wallet. After 3 or 4 did, I transferred the rest out.
Exodus does not even ask for my password when sending coins like Electrum does if you set it to do so and anyone with more than a few grand should defiently have the wallet set up so a password must be entered upon opening the wallet and again when sending coins out of the wallet.
I feel much safer holding my BTC in electrum. I am still using Exodus to hold my alts until my trezor comes in the mail and even then I will use it for whatever coins the trezor cannot store but I have heard way too many horror stories to risk keeping even 1btc on Exodus. 
People think a pretty, user friendly interface means it must be super secure. Exodus has been around, what, maybe 2 years? VS. Electrum's 7 year ride with nothing but positive things said about it by the bitcoin community.
@_date: 2017-12-20 03:52:08
Only needed to cash out 5% to pay bills. Already kicking myself cause I sold during the dip and its already worth 2k more lol but it was a small amount so whatever. Not making that mistake again though. Already was crushed that I sold all my coins last year for peanuts compared to what they are worth now so these couple coins I found are a true blessing I didn't even remember I had. Way  I see it I don't have anything to loose now that my debt and original investment is paid!
HODLING the rest until at least 100k/BTC :) hopefully it hits half a million so I can actually be a bitcoin millionaire off an 800usd investment haha. 
Can't believe the $800 bucks of BTC I forgot about in 2016 grew into 10's of thousands man...fucking insane and truly lovely;
thanks for the kind words btw!
@_date: 2017-12-19 21:02:25
I've been involved in bitcoin since 2011 my friend i know "how to bitcoin"
@_date: 2017-12-19 19:32:19
Now I just tried transferring small amount of coins out of Exodus to an electrum wallet. It showed up as unconfirmed in the electrum wallet right away and when I check the transaction on the blockchain, it shows the money arriving in my electrum wallet is coming from some random wallet that is NOT mine, and it also shows I sent the remaining coins to some other wallet!
I am going to pray this is some Exodus glitch or something and the coins show in my Electrum wallet... I found an old wallet the other day and was SO SO happy as its enough money to pay off my debt (plus I am planning on hodling to hopefully make some change as well) if I got all excited for nothing and got fucked somehow, I will be so fucking gutted...
I already was so depressed as I sold my last 100btc for a measly 30k in 2016...finding this small amount of bitcoin made me feel much better and I just pray I don't get fucked.
there is something very strange going on with Exodus, at least for me :(
UPDATE: THE SMALL AMOUNT SHOWED IN MY ELECTRUM WALLET AND CONFIRMED. GONNA MOVE AT LEAST HALF MY COINS OUT OF EXODUS.
I realize it is probably best to not keep all your coins in one place unless its a very small amount obviously. Anyone with more than 1btc might want to spread it around, KEEP YOUR WALLET SEED SAFE AND DO NOT STORE ELECTRONICALLY.
Money disappering from wallets is probably one of the number one reasons old school finance guys talk so much shit about it. Its not like we can call up the bank and ask what the fuck happened to our money and get a refund. With crypto, YOU ARE YOUR OWN BANK, SO BE AS SECURE AS POSSIBLE!
I am going to invest in a Trezor and also I am no longer recommending shapeshift. Although every issue I have had with them has been resolved, every time I try and exchange REP it has taken over a week of sending emails to support to get them to show in my wallet and I have had it happen with other coins and heard similar horror stories. From now on if I wanna trade from one coin to another I will use Binance or another exchange with low fees that makes it easy to do.
@_date: 2017-12-19 22:10:20
thanks man its just even Exodus says "if your wallet balance appears to be incorrect, please check it on the blockchain. The blockchain cannot lie no matter what. If there is a discrepancy, please click re-scan blockchain"
On the blockchain it showed my wallet as being empty, the coins sent out in multiple transactions (so many it was probably a coin tumbler I thought) and although the Exodus wallet was showing much more than zero, I thought the blockchain couldn't be wrong and flipped the fuck out.
It took a long ass time for the coins I sent out to actually confirm and for awhile it looked like it would never confirm so hopefully my anxiety is understandable....I mean, I was already so depressed as I sold my last 100btc in 2016 for a measly fucking 30k... I stumbled across an old wallet and although its not even 5% of 100BTC it is A LOT of money to me right now and I was SO happy to find it only to think after 8 years of never getting hacked using bitcoin that I had been had the day after I found this old wallet and felt like I won the lottery lol.
@_date: 2017-12-19 21:45:41
Well guys, it looks like those "unconfirmed parent" BTC transactions I sent out of Exodus into Electrum now have more than 3 confirmations and are in the wallet so it looks like I was freaking out for no reason BUT, THERE IS STILL A SERIOUS ISSUE WITH EXODUS! When I check on the blockchain it shows a balance of zero and although you don't need to know my exact balance it was 10's of thousands more than zero and even after constantly refreshing Exodus the balance never changed but on the blockchain it looks like I got hacked and all the coins were transferred out. I literally was in tears when I saw the blockchain... I have been trading btc since 2011 and not once I have I ever had a wallet hacked and I used to use much more risky services like blockchain.info
Even now, when I transfered half out into electrum, when I check it on the blockchain it shows the BTC was sent from an address I have never seen before. DEF NOT my exodus wallet(s) addresses that it was actually sent from.
I am no longer going to be recommending Exodus and ShapeShift to my friends. Way too many issues. I just ordered a Trezor and recommend anyone that wants to feel very secure do the same. It holds many alt coins as well as bitcoins and its a cold storage wallet, not hooked up to the internet when not in use so I'd say near impossible to hack unless you do something stupid
@_date: 2017-12-20 16:17:02
you dont need a friggin expensive trezor bro...You just need your own desktop wallet where you control the private keys and seed. Keeping your coins on ANY exchanges wallet, no matter how reputable they are is straight up retarded. There have been SO many people that have gotten fucked because they are too stupid/lazy to do two seconds of research and see how many exchanges have just disapperead with everyone that was dumb enough to leave money in their wallets. 
If they would have spent 30 seconds downloading the Electrum desktop wallet, bought their coins and sent them right to their own desktop wallet where they have complete control, they would still have their bitcoins.
It doesn't matter than coinbase is "reputable" Mt.Gox was by far the most reputable exchange for many years. Responsible for over 80% of all bitcoin trades at one time. Type Mt. Gox into google if you don't know the story.
People thought they could trust the biggest most reputable exchange and one day woke up to not being allowed to withdraw their coins, and a few days later the website was just gone and the owner claimed nearly all the coins were stolen in a hack. It was pure bullshit. He stole them himself. He "found" a very small portion of them and kept the rest, did time in prison for it when got proven guilty of it.
There have been several suicides as people lost millions (back when btc was worth around $400usd so imagine if they were planning on  hodling. Some people lost 10's of thousands of full bitcoins) overnight. 
There is a class action lawsuit against Mt.Gox right now thats been going on for years. If the piece of shit owner has to pay the victims anything, he only has to pay them the fiat value of the bitcoins at the time of the "hack" (measly $400usd/btc) even though the bitcoins he managed to "find/recover" are now worth billions of dollars. Even if he has to pay out every single victim he will still come out with more than a billion usd because of how much bitcoin spiked.
TLDR? DON'T KEEP YOUR COINS ON ANY EXCHANGES WALLET, EVER!. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 15:41:19
I just want to bump this thread to warn all Exodus users. Although I eventually safely transfered my coins into an electrum wallet, this if far from the first issue I have had with Exodus.
Twice now they have just lost my money when using the built in shapeshift exchange feature and it never showed, yet, when I use the shapeshift website it works flawlessly in under an hour every time.
I have read quite a few stories of people clicking the "rescan blockchain" button and having all or most of their coins just vanish. This also happened to me on a smaller scale. I clicked the button as I was waiting on a pending transaction that was already showing as having 3+ confirmations of the blockchain. When I clicked the re-scan button, the pending transaction was removed from my records as well as the coins and it completely fucked up my records saying every deposit was made "a few seconds ago" even when some were deposited weeks ago and it never repaired from that.
Its a piss off because I loved how on Exodus you could see how much the coins were worth when they first arrived in the wallet and how much they are worth now. The re-scan button completely destroyed these records for me.
I have been involved in bitcoin since 2011 (I am very fucking far from a btc millionaire. I did very well trading bitcoins but fucked up huge and lost the nice chunk I was planning on saving long term, was crushed about it for awhile this year watching the price rise and rise but hey, hindsight is a motha fuckin bitch) and using Electrum most of that time.
IMO electrum is tried and proven. I am also using their vertcoin wallet. I obviously am not affiliated with them in any way but I trust them over a newer glitchy ass wallet like Exodus any day!