@_author: neshalchanderman
@_date: 2014-01-17 20:09:41


played out in the past when the world was using gold and not paper?
I doubt that  much meaning can be given to these figures. We don't have the data, and these numbers would in any case need to be contextualised.


currency? 
It yields little change from the current position 
**The scare example**
e.g. User A earns 1B spends 1B --&gt; 0 increase in A's wealth 
now user B earns 1.1 B spends 1B. --&gt; 0.1 increase in B wealth.
In 25 years time at a 10% growth rate B has sufficient funds to retire while A slogs on.
So bitcoin = evil. Nah. The above naive analysis ignores the fact at most companies will provide higher returns than the steady state rate of decrease in bitcoin, and as people prefer higher returns (dependent on their risk tolerance)  most wealth will be held in stocks and not bitcoin, as it is today.  The impact on wealth distribution will be minimal. If wealth is being concentrated in the new system; it was being concentrated in the old system. 
Re: your banker Example. You are ignoring the creation of value by the loanee. I borrow 1B I create the ipod3000!. The ipod3000! is worth 2B. The total value of wealth in the world just increased. The value of bitcoin (Wealth / bitcoin)  just went up. The percentage share by the banker decreased.
@_date: 2014-02-12 06:55:40
@_date: 2014-01-19 09:49:38
here's an archived bit of the changelog 
@_date: 2013-12-29 16:21:33
I know you've been downvoted but let me still address your point as it goes to the heart of the duty of an academic and the subject lies more in the domain of academic freedom than free speech.
Dr Krugman is an authorative figure. We are also aware that when he speaks many people will, rightly or wrongly, use an appeal to authority heuristic to believe and mimic his views. He and academics in general are aware of these two points, and the resulting need for moderation in speech. Blatantly inserting from Wikipedia's article on [academic freedom](


States, for example, according to the widely recognized "1940 Statement on Academic Freedom
and Tenure", [1] teachers should be careful to avoid controversial matter that is unrelated to the subject. 
A case in point is 9/11 and vaccination conspiracy theories, where offhand remarks or support of these beliefs by a few engineers/scientists/academics has had a large impact.
So maybe academics should just keep to themselves? 
No. In fact despite this today we believe : 


unrestricted liberty to question and test received wisdom and to put
forward controversial and unpopular opinions, whether or not these
are deemed offensive
Which given the examples of anti-vaccers and truthists and less extreme examples where statements made by scientists have been spun to support every single political/special interest/corporate  cause under the sun, looks batshit insane. 
This belief rests on three points each of which has been heavily argued over and are well supported.
1. society benefits when ideas are freely expressed 
2. society benefits when ideas are rigorously and vigorously tested
3. the  best protection against harm caused by misinterpretation is not suppression of communication but clear and responsive communication with well supported arguments. Don't self-censor; communicate.
Ill add in some literature to back these points up a little later. Most articles revolve around more extreme cases (anthropic global warming, creationism) which don't really fit into the discussion of the necessary ambit of a newspaper column. 
@_date: 2013-12-29 14:40:33
This is what Krugman argues :
1. Don't rely on economists as an appeal to authority when it comes to normative statements.
2. Economists are allowed to make normative statements. its part of the discourse of the field. 
3. Here is my judgment on Bitcoin (refer back to other articles)
I admit this is not clear unless you've read a lot of his work and know about the surrounding  background in economics circles to the first 2 points.  On the one hand its really well done, and on the other boy was this provocative. 
@_date: 2013-12-29 16:16:26
Sorry, I was unclear. I agree with you - his *opinion* is that Bitcoin is bad.