@_author: netkn0t
@_date: 2016-04-29 01:01:38
Super cool, thanks.
@_date: 2016-04-29 01:07:11
Yes, maybe the use of the "SPV" terminology is incorrect, but the suggestion stands as valid and desirable. It's the same basic, generic process for all these products. Wallet contacts "Server" to get wallet information.
If you use a ledger wallet device, it connects via an API hosted by Ledger which checks your balance and checks for new transactions and confirmations. 
If you use Copay, it connects to the Copay wallet API service. I think part of their service is streamlining multi-sig wallet creation and transaction approval. 
We **need** multi-sig signing to be as simple as Copay's implementation across different wallets, including Ledger, Copay, breadwallet, Electrum, Bitcoin-QT (core), etc. 
@_date: 2016-04-29 01:08:18
Try more wallets like the ones I listed. Copay, Ledger, etc. They use specific API's, and don't connect directly to full nodes. They have more functionality than the raw bitcoin P2P protocol supports.
@_date: 2016-02-18 09:36:05
use version 0.12.0. rc5 (or the released version when it comes out) It's much faster to sync
@_date: 2016-05-03 15:18:23
I'm happy for the option to recreate wallets from seeds, but that isn't the point I'm addressing. 
I'm testing a ledger hardware wallet. It uses a custom API. 
I use Copay. It uses a custom API. 
I'm happy that these things use custom API's because they make my life easier, especially the multi-sig functions in Copay. Its a snap to set up a multi-sig wallet on multiple devices, and to sign a multi-sig transaction on different devices. Trezor just announced they would use the Copay API band wallet services server. 
I'm pleading with everyone else to pull together and standardize, so I can do a multi-sig transaction with ledger, trezor, and copay wallets as signers.
Also, I can increase privacy by pointing my wallets to my own node, which runs a "future-standard" API. 
If you run a multi-sig wallet for your own security setup, it doesn't make much sense to have 3 or 5 devices that all keep a copy of the blockchain. 
I think in the future, this model makes the most sense. Have one (or two for redundancy) nodes with the full blockchain per organization, family, house, apartment complex, company, and everyone points their lightweight wallets to that node. 
I'm admin enough to run a email server for my family, so a full node that serves my family's wallets is a natural next step. I'm just waiting for the ecosystem to sort of catch up. Copay seem the most savvy so far.