@_author: netlon_sentinel
@_date: 2012-09-04 04:20:33
OK, so you think that when Matthew W. Wright bet 10,000 BTC that pirate won't default (it happened after pirate announced that he's closing) he was expecting direct financial return?
Yeah, right.
It was a PR stunt.
It bothers me because this amount of money could implement a 'killer app' or two. I mean ones which are not related to ponzies.


I think GLBSE already works like that, but I was talking about infrastructural projects, not for-profit projects. I.e. like Bitcoin itself.
Satoshi does not earn anything from Bitcoin implementation he made, and implementors of fully decentralized exchange won't (directly) earn from it either.
@_date: 2012-09-04 05:29:13
Amount of stuff which you can do in your spare time and stuff you can do working full time (especially in 'startup mode') is drastically different.
There is a reason why we are talking about contracts for years, but nobody have implemented a full solution even for a basic escrow so far.
I, too, work on apps and shit in my spare time. Actually I've just implemented a proof-of-concept for idea people were discussing for months (I'm talking about infrastructural stuff, not for-profit here). But it saddens me that progress could be much faster if only a tiny fraction of 'investments' was diverted towards strategic development.
@_date: 2012-09-04 16:35:14
If you have no confidence in programmer then you can make it a bounty, i.e. it is paid if project is successful according to some metric. Then a burden of risk is on a programmer, but nobody knows it better than him anyway, so this is fair
@_date: 2012-09-04 06:28:59
I never said that everybody should stop what they are doing and contribute everything they have towards some cool projects. I'm just upset that not even a small fraction goes towards them.
For example, 'ultimate blockchain compression' seems to be incredibly important, and let's see how much funding it gets: 
I have trouble collecting this thread, but it seems to be way below 100 BTC. ripper234's donation wallet has only 5.3 BTC in it.
Now how does it compare to vanity bets?
@_date: 2012-09-06 05:59:36
Suppose it is about publicity. Won't financing of important strategic projects make a better publicity? That's my point.
@_date: 2012-09-04 06:44:17


Not really, I was tracking forum drama. I do not really care about transactions which are not associated with drama, those might be actually worthwhile.


As I understand Matthew W. Wright is going to pay 10k BTC to people who understand what Ponzi is. Maybe he is doing this to educate people or something, but I would argue that distributing this money as bounties would do a bit better.
@_date: 2012-09-04 16:38:03
I'll remind you it happened AFTER pirate announced that he's closing and accepts no extra deposits.
@_date: 2012-09-04 06:57:18
I have an open bottle of whisky, but I haven't touched it for a least a half of year, I think.
Even whisky does not cheer me up anymore :-(
@_date: 2012-09-04 05:34:38
Well, Satoshi certainly had a chance to profit from being earliest adopter, but how does it help people who aren't working on currencies?
Actually I think it might be a reason why we see considerable activity in alt-chains community, which could honestly do more if it was applied elsewhere.
Say, PPCoin, it is much worse in terms of security than Bitcoin and its development does not help Bitcoin at all, but a person spent half of year to implement because he saw it as an opportunity to get rich. (I talked to primary developer and he is not interested in research per se, he does not even want to discuss security of protocol he devised.)
@_date: 2012-09-04 13:53:38
I understand where you're coming from, but you do not seem to understand what I'm saying, and I think you're overthinking this.
I'm just saying that if a small fraction of energy which is spent on Bitcoin-related drama would be spent on technical development it would be much better for the community.
Let's consider a practical example. Suppose there is a programmer who is already very motivated to do a Bitcoin-related project. Perhaps he already started doing it on weekends.
But he cannot afford to dedicate an appreciable amount of time for it as he needs to earn money elsewhere. It's one thing to be motivated on the level "I would love to hack on this project for a couple of months", and it is another level "I'm ready to abandon my family and live in poverty to accomplish my goals".
So questions of motivation are totally irrelevant here. We are not going to motivate person with money, we just want to compensate him for time he spends, cover opportunity costs. Even if compensation is structured as a bounty, this programmer won't get rich off it, we are just going to remove negative aspects of hacking Bitcoin-related projects. (This programmer might still by motivated by getting famous, getting a better job etc.)
Who is going to provide money? Good question. Suppose there is a rich guy (or a group of guys) with like 100k BTC. They might want to spend 1k BTC, 1% of what they have, on infrastructural project. Why? Many possibilities:
 * vanity thing. A chance to get famous by financing an important project.
 * profit: if it becomes a killer app and causes higher economic activity in Bitcoin world, exchange rate will go up. If it goes up only 1% we already have a break-even.
 * it is exciting!
What do we get in result if programmer succeeds with his project:
 * programmer goes back to his day job. He isn't rich, but maybe famous, and maybe he finds a better job.
 * rich investor guys might get richer due to killer app effect. Or maybe not, there is always a risk.
 * Bitcoin economy is now more awesome
 * world is a better place, who knows?
So pretty much all Žižek's criticism of charity is not applicable here. We do not want to help a programmer, we do no want to change the world.
We just want to build an awesome thing. So it is closer to investment than to charity, even if it structured as charity.
Maybe it helps this programmer, maybe it helps other programmers. Who knows. It wasn't our goal anyway.
So I see absolutely nothing morally wrong with it.
Let's go back to rich investor guys. The problem I see is that now their attention goes mostly towards various HYIPs and shit, that entertains them and stimulates their vanity feeling.
Wouldn't it be better if we drive their attention towards tech stuff?
This is what I'm trying to do here, actually.
Got it?
@_date: 2012-09-04 20:40:10
Well, 'distributed exchange' might mean different things. 
One thing is derivative market which would allow people to do bets on price moves. So instead of daytrading on mtgox they would do this, getting much lower fees and much nicer features. (E.g. leverage, shorting possibility.) Potentially, of course.
Another thing is Ripple. Technically it might allow people to buy coins from friends, but that's not the only way to use it. We can also use Ripple to pass USD around (this is the challenging part of p2p exchange) to trade with people all around the world. So eventually you might get nice exchange rate and low fees. Also you can be sure that you won't get screwed by mtgox, that's also a feature.
Finally another thing is a fully decentralized form of GLBSE (stock/bond/whatever market). The advantages of using it is that you don't need to pay Nefario and you do not depend on security of some web site. Also, better anonymity.
@_date: 2012-09-04 05:51:18
Yes, it's cool. Now imagine lots of people doing projects of namecoin scale.
Some developers can afford to invest their time into strategic development. (E.g. rich ones, ones who work for universities, etc.) Others don't.
@_date: 2012-09-04 08:31:28
Oh, I've got an idea how to bring money into project development: we need a prediction market which would allow people to bet on success or failure of specific projects. Then developers, knowing current development status, will be able to profit from it by making insider bets. /s
@_date: 2012-09-04 07:25:14
1. Nefario says that he wants only established companies on GLBSE. I'm not sure it's already the case. In a real world IPO is largely just a way for early investors to get their cash, so it is understandable.
2. Who is going to fund infrastructural projects like Bitcoin client software?
3. Programmers are usually not business people who can write smooth prospectuses and do businessy stuff. There is some overlap, but it's not huge.
4. Actually I'm considering making a GLBSE asset which would fund whatever the fuck I want to implement rather than a specific thing, but I seriously doubt I'll get any money at all.
@_date: 2012-09-04 04:27:43
Um, can you explain what you mean, you like none of projects which were proposed by developers?
What's about things I mentioned above? Distributed exchanges, contracts... These are not good ideas?
@_date: 2012-09-04 16:47:03
Oh, sure. Because one only needs money and time, no skill is necessary.
Have you ever heard about separation of labor concept? Different people have different skills. Also they might have access to different resources. When people with right skills and right resources meet nice things can happen.
@_date: 2012-09-04 06:53:45
Good question. I guess largely because it would look like I'm butthurt and am soliciting donations towards my pet projects.
@_date: 2012-09-05 10:29:12


Well, it is simply impossible to predict how a completely new, ambitious project would evolve. It can die in childhood or it can evolve into something completely different. The only way to know is to try.
That's how it worked for Bitcoin, nobody knew how it would pan out.


Through use of Bitcoin contracts and specifically escrow. Obviously, it cannot work between two parties alone (unless derivative is somehow tied to blockchain properties), there needs to be a 3rd party arbitrator.
Basically, parties lock their funds in escrow and later arbitrator reveals some information which unlocks payment to one of parties. This can be done either through multisig or through a hash-based lock.
So maybe it's not fully decentralized, it's more like a spectrum. It is significantly different from traditional exchanges because: 1) exchange operator cannot run away with money; 2) exchange operator does not even know about contracts which are made, it just announces information; 3) arbitrators require very little resources to run, so we can expect that there will be large quantity of them and parties are free to pick any which they both trust. So there is no single 'center'.
(Mtgox and formely Bitcoinica are large and dominating because running/developing an exchange of this sort is hard and it costs a lot.)


Through Ripple.
You are right, protocol will only register circulation of USD IOUs.
But there is an important property: these IOUs move only among parties which trust each other. It isn't like you need to trust a random person on the internet, and it isn't like you need to trust a single company which would offer to buy IOUs (or its private currency) back.
Trust does not need to be unconditional. One may create a contract with a counterparty and require some collateral before any debt between them is registered in system.
So if somebody isn't able to withdraw USD there will be consequences: e.g. collateral will change hands.
This isn't bulletproof, of course, but it is vastly superior to centralized exchanges as it requires only a limited trust and running away with money is much harder or even impossible. (I believe that such system is strictly more secure than any centralized system: it can do all what centralized system can do, but also provides additional flexibility and protection.)
Note that collateral required to facilitate the trade can be much smaller than volume of trade: on a healthy market things go in both directions and cancel each other. Collateral just needs to cover fluctuations and temporary imbalances.
I can provide a detailed example if you want.
Note that it is not decentralized in same sense as BitTorrent is, it doesn't exist solely on internet. It is just a system which allows multiple operators to inter-operate, so it doesn't depend on any single 'central' operator.


This is much simpler, actually. GLBSE assets are just contracts which are published on GLBSE web site. GLBSE records asset ownership (e.g. user XXX has YYY of asset ZZZ), provides facilities for trading and also does some basic verification so there are no bullshit assets.
Asset ownership can be easily recorded in a blockchain, trading can be done through p2p mechanisms which are not exactly rocket science. 
The only thing which is left is verification, and we certainly do not need one large operator to do it. It can be done in variety of ways: some people might just trust messages posted on forum. Others might trust OTC ratings.
Also nothing really prevents a company from registering a LLC and make a legal public contract which would acknowledge ownership which is recorded in a blockchain.
Or it could be done through a 'rating agency' kind of company, essentially a GLBSE-like entity which would only do verification but won't record ownership.
As for recording ownership in blockchain, it is certainly doable and is even quite easy. So this form of decentralized exchange is simplest to implement, I believe.


Good point. Well, I wasn't complaining about this specific projects, but in general.
For example, we know how to implement Bitcoin contracts for quite a while. But still nobody haven't implemented them in practice, as far as I know.
Ripple is also well-understood and not that hard to implement.
@_date: 2012-09-04 05:50:16
Bets themselves do not bother me. The fact that bets completely overshadow spending on strategic development bothers me. It is about priorities.
@_date: 2012-09-05 07:52:58


Oh, this is nice analogy, actually.
Do you know how gardeners remove unproductive branches from trees to get better fruits? This is what I'm trying to do here: divert juice from unproductive branches towards ones which produce fruits. Also, removing weed to let crops live would be nice :)
Of course I realize that my efforts are tiny and laughable, but if I divert a tiny portion of juice it would already be worthwhile.


OK, here's how it looks for me:
I started following Bitcoin developments closely around spring 2011. There was a lot of new developments, exchange rate was skyrocketing, etc.
I was seriously afraid that people will make all cool things before I have a chance to join.
My pet project was a derivative market. I managed to get a prototype working (in summer of 2011), some people even tried using it. But I wanted to use secure escrow as exchange hacks were numerous and I wanted to make a secure exchange.
People were already talking about multisig escrows, contracts and so on, so I thought I just need to wait a couple of months till these things appear in mainline client. You know, they were considered trivial around that time, so developers just needed a bit of time to actually do that.
So I waited. There were numerous other derivative trading projects. Many of them died being victims of hacks. Bitcoinica. kronos.io.
So we at summer 2012, and we still don't even have a usable multisig escrow. Again, I cannot implement my secure exchange.
In the next version of client (0.7) they'll enable interface which would allow 3rd party apps to inject custom transactions, including, maybe, multisig escrow. So we are closer to it than ever, but still there is no UI in mainline client.
Think about it, it takes years to implement a feature which is technically already a solved thing, a triviality.
At the same time people lose tons of $$$ on insecure exchanges and betting sites. A tiny fraction of losses could easily finance development of features which would prevent future losses of this kind, but no!
So my opinion is that Bitcoin development is significantly bottlenecked on development effort. And development effort is something like a product of passionate people with relevant skills and resources they have. I.e., mathematically,
    effort = man * hours = man * (money/money-per-hour)
    where
    man = sum of skill * motivation for each person involved
Sure, we need passionate people, but we also need financing to let them work. The nature of this function, mathematically, is that maximum is achieved where  human resources and financial resources are combined in appropriate proportion. If you have too few people or you have too few money, it isn't going to work optimally.
And lack of development progress prolongs suffering due to a lack of security.
@_date: 2012-09-07 12:59:24
Oh thanks, I was really expecting more optimism in this thread!
@_date: 2012-09-04 20:29:37


Sorry, but this is obviously not true and it does not make any sense.
@_date: 2012-09-04 05:42:45
I'm regularly monitoring that section of forum and I've made a couple of posts there. Sure, some projects get crowdfunded, but that amount of funding is minuscule compared to money circulating in ponies, mining and even bets.
Have you ever seen 5000 BTC worth given in bounties? I don't remember anything like that recently. (Well, except ~3500 BTC bounty for forum software, but it's a bit different.)
Let's take, for example, ultimate blockchain compression. This is both incredibly important and incredibly hard and complex project. How much funding does it get? 
 What I see here is something on scale of 5.375 BTC.
@_date: 2012-09-04 09:54:31
Let's start over, do you see a flaw in this reasoning?
@_date: 2012-09-04 06:52:16
Cash isn't a community, is it?
If we compare Bitcoin community to a larger society, I'm afraid much larger portion of resources goes towards fundamental research and development in a larger society.
Country I'm living in has free higher education and scientist get government funding for research they do.
I.e. I can easily get funding if I want to do math research, but getting funding for Bitcoin research is much more complex, isn't it?
@_date: 2012-09-04 06:17:35
Basically I'm working on things I've mentioned in my post, or towards them, at least. But it goes very slowly as I have to spend majority of my time on a day job and I cannot afford things which could spend up development, e.g. powerful servers.
In past few days I've implemented a colored bitcoin proof-of-concept. It can potentially enabled decentralized exchanges (e.g. decentralized GLBSE analog), private currencies on top of bitcoin and stuff like that. So it might be a step towards distributed exchanges (this + very basic contract is almost an exchange, but for an issued assets).
@_date: 2013-10-16 23:46:16
Well, looking at the code, it looks like button doesn't work because WIX wrapped it into an iframe. Basically, it is isolated from the rest of the page. I've never used WIX so I have no idea if it is possible to fix it.
If you want some quick solution, there are several services which let you to sell files for Bitcoins, particularly:
 * 
 * 
 * 
(I never used them and so I have no idea whether they are trustworthy. Also, I don't know whether AUP allows porn.)
So you can upload your video to a site like that, and put a link on your site. A dumb link will work.
In the long run you'll probably want custom HTML and scripts for your site. Those are easy to make so don't overpay for them.
Also, your porn is awesome.
@_date: 2013-05-04 00:06:50
I, too, decided to support Bitcoin-accepting porn sites.
My experience was pretty much the same. Except that I forgot disposable email address I used for signup, so I could enjoy paid porn only for one day :)
But it was nice,
I believe they can improve it if they offer content a la carte. It is a bit too much to pay $15 for a month on just one site.
@_date: 2013-10-17 00:02:04
Sure. Sadly, I don't have time to make you a website myself, but I'll be glad to help you with advice.
@_date: 2013-08-09 20:58:51
There is no provable key to destroy the private key, of course. 
But I assume that person which creates these equal-share wallets is willing to do this to make sure that they stay valid even if his computer is compromised later.
Basically, he will willingly keep only "to be unlocked in 2021" transactions/keys, not the original private key.
@_date: 2013-08-09 20:12:50
Yes, this is exactly what I was thinking about.
Except that instead of saving private key it is possible to make another set of nLockTime'd transactions which lock a year later for example.
The difference is that even if original owner got his key stolen, equal-share beneficiaries still have a chance.
Also it is possible to destroy a part of private key which goes into a paper wallet. People who get them will have to do a bit of "mining" to get money. This slightly discourages thieves.
@_date: 2013-08-09 18:55:16


Yep, I agree that "fair share" isn't correct at all, but it sounds cool...


That would serve a bit different purpose then, but still pretty cool concept.
@_date: 2013-07-10 13:57:09
1. It likely depends on where you live, I found no Bitcoin-accepting merchants around me. I bought some things online, though...
2. Just the fact that one can buy things with Bitcoin doesn't motivate people to actually start using it, does it?