@_author: netzvolk
@_date: 2017-05-24 14:18:25
Just curious. 
What exchange does the OP recommend? Coinbase? A lot of people do not trust US exchanges for tons of reasons. IRS and government requests for their data. This is particularly true for European/Asian people. So what exchange is the OP suggesting that is not US based?
The US is also very behind regarding cryptocurrency services vs the rest of the world. Just look as an example how the banking system in the US works. As someone that has US bank accounts and in other parts of the worlds, I can tell you that US banks are in the stone age. Most don't have second-factor authentication today in 2017. Most don't even allow wire transfers outside the US unless you go to the bank and local transfers inside the US take 2-3 days. And most don't have anything regarding online banking features besides letting you check your funds and a simple password and security question. And I'm talking here about major US banks.
Now, let's see Europe. What a different story.... Not only do they have every possible security feature and integration with phone, paying bills, wire to everywhere with exchange currencies but the systems are impressive (not to mention free wires inside Europe while the US charges you even inside the US).
EU banks, to make a transfer, I have to take a hardware device, put in my debit card inside and then scan a code on the screen. Only then I get my TAN code + password and even have to confirm with a phone everything.
Credit cards. Same story. The US does not even have the smart chip while Europe has it for 10 years. And the US financial system is very overstepping into anything that ventures into financial services. Just look the horrible stories about people with PayPal and other companies asking them all types of information from original copies of passports (yes, the IRS in some cases does not even accept copies...) and other stuff.
Long story short. The rest of the world does not trust the US financial system, and neither after Wall Street ripped billions from foreign banks and then the US government decided to bail them out with huge a bonus as a reward for the biggest ponzi scheme in the history of this planet.
I have to sadly confirm personally that US market exchanges for cryptocurrencies do not have the trust or confidence from people outside the US after talking with more than one person. I would dare to say that not even US citizens trust them based on how the IRS is requesting every single account from Coinbase today.
So again. I ask the OP, what market exchange would you recommend today?