@_author: neurotrash
@_date: 2014-01-11 02:24:12
Coinbase is just using common business practices. Anyone that competes using less security won't be as successful due to fraud. It's called know your customer and is common in banking to reduce risk. Why am I going to front you $1000 when I don't know you? He even said you can contact them and work something out. Coinbase is doing it right.
@_date: 2014-02-02 14:51:41
The financial institution I work at allows for business owners to place "roles" on business accounts. You can allow an employee access to deposit only, deposit and make inquiries, etc. without giving them full access to accounts.
@_date: 2014-01-15 11:03:46
LOL. I'd do business with them. "OMG, they were looking out for your girlfriends best interests?  Those bastards!" Seriously,  take away your knowledge of bitcoin and the bank took the best course of action.  I know Coinbase,  and this guy was still making my spider sense go off. Combativeness will get you nowhere with a bank (unless you're rich, the world sucks like that). I was explaining bitcoin to my coworkers (at a CU) today, and they thought I was getting scammed.  I had a guy come in just the other day with his girlfriend, with this same type of thing, but the money was for "work he did." They got no money that day and that money has since been drawn back out of the account. 
@_date: 2014-01-30 16:14:07
You can't overdose on THC except in the highly concentrated pill form developed by the pharmaceutical industry. Where does bitcoin even get mentioned? Fear monger much?
@_date: 2014-01-14 05:05:58
Banker here. Yep.
@_date: 2014-01-14 14:00:58
 Local banker (credit union), not fat cat.
@_date: 2014-06-03 03:40:06
Issuers make a shit ton of money on credit and debit cards. Source: I work at a credit union.
@_date: 2014-01-30 18:11:13


Is there an article stating that or are you making assumptions? If we are making assumptions, I'm going to say the bakery accidentally shipped the edibles to the same address as the last order they sent out. The article stated the goodies came from California. The bakery may make regular treats and edibles. Depending on how they process orders, they may have just accidentally used the address from the previous shipment on the edibles. Big mistake, as the business may get in trouble for interstate drug trafficking, but unless there is some direct criminal link between this story and btc that I'm missing, I think you are way off mark.
@_date: 2014-03-04 18:42:45
It is if you go by position of the sun instead of made up time zones. Sorry, had to say it.
@_date: 2014-01-07 01:52:04
I wish more people understood this. I work in banking and I tell people to watch what they say to me if the conversation takes an inappropriate turn. I'll totally report on you if you're taking a dead persons social security, but I've seen people harassed because of badly delivered jokes. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 05:28:54
The situation sucks. I understand.  Yelling and being angry never helps anything. Number 1, go in person. Phone fraud is easier, so those people have stricter security standards to adhere to vs. someone at a branch. It is your girlfriends account.  If you had to speak for her, red flags are shooting up everywhere and you aren't getting anywhere. She should be able to explain what is going on with her account without your aide. 2,  she should have asked them to search it on google. Wallstreet bankers aren't omniscient,  your local CU employee is even less so. None of my co-workers know shit about bitcoin (I'm working on it). We have to operate on "best practices" when there are unknowns involved. I've had people threaten to sue me because I would not cash their check from winning the "Spanish National Lottery."  Fraud is a huge problem, and more often than not, the people are getting defrauded, not bank. We're trying to save you from owing us when that money gets pulled back out of your account. If 10 people have to have their funds held while 1 person is saved $5,000, that is a sucess. Coinbase waits 4+ business days to give you your coin.  That's because ACH deposits/withdrawals are reversable (rare, but possible and we're talking about an "unknown" merchant. Did I mention google?). 7-10 business days is industry standard for holds. Up from 2-5 days from before the economy turned to shit. 3, develop a relationship with your CU. The more services you use with them, the more they can trust you, seeing as how your interests are intertwined. Loans, credit cards, direct deposits,  safe deposit boxes, etc... Sometimes nothing will help, they are looking out for your best interests,  and yes, theirs. But at the end of the day, they have insurance and tax writeoffs. You are sitting at -$5,000.00. Oh, and that direct deposit you have coming in that's is supposed to pay your rent? Hope you do have a relationship built up, or you won't be seeing any of that money. Sometimes you get the old lady that's been on the job for years and knows everything,  but really, doesn't know shit. I hate those people. The ones that know everything and don't want to hear anything that contradicts their narrow little worldview. Especially the ones that totally think their open minded but everyone else is just sheeple and if everyone just knew everything they know, the world would be such a better place. Suck it up and realize the world is not against you bro. I for one, hope I helped a little.
@_date: 2014-01-11 02:18:56
That's the business. If I write you a check, you won't actually get my money for almost a week if you deposit it into your bank (unless we use the same bank). The bank fronts you money too. Coinbase buys the coin when you do, they make their money on the 1% fee. They don't wait 4 days to get your money and then buy the coin. I'm sure you understand that. I think they're a great company,  I just don't think they deserve credit for utilizing a common business practice. Bitcoin may be new, but coinbase is operating on a well established business model. Source: I'm a banker (local, not evil investment type).