@_author: never-odd-or-even
@_date: 2013-02-26 09:39:22
Look at the first block on the blockchain. It's called the ["genesis block"]( [Now look at the first transaction on the Bitcoin network.](
50 coins came into existence because a block was 'discovered'. In the first blocks of Bitcoin, it was easy to discover a block because there were hardly any transactions happening and there was no competition from other miners for discovering blocks. 
For a minute, let's call blocks 'pages' and let's say the blockchain is actually a ledger book keeping track of transactions. This is a triple entry accounting system, so that means that every transaction has to have a record of the spending address, a record of the receiving address and a receipt, which is a record of the transaction. 
The miners are accountants working on this ledger book. They're all competing to be the next one to write a page to the ledger and get the block reward, which stands at 25 coins per block at the moment. 
To write a page to the ledger (or discover a block, whatever you prefer), the accountant (mining pools are the accountants) has to perform trillions of calculations a second on a random number of transactions, tie them all together cryptographically with a number of different hashing algorithms and then they have to calculate another series of hashes on the page in order to bind it forever to the blockchain. This is what confirmations are in the blockchain: other miners continue to verify the transactions in blocks that are hundreds of blocks into the blockchain as well verifying new transactions coming in.
But before pages can be written or blocks discovered, one last thing has to happen: the target number has to be found. The target number is a 256 bit number (gigantic) that all the clients on the Bitcoin network know.  This number changes from time to time along with the difficulty. 
For the page to  finally be accepted into the ledger, the accountants have to try another trillions of almost random calculations on the index and table of contents of their page (In Bitcoin reality, this index and ToC is called the block header) in order to generate a hash lower than or equal to the target number. When this number is found, then the block is announced. If all of the Bitcoin clients on the network agree with all of the math that the miner performed (this is known as proof of work), then the miner claims his block reward of 25 bitcoins and writes the first transaction of the new block as 25 bitcoins in order to claim them.
Then it all starts again. Miners being the first in line with the correct answer after uncountable hashings and bouts with randomness are what determine the creation of bitcoins. Imagine having to all that crap by hand.
The above is probably an oversimplification and I may have bungled one or two details. I hope it's helpful. The more people that learn how Bitcoin works, the more people that know how Bitcoin works.