@_author: neverneversleeps
@_date: 2014-09-01 16:37:28
Eh? I don't hate you. Also, governments do shady shit all the time, I just don't think the government really cares about this sub. If they wanted to shut down Bitcoin definitively, they'd tell the FBI to go nuts on you guys. If they declared Bitcoin a state threat, I promise you that reddit posts would be so far removed from your problems you might not remember this sub at all. I enjoy nice economic discussion. If you want to discuss cryptocurrency, I'd talk with you, but I mean, I'll disagree with nearly everything you say because I happen to think the current cryptocurrencies aren't the solution to anybody's problems.
As for evidence for/against, even if the government is for some reason investing in shutting you down in such a weak, ineffectual manner, doesn't that basically mean you win? Just refute and continue operations.
@_date: 2014-09-01 14:11:45
Or for non-personal reasons, meaning they might just think it's a bad idea.
@_date: 2014-09-01 19:04:23
What? I'm a humanist, and I'm not part of red or blue pill. And no, I'm not on a humanist subreddit either. I stay away from religious subreddits as much as possible. I'm here because I'm curious about cryptocurrency technology, and what it might potentially turn into. I did say CURRENT crypto.
I'm really not the enemy of your bitcoin. I'm just a curious redditor. I'd appreciate if you didn't jump all over me like I'm trying to offend you, if I have offended you, elaborate how so we can discuss it. I'm sure it was accidental.
@_date: 2014-09-01 14:04:38
As somebody who doesn't think Bitcoin is the hot shit, but really doesn't care enough to frequent this sub, I can tell you that before I disagreed with you guys I researched it extensively. This might be hard for you to get, but lots of people will put time and energy into understanding an issue they're agreeing or disagreeing with. You're not under attack by the government, friend, you're merely experiencing a heated debate. 
I'm more disturbed that the idea of people researching what they're arguing for/against is so inconceivable to you.
@_date: 2014-09-01 19:11:43
That's fair. I personally thing the pro and anti crypto camps both have their shares of bugnuts crazy folks. Still, it's bad to assume the government or banks are acting against you when it could just be a bunch of weirdos. Banks and governments are massive systems, and I don't think the banks or the United States is going to spend it's man-hours and money that could be facilitating all of the paperwork or chasing actual criminals to mildly irritate until said subreddit does something overtly illegal.