@_author: never_noob
@_date: 2016-08-20 15:03:15
No?  Rights are rights.
@_date: 2016-08-20 17:42:08
Well, that's part of it, yes.  A more nuanced explanation is found here: 
Everything on this shirt is something that people want to ban/restrict/criminalize, even though none of those things inherently harm others.  Sure, guns *can* be used to harm others, but most guns are never used to do so, and the guns themselves are not inherently responsible for that. 
@_date: 2016-08-20 15:24:08
How does it not?  Firearms are used to protect your right to life. Firearm "crimes" (e.g. possessing an illegal weapon/magazine in some states) are no different than the "crime" of drug possession, or bitcoin posession, in places where that is illegal.  They are prohibitons against simply possessing an object. 
@_date: 2018-01-14 20:32:44
If you have an emotional response to price changes, you own too much. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 12:58:08
Yep, that's what I did!  Thanks. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 11:31:33
Well, that's good god damn news!
It's on a ledger.  When I'm opening my wallet, would I select "main" or "split"?
Edit: Also: I've already converted to segwit.  I can see the BCASH balance on the blockchain explorer, but it's not showing up on my ledger. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:27:13
Many, MANY commodities trade almost solely in the retail markets with ETFs based on futures: oil, natural gas, volatility, metals, currency baskets, etc.  Nothing wrong with it at all. 
@_date: 2017-12-16 23:28:00
SPY has quadrupled since the low in 09. [Link](
$10k would be over $40k with dividends.  CAGR is almost 20%/yr. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 12:02:46
Well, holy shit it worked.  I followed this procedure and it worked. 
Wow.  This is a very nice early Christmas present. 
@_date: 2015-05-10 17:00:15
That's not what that means.  "Men with guns" means the power to tax under threat of violence. 
@_date: 2015-05-10 18:11:19


"So you're saying if you don't specifically agree to be enslaved, then you should be able to opt out of slavery? Fine, that's cool. The problem is, a society long ago decided to opt into slavery and claimed this land as the home of their society (and protected by their government). You were born here, and it was implicitly assumed that you would be willing to follow the laws."
See how stupid of an argument that is?
"We've always done it this way and lots of people think it's right" is a valid argument for exactly zero things. You'll have to do better than that.  


First, I do pay my taxes, and tons of them.  Dear science, it's a lot of fucking taxes.  More than my food, my mortgage, and all of my house bills combined. So you can just go fuck right off with your freeloading and "tolerated by society" nonsense.  Second, in a government where people have a vote, "like it or leave it" isn't a valid response to anything. I quite clearly have the third option of helping people to understand that it's morally inappropriate for government to lay claim to our incomes, letting us keep the remains (as was customary under the feudal system).  Third, in a republic, the rights and liberties of the individual are supposed to protected against the tyranny of the majority.  That is, there are some core human rights that no majority should be allowed to trample.  If the right to keep your property and the product of your own labor is not included in those protected rights, the rest is somewhat meaningless. 
@_date: 2015-05-14 12:59:17
The self-employed would disagree with you. 
@_date: 2015-05-10 17:43:05
First, those aren't the same at all.  If I've committed an actual crime against someone, then I am the initiator of force and government violence is being done *in response*.  Taxation is itself the initiation of force by the government.  The two are nothing alike. 
However, that's not my point.  My point is that when Krugman said "men with guns", he wasn't referring to our Army, as the commenter above seemed to be implying ("armies could actually give value to money any number of economies and their currencies wouldn't have failed through history, including Rome").  Instead, he was referring to the governments ability to levy and collect taxes at gunpoint - ie: by men with guns.  
@_date: 2015-05-10 17:49:15
Your entire comment was discussing the army:  The army's defense of the country, the army's paychecks, and the army's value to their country. 
I'm just pointing out that has nothing to do with what Krugman is saying when he refers to "men with guns".  What you are saying may be *true*, it's just not relevant to this point, and I wanted to clear that up lest someone else be confused. The fact that taxes are collected by men with guns is an often denied - but is a very important fact when assessing the degree of violence in society.  That point needs to be stated and not confused by the idea that the army is somehow involved - it isn't. 
@_date: 2015-05-10 17:01:34
I'm astounded he actually admitted this!  Most statists (and especially liberals) will not admit AT ALL that taxation is a violent act and they certainly won't admit that the dollar is backed by the government's ability to tax (at gunpoint).  
I'm completely shocked.
@_date: 2015-05-10 18:14:13


I don't think I was confused at all.  You gave several examples about your point, all of which related directly to the army. 


Huh?  When has the army ever been the police?  Even in Rome - the example *you* gave - the armies weren't allowed in the city and thus could not have functioned as police.  
I'm really not sure where you're going with this. 
@_date: 2015-05-13 22:37:24
"They'll garnish your wages, put liens on your assets."
And if you try to defend your assets?  
At some point, violence enters the picture.  It's simply a fact of government.  
@_date: 2015-05-10 17:45:40
I'm not proposing anything.  I'm pointing out that most people do not acknowledge that taxation is a forcible act or that is, in fact, collected by "men with guns".  They like to pretend that taxes are somewhat voluntary and that no guns or violence are involved. 
That Krugman actually admitted this on TV is astounding to me.  That he went further and pointed out that the entire value of the dollar itself is based on the ability of these men with guns to extract money from people is fascinating.  Most people are in serious denial about these facts, so I'm impressed that he's owning up to them. 
@_date: 2015-05-12 20:13:35


Several people have argued this to me over the years.  It happens enough that I expect it, but it's still amazing every time.


You don't understand what "have to, in the context of government, means do you?


Cool, thanks for the tip.  Doesn't change that people here are in fact making me pay taxes.  Or should I move to one of the other 180 places that seize my income under threat of violence?
...I've heard 'em all.  
@_date: 2018-10-12 09:53:09
Yeah, also, the market is up 3% YTD, and 25% since the beginning of 2017.  Your actual return, if you were making monthly contributions (e.g. in a 401k) is much higher than that. 
BTC and ETH were ~5% of my portfolio last year and I just kept re-balancing to stocks and bonds every time that 5% became 10% (which happened several times).  ETH and BTC got beat to shit, but I still have the stocks and bonds, which have gone up since then... I believe in crypto and think the concept is fascinating, but pretending like crypto is a substitute for owning a piece of the entire global economy (via stocks and bonds) is insane. 
@_date: 2015-04-24 14:13:41
Phew. Ok.  
I once read a comment on reddit where someone referred to an IRA as a "tax loophole for the rich" and my head almost exploded.  Wanted to make sure it wasn't about to happen again. 
@_date: 2015-04-24 02:49:25
No. 
You don't pay a flat tax on every dollar, it's a flat tax after a certain amount of income.  This ensures that the poor don't get taxed.  
I'd love to hear how simply flattening the tax code would "cut federal revenue in half" when flat tax rates are typically chosen so as to be revenue neutral.  I'd also love to hear how it's "giving the wealthy a free pass" when it specifically corrects the whole thing people were complaining about during the last election cycle with Mitt Romney and Warren Buffet paying lower effective tax rates than their secretaries.  A flat tax literally ensures that everyone pays the same rate. 
@_date: 2015-04-17 17:06:37
It's not a copout - that's a legitimate belief to hold if you simultaneously believe that a) the constitution is the supreme law of the land that grants only enumerated powers the federal government and b) that life begins at conception.   
Other politicians (on both sides) want to pass federal laws that actively tell states *you are forbidden from allowing X*.  Rand Paul is saying "let the states decide".  
I agree very much that some things - particularly gay marriage, because it relates to federal status of marriage and therefore benefits/tax situation/etc) - should have the federal government shooting down state laws.  
Don't get me wrong - I disagree with Rand on these issues quite a bit.  I'm just saying that I see where he is coming from, and I can appreciate his stance as being far superior to most politicians these days and better than the current status quo.  
@_date: 2015-04-24 02:48:14
"Or Roth fund rollover from 401k."
Stop.   Are you suggesting that being able to rollover a 401k into a roth when you leave that company is *a tax evasion scheme*?   Please tell me you accidentally pasted this from a completely different thread. 
@_date: 2015-04-17 23:18:33
Where are you getting privacy from the 14th amendment?
"It's also worth noting that if you don't believe it works for abortion you have to be prepared to acknowledge that it doesn't establish a right to privacy for other things. "
I disagree with this entirely.  Abortion has nothing to do with privacy (to me).  It is entirely consistent to say that, thanks to the 14th amendment, the bill of rights must also be applied to state law (e.g. states can't search and seize any more than feds can) and still not think that has anything to do with abortion.  
@_date: 2015-04-17 18:31:27
You are misreading the constitution.  The constitution is a positive grant of authority from the states (and people in those states) to the federal government.  If a power is not explciitly granted to one of the branches of government by the constitution, then the government does not - constitutionally - have that power.  You can argue that it *should*, and men and women in robes can say that they *can* but that doesn't mean that it legally has that power under the constitution as written. 
Hamilton, in Federalist  explains this concept:
I go further, and affirm that bills of rights, in the sense and to the extent in which they are contended for, are not only unnecessary in the proposed Constitution, but would even be dangerous. They would contain various exceptions to powers not granted; and, on this very account, would afford a colorable pretext to claim more than were granted. For why declare that things shall not be done which there is no power to do? Why, for instance, should it be said that the liberty of the press shall not be restrained, when no power is given by which restrictions may be imposed? 
Freedom, when it comes to abortion, is tricky.  If you believe that an individual human life begins at conception, then it logically follows that the state has the right to protect that individual from harm from aggression the same way it would protect a grown human from robbery, rape, theft, etc.    I can see a legitimate libertarian argument for both sides, and it all hinges on when you believe an individual begins to exist.   
I happen to disagree with the idea that individual life begins at conception due to how dependent the fetus is on the mother in the early stages of pregnancy; it's more a part of her than it's own person at that point.  As such, I am opposed to laws restricting abortion, especially early in pregnancy.  
When it comes to gay marriage, I disagree with him pretty strongly.  However, his stance is far less wrong than the other republican candidates.   He does advocate a lesser role for government when it comes to marriage: 
Again, I don't agree with him on these issues - I'm just trying to explain that point of view.  
@_date: 2015-04-24 02:43:34
You need to read more into that.  That amendment was a ploy to show Rubio and Graham and others for the fiscally liberal war-mongers that they are because they were pushing for increases  without commensurate spending cuts.  
Paul had no intention of actually getting that amendment through - he intentionally made it absurd to demonstrate how absurd the people writing blank checks (or worse, borrowing) for the military are. 
@_date: 2015-04-17 13:15:12
Keep in mind that he ultimately believes those issues should be decided by the states.  It's a state's rights issue to him. 
I disagree with his positions on those particular issues, but saying it should be left to the states is a reasonable position. 
@_date: 2015-04-17 19:24:14
I'm not sure what the 14th amendment has to do with abortion (it is highly relevant to the gay marriage question, though!).   If anything, I can see conservatives using the 14th amendment to make the claim that abortion should be illegal because you are denying a fetus (a person, to them, remember!) due process under the law.  
Where does the 14th amendment enter into the abortion debate?  I'm asking *you*, not what some people in robes think. 
@_date: 2015-04-24 02:26:14
He didn't support increased military spending.  He asked for a vote on $190B in extra spending - with cuts to other parts of the budget - as a demonstration of how asinine the endless military spending was, especially when done with borrowed money.  
He was demonstrating the absurdity of the position by taking an extreme example of it and forcing those that support increased military spending to actually pay for it if they wanted it.  They weren't willing to do so, so he made his point.  That amendment never got passed and was never intended to - it was to make Rubio, Graham, et al look like fiscally irresponsible, war-mongering idiots.  
@_date: 2015-04-17 17:00:30
Philosophically?  Perhaps not. But constitutionally, yes.  The states retain all powers not granted to them by the constitution, so a state would be allowed to make abortion illegal just as it can make murder illegal within its territory.  (I don't think abortion is murder, I'm just giving examples of state laws that the federal government has no authority over).  The justices in Roe V Wade disagreed and, while I am happy with the outcome of that case (more liberal abortion laws nationwide), I disagree with the nature of the decision. 
Gay marriage is trickier because marriage at the state level determines eligibility for things that matter at the federal level.  I think you'd have to make the claim here that 14th amendment equal protection should be guaranteed to all states, thereby nullifying state laws against gay marriage.  