@_author: neverlefttheshoneys
@_date: 2017-07-27 19:25:40
Your point is well made. Didn't mean to accuse these companies of having poor reputations or running out of their garages. Just meant to communicate my total ignorance one way or the other.  Sounds like I succeeded. Ignorance demonstrated. 
Thanks to everyone for the responses.  From what I hear it sounds like I can expect the manufacturer to know what they are doing.
@_date: 2017-07-26 18:00:51
Yes but frustratingly Trezor is only sold on Amazon via third party sellers and furthermore the prices on Amazon are much higher than the price on the Trezor website.  I'd be happy doing something like that if I was buying an out-of-production vinyl record or something but it seems a little sketchy for cutting edge tech used to store large quantities of virtual currency.  As for ordering from Trezor directly, they ship from Europe three times a week and I have no reason to trust them. 
The purpose of my post is to try to figure out how reputable this hardware really is (since I am just learning about this and honestly don't know). I just want to know if storing money on a hardware wallet means it is truly secure or if it requires me to put my faith in some random person in Europe selling tech out of his garage. 
@_date: 2017-07-26 18:24:32
Thanks. Excellent point about the chain of custody and their added credibility given their area of technical expertise.  
Do you have any strong preference for one over the other (i.e. the Trezor vs the Ledger Nano S?)
@_date: 2017-07-26 18:02:15
See my response to u/Soopernova01 below...
Edit: and also my response to u/gatewaypugs
@_date: 2017-07-26 18:17:12
Thanks for the link. I guess I would just prefer to order from a retailer I've ordered from before but I may have to bite the bullet and go directly through Ledger.  
Here's my concern - I have no experience with Ledger or Trezor. For all I know they store their clients' information in a Word document on an unsecured server. Let's say that server is compromised. Now a hacker has my personal information and also knows what kind of hardware I use to store digital currency. I would feel more comfortable going through a website like Amazon since (at least to some degree) I am more confident in their security measures. Furthermore, it seems less likely that they would be deliberately targeted by hackers seeking to compromise bitcoin wallets (as opposed to vendors like Trezor or Ledger). 
Really I'm just trying to learn so any advice is helpful.  Thanks for weighing in. 