@_author: neville_bartos666
@_date: 2018-01-07 23:18:13
after the last 2017 BTC explosion I had thousands of dollars worth of BTC as a result of an investment amount that was pretty insignificant to me.
The last thing I need is a bigger tax bill, so I decided try and buy some stuff with it.  I found out that Newegg.com accepted bitcoin, so I got a ps4 pro, Xbox one x, battlefield 2, a high end sound bar /subwoofer, a pair of senheiser hd1s and a 2tb solid state drive.  But I’ll never buy anything with BTC again, because retailers are scum bags and don’t treat BTC as currency.
Several times, I would pay the exact amount that Newegg asked for, then I’d get my order cancelled for “underpayment”, because the value of BTC in USD went down a little....and god forbid if her majesty Newegg.com lose a few bucks...so instead they cancel the transaction, leaving me on the hook for the fees...and then the additional fees for the refund transaction.
Fuck this.
if you’re going to accept BTC, then fucking accept it, just as you would accept cash.  When i buy something from amazon, amazon doesn’t check the value of the US dollar against the yen or euro, and then cancel my order if the value falls a little.  Who cares what the value in USD is? Dollars werent the agreement upon payment method...BTC was.  If you ask for .00023 BTC, and I give that amount to you, then the transaction is OVER.  PERIOD.
Newegg has never given me a cash refund for “over payment” when the price of BTC goes up during the transaction.  Merchants accepting bitcoin shift all the risk of trading BTC on the customer, and if the transaction fails, then the customer is out a lot of money.
I won’t be buying with BTC until some MAJOR improvements are made.  
@_date: 2018-01-11 16:38:35
now you’re talking about making smart investments, not gambling vs speculation.
putting money in a savings account, is not a gamble.  Your money is guaranteed to grow, and it’s FDIC insured (250k or less), so there is zero risk there.  When you start factoring in inflation and other external factors, then the argument becomes investment quality....not speculation vs gambling.
Putting money in crypto has zero guarantees, zero fundamentals, zero valuation and the only reason there’s any interest in it, is because of the crazy rise in prices we’ve seen.  People are going into crypto to try and get lucky as many already have, and that’s the only reason.  It’s similar to investing in penny stocks...widely regarded as the riskiest type of investment.  However penny stocks are less risky in crypto, because penny stocks are shares of an actual company, with data that can be quantitatively analyzed for the formulation of at least some kind of investment strategy.
@_date: 2018-01-11 06:40:08
so putting money in a savings account is gambling?
@_date: 2018-01-11 20:50:11
I’m not failing to see anything.  There is categorically zero fundamental value of any crypto currency.  It’s not an opinion, it’s a fact.
You can google all you want about crypto, but what you should be googling is investing fundamentals.  This is an easy one.
@_date: 2018-01-08 05:04:46
you're confused.  a taxable transaction isn't the same thing as capital gains taxes owed on profit taking by selling BTC for "fiat".  I'd rather buy some things and pay sales tax than take a 2-3 thousand dollar profit that's taxable a at very high rate.
@_date: 2018-01-08 19:17:09
really?  are you a CPA, or did your CPA tell you this?  Because I've been trading crytos and buying things with BTC for a few years now, and I actually know what I'm talking about.  Im not regurgitating something that I googled or read on some message board.  I'm speaking from my actual experience of accounting for cryto transactions in my tax filings, which are handled by a major firm where I live.
@_date: 2018-01-11 06:38:34
speculation is gambling.  it's called speculation because there is no fundamental justification for buying crypto.  there is no homework to do, no research that can be done.  all you have are stories of people who bought in when it was cheap, then got lucky and made a lot of money.  you're jumping in because you want the free money too.  it's not investing, it's gambling. 
@_date: 2018-02-04 07:56:06
Love watching idiot millenials cry.