@_author: nevus_bock
@_date: 2017-03-11 14:50:19
Are you slow? Deflation discourages spending. Why buy a car today if it's going to be cheaper tomorrow? If you buy it today and sell it tomorrow, you will have lost money. All major economic schools advocate against deflation.
@_date: 2017-03-10 21:40:02
The number of bitcoins is finite and the currency is inherently deflationary. How does it threaten anything?
@_date: 2017-09-08 10:13:16
How does deflation encourage "sustainable investment" more than inflation in your view?
The 2008 housing bubble was a result of fraud, incomplete information, and speculation. I don't see how deflation could have helped against that.
@_date: 2017-09-08 10:27:35
Sure you can. What are you talking about? Yeah, expensive credit will reduce fraudulent investment, as well as everything else. That's like saying increasing the cost of using roads is helpful for the economy because it will reduce the number of car accidents.
@_date: 2017-09-08 13:04:58
Dude, what extra money? Extra money causes crisis? Extra as opposed to 'normal' amount of money? Low interest rates motivate economic subjects to take out loans (i.e. creation of money) and then spend the money. Where does it go? To somebody else's account, i.e. back to the bank which allows the bank to provide another loan. This is called the multiplication effect. This is happening even if credit rate is 20%. Why? Because it is the basis of our economy. There is no problem there until massive amounts of loans are given to economic subjects that have no way of sustaining the payment schedule (this is in fact NEGATIVELY correlated with the credit rate), as the lending agency then immediately and fraudulently sells these loans to institutions which further securitize them and pass them off as investment-grade to poor idiots who get duped. 
Please stop guessing how the economy works when you know nothing about economics; please don't spend all your money on an inherently deflationary electronic currency. Where and when in the history of the world have you seen deflation to actually lead to "sustainable investment" as you put it? No fucking where. Bitcoin price is propped up by investments and value creation OUTSIDE of bitcoin, whose recipients then speculate on the price rise of Bitcoin. Virtually no economic activity is happening directly WITH bitcoin. Once that speculation wave stops, the price will go down, as there is no reason to use a currency whose money supply cannot keep up with the rate of economic growth. Good luck in your future endeavors. I'm done.
@_date: 2017-09-10 19:31:57
Not because of deflation, but *despite* deflation. Switzerland is actively trying to curb the inflow of foreign capital, which is caused by overly strong Franc. Again, these are foreign investments. What is the domestic investment growth rate? Oh, is it negative? Such a strong economy, so much growth. 
You seem to not answer my questions, so I'll kindly ask again that you please let me know the longterm inflation average of Switzerland, and why you think that is irrelevant as only the last two deflation filled years of massive growth of 1 percent should be thanked for Switzerland's wealth. Pardon my sarcasm, it's getting harder to avoid it.
@_date: 2017-09-08 11:17:09
Do you really think we would have car accidents if driving cost $1000 a mile? 
The point is causality. Did low interest rates cause a housing bubble? Or just allowed other factors to cause it? Do you think low interest rates lead to global financial meltdown every time?
@_date: 2017-09-08 06:13:57
Inflation encourages investment, deflation discourages it. This isn't even that complicated. If you say deflation *encourages* good investment and growth, you look like a moron.
@_date: 2017-09-08 15:54:34
I'm weak; I can't help myself.
Your claim that 


and that you have 


are rather contradictory, along with anything else you're saying. I certainly don't believe you. But whatever; on the internet, nobody knows you're a dog.
But to claim Switzerland is a positive example of the benefits of deflation is just so ludicrous... Come on. Switzerland has been desperately to climb out of deflationary situation for at least a year now. They have resorted to negative interest rates (something you should hate, right?). It strangles their exports and stalls domestic investment projects. Swiss Franc is considered severely overvalued. This is very much a recent negative development, deflation being a part of it. In the long run, I think we can agree that Switzerland has done very well. Can you tell me: what is the 10 year and 30 year inflation average of Switzerland? Is it negative?
[Here]( are the remarks from the latest reporting event of the Swiss National Bank. How happy do they seem with the situation they're in?
It's only a matter of time for bitcoin. It mathematically cannot survive.