@_author: new_account_001
@_date: 2014-02-10 16:00:23


No. The fact that they put it on their website's press page? **
The fact that media calls them that? Google "coinbase bitcoin exchange"
Also, "It has been noted for being one of the more professional and stable bitcoin exchanges"
And when I got interested in bitcoins last year, I remember reading that they were a bitcoin exchange in their "about" page.
I guess they edited it or I may have misread. But I don't think I did.


What does that have to do with being an exchange? You think limit orders is what makes an exchange? Most people think that coinbase is a marketplace/exchange where buyers and sellers trade with each other. Instead, buyers and sellers trade against coinbase.


I know the role they play moron. That's the point. 
@_date: 2014-02-10 14:40:42


The entire bitcoin eco-system is amateurish and shady. For example, coinbase is such a scammy nonsense, it's beyond belief. Nobody with finance sense would trade commodities, stocks or currency on a platform like coinbase. It's not a real exchange, it is a "market maker" trading for itself. It's interests are directly opposed to their "customers". Not only that, it charges 1% coming and going. 
When a REAL and reliable bitcoin exchange/broker/trading platform comes online, I would trade bitcoins. But not before. 
@_date: 2014-02-10 16:18:18
If MtGox is an exchange where accounts can trade bitcoins with each other, wouldn't the accounts on the exchange be out of BTC? Not MtGox itself?
@_date: 2014-02-10 16:37:21


That's not a "convenience" that you should pay for. But that's another story. And 1% is a ridiculous fee. Remember you pay it buying and selling. You are essentially paying coinbase a fee for an opportunity to make coinbase money. 


Same here. That's why I am actually waiting for a real bitcoin exchange or online broker to trade bitcoins. That's a convenience I'd pay for.


I wouldn't mind paying a "fee" if coinbase was an exchange/broker. But that's not what they are. Coinbase is a market maker and you are trading against their account. 


No that makes you a entrepreneur. 


No it is not. It is a market maker earning money off the spread and charging morons a fee to make them money. It's like a bookie charging you an additional fee for betting on top of the vig. Not to mention that coinbase seems to be gaming the system by arbitrarily delaying/cancelling transactions. 


I never said they were.
Listen, I understand a lot of people here have money invested in bitcoins and are wary of any criticism. My criticism of coinbase is actually to help people who invest in bitcoins. I wish coinbase would become an exchange where everyone trades with each other rather than against coinbase. I would like to invest in bitcoins but can't because there is no attractive option. The way coinbase is set up is a BAD DEAL for bitcoin traders. But since they are the only game in town, they can get away with it. Hopefully more competition will make way for better deals and options.
@_date: 2014-02-10 16:07:18
@_date: 2014-02-10 15:47:06


The convenience of getting ripped off? The convenience of making coinbase money? 


Doesn't say much about the bitcoin ecosystem then...
@_date: 2014-02-10 20:25:17


Great point moron. God, you bitcoin shills are worse than cult members. But when you have skin in the game, it makes you are bit biased. 
Fucking hypocrites, no different than the establishment you denounce. The problem is that trash like you are just get-rich-quick morons. I, on the otherhand, actually want bitcoin to succeed. Unfortunately, that is looking less likely because of idiots like you.
@_date: 2014-02-10 15:36:57


"The Bitcoin wallet and **exchange platform** Coinbase has introduced zero-fee micropayments using the virtual currency. "
Most customers' probably believe it is an "exchange".


Here, coinbase would be piggly wiggle and customers the suckers? I hope you are not working for coinbase...


I didn't say they were "bad". I said scammy. If coinbase can make money off of morons, good for them. 