@_author: newager23
@_date: 2019-07-02 20:51:33
These are the arguments I have heard, and perhaps you are right.
But I can't help but think that a hacker will try this method. All you need to do is guess 12 words in any random wallet (regardless of order, because all combinations of the 12 can be tried) and you can re-create the wallet.
@_date: 2019-07-02 22:12:28
So, if someone tried 100 trillion 12-word combinations, the odds of finding an active HD wallet is infinitesimal? 
By the way, I'm not worried about my wallet, I'm just wondering if it is possible. This is a theoretical question.
@_date: 2019-07-02 22:56:55
That's where my question came from. I was doing some research on Bitcoin and found out how the master seed is used to re-create a wallet. All master seeds (BIP39 wallets) come from the same 2048 words. 
From the feedback I have received here, it does not appear to be a problem. However, everyone focuses on what it takes to brute force all possible wallets (2048\^12) with 12 words. What I would like to know is the probability of randomly re-creating a single wallet that uses 12 words. Let's say there are 50 million wallets in existence in 5 years. Will it be possible to guess 1 of those 50 million?
@_date: 2017-12-04 01:46:12
The better number to use is a 10.6% monthly growth rate, which is the growth rate since Bitcoin's inception. 
8 cent starting price.
108 months since July 2008.
Current price $11,000.
Growth rate 10.6%
Using that growth rate, we hit $40,000 in 1 year.
@_date: 2017-12-03 18:17:54
I was hoping to break the habit at $10,000. No such luck. Maybe $15,000...
@_date: 2017-12-09 05:36:13
LOL. This looks like it is going to be tough to quit. Perhaps if it gets stuck for a few months, I'll get bored. Doesn't look like it is going to stop trending in the near-term. 
On another note. I thought $95 Litecoin was too cheap and an excellent entry price. So, I sent some funds to Coinbase. While I have been waiting for my funds to clear, the price has jumped from $95 to $175! I missed it by one week. 
@_date: 2017-12-06 03:58:22
I would be very happy somewhere between 10.6% and 15.5%. However, I think it will be a bit below 10.6% just for the simple reason that the market cap is up to $200 billion. It's getting more difficult to continue this growth rate, because it requires huge amounts of money. I hope I'm wrong, and we exceed 10.6% in 2018. 
@_date: 2018-08-11 01:33:59
I think it was Hal too. Doesn't anyone have some of Hal's emails that can be compared to Satoshi's???
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:59:34
mtrycz, here you go.
I'm just an investor trying to figure it out. I also have 20 years of experience in computer programming and IT technology, so I have a grasp of the situation. 
The problem is scaling. When bitcoin had a limited number of transactions it could handle them relatively efficiently, with low fees and acceptable confirmation times. Once bitcoin became more popular, that changed and became a big problem.
That problem is with us today. If you try to buy a cup of coffee using bitcoin it will cost you nearly double the cash price in bitcoin fees. Most bitcoin transactions are a painful experience in giving away your bitcoin in fees.
This scaling problem opens up bitcoin to competition. Thus, we need a solution if bitcoin is going to be the dominant crypto and escalate in value. 
The simple solution seems to be increasing the block size. The reason why is full blocks are what caused higher fees. However, increasing the block size creates more problems than it solves. This is why Core (the developer team that supports the current legacy bitcoin chain) is against big blocks.
Not only are larger blocks a short-term patch, but they are problematic. Why? Because bitcoin is a very large ledger that gets passed around on the Internet. If you use large blocks, that ledger grows in size. You end up needing more bandwidth, more memory, and much more expensive hardware. This creates centralization as fewer and fewer individuals can afford to be part of the bitcoin network.
The centralization argument is probably enough to avoid large blocks, but there are several more. If you keep increasing the block size, you make it more difficult to confirm transactions as you slug around this huge ledger. It creates a very inefficient system. In fact, those who want to use larger blocks to solve scaling are deluding themselves. It's not a tenable solution in the long run. Eventually blocks become too big. 
So, if big blocks are not a solution, you have to look for something else. Enter SegWit and Lightening Networks. These attempt to solve the scaling issue by doing transactions off-chain. It is a very elegant solution that could keep blocks small and make the network efficient.
The problem is that SegWit and Lightening Networks are new and have not be thoroughly tested. Those in the big blocks camp say we can't wait for them and they might not even work. We know larger blocks will work in the near term, so let's go that route. Voila, we get Bitcoin Cash, which is a big block solution that increases the blocks size from 1MB to 8MB.
Bitcoin Cash is deluding themselves if they think can exclude off-chain solutions, such as SegWith with Lightening Networks. They will soon be adopting them once they are proven. Why? Efficiencies.
The people behind Bitcoin Cash are the miners. This is where it gets interesting. The miners are not really devoted to the bitcoin network the way that Core is. The miners do this for the money. It is a business to them. They know a scaling solution is necessary. They chose larger blocks not because it is a good solution, but because it matches their economic interest. Why? Because larger blocks allow transactions to occur on-chain, where they get paid the most for transactions. The solution that Core has chosen to solve the scaling problem is off-chain, where they make less money. Do you see? It was more of business decision for them.
On top of this is something called ASIC boost. You can google that and see why the miners prefer a large block solution. 
This conflict between Core and the miners is not political. It is in fact a business war. The Core developers want to do it right so that it succeeds in the long term, as a long term business. The miners want to make money now. Businesses are only concerned with their self-interest. Since this Core scaling solution will impact their business, they are keenly interested in the outcome.
What I have discovered in this scaling war: Core is devoted to the best solution and they do not want to make stupid decisions, especially decisions that can be avoided. The miners are more concerned about their self interest on business level. They do not want Core to impact them financially.
Core made the mistake of pushing SegWit as a solution without considering the economic impact to the miners. Thus, the miners fought back and created the NYA (New York Agreement). Now we have Bitcoin Cash, and another hard fork looming in November. 
All of this could potentially have been avoided, but that's beside the point. The question is where are we at, and what will be the outcome of the hard fork? But that's another post. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 17:57:05
I have my doubts that your assumption is correct. In fact, I'm pretty sure you are wrong because of the replay protection issue. And time is running out to add replay protection. Moreover, I'm pretty sure that the majority of user nodes do not support 2X and will not be installing BTC1 code.
@_date: 2017-08-21 21:24:52
Excellent comments. Thanks. Keep it coming. 
@_date: 2017-08-24 01:58:09
I haven't researched LN yet, but I plan to soon. 
@_date: 2017-08-25 17:38:02
Oh boy, here comes another alt-coin in November. This is going to be fun. There seems to be confidence on the SegWit2x side that they are going to be Bitcoin because they will have the largest hash rate. The SegWit2x team are not even trying to come up with a new name. They are assuming that the Core coin will get the new name Bitcoin Classic or Bitcoin Legacy. Thus, they think the Core team is going to get the alt-coin. Got popcorn? 
Core has been on the sidelines since the NYA and the miners have been aggressively pursuing options to maintain their business model. Perhaps it's time for Core to make a few moves instead of just sitting back and waiting for the hard fork to fail. If Coinbase, Gemini, Kraken, et al. decide to follow the NYA, then Core has a problem. I know this sounds impossible to this board, especially without replay protection, but I have only heard 1 signatory of the NYA back out. 
Conversely, the market does not seem afraid of the hard fork, as Bitcoin is near an ATH. The market seems to be implying the HF will fail. Because if the HF succeeds, that is not a good thing. If that happens, Core will get the alt coin, and Bitcoin will have a sketchy development team with a sketchy road map. Sounds like total disarray. 
I know, chill buddy. Core's not getting the alt coin.
@_date: 2017-08-28 03:24:16
If the user nodes refuse to install BTC1, we are going to see who has the power: the users or the miners. This is going to be the test to find out. 
@_date: 2017-08-21 21:30:31


LOL. A small group get together and they are the majority of stakeholders? There is no way that the November SegWit2x HF is a slam dunk. Or that it will become the official Bitcoin. The current legacy coin will carry on. There is no doubt about that. The Core team is not going away. 
@_date: 2017-08-24 04:20:02
Foregive my ignorance. That's what I have read. Doing a quick check, it looks like this is not true. That's good news. 
@_date: 2017-08-23 23:05:08
Thanks for the kudos. Here you go. 
A 2MB block size is not a big deal. That is actually built into SegWit. However, both Bitcoin Cash and SegWit2x take it up to 8MB. This starts to approach hardware issues that could impact decentralization. Moreover, something I didn't mention is the vulnerability of large blocks to spam. The more space you allow, the more space that is vulnerable to attack. This is another big reason why the Core team is leery of anything larger than 2MB. They wouldn't even consider SegWit2x for this reason. 
The big block solution is only a patch. Why? Because the dominant Bitcoin is going to growth exponentially. You will need 16MB very quickly and then 32MB and then 64MB - if you don't use side chains.  
It's my belief that side chains are required to dominate the crypto world. And why wouldn't that be the objective of Core? Why give up competing in that space when it's easily achievable? The miners act like Core only cares about security and has no interest in low fees. That's a ruse. They care, and want to be as successful as possible. Everyone want to see Bitcoin reach $100,000 of more.
As for security. Clearly we are forced with a tradeoff by using side chains. Someone will make an alt coin that is safer and does not use side chains, but it won't allow ease of transactions globally. Bitcoin is destined to become a global transactional currency. That will require pushing the envelope and pursing side chain technology.  
Ironically, both Bitcoin Cash and Segwit2x both want the same thing that Core is trying to achieve. They just obfuscate on their objective because of their economic interest in the near term. They want to achieve the dominant Bitcoin while still making a boatload of money charging for on-chain transactions. They are trying to thread the needle and might fail with their risky approach. Why is it risky? Because it is clearly an inferior approach and the market might sniff it out. Conversely, Core is currently in the drivers seat (as reflected by the Bitcoin price), which they could lose, if they do not continue to make good decisions. The miners are snapping at their heals looking for an opening. 
@_date: 2019-08-18 05:50:56
If you could read more and give me feedback, I will add those changes to the book. It would be much appreciated. I plan on incorporating your suggestions. Others will benefit from your input.
@_date: 2017-08-22 18:04:11
Check out this link of someone backing out of the NYA. I think this will become a trend in September and October. 
@_date: 2017-08-24 04:27:36
Yes, I have read a lot of lies over the summer. I should have confirmed it with a google search. I removed it. Thank goodness reddit allows us to fix our mistakes. 
@_date: 2019-08-08 19:36:17
Wow, that was a comprehensive answer. Very well done and much appreciated. I had a follow up question.
So, if it is true, then isn't that problematic? For instance, this means that if a vendor is not aware of RBF he could accept a 0-conf transaction from a customer and then the customer could replace that transaction using RBF and send the Bitcoin back to himself? 
I get the argument that seller beware and to not accept 0-conf transactions, but this seems like an opportunity for scammers.
@_date: 2019-08-26 18:44:55
Are the blocks separate files that are indexed to appear to be a single file, or in fact, are they merged into a single file?
I guess my question is, when you download the blockchain, are you downloading individual block files or a single file as the blockchain?
@_date: 2019-08-25 00:02:55
Thanks, much appreciated. The more feedback I receive, the more I realize that I don't know the subject well enough. As a layman, I can see how difficult it is to understand. I tried to bring it to other layman, but I supposed that isn't possible.
@_date: 2019-08-18 00:04:10
Thank you. That's what I needed. I gave it a try, but I don't know it well enough. You made that very clear. Much appreciated. Hopefully, someone can do what I have tried and make it acccurate. 
I couldn't believe how many hours are required to get an understanding of how it works. I tried to condense into about 3 hours.
@_date: 2019-08-11 01:14:32
Good point. I wrote it by a laymen for a laymen. Doing my research I found that nearly all of the information about Bitcoin is written by experts and it hard to understand. I tried to make it more accessible. 
For instance, it can take hours to figure out how transactions work or how the lightning network works. In my book, you can save hours learning how these things work. Can you at least read the short intro, and tell me if there is any need for this.
@_date: 2019-08-26 03:27:58
Thank you! That will be much appreciated. I'll be looking forward to reading your suggestions / comments.
@_date: 2019-08-20 20:43:01
Thanks. That makes sense. So, Luke is the guy? He gets to decide if a rough census has been achieved. I would bet he asks a few of his friends their opinion. He's probably just the lead.
@_date: 2019-08-18 00:13:39
You can read it in 3 hours. It's a fast read. If you compare that to how many hours it takes to learn from Google searches, the time saved is huge. It probably took me at least 20 hours to learn how the Lightning Network works, and more than that for transactions.
@_date: 2019-08-08 20:08:30
Thanks. Much appreciated.
@_date: 2019-08-08 17:56:43
I'm asking because this article seems to imply that is the case: 
 [
@_date: 2019-08-08 22:06:34
Good to know. So, basically the functionality exists, but wallets do not support it (changing the output address). That was a question I had, so thanks.
@_date: 2019-08-18 00:09:51
Hey, you know your stuff. Why don't you take my draft and fix the errors? Then we can co-publish it, or perhaps give it away? Do you have any interest in doing that?
@_date: 2019-08-20 20:30:29
I've read that. It does not say "who" completes the peer review and changes the status from draft to proposed. 
All I can find is there is some type of rough consensus. But "who" makes the decision to change the status? And do they just use their opinion?
@_date: 2019-01-06 18:04:53
Lol. $300 move. At least wait for a $500 move. 
@_date: 2017-09-08 00:43:53
I love this post. This is why I've always considered Bitcoin Cash to only be a patch. It doesn't solve the scaling problem. In fact, all it does is chase its tail. 
This post clearly shows that if Bitcoin Cash survives, they will have to copy/follow Bitcoin's use of off-chain transactions and level 2 solutions. 
@_date: 2017-09-11 00:38:39
That's excellent news. I thought we would start to see the NY agreement fall apart in September. This is a good start. It's amazing how the r/btc board is backing the S2X HF with confidence. They think they have consensus, which is not true. What they have is enough support to create yet another coin - a split. This isn't what the NYA was intended to accomplish. 
Ironically, as we move closer to November, the developers of S2X are quiet and are not even discussing what this new coin will be called. Instead, they are confident it will immediately become BTC. Good luck with that. They have to kill the legacy chain for that to happen. 
Let's add some more irony to this crazy S2X HF. Most of the people on r/btc support it, even though they also support Bitcoin Cash. Try wrapping your head around that. Exactly what outcome do they want? Two coins supported by the same developers? LOL. I don't think they could tell you any outcome they support that would make any sense. 
@_date: 2017-09-09 17:27:20
2x would be okay if Core was behind it. The problem is they aren't. So, 2x is about installing BTC1 and displacing the developer network. If 2x is a success you have a mess, and a new developer team with an unknown roadmap. 
The market currently doesn't believe 2x will succeed, or else I  don't think Bitcoin would be at $4K. Once the NYA signatories realize the mess they are creating, I think they will back down. Right now we have a game of chicken between Core and NYA, and Core is holding fast, refusing to join 2x. 
By the middle of October this should be rectified. I would expect more NYA rats to jump off the 2x ship. Core is not going to change their decision. They will try to keep the legacy chain alive. 
@_date: 2018-07-28 22:17:08
The title is wrong, he said "most altcoins", and he might be right. But many altcoins will outperform Bitcoin over the next few years. I think Litecoin will and Ethereum might. Vtalik Buterin is one smart dude. He seems focused on making Ethereum a success. I wouldn't bet against him. Most of the other alt coins seem to have more risk. NEO is another one that is interesting. Dismissing all of the altcoins is probably not smart. But I agree that Bitcoin is king and everyone should own at least 1 if they can. 
@_date: 2017-07-02 18:33:45
The coup is aimed at taking complete control and replacing the legacy chain. However, the coup will be content with a partial victory that ends in two viable chains. 
@_date: 2017-07-17 01:16:01
I agree with this article. As long as SegWit gets signaled by August 1st via the BTC1 client, then the outcome will be positive. As of today we have 87% of the miners saying they will signal. However, if that doesn't happen, we will get a lot more drama. We will get BIP148 and Bitcoin ABC, and who knows what else.  
Once we have SegWit on the legacy chain, it should be smooth sailing for a while (a few years). The miners will be taking a big risk trying to compete against it using a HF. But even if they do, I think the outcome will be positive for Bitcoin. The legacy chain should win and maintain the Bitcoin brand. 
The next couple of weeks is crucial. I find it ironic that the miners are going to hand SegWit to the legacy chain and core team. After all, many of them do not like SegWit. I still have some doubt that this will happen.   
@_date: 2017-07-25 18:27:12
I'm hoping that the 2x HF is successful and Bitcoin Cash fails. I don't think the 2x HF is that damaging. If it has some bugs, they can be fixed. Most on this board are against the 2x HF, but I think it is a good compromise. We should give the miners something. Yes, staying with 1MB is probably best, but we are dealing with a mutiny situation. Both sides need to give a little. The miners have clearly given us SegWit, and now they should be given something in exchange.
I am very leery of a coming split, and potentially two splits. We could get a split on Aug 1st with the Bitcoin Cash HF, and then another one in November. There is still a lot of uncertainty on how  this unfolds. Both sides still think they are going to win the November HF showdown. I think there is a good chance we get at least two Bitcoins. One may have the brand of Bitcoin, but the other will be a close clone and will compete against it. Either way, Bitcoin survives and the brand survives. So, I'm not concerned about Bitcoin dying. It's just a matter of how big it gets.  
@_date: 2018-04-07 17:22:40
Most Bitcoins are already owned by a small group of people. So, there will be perhaps 3 million lucky dads. It's amazing how few people will actually own 1 Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-07-23 00:46:09
The only thing I have read is that the NY agreement is a move to fire the core devs. I've also read that the core devs are not excited about merging the BTC1 code into a core client. So, between now and November if we only get the BTC1 client for the HF, it's going to get dicey. If the core devs play nice and support the 2x HF, then all could be well. I'm hopeful there will be an agreement to delay the 2x HF until core can test and merge the code into a new client. That would be the best outcome.  
@_date: 2017-07-02 20:56:47
At the end of the post I state that this is only a theory. I'm probably wrong, but I thought I would share it. 
@_date: 2017-07-04 18:39:07
Of the three outcomes for SegWit2x, I think a clean 2MB HF is the least likely. The reason why is because the core dev's and users (BIP 148) were not part of the agreement, and will try to keep the legacy chain alive. A clean 2MB HF could happen if the core dev's get behind it after Aug 1st, but I have my doubts. The other two outcomes are a failed HF and chain split. I'm expecting a split - two coins.
@_date: 2017-07-05 17:37:36
Correct. Perhaps not too messy, but it will get everyone's attention!  or  could both be relatively smooth.  will not be smooth. It will be more like, "Oh crap, what's happening!"
@_date: 2017-07-06 19:15:25
My expectation is that BTC1 will be installed by 80% of the hash rate before Aug 1st and we get SegWit on the Legacy chain. After that, we will either get a chain split via the HF, or the HF will be successful (everyone runs the BTC1 code). Either way, Jihan wins and gets a larger block size. I actually think he would prefer a chain split so that he can have his own coin. Of course, the third option is the HF fails. I don't think that will happen, but it could. Why won't it happen? Because once SegWit activates in August, both groups are going to fight for the outcome they want (1MB vs 2MB block size). A fight will likely lead to two coins. 
@_date: 2017-07-04 01:56:28
I agree with you alphathree33. It's not a terrible compromise. If Segwit gets activated via BTC1 before August 1st, everyone should get on board and support the 2MB HF. But it isn't likely to happen. My expectation is that we will get a chain split and two coins in November. 
@_date: 2017-07-10 18:01:59
Isn't the gambit of the BTC1 HF that the Legacy chain survives? I think BTC1 will have enough support to create a new economic chain on the HF. However, won't the BIP148 group and core dev's rally around the Legacy chain, hanging on to the Bitcoin brand? 
@_date: 2017-07-05 06:04:55
If the BTC1 client is installed by 80% of the miners (hash rate) before Aug 1st, then SegWit is signaled on the Legacy chain and becomes active before the end of August. 
On August 1st, the UASF will get activated by many user nodes. However, as long as the miners continue running BTC1 up until late August, it will have no effect. And once we get to late August, SegWit will be active on the Legacy chain for nearly all clients. 
So, the odds are good that we will begin September with SegWit active on the Legacy chain. 
What happens next? This is where it gets dicey, and my answer below only covers some of the possible scenarios.
In November, the BTC1 clients will automatically hard fork. Who will join them? That's a big unknown. How many of the BTC1 clients will revert to the Core client now that SegWit is running? Another big unknown.
So, on Sept 1, we should be looking at 3 potential outcomes leading up to the November HF.
1) A failed HF. With the Legacy coin continuing onward with Segwit and everyone running Core clients.
2) A split chain, with two coins. A big mess. 
3) A successful HF. With the Legacy chain replaced by the new HF chain. And everyone running BTC1 code. 
@_date: 2017-07-09 01:44:28
I'm surprised no one replied to your post. I thought it was quite compelling and insightful. Moreover, it supports my theory that the most likely outcome of SegWit2x is a chain split and two coins. 
If Bitcoin was always destined to have, to use your words, large pockets of centralization, then trying to avoid centralization is counter-productive. All you end up with is a split chain and two coins. One trying to avoid centralization (small blockers) and one accepting centralization (large blockers). 
I could barely listen to Craig Wright, but his comment that high cost nodes are inevitable, does resonate. Trying to limit the cost of user nodes to maintain decentralization might be a losing battle. I don't think anyone can predict how competition between crypto currencies will impact future scaling. Eventually the network will probably need to move away from small blocks. I've heard the argument that 1MB blocks will probably be sufficient for off-chain scaling, but I have my doubts for the long term.
The big blockers and the backers behind SegWit2x are tired of this battle. They seem willing to go it alone with their own coin. And from the response to SegWit2x by Peter Todd above and the other core developers, it seems like they are ready to let that happen. The only question is can both chains be economically viable? I don't know the answer to that question. But I am shocked that more people aren't talking about it. However, I am certain it will be all the rage in the coming weeks. 
By the way, I have a solution to this SegWit2x mess, although your insights make it clear why my idea won't work. My idea is that the Core dev's could recognize that SegWit2x isn't a terrible idea, but demand a delay in the timeline to the HF so that it can be properly tested. If that happens, voila, we get consensus. But don't expect this outcome, because the Core dev's are in no mood to reward a move towards centralization.
@_date: 2017-07-22 19:18:51
I love the animated gif, but you probably will need to turn him around soon. The scaling mess is not yet resolved. I doubt we will see $3000 this weekend. There is still too much uncertainty. 
Look at all of the potential outcomes: 
1) The 2x HF could fail and we try to scale with small blocks. Probably won't happen.
2) We could get a successful 2x HF that replaces the legacy chain with larger blocks and displaces many of the core devs, who quit in protest. Ouch. Sounds risky.
3) We could get a successful 2x HF, but the legacy chain remains. We get two competing coins. Perhaps not a terrible outcome, but a lot of uncertainty on which coin will be the most successful.
4) One of the previous outcomes occurs, but we also get a new alt-coin called Bitcoin Cash that does not have SegWit.
5) None of the above. 
Take your pick! 
@_date: 2017-07-06 05:35:12
If the miners would just signal for BIP141 we could have that $50K in 3 years, and you can add another zero for 10 years. If BIP141 doesn't solve the scaling issue, then we can consider larger blocks. Too bad BIP141 isn't going to happen before the BTC1 adventure. Instead, we get huge uncertainty for several months. It's fun drama, but not fun for the bitcoin community.
@_date: 2017-07-01 19:29:57
Quote from Jihan Wu: "My topic today is about why multiple implementations are quite important for Bitcoin."
This was the first line in his keynote address at The Future of Bitcoin. Here is the link:
This line reinforces my belief that the goal of the SegWit2x HF is to create a chain split, resulting in two coins. Now that BTC1 has been released on time, I think we can see they are serious. A coup is clearly under way. 
Jihan Wu studied economics and philosophy. He is a bright, ambitious guy. Plus, he has a vision of where he wants to take Bitcoin. In his keynote address he speaks about how Bitcoin is missing opportunities in smart contracts and other use cases. You get the feeling he is not happy about lost opportunities. This is a guy who appears to want to influence the direction of Bitcoin, and that he is clearly frustrated with its current direction. 
When you combine his opening line and other comments in the keynote address, I think he wants two coins. This is not a coup to take over Bitcoin. It is a coup to take over a new implementation of Bitcoin. He (and his group of supporters) is creating his own alt-coin.  
Here are the three possible outcomes of the 2MB HF:
1) It fails. This will happen if nearly all of the economic signatories of the SegWit2x agreement, or nearly all of the user nodes, refuse to install the BTC1 client. 
2) It succeeds and creates two coins. This could happen if a majority of signatories of the SegWit2x agreement install the BTC1 client, as well as a sufficient number of user nodes. The new coin would be under the direction of the BTC1 group. The legacy coin would initially have an advantage because of their stronger developer network. However, the most valuable coin would become a competition. 
3) It succeeds and replaces the legacy chain. This would only occur if the Bitcoin community agrees to the 2MB HF to prevent a chain split. This is unlikely to happen, but I’m sure there will be an attempt by the BTC1 group to kill the legacy chain, and replace it with the hard fork chain. As of today, I would consider this a long shot outcome unless the core dev's get strongly behind SegWit2x and pound the drums.
When I look at these possible outcomes, the only outcome that makes any sense is number 2. Why? Because outcome number 1 is illogical. Why would the BTC1 team deploy SegWit without an excellent chance of the HF succeeding? It makes no sense unless you were confident that a HF will succeed. Clearly, the only reason to do this is to create a hard fork and new coin. 
It appears that the BTC1 team wants to split Bitcoin into two coins, and then control one of those coins. Perhaps that is the reason behind SegWit2x. Perhaps it was always intended to create two coins using a HF. That’s the only thing that makes sense. The miners (big blockers) finally reached a breaking point and decided they wanted their own coin. Everyone thinks the miners are stalling, when in fact they could be just as frustrated to create a scaling solution.
Well, it's just a theory. Maybe we will get outcome number 1, scratch our heads, and ask what that was all about. I would love to see that outcome, but I don’t think outcome number 2 will be as bad as everyone thinks. Both coins will compete against each other, driving cool solutions. If I was an alt-coin, I sure wouldn't want two Bitcoins to compete against each other.
@_date: 2017-07-10 00:20:22


This would be one option, but I don't think they have time to pull it off. They need to have a meeting and ask for a delay to test SegWit2x. Without a delay, I think we get a HF and two coins. I think it is telling that they did the HF 3 months after the SegWit activation. They knew this would not be accepted. I think they want their own coin. But like you said, they are making a huge gamble giving up the Bitcoin brand. 
@_date: 2017-07-23 01:57:08
You want to compare BCC vs SegWit2x, but this is really about on chain scaling (via BCC) vs off chain scaling (via SegWit).
SegWit2x includes SegWit, and that is what BCC is trying to prevent. 
BCC is the rebranding Bitcoin Unlimited. It is scaling with big blocks without SegWit. There are several problems with using big blocks for scaling and this is why the core team has been opposed to it. 
There are three major issues with using big blocks that I am aware of. The first is it causes centralization, because it becomes very expensive to run nodes, and the less nodes you have the less decentralization you have. The second is that it is highly inefficient, because you have to move more data to validate transactions. Once you get to really big blocks (32MB, 64MB, etc.) is will be pretty slow moving data around. The third is that large blocks are not as secure as small blocks. 
Any of these reasons are sufficient to attempt to use small blocks for scaling. In fact, going straight to big blocks, seems to be illogical in the face of these strong reasons. If small blocks (via SegWit) won't work for scaling, then we will be forced to use larger blocks. However, that time has not yet arrived. 
The argument by the BCC team is that SegWit won't work, so we are wasting our time deploying it. Thus, they want to go immediately to large blocks, which is a known quantity. Yes, big blocks will scale, but at what outcome? Is it the right choice? Probably not, if SegWit will work. 
It seems like the anti-SegWit arguments are really mis-direction of the elephant in the room. And that elephant is economic self-interest. Because from a profitability standpoint, off-chain scaling reduce income to the miners versus using larger blocks.  
The irony in all this is that a compromise was probably needed to rectify the different approaches to scaling. SegWit2x was that compromise. We have the compromise, yet core has not embraced it, and no one knows if they will. This has given BCC some oxygen. I think if core was onboard for SegWit2x that BCC would die quickly. 
@_date: 2017-06-27 18:12:38
Thanks for the reply. I have re-evaluated my expected outcome comment. I now think any of the three are possible. I'm now leaning towards a split and two coins - unless the dev's make a big effort to support SegWit2x.
@_date: 2017-06-13 18:35:15
His May Crypto Report. My notes: Bitcoin: violent action (volatile), but higher highs, 8th to 11th high volume, problems resolved by the 20th (optimism, resolving, resolution).
@_date: 2017-06-21 00:18:00
As of today, I would say there is no way to prevent the 2MB HF from happening. It is built into the July 21st activation of SegWit, which appears likely. 
There are several reasons why the HF could fail. First of all, it is a contentious fork. I would say most of the users do not want follow the HF. We are going to need something to happen during the 3 months leading up to the HF where the core developers and exchanges get on board with the HF. If that happens, then I would expect the users to fall in line. After all, those who try to ignore the HF will likely be in the minority and fighting an uphill battle. I personally expect the HF to succeed, leading to new chain and a single bitcoin. However, it is still early and I could change my expectation depending on how things play out.  
@_date: 2017-06-23 18:47:50
No it's not a coincidence. However, you are missing the point. The miners hijacked the UASF and replaced it with their 2MB fork, yet no one is talking about it. What am I missing here? Isn't it a fact that the BIP91 activation on July 21st will automatically activate the 2MB HF three months later?
So what has happened since the Silbert Agreement? The UASF appeared and was then leveraged by the miners to deploy SegWit2x, what they wanted in the first place. Thus, the UASF played right into their hands. Everyone seems to think the 2MB HF won't be deployed, but it's built into BIP91. It's automatic, or at least the attempt of the 2MB HF is automatic. It WILL be tried.  
Between July 21st and 3 months later, there is going to be a struggle to determine what happens AFTER the HF is automatically signaled. 
Everyone seems to think it's no big deal. That the HF will fail and we will just stay on the legacy chain. But what happens if 95% of the miners remain on the HF? And during the 3 months leading up to the HF, they can convince a significant part of the bitcoin community to join them? They you have a viable HF. Then you have a new chain, and perhaps two competing chains.
Everyone who assumes the 2MB HF will fail is perhaps being too optimistic. The HF has the potential of succeeding. All the miners need is for the core dev's, exchanges, and wallets to support their new chain. That will create momentum to get enough user nodes to also support the new chain.  
The wildcard here are the core dev's. So far they have said they won't support SegWit2x. I think many of them will change their mind once we get into the 3 month window after July 21st. If they say it's time to move forward and switch to the new chain, then it will likely happen. 
Once you get some momentum to support the 2MB HF, it will be difficult to stop. Why? Because if it gets any community support, then you are looking at a split chain and two coins. At that point, there will be an attempt to prevent that outcome. And which group has been adamant to prevent two coins? The devs.
Of course, if everyone in the community except the miners refuses to support the 2MB HF, then it won't happen. As of today, I think it is too early to assume that outcome. Thus, you should be more worried than upbeat about the HF. 
@_date: 2017-06-23 20:51:24
Here is a link to the news release where the SegWit2x developers added the automatic 2MB hard fork. 
@_date: 2017-06-21 00:06:40
You are correct, ownership was not the right terminology I should have used. My intent was to note that the core developers are currently on the outside looking in. Their control (perhaps that is the wrong word too) of the code in some respects has been hijacked. What everyone is hoping for is that the large group of core developers remains in tact. The fact that this is not guaranteed is unsettling. This episode in Bitcoin's history shows that the community that supports it can be broken up and fragmented from contentious forks.
@_date: 2017-06-20 02:35:42
The question Jimmy didn't address is the following scenario that has me intrigued: BIP91 gets activated before Aug 1st, thereby activating SegWit. This appears to be likely at this time, because I doubt the miners will signal bit 1 before then.
So the question is, once SegWit is active via BIP91, can it be turned off on the main chain? What can the miners do to the main chain if the hard fork for 2MB fails? What are their options? If they have none, then SegWit2X seems silly. As many have been saying, why don't the miners just signal bit 1 now for SegWit and get it over with?
@_date: 2017-06-21 01:33:03
This 2MB HF is being enacted by the miners. Only they can stop it from occurring. If they signal on July 21 for SegWit, then the HF will most likely happen. Sure there is the possibility it won't be enacted, but that possibility is dwindling by the day. 
@_date: 2017-06-21 00:26:56
I could be wrong, but from what I have read, the miners have options on how they will support SegWit if the HF fails. It is my understanding that they could prevent it from working (correct me if I'm wrong). However, I don't think they will. Instead, they will likely use other means of leverage to get the increased block size they desire. However, this will all be moot if the HF succeeds. 
@_date: 2017-06-27 18:18:37
I don't buy this argument. SegWit2x always had a chance of a chain split. Anyone who signed the agreement knew this. After all, the core dev's were not there. That would have been huge assumption by the signatories to think the user nodes and core dev's would join them. No, this was an agreement with a probability of a split. 
I used to think that you were right and no one would install the BTC1 client and the 2MB HF would fail. Now I'm not so sure. Those signatories were businesses. They made a contract with each other. We'll see what happens, but the outcome is far from guaranteed. 
@_date: 2017-06-25 17:19:10
It begs the question, why are the miners going to install SegWit2x code on 7/21? It clearly is not in their interest of obtaining a larger block size. All it gives them is SegWit. It almost appears as if it is a conciliatory gesture by the miners to give the community SegWit. That doesn't seem to square with the tumult of how this has unfolded. 
The miners hold a meeting in NY in May with the purpose of getting a larger block size. They form a dev team to write some code for this agreement. The result of that code is to deploy SegWit and prevent a larger block size (because the HF is impossible).
It makes no sense. Why would they do this (deploy SegWit2x code) if they didn't think they had a chance for HF to succeed? Just to be nice guys? I would think the end result goes totally against their intent, because once you have scaling you might not need a larger block size. 
@_date: 2017-06-13 00:02:05
Ethereum is quickly moving to overtake Bitcoin as the largest cryptocurrency by market cap. Why is this occurring? I think we all know. Bitcoin is currently in disarray with regards to solving its scaling problem. This is evident in the explosion of alt coins. Bitcoin is currently flawed, and the alt coins smell blood in the water. The biggest flaw by far is transaction fees and transaction times. 
So, what's going to happen? Some think that the current version of Bitcoin is sufficient. I think this is lunacy. You have 300,000 business in Japan that want to deploy a Bitcoin payment option in 2017. These businesses, and thousands more around the world, will drop Bitcoin like a rock if transaction fees continue to escalate. Anyone who thinks that a viable alternative cryptocurrency will not replace it is delusional.
Thus, the clock is ticking on Bitcoin for a scaling solution. There is some time, but how much? Can we wait several months for BIP 149? Perhaps. Will BIP 148 create a mess before we even get to BIP 149? Perhaps. Will SegWit2X get approved? Perhaps. However, maybe none of these get approved. 
Do you see the trend in each of these potential solutions? They are all iffy, with no certainty. The Bitcoin community is at odds with each other. Consensus is not only lacking, but it's fragmenting, leading to potential forks. It's a very unstable situation.  
Those who point to the wall of worry that Bitcoin has always climbed, I submit that this time is different. In the past, there were no alt coins breathing down Bitcoin's neck. In the past, you did not have 300,000 businesses that were ready to deploy an alt coin payment option. This is it. This the moment of decision when a winner is declared. Not today, but the next year or so. 
I submit that the last Silbert meeting in NY and the previous meeting in HK, did not provide a viable solution. You need to have one more meeting (third time is the charm?), and this time use some common sense (no hard fork or rushed solutions). You shouldn't leave that meeting without a viable solution. And this time invite enough developers and users to balance out the discussion. 
Maybe Bitcoin doesn't need saving, but it sure feels that way. Look at all of the historical software programs and websites that were leaders at one time and then failed. Why did they fail? They all had flaws that were exposed by superior applications. Bitcoin is clearly vulnerable to superior alternatives.
I wrote an article on SeekingAlpha about Bitcoin on June 1st when it was at $2400. I said that I expected it test $1500 in the near term because of the uncertainty surrounding SegWit. I still think this is possible. Until there is some certainty regarding the deployment of SegWit, there will be downward pressure on the Bitcoin price. 
I think there is a very good chance the future of Bitcoin will be determined in the next 12 months. That future will not be determined by its competitors. Instead, it will be determined by the Bitcoin community. The only thing that can stop Bitcoin is Bitcoin, and I think you understand what I mean. 
Now that I have written this post, I have mixed emotions. Clif High and his webbot are certain that Bitcoin is going to be the winner. He expects Bitcoin to explode in value, reaching $13,000 by February 2017 and $40,000 by the end of 2019. Who am I to question his call? He has been the most accurate forecaster regarding Bitcoin since it was at $250. Perhaps my opinions are nothing more than FUD. We'll find out soon enough. For the record, I'm hoping Clif is right. He is also calling for the SegWit issue to be solved by June 20th. That prediction seems like a stretch to me. 
@_date: 2017-06-21 01:47:50
This seems to be consensus on Reddit, that the user nodes will never accept SegWit2x. Well, I'm not so sure. The key will be what the core developers, exchanges, and wallet providers decide to do regarding SegWit2x. If we do get the 2MB HF, which is my expectation, I would expect the user nodes to be the odd man out. The community is likely to align with the 2MB HF, because if it doesn't, then you could get two competing coins, which is the worst outcome. So, I am not confident that the HF will fail. Of course, as I said before, the key will be what the core developers, exchanges, and wallet providers decide to do after July 21st.
@_date: 2017-06-08 16:50:41
This is my first post on r/bitcoin, but I have been following the debate and even posted an article on SeekingAlpha called: Bitcoin: Buy, Hold, or Sell. This intransigence by the miners not to signal for SegWit is lunacy. Bitcoin has the potential to be the digital king of the cryptocurrencies and they are potentially going to ruin that opportunity. It may work out, and everything could be fine, but the fact that they are fighting SegWit is insane.
Look at the potential of Bitcoin if SegWit and the corollary scaling potential is adopted. It then becomes the defacto dominant global cryptocurrency. Can't the miners see that? It's amazing to me this hasn't been resolved. It seems like a few individuals are more concerned for their own self interest than helping millions of people. Perhaps I have this wrong and the miners are indeed looking out for the best interest of Bitcoin, but it doesn't appear that way from what I have read.
Wanting a larger block size at this time makes no sense. It's just silliness from my perspective, and I think that is most people's perspective who analyze the scaling issue logically. The main thing is if it is truly needed? The jury seems to be out. And until we try SegWit and the corollary scaling possibilities, we won't know.
Am I missing something here? Because if I'm not, then some bad actors are really holding up an amazing opportunity for digital currency to take on the world. This is historic and yet a few people are blocking it? Truly amazing. If this is in fact the case, then someone needs to wake these people up to the fact that this is not about them. This is about history and this is about a truly new direction in global currencies.
Perhaps this will all work out and Bitcoin will resolve its scaling issue and become the global digital currency it deserves to become. But there is truly a disruption in the Bitcoin community today on how to resolve this scaling issue. And if it does not get resolved cleanly, then someone (or a group of someones) could make a serious error in judgment that leads to another cryptocurrency (or several) becoming dominant. The fact that this is even possible, boggles the mind.
Bitcoin was first and is in a position to dominate. But that domination is not guaranteed. And anyone who thinks that it will be just fine as a store of value is mistaken in my estimation. If transaction fees explode, then the popularity of Bitcoin will fade. It will be replaced by much more popular cryptocurrencies. What's the point of having an alternative currency if you can't spend it? Is the point going to be as a store of value? That's just insane from my point of view and clearly was not Satoshi's goal.
@_date: 2017-06-22 19:27:23
How can 2x be avoided if the miners signal on July 21st? The HF is built into that signal. It will already be in the code. I don't see why the miners would remove it leading up to the 3 month flag date. 
@_date: 2017-06-22 20:39:08
First of all, the miners do have a say in this. In fact, they are the ones who are activating the 2x HF, all by themselves. The question is not if we are having a 2x HF three months after Aug 21st, but if it will succeed. 
There seems to be a lot of confidence that the 2x HF will fail. However, if the miners get 90%+ consensus for the HF among themselves, I think it is naive to expect the core dev's, exchanges, and wallets to line up against the 2x HF. I think these groups will find a way to make the 2x HF work. That leads the users nodes as the odd man out. So the question arises, how many user nodes will the HF need to make it a success?  
My comments are based on four assumptions. 1) More than 85% of miners will signal for SegWit on July 21st. 2) The miners will not remove the 2x HF activation that follows 3 months later. 3) The miners as a group will be 90%+ committed to the HF. 4) The core dev's and exchanges will recognize that the 2x HF is the best option to avoid a chain split. 
 
@_date: 2017-07-02 23:12:47
However, this time is much different. You didn't have over 80% of the hash rate running those versions. BTC1 will likely have more than 80% of the hash rate before Aug 1st. This is why we could easily get a chain split and two coins.
Quote from Jihan Wu: "My topic today is about why multiple implementations are quite important for Bitcoin."
This was the first line in his keynote address at the recent Future of Bitcoin conference. Here is the link:
This line reinforces my belief that the goal of the SegWit2x HF is to create a chain split, resulting in two coins. Now that BTC1 (new Bitcoin client) has been released on time, I think we can see they are serious. A coup is clearly under way. 
Jihan Wu studied economics and philosophy. He is a bright, ambitious guy. Plus, he has a vision of where he wants to take Bitcoin. In his keynote address he speaks about how Bitcoin is missing opportunities in smart contracts and other use cases. You get the feeling he is not happy about lost opportunities. This is a guy who appears to want to influence the direction of Bitcoin, and that he is clearly frustrated with its current direction. 
When you combine his opening line and other comments in the keynote address, I think he wants two coins. This is not a coup to take over Bitcoin. It is a coup to take over a new implementation of Bitcoin. He (and his group of supporters) is creating his own alt-coin.  
Here are the three possible outcomes of the 2MB HF:
1) It fails. This will happen if nearly all of the economic signatories of the SegWit2x agreement, or nearly all of the user nodes, refuse to install the BTC1 client. 
2) It succeeds and creates two coins. This could happen if a majority of signatories of the SegWit2x agreement install the BTC1 client, as well as a sufficient number of user nodes. The new coin would be under the direction of the BTC1 group. The legacy coin would initially have an advantage because of their stronger developer network. However, the most valuable coin would become a competition. 
3) It succeeds and replaces the legacy chain. This would only occur if the Bitcoin community agrees to the 2MB HF to prevent a chain split. This is unlikely to happen, but I’m sure there will be an attempt by the BTC1 group to kill the legacy chain, and replace it with the hard fork chain. As of today, I would consider this a long shot outcome unless the core dev's get strongly behind SegWit2x and pound the drums.
When I look at these possible outcomes, the only outcome that makes any sense is number 2. Why? Because outcome number 1 is illogical. Why would the BTC1 team deploy SegWit without an excellent chance of the HF succeeding? It makes no sense unless you were confident that a HF will succeed. Clearly, the only reason to do this is to create a hard fork and new coin. 
It appears that the BTC1 team wants to split Bitcoin into two coins, and then control one of those coins. Perhaps that is the reason behind SegWit2x. Perhaps it was always intended to create two coins using a HF. That’s the only thing that makes sense. The miners (big blockers) finally reached a breaking point and decided they wanted their own coin. Everyone thinks the miners are stalling, when in fact they could be just as frustrated to create a scaling solution.
Well, it's just a theory. Maybe we will get outcome number 1, scratch our heads, and ask what that was all about. I would love to see that outcome, but I don’t think outcome number 2 will be as bad as everyone thinks. Both coins will compete against each other, driving cool solutions. If I was an alt-coin, I sure wouldn't want two Bitcoins to compete against each other.
@_date: 2017-06-21 17:58:51
I am just being logical. If there is a 2MB HF and nearly all of the miners, core developers, and exchanges get behind it, how many user nodes will they need? How is my logic wrong? 
If your answer is that there is no way the core developers or exchanges will get behind it, I'm not so sure. Once it is in motion on the 21st, I would expect a consensus to form by those groups. The Devs may hate it today, but they will hate a split chain worse. Like I said, it will likely be the user nodes that are the odd man out. So, the question arises: how many user nodes will they need? Is it really unthinkable that they can amass that many user nodes?
@_date: 2017-06-08 05:56:13
This is my first post on r/bitcoin, but I have been following the debate and even posted an article on SeekingAlpha called: Bitcoin: Buy, Hold, or Sell. This intransigence by the miners not to signal for SegWit is lunacy. Bitcoin has the potential to be the digital king of the cryptocurrencies and they are potentially going to ruin that opportunity. It may work out, and everything could be fine, but the fact that they are fighting SegWit is insane. 
Look at the potential of Bitcoin if SegWit and the corollary scaling potential is adopted. It then becomes the defacto dominant global cryptocurrency. Can't the miners see that? It's amazing to me this hasn't been resolved. It seems like a few individuals are more concerned for their own self interest than helping millions of people. Perhaps I have this wrong and the miners are indeed looking out for the best interest of Bitcoin, but it doesn't appear that way from what I have read.
Wanting a larger block size at this time makes no sense. It's just silliness from my perspective, and I think that is most people's perspective who analyze the scaling issue logically. The main thing is if it is truly needed? The jury seems to be out. And until we try SegWit and the corollary scaling possibilities, we won't know.
Am I missing something here? Because if I'm not, then some bad actors are really holding up an amazing opportunity for digital currency to take on the world. This is historic and yet a few people are blocking it? Truly amazing. If this is in fact the case, then someone needs to wake these people up to the fact that this is not about them. This is about history and this is about a truly new direction in global currencies. 
Perhaps this will all work out and Bitcoin will resolve its scaling issue and become the global digital currency it deserves to become. But there is truly a disruption in the  Bitcoin community today on how to resolve this scaling issue. And if it does not get resolved cleanly, then someone (or a group of someones) could make a serious error in judgment that leads to another cryptocurrency (or several) becoming dominant. The fact that this is even possible, boggles the mind. 
Bitcoin was first and is in a position to dominate. But that domination is not guaranteed. And anyone who thinks that it will be just fine as a store of value is mistaken in my estimation. If transaction fees explode, then the popularity of Bitcoin will fade. It will be replaced by much more popular cryptocurrencies. What's the point of having an alternative currency if you can't spend it? Is the point going to be as a store of value? That's just insane from my point of view and clearly was not Satoshi's goal.  
@_date: 2017-06-20 19:15:44
I've been following the Segwit drama. Here is my understanding of the current state of affairs: 
The most influential miners held a meeting in New York last month and made an agreement called SegWit2x. This agreement was rejected by the majority of Bitcoin Core developers and user nodes. However, the miners have big bucks, so they hired their own developers to make a version for SegWit2x. 
The deployment of SegWit2x occurs in four steps. 
1) The miners state their intention to signal for SegWit on July 21st. Currently 80% of the hashrate has stated their intention to do this, so it is likely to happen.
2) Only July 21st, miners need to signal for SegWit. If 85% of the hashrate signal for Segwit, then it gets deployed on the core chain. This is being done by the miners and nothing needs to be done by the core developers, user nodes, or exchanges for this Segwit activation. If this happens, then the BIP148 UASF (user activate soft fork) won't happen. The August 1st threat will be removed, because SegWit will already be activated on the core chain. 
3) Three months after SegWit is activated, there will be a hard fork by the miners to expand the block size to a 2MB minimum and 8MB maximum (there is some confusion about how the block size will be defined). This hard fork is built into the July 21st activation code. The core developers, user nodes, and exchanges are very upset about this looming hard fork, but it does not look like anything can be done to prevent it. 
4) During steps 1 through 3, the core developers, user nodes, and exchanges are not involved. However, now is when we could get a mess. The hard fork will now require everyone to adopt the SegWit2x code or else we get a lot of uncertainty. Many users are adamant that they will not run the SegWit2x code. This will have the effect of potentially splitting the chain. Also, the developers will need to merge the SegWit2x code into the core code or else you will get two groups of developers. This is the split that happened for Ethereum. So, it's way to early to celebrate. 
There are several potential outcomes in step 4 and no one knows what will happen. Ideally, the hard fork will fail and the miners will revert back to the core chain, where SegWit will exist. This would put the core developers back in ownership of the code, and we would have one chain - the original core chain. Another outcome could lead to the hard fork becoming the new chain, and thereby the core chain is abandoned. If either of these outcomes occur, it would likely be messy with two chains existing for a period of time. The reason why is that this hard fork was not agreed to in advance. It is a contested hard fork, and those are dangerous. 
In the first two outcomes, we end up with one Bitcoin chain. However, it's possible we could get two. There are two ways this could happen. First, the hard fork could lead to the core chain remaining active. This could happen if enough user nodes, exchanges, and miners support the core chain. Under this scenario you would have two factions fighting it out in the same manner as Ethereum and Ethereum Classic. 
The second way we could get two coins is if the hard fork fails. If this happens, the miners will be extremely upset that the community did not uphold their SegWit2x agreement. They could regroup and plan a counter-attack. I think it is naive to think they will take this without a followup fight. Who knows what could happen in that type of hostile environment. The first thing that could happen is the miners could prevent SegWit from working. All they have to do is ignore SegWit blocks. That would take us right back to square one. Is the drama over? I don't think so.