@_author: newchain
@_date: 2015-05-14 20:36:06
This has me laughing my ass off!
Bitcoin, as it becomes even more decentralized, will get to be even less controllable than Tor!
@_date: 2015-05-08 18:23:20
The DBC (distributed block chain) is coming soon. It fixes this problem, as well as the tending towards centralization mining problem as well (not everyone has a fab plant in their back yard to fairly participate anymore).
@_date: 2015-05-08 18:33:37
The UTXO can be distributed as well! See my below comment on the DBC (distributed block chain). All we give up distributing the block chain (easily even) is the loss of minting ability. That would probably be extremely hard in a distributed block chain -- but we no longer need it! So let us move to the simpler and superior solution! We already have over half the coins minted and distributed. We can give minting up for the great benefit of no more centralized miners!
@_date: 2015-05-08 18:04:20
Don't Panic!
Bitcoin solved the  problem. The problem that prevents any new coins from really taking off. Bitcoin has solved the initial distribution. That problem really is now done and good and in the past.
Bitcoins, as the currency, will stay. The new limit will be less than 21 million. It will be whatever amount have been minted at the point that the great hard fork takes place, deprecating the block chain!
The blockchain will go. The new blockchain /has/ to be distributed. UTXO and all. It is quite simple really. Now that there is not much need to continue forging new coins as more than half have been minted, we can do away with the current rickety proof of work blockchain system that is showing its age. That is okay. It worked long enough to solve the first real problem, initial distribution. The next problem is the distributed block chain, which is actually simple when you don't need to worry about minting coins, and thus it requires no miners such as we have today.
This does not mean bitcoin goes away. Bitcoin has won! It has the initial distribution. The new DBC (distributed block chain) will take over. No more coins will be minted at that point, as only the current design could likely do that properly. As well, most would likely not want to even find a way, as most who understand, understand that bitcoin succeeded because of its deflationary design. That will be maintained by logic, demand, and probably even technical constraints of a DBC.
The gist of all this is: do not sell your bitcoins! They are the people's currency, already distributed! In fact, since minting of bitcoins will stop when the DBC takes over, your coins will perhaps double in value as the inflation is instantly cut to ZERO! :)