@_author: newfor2015
@_date: 2015-12-23 21:28:18
Their special interest is themselves. They are primarily motivated by power and wealth and sense of self-accomplishment.
@_date: 2015-12-23 21:55:07
In case you misunderstood what I'm saying, let me try to put it in another way. Politicians are money-agnostic. That is to say, they don't care where the money comes from, they just want it.
They are not purposely going out there to screw with the public, but if taking corrupt money means they'd screw the general public, they care very little about the consequences.  
If the public suddenly starts to give them money, they'd take it just as willingly. 
@_date: 2015-12-23 23:59:41
I don't understand why you say "not really" since you're basically agreeing with what I'm saying.
In the US and in other similar democratic governments, a vast majority of politicians talk to the special interest groups because he believes those groups are what constitutes as his people and he is their representative in government.
What are corporations if they are not simply organizations that employs real people? If the big companies thrives, the economy and the people that work for those companies would thrive as well. So when the biggest employer of his city/district/state needs him to do something, he will listen and does his best to accommodate the request because it'll effects many many of his people. If that company threatens to close a factory in his district if he doesn't do things their way, he will capitulate at some point. Why shouldn't he talk to those lobbyists from companies?  A politicians would always returns a favor as long as it doesn't collide with his moral standing and core believes because returning a favor doesn't cost him anything personally, and he gets money and influence and power for himself which is what the politicians really want. 
A politician really doesn't care where the money come from because he'd screw over company A over company B as long as company B gives him more money. If suddenly, lobbyist group C comes along and can offers the politician even more money influence or power, he'd go with C in an instant and forget everything he ever promised A or B. At that point, A and B doesn't matter anymore because neither would be able to fulfill the politician's self interest like C can, and for the most part, that's the selection criteria for the politician as long as what he's doing doesn't interfere with his core believes. 
One in a while, an offer comes along that is so enticing and overwhelming that they overcomes the politicians' believe system, and politicians ends up doing things that's very different than what he believed in, but more commonly, a politician's core principals are pretty weak and he would go about doing practically anything and feel nothing. I say this because that's pretty much the only way a politician can becomes successful in the first place, it's what they do, it's how they got where they are.
 
@_date: 2015-12-23 22:41:29
You're right. That's not the correct usage of the word based on its classic definition, but in the current context, I'm using it as a term to refer being noncommittal attitude toward any particular source, which is how that word is commonly being used today in the technology industry, and I can't think of what else could replace that word to convey the meaning.
@_date: 2015-12-23 21:24:21
I don't think majority of politicians are purposely doing this though. 
@_date: 2015-02-17 18:45:02
Maybe I can explain to you like you're in 2nd grade...
If you're taking a test, and there are some questions that are harder for you to answer, you just skip over the hard questions and work on the easier questions. So what if you get 95 instead of 100? you finish the test earlier and you get 5 extra minutes of recess time to play outside.
@_date: 2015-11-22 17:28:28
Reading the article, it doesn't say anything about Apple or Cook or that actual quote. The headline is bogus.
@_date: 2015-02-04 05:08:47
It's very simple really. Let me explain what the Bible says:
In the beginning was the Word (the Word is Jesus, as he is referenced elsewhere in the Bible), and the Word was with God, and the Word was God (Jesus is with God and is God -- at the same time). 
He was with God in the beginning. (Jesus was with God from the very beginning of creation. Other parts of the Bible, it talks about Jesus became baby and popped out of Mary, some point approximately 2000 yrs ago.)
Through him all things were made; without him nothing was made that has been made. (All things was made through Jesus, but no, Jesus didn't create everything... God did that. It's just that God made stuff *through* Jesus, whatever that means)
In him was life, and that life was the light of all mankind. (So Jesus is the Word, but he's life and he's light... did I mention he's also God? ^but ^God ^is ^not ^quite ^the ^same ^as ^Jesus?)
The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcome it.
(We know darkness being the absence of light, but here, it's talking as if darkness is some preternatural primeval force of its own struggling with light.)
-John 1:1-5
@_date: 2015-02-04 06:49:53
Maybe, but Christians would say it's more like a refinement of the OT, kind of like what Einstein did with Newtonian physics.
@_date: 2015-02-04 04:58:04
Science can't be trusted. We don't trust man-effected climate change, vaccinations, big bangs and black holes, we surely can't trust some gibberish gobbly gook.
@_date: 2015-02-17 23:23:27
Please. Real circuit designers does schematic capture and hand select transistors.
@_date: 2015-02-17 18:41:58
Books? who reads those cumbersome things anymore. Saying this with a bit of sarcasm, but truth be told, the most interesting stuff are found only online these days or in specialized journals. By the time they make it to print, they're fairly dated already.