@_author: newoxforddictionary
@_date: 2014-01-25 16:54:39
We are happy to have made the addition.
@_date: 2014-02-17 00:15:27
Shit, you're right
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:31:21
More or less
@_date: 2014-01-26 00:29:11
I'm just getting into mining digital currency (going the route of mining Dogecoin and diversifying to fiat and BTC using the profits from that) but I've been following it and researching it for months. 
I'm trying to keep a healthy amount of cynicism/pessimism but the more I read and learn about cryptocurrencies, the harder it is not to be optimistic. Since the inception of the whole concept, the general trend has been upwards and hasn't slowed down. Slowly and surely, larger and more high profile businesses are accepting Bitcoin.
In a very general and speculative sense, I can't help but draw parallels between other internet innovations. History repeats itself. Everyone said the internet was a fad when it first started. Everyone said email was a fad when it first started. "We have real mail and USPS to send and deliver it! Why would you need funny internet mail?" and we're seeing it all over again. Now people are saying that Bitcoin and cryptocurrency in general is a fad and will die out. History IS repeating itself. Most of the naysayers of the internet and email were older folks that either didn't fully understand it or were too old fashioned to see the potential.
It doesn't matter if the older generations are skeptical and doubt cryptocurrency. A great many number of young people support Bitcoin and are trying to get a slice of the pie. These generations will surely continue to use it as they get older and the use will become more widespread. The only thing that could kill Bitcoin is the US government. They haven't done it yet, so I'm not convinced they ever will. If they do, I speculate that Bitcoin will be too widespread to die.
Besides, it is irrelevant if Bitcoin lives or dies. Sure, many of us have stake in the currency and have much to lose if it does. However, the cat is out of the bag. Cryptocurrency has been invented, and you can't uninvent it. 
The idea is powerful and it is changing how we think about money. You can't kill an idea. 
Maybe I'm getting carried away. Maybe I'm too optimistic. I could easily be wrong, but I've read what the cynics are saying and I've tried to convince myself they're right and I just can't.
@_date: 2014-01-24 06:38:53
From an outsider's perspective (I own zero BTC or dogecoin), dogecoin is way less intimidating. I've been wanting to get into cryptocurrency for some time now, but Dogecoin is the only currency where I don't feel overwhelmed browsing the subreddit, if only for its silliness.
With Bitcoin, I hesistate to get started because it *seems* way more confusing and less user friendly. It intimidates me more than Dogecoin.
@_date: 2014-02-16 20:22:54
Meh, idk about that. Every time a girl overhears me talking about it and I explain it to them, they think I'm some genius, soon-to-be-trillionaire that gets it when no one else does.
I like their version of reality :)