@_author: newsiswrong
@_date: 2014-02-27 16:53:13
"In April of 2013, I warned Natural News readers about investing in Bitcoin, saying on record:..."
To give him the benefit of the doubt, let's assume the highest price that month: $266.  So he is citing when he warned people away when Bitcoin was at a high of 266 which is still lower than now.  Just wanted to point that out... for the "record".
@_date: 2014-02-27 22:49:00
Legal tender is a bad thing.  That means all the regulations associated with legal tender would apply here.  Recognizing it as money isn't even good, but FinCEN does that.  When that announcement was made, it was actually bad news.
Goal: recognize as just something people barter with like a sandwich, paperclip, or headphones.  Less recognition == less regulation!
@_date: 2014-02-27 17:58:39
Guys, we need a nanny state to prevent us from losing money in an investment!
Does anyone else see the stupidity here where he is trying to prevent us from losing our money by banning it.  Yet the reason why he claims it is going to be "valueless" is BECAUSE OTHER COUNTRIES ARE BANNING IT.
My head hurts from banging it against my desk.  :(
@_date: 2014-02-27 17:03:40
It's regulation for the sake of regulation.
Notice how anyone who wants regulation simply says they want regulation.  They never give specifics.
"I want to regulate spoons!"
"What about spoons do you think needs to be regulated?"
"I don't really know, but I just think there should be more laws passed to restrict the way people are allowed to use them!"
If a pro-regulator can't say what specific regulation needs to be passed and why, then they're full of crap.
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:16:14
While I agree that the government has federal commerce regulations, I guess that I'm trying to point out that there is a very fine line between "money transmission" and speech as demonstrated by the Bitcoin.
While trade and speech may be defined differently, in situations where information itself is the thing being traded, they're effectively the same thing being ruled by two conflicting laws.
@_date: 2014-02-27 17:50:09
So what are regulators planning on regulating?  Trade.
Does the government have the power to act as a 3rd party to tell two parties that mutually agree upon a contract that their contract is void?  According to the law, sadly yes.
What can we do?  I'm not sure of any "loopholes" that can be done.  First I thought that the best way to start is to try to convince regulators that Bitcoin is NOT a currency, but instead more like a commodity/asset.  However the government likes to have it's cake and eat it too:
* Bitcoin is "money" when seen by FinCEN. (AML/KYC is required when buying Bitcoin, but not when buying a sandwich)
* Bitcoin is still being debated if it's going to be taxed like a currency, commodity, asset, security, etc.
In the end, the people in government seem to lack a basic understanding of why KYC/AML should regulate it.
FinCENs argument fundamentally comes to saying:
1.  Bitcoin is "value that substitutes for currency".
2.  Sending "value that substitutes for currency" is considered money transmission.
3.  Money transmission is regulated with regulations X, Y, and Z.
Well ANYTHING that has value can be substituted for currency when traded.  That's called barter.  FinCEN is now taking the definition of money and widening it to anything with "value".