@_author: nexo_
@_date: 2014-02-12 00:19:10
I have been following the stories and comments surrounding J.P.Morgan, and frankly, I'm appalled. Why does the media consistently refuse to acknowledge that unless J.P.Morgan provides unequivocal evidence to the contrary, I will continue to allege that its responses to my attempts to present another paradigm in opposition to its jejune epigrams generally involve crying, whining, and wrapping itself in a self-protecting mantle of superiority? For most of the facts I'm about to present, I have provided documentation and urge you to confirm these facts for yourself if you're skeptical. There'll always be some moralistic grammaticaster who's eager to complain about my use of English in this letter. He'll probably tell me that it's grammatically incorrect to use the word “otiose” when writing, “J.P.Morgan is an otiose skiver.” Well, the fact is that J.P.Morgan is an otiose skiver, and if you think that the Earth is flat, then think again. In conscientious deference to truth, let it be made known and acknowledged that there are three fairly obvious problems with J.P.Morgan's cajoleries, each of which needs to be addressed by any letter that attempts to hone in on J.P.Morgan's faults with laser-like precision. First, J.P.Morgan's brinkmanship and tin-rattling is aimed at prodding the government into sanctioning its attempts to shred the basic compact between the people and their government. Second, anything that has its sponsorship or support should immediately be quashed on the basis of its desire to waste taxpayers' money. And third, it says that the more paperasserie and bureaucracy we have to endure, the better, and that therefore it's inflexibly honest, thoroughly patriotic, and eminently solicitous to promote, in all proper ways, the public good. Hello? Is Mr. Logic down at the pub with a dozen pints inside him or what? There is sincerely a biggety dimension to J.P.Morgan's ballyhoos. Or, if “biggety” is too narrow of a term, perhaps you'd prefer “snippy”. In classic sophist fashion, I ask another question in reply: Why does J.P.Morgan hate our country? Here's what I have to say to them: J.P.Morgan's publicity stunts serve only to make people increasingly blinkered. At some point, we'll reach a “blinkered event horizon” where everything in the universe will be blinkered. At that point, it will no longer matter that J.P.Morgan decries or dismisses capitalism, technology, industrialization, and systems of government borne of Enlightenment ideas about the dignity and freedom of human beings. These are the things that it fears because they are wedded to individual initiative and responsibility.
While I predict that J.P.Morgan will persist with its perversions, profligacy, and perilous pursuits, its utterances would have more impact if they were more concise and organized. Instead of trying to be as clear as possible to get its point across, J.P.Morgan seems to like bandying about all kinds of fancy terms that no one's ever heard and that completely diminish its point. What's the best way to send J.P.Morgan's insinuations into the dustbin where they belong? That's actually a tough nut to crack. The answer is related the way that only by striving to supply the missing ingredient that could stop the worldwide slide into onanism can I promote J.P.Morgan to an elevated status in history as an archdemon of expansionism, so to speak.
Consider the issue of judgmental obscurantism. Everyone agrees that J.P.Morgan maintains control over its companions using intense peer pressure, manipulation of their guilt feelings, attacks on their sexuality, and fear, but there are still some wrongheaded, rummy nobodies out there who doubt that education is already suffering as a direct result of J.P.Morgan's flights of fancy. To them I say: J.P.Morgan has blood on its hands. Naturally, it pretends to be an innocent lamb who has our best interests at heart. We all know the reality: If J.P.Morgan really had our best interests at heart, it wouldn't prostrate the honor, power, independence, laws, and property of entire countries. J.P.Morgan consistently falls short of telling the whole story or of making a solid point. Then again, that notion has been popular for as long as egoism has existed.
Uncontrollable hypochondriacs can go right ahead and convict me for saying that J.P.Morgan's little schemes are bound to fail, but History, acting as the goddess of a higher truth and a higher justice, will one day smilingly tear up this verdict, acquitting me of all guilt and blame. J.P.Morgan attributes the most distorted, bizarre, and ludicrous “meanings” to ordinary personality characteristics. For example, if you're shy, it calls you “fearful and withdrawn”. If, instead, you're the outgoing and active type, J.P.Morgan says you're “acting out due to trauma”. Why does it say such things? The answer should be self-evident so let me just point out that we must mobilize the public. We must get people to prevent the J.P.Morgan-induced catastrophe I foresee and save our nation from its time of deepest humiliation and disgrace. Let's get reasonable; J.P.Morgan has vowed that one of these days it'll provide financial support to backwards banana republics and their narrow-minded dictators. This is hardly news; J.P.Morgan has been vowing that for months with the regularity of a metronome. What is news is that those of us who are too lazy or disinterested to deal with the relevant facts have no right to complain when it and its famuli brandish the word “anthropoteleological” (as it is commonly spelled) to hoodwink people into believing that its activities are on the up-and-up.
Of all the delusions I have ever known, the most daffy is the idea that truth is whatever your grievance group says it is. Still, that doesn't prevent J.P.Morgan from hamstringing our efforts to give it the severe tongue-lashing it deserves. What a cunning coup on the part of J.P.Morgan's supporters, who set out to stir up trouble and got as far as they did without anyone raising an eyebrow. I feel this way because J.P.Morgan's homilies are way off base. Sad, but true. And it'll only get worse if J.P.Morgan finds a way to protect undeserved privilege.
Wherever imprudent, scabrous adulterers are seen panicking irrationally and overreacting completely, J.P.Morgan is there. Wherever annoying, beastly bohemians are found making it nearly impossible to disturb J.P.Morgan's pretentious gravy train, J.P.Morgan is lurking nearby. Wherever niddering fanatics are observed putting the gods of heaven into the corner as obsolete and outmoded and, in their stead, burning incense to the idol Mammon, J.P.Morgan will no doubt be in the vicinity. I defy any coincidence theorist to try to explain away those observations. Clearly, J.P.Morgan has been changing children's values from those taught in the home to those considered chic by twisted mountebanks. We need to have long memories and no forgiveness of that sort of behavior. Instead, we must report as best as possible the facts and circumstances surrounding J.P.Morgan's pernicious squibs.
What if we collectively just told J.P.Morgan's lieutenants, “Sure, go ahead and adopt approaches that have not been tested to try to solve problems that have not been well defined. Have fun!”? That would be worse than quisquilious; it would seize control of the power structure. J.P.Morgan would have us instill a subconscious feeling of guilt in those of us who disagree with its ideals. May God, in his restraining mercy, forbid that we should ever do this most paltry and tyrannical thing! How can we trust a splenetic unimaginative-type who actively conceals its true intentions? We can't. And besides, J.P.Morgan's confreres often reverse the normal process of interpretation. That is, they value the unsaid over the said, the obscure over the clear.
J.P.Morgan and its accomplices are a bunch of hooligans. As you know, hooligans are dips; dips are ninnies; ninnies are bullies; and bullies all want to attack my character. The point is that implying that the rest of us are an inferior group of people, fit only to be enslaved, beaten, and butchered at the whim of our betters is no different from implying that power, politics, and privilege should prevail over the rule of law. Both statements are ludicrous. By that, I mean not only in the strictest sense but also the whole spectrum of related meanings.
J.P.Morgan's apparatchiks tend to fall into the mistaken belief that coercion in the name of liberty is a valid use of state power, mainly because they live inside a J.P.Morgan-generated illusion world and talk only with each other. J.P.Morgan has called people like me acrimonious deviants, picayunish criminals, and oppressive buggers so many times that these accusations no longer have any sting. J.P.Morgan undeniably continues to employ such insults because it's run out of logical arguments. I suppose an alternate explanation is that anyone who has spent much time wading through the pious, obscurantist, jargon-filled cant that now passes for “advanced” thought in the humanities already knows that people like J.P.Morgan that insist on stating “facts” without providing any references are really just offering opinions. What may be news, however, is that it's astonishing that it has been able for so long to get away with driving us into insolvency. I can't think of anything that better illustrates the failure of our justice system to deal with such naive casuists. Sorry for going on for so long about J.P.Morgan. I guess I just have a burr under my saddle from seeing J.P.Morgan identify political and religious groups that are its political enemies and re-label them as “refractory, tribalism-oriented gadflies” in order to justify operations against them.