@_author: nextbankproject
@_date: 2015-10-27 12:19:51
Our response to the information published at dinbits is as follows:
	
Layer  The 25 million:
10 mil. US dollars are enough to get an International Bank License in
Vanuatu and launch what we are going to launch. We are going to sell only 100,000 shares for $100 each, then launch the bank in Vanuatu (it is only necessary to have $500,000 in cash in the bank to obtain a banking license in Vanuatu).
Layer  - The Countries:
Our website states that "Representation offices will be launched in 7 countries". We are not going to launch banks and obtain banking license
in all countries. A representation office does not require a local banking license. We are also not going to provide the same banking services that
locally licensed banks can provide. You will find that many banks have Representation offices worldwide. This doesn't require huge investments. A representation office can be 2 people in a small office who are responsible for the identification of customers - nothing else, no local marketing and no local business.
The bank is not only going to offer Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency solutions. You can have a look on the website and see that our solutions will be for much more then only Cryptocurrency traders. 
Layer  - No Compliance:
This is completely incorrect. We have people with 5, 8 and 12 years' experience in banking compliance. We are in touch with the Vanuatu authorities and fully comply with global standards for AML and KYC. Also, our website says: "You will need a Passport, Proof of Address and will need to have a Live Interview". Do you need much more to open bank account with most offshore and even local banks? No.
Layer  - The Languages:
Our website and online banking will be translated and supported in 50 languages. The main languages are English and  French (the 2 official languages in Vanuatu).
Layer  - Twitter:
We have paid several social marketing companies and PR agencies. One of them is responsible for Twitter and Facebook. We have just launched and it is unclear for me why we have so many Twitter followers. I hope they are real followers and not just a "boost" just to show us the "great results" of their job.
Layer  - The Website Itself:
The website is matter of taste. Personally, I like it. Do you like Windows? Do you prefer Apple? It's up to you. The Shareholder Portal also works well. It lets you follow news and dinbits has no shares, so it doesn't have access to the Shareholder Portal (ID and PIN) - we don't understand how they can comment on this if it works or not. Press Centre has to have content (press releases) and should not be nice. It's very simple, very easy to read and copy-paste.
Layer  - Lack Thereof 1 (Languages):
Yes. At this stage it makes no sense to translate it into 50 languages. What for? We believe most visitors understand English and if not - they
can use Google Translate. Banking is what needs 50 languages, not a temporary landing page, which will be updated as soon as our project is funded.
Layer  - Domain Age:
Funding started in October and we have stated this in our press release. Our main domain nextbank.vu was registered on October 13th.
Layer  - Lack Thereof 2 (Security):
The bank needs 3-factor authentication and it will have it. At the current stage - where do you expect us to have 3-factor authentication? To enter the website? :D
Layer  - The Founder:
Dim Voloshinsky (in Latvian: Dmitrijs Volosinskis) is the founder, and the head of the project and will be a majority Shareholder. There is nothing to hide here either. He lives in London. He loves Vanuatu. He is the  director and owner of Instaglobal Limited and Instaglobal Limited is the operator of Bitcoins123.com, which works perfectly, and several thousands of customers Have used Bitcoins123.com since its launch in April 2015.
The CEO will be the ex-CEO of one of the private banks in Vanuatu. The compliance and risk management team is almost formed and most people have significant experience in banking, much more experience then Dim Voloshinsky himself, as you understand. I exist and Dinbits can meet me in person if they want. :)
The Verdict:
We will see NextBank open and running in 2016.
You can contact me by email press
@_date: 2015-10-27 13:57:30
NextBank will be friend of bitcoiners and not competitor. :)
@_date: 2015-10-28 11:04:51
Appreciate your concerns regarding our NextBank Project.
We have had time to review your blog and think your efforts serving the BTC community, commendable! Since NextBank's conception this has also been our primary focus, by delivering fully compliant suite of services, that we think the BTC community will love/use. 
From your own volition:
"Even if this guy was for real and sincerely wanted to open this bank, it would not work the way that he has presented it and in some of the countries he wants to open up in it's not even possible at all”
"or you are so foolish that you actually do not realize how badly this would fail and blow up in your face if it ever made it past tomorrow”
It seems contradictory and unfair to make a scam accusation against us with out presenting any evidence, rather just personal speculation/questions regarding our projects operations. Creation of a Global Next Generation Financial Institution/Integrated Service Provider might not work - but does that make us scammers, for trying?
We have invested significant resources [Approx $ 600000] in infrastructure/retaining experienced staff/consultants to make sure our project does work. Furthermore, 100% legally compliant and 100% transparency for all future Next Bank clients.
Dinbits, we publicly invite you to:
i) contact our lawyer Mag. Anatoly Urtans:
- urtans
- 1 Melcoffe Area, Port Vila, Vanuatu
And we’ll do best to further address any misconceptions/understandings you might have regarding our NextBank Project, this would be much preferred and our doors are always open to you.
ii) Please prepare evidence which proves our project is a "scam”. We will seek court ordered retraction if we are unable to resolve. Thank you for your understanding.