@_author: nezroy
@_date: 2018-01-25 02:08:55
So? Maybe Bitcoin isn't for them. Bitcoin doesn't require mass adoption to be successful for the things it's designed to do. It's already accomplished the important technical goals.
@_date: 2018-01-23 18:32:32
He's assuming the US, in which case it's [true, for now]( Might not be for long, though.
@_date: 2018-01-25 02:09:41
Bitcoin is the least efficient way to do what you are asking. Why would you try to use it in this way? There are entire systems designed *for* this purpose; use those systems instead.
@_date: 2018-01-25 15:56:40
People who understand what Bitcoin is actually for don't care too much about the price of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-23 18:30:19
There are plenty of jurisdictions where trading one cryptocurrency for another is a taxable event. We don't know if this guy is in one of those places or not.
@_date: 2019-07-26 00:58:56
First important fact; assuming the receiver routinely has access to an internet connection (or has access to the satellite feed), then they have a copy of the complete blockchain up to some point in time, T.
Second important fact; even if you and the receiver are *currently* offline, you cannot "fake" a transaction that is not compatible with the state of the blockchain at T. They will instantly be able to tell that the transaction is invalid if you tried, because they *know* the entire blockchain state up until T.
What that means in simple terms is that whatever Bitcoin you are trying to spend you must have actually owned and been capable of spending before T. It doesn't matter if you have a custom, malicious wallet, there is no way for it to craft a transaction that the receiver will accept that doesn't meet that basic level of validity.
Third important fact; your window of abuse is relatively small. You must do something that makes the transaction you are providing to the receiver invalid AFTER T, even though it would have been valid prior to T. 
What you would typically try to do is known as a "double-spend". Assuming you had internet access after T but the receiver did not, you would broadcast a "spend" of your BTC to the network; most likely just moving that BTC to another address you control.
You would then visit your offline receiver and craft a *different* spend of the BTC for them that looks valid. They will accept it. Only when they later get online and update their blockchain to everything that happened after T will they find that the transaction you provided them was actually invalid because the BTC had already been spent and confirmed to the blockchain.
Yes, this is a problem with an offline transaction, but the abusable window and nature of it is much less severe than you are thinking. You cannot fake a transaction for 1 BTC you don't own (or didn't own at some point), and you cannot lie about anything prior to the point that the receiver most recently went offline.
Ultimately it is up to the receiver to determine how much potential risk they are willing to accept for the amount of time they have been offline, combined with the likelihood that you are in a position to try and scam them in the first place and the value of the scam. Those will all be highly situational.
@_date: 2017-12-14 22:41:59
It's also the most efficient queuing method.
@_date: 2017-12-15 17:28:01
Queuing theory in general says otherwise; a single/combined queue is the most efficient mathematically. But that's in the context of scheduling CPU processes... maybe real-life factors for humans muddies that :)
@_date: 2018-08-23 03:23:01
EasyDNS is my fav
@_date: 2018-08-14 16:47:01
OK so I agree that grammatical mistakes like this would typically be a red-flag because if the author can't be bothered to get simple things like spelling correct, how can we trust *any* of their fact checking?
*However*, that gets a little less clear-cut when dealing with an article obviously originally written in a different language by a non-native English speaker. And in this particular case, the work is mostly not an opinion piece but rather a fact-based news article. It references hard data from tweets and public financial statements that are relatively easy to verify/fact-check, and mostly quotes the opinions of subject experts and not the author (except for maybe the bit at the end).
In short, this article/author appears to be solid and reliable in this case, but could obviously benefit from finding a better translator.
@_date: 2014-02-25 02:48:08
The compelling argument is that transaction malleability is not a thing you can steal 750,000 BTC with. So either a) the document is fake or b) the document is real and someone at Gox is trying to hide an insider theft of 750,000 BTC using FUD. Either way, the document is bullshit.
@_date: 2015-01-10 16:59:25
+1, big fan of EasyDNS. I love the way they handled the [Wikileaks thing](
@_date: 2017-08-12 17:30:43
I mean funnily enough, if he dropped 175k into BTC at $580/coin, he should have been a cryptomillionaire back when BTC was at $3300. If it took him until now ($3700) to become a cryptomillionaire, he basically did nothing but lose money on all his trading :)
@_date: 2017-08-24 00:22:06
Not when he's wrong. And it's been mostly an ideological argument anyway.
@_date: 2017-08-23 23:17:10
Sure, but by the definition being pushed, there are NO Bitcoin Core projects other than the released prod version of the Bitcoin Core client. And that's fine, I wasn't arguing that this is an invalid way to look at it.
However, it's not an entirely accurate view of how many people in the space perceive the concept of "bitcoin core" either. For many, "bitcoin core" is simply a short hand way of talking about what bitcoin core devs are doing, since what they are doing is highly relevant to what might end up in the Bitcoin Core client release at some point. They are subject matter experts with keen insight into whatever problem they are working on as it relates to Bitcoin. The ideas that make it into the core client come from their collective mindset. To pretend what the devs work on is *not* highly relevant to the possible future direction of Bitcoin's core client is silly and naive.
I mean hell, SegWit was just Pieter's pet project too until, here we are, 2 years later and it's officially a critical part of Bitcoin Core.
@_date: 2017-08-25 17:01:14
I believe his point was that you (presumably in the original) used a dot for BOTH the large number separator AND for the decimal mark in "25.6". Which is not a convention anywhere AFAIK...
(Not that I know if you did, I never saw it, but that's what it sounds like he's trying to say :)
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:56:27
Lau moved to doing LTC dev because of his interest in leveraging segwit. He explicitly pointed out he's not abandoning BTC, and in fact said the same thing I want to say now... BTC dev is slow. That's just in its nature. Everything spoonnet did remains valid and useful and will be super-helpful when it comes time to plan a BTC hard-fork in the future.
@_date: 2017-08-23 19:16:34
I don't know why people are so bad at explaining it. They start talking about block weight and how blocks aren't measured in MB anymore and a bunch of other shit that is totally irrelevant except from a technical implementation perspective.
The easy to digest explanation is this:
Segwit is a block size increase. Instead of increasing it to a fixed value, it increases the block size for a single block DYNAMICALLY to anywhere between 1MB and 4MB. The exact size of any given block is figured out using a rule no one but developers care about. In layman's terms it boils down to "the max size of a block depends on the types of transactions being included in that block". A best-guess based on simulation, etc., is that an average mix of transactions will produce a max block size of around 2MB.
See bitcoin peeps? Didn't even have to use the word "weight" a single fucking time.
@_date: 2017-08-24 15:52:37


Yes, I know that. This is why you guys fail so badly at explaining this. NOBODY CARES. Nobody cares what the technical implementation was who is asking this kind of question originally. Nobody even knows what blocksize means NOW.
Is it a literal increase of the old MAX_BLOCK_SIZE constant? No. But is that relevant to an accurate overview of what segwit accomplishes for non developers? Definitely not.
For all intents and purposes, block size now means whatever a segwit supporting client says it means, and it now means a dynamic block size of 1 to 4MB depending on the transaction types stored in the block.


Again, you are thinking about block size from a literal developer's point of view. It's not wrong to say segwit increases the block size. It's wrong to think that the 95% of non-developers asking what has happened have any clue what the old technical definition of block size used to be. Segwit has redefined what block size means. The details of how that redefinition occurred are irrelevant to almost everyone.
@_date: 2017-08-10 14:54:56
LTC's utility is to be ASIC-resistant using a novel (at the time) PoW. Sort of worked out, and definitely spawned a whole line of crypto's aiming for the same goal.
Multiple other coins, like Ethereum, actually try to introduce new features in addition to different PoW schemes as part of their utility.
For a crypto-currency to survive long-term in this ecosphere it needs to bring a different PoW or a seriously interesting set of features to the table.
BCH, at the moment, does neither. "Slightly larger blocks", despite being the focus of the Bitcoin world for 2+ years, is, on the grand scheme of new stuff being dropped into coins these days, basically no change at all.
And using the same PoW minable by the existing armada of Bitcoin ASIC's brings some serious problems to the coin that no other new crypto-currency has to face. At the moment, any value it has is almost entirely based on ideological speculation, which hardly seems like a stable baseline for a coin. OTOH, ETC is still chugging away with basically all the same issues, so what do I know...
@_date: 2017-08-31 22:33:04


ASIC design hadn't caught up to the state of the art for circuit-size. This made it an unattractive field for any established HW mfg trying to break into the field.
Now that it has reached parity with general silicon sizes, I would not at all be surprised to see a lot more competition in this space start coming out of the woodwork over the next few years.
@_date: 2017-08-23 23:20:56
Yeh my edit didn't stick originally. Fixed (again).
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:52:11
They should have left already to a pool that shares fees, TBH...
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:54:11
How would that prevent empty blocks?
@_date: 2017-08-18 17:34:40
The problem I see is that BCH is currently better positioned to handle rapid swings in hashpower because of the EDA change. A few cycles of big hashpower swings between chains might leave BTC backlogged and its users frustrated, providing an overall trend to adopt the (potentially slightly more stable) BCH chain. That has a real chance to drive enough volume to the BCH chain to offset the downward pressure from increased mining.
I mean, at that point one would assume BTC would emergency fork an EDA-equivalent to cope, but even just pushing BTC to the necessity of doing so would be a pretty major "cultural victory" for BCH at this point.
EDIT: This is all of course ignoring the implications of EDA as a new attack vector for malicious miners trying to either disrupt the chain or rational ones simply trying to maximize their profits. I'm assuming EDA will be net-beneficial for BCH, but of course the opposite is also a possibility, since I don't think it's been exhaustively analyzed for the ways it can be manipulated once hashpower starts seriously looking at it as a potentially profitable chain to mine.
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:27:18
Spoonnet (the most recent and functional hard fork code I know of, written by a bitcoin core dev researching hard fork upgrades to Bitcoin) also goes for opt-in replay protection. For a network upgrade HF (which is what segwit2x is trying to be), this is not an unprecedented way to approach the problem.
EDIT: In the interest of clarity, I am amending this post to point out that Spoonnet is NOT core's "current hard-fork research line" because core does not have an official current hard-fork research line. Rather, Spoonnet was code written by a core dev, reviewed by at least one other core dev, and discussed by many other developers actively on the bitcoin-dev mailing list. It is, to my knowledge, the most recent and most complete example of a working hard fork with accompanying code, proposals, discussion, and testnet data produced by any direct member of the Bitcoin Core team. Therefore the technical choices they made in researching and producing a network upgrade hard fork (to wit, opt-in replay protection) are very central to the "rationale" of why BTC1 might *also* choose to use opt-in replay protection. I think that should cover all of the possible semantic ambiguity from my original statement.
@_date: 2017-08-23 23:53:41


Commits are not the only contribution made to core. Review and mailing list discussions are also highly important contributions. (EDIT: not to mention quality over quantity). Your specific metric is narrow and cherry-picked. Further, I don't even have to defend this point anyway. Dr. Lau has obviously contributed enough to be specifically highlighted on the Bitcoin Core website's team page. Obviously someone THERE thinks he has made sufficiently meaningful contributions to the project.
As for what constitutes a bitcoin core project, Dr. Lau undertook the Spoonnet stuff at the same time that several other core devs were also researching aspects of hard fork upgrades to the network (Peter Todd, Luke Jr, and even yourself made contributions to [that discussion]( The work was clearly NOT being done in a vacuum, but rather in an environment in which multiple core devs were looking seriously into the viability of a hard fork upgrade to Bitcoin.
As much as "bitcoin core" has ever looked at hard forks, that was the time and place it was done and the people involved in doing it. I mean, if you want to die on the hill where "bitcoin core" means ONLY "that which goes into the github repo for the Bitcoin Core client", fine. It ignores the entire vernacular usage of the idea of bitcoin core devs, but I get it. You can have that hill.
@_date: 2017-08-25 11:01:02
You can't trust anyone in Bitcoin and you can't guarantee what other people are seeing.
Bitcoin *already* includes the only viable incentive for rational miners to put transactions in blocks; fees. In order to mine that empty block, that miner forfeit something close to $25,000 in fees (the block mined after this one had almost 6 BTC in fees).
That means they are acting irrationally from a greed perspective. Either their motivations are greedy in a non-obvious way (e.g. this is the sort of thing one might expect to see if someone is mining with covert ASICboost), or else they are acting maliciously in an attempt to harm the network by reducing transaction capacity. Or, possibly, they are just incompetent.
@_date: 2017-08-18 17:27:38
Well that's the rub, isn't it? What do rational miners do when they can point their hardware at a more profitable but also more speculative and risky chain? Not forgetting that they must wait 100 blocks to spend newly mined coins and so must predict future trends to decide profitability.
How many miners have to switch to change the dynamics of that speculation? No one knows for sure, which is why this will be an interesting weekend :)
Further, ignore segwit and ignore the blocksize change for now, since both of those are actually irrelevant technical details in this argument IMO. The profit-seeking miners don't particularly care about those things.
The actual interesting technological advantage BCH has over BTC for this mining and hashpower perspective is the EDA change. This *potentially* gives BCH the more stable chain if hashpower is rapidly swapping back and forth to chase the most profitable coin of the moment.
Ultimately though, hard to judge the true impact that will have until we see it in practice.
@_date: 2017-08-10 14:45:31


@_date: 2017-08-12 17:18:47


The entire thing was designed from the ground up to be resistant to this. I mean, I get people are worried about losing out on the moonshot free money, but the actual utility and revolutionary use of Bitcoin isn't going anywhere no matter what the government does. That's kind of the only real point of the tech. Everything else since is just speculation and hype :)
@_date: 2017-08-30 14:57:17
Armory has most of these, and message signing :)
@_date: 2017-08-10 14:42:56
It's "generous" to purchase legal goods? Wow I'm downright philanthropic then...
@_date: 2017-08-11 16:39:24


For every public Bitcoin address, there is a related private key.
It's really easy to figure out the related public address if you have the private key. It's basically impossible to figure out the private key knowing only the public address.
When you create a new wallet, you are randomly picking a new private key (and ergo also the related public address). Since you are the only person (hopefully) who knows the private key you randomly picked, no one else can control the coins living at that public address.
Knowing the private key is *the entire and complete* proof of ownership and control of coins living at a public address.
It may seem like randomly picking a private key can't possibly be a secure way to do all of this, but it turns out "Math!". The number of possible private keys is mind-boggling-ly huge. The chance of someone randomly guessing the one *you* picked is mind-boggling-ly tiny (assuming you used a truly random process to pick it).
EDIT: To perspective-ize the mind-boggling-ly huge part... imagine you randomly pick a *single atom* from all of the atoms in the entire Milky Way galaxy. Then you challenge someone to guess which atom you picked. Guessing your private key is about a billion times harder than that.
EDIT2: The other neat math bit is you never have to tell anyone what your private key is to convince them that you know it. You can PROVE that *you* know the private key for a given public address without ever revealing the actual key. The point of an offline wallet is to store that private key offline on a machine so it can never be discovered. The only thing you ever export from that machine is the *proof* that you know the key (by signing a transaction), but never the actual key itself.
@_date: 2017-08-24 01:18:49
It is entirely an ideological, semantic argument over the meaning of "bitcoin core project". I understand nullc's opinion, I just disagree that he gets to define the meaning of the term. I know he'd like to, and I know he would love for it to have a technical hard-line where "bitcoin core project" means only those things that actually make it into the Bitcoin Core github. There is certainly nothing inherently *wrong* with that viewpoint; it's essentially an interesting case of linguistic prescriptivism.
I obviously don't subscribe to that viewpoint. As far as I'm concerned, calling the collective coordinated efforts of numerous core devs all working on the same general idea a "bitcoin core project" is perfectly within the realm of descriptive interpretation of that term. Spoonnet was one of many things that came out of a large number of core devs (5+) all putting effort into hard fork research at the same time with the same general goal. Calling that coordinated hard fork research a "bitcoin core project" is not a lie or a conspiracy. Calling one specific piece of that hard fork research (among many code iterations, discussions, reviews, BIP proposals, et. al) a "bitcoin core project" is not a stretch.
I understand it's not how nullc would like the term "bitcoin core" to be used, and in the interests of total clarity I've already changed the original post to be explicitly clear on the exact semantic meanings involved.
But as far as I'm concerned (owing to a preference to a descriptive view on language), Greg doesn't get to dictate what the community usage of the "bitcoin core" term means, no matter how much he'd like to, and as confusing as it can become, so the rest of this has just been a bunch of semantic nerd sniping between these two viewpoints.
@_date: 2017-08-30 14:26:11
No love for Armory?
EDIT: AFAIK the only thing on this list Armory doesn't do is bcash/s2x-sweeping. And I guess possibly "header monitoring" of forks. They may never have these things because of their clearly articulated [stance on forks](
@_date: 2017-08-23 23:59:55
As I said elsewhere, yes, that is the definition they would like to keep. "Bitcoin core" should mean nothing but whatever makes it into the bitcoin core github. That's fine, I understand the desire to try and limit its meaning to that.
It ignores the general perception at large, but I'm not unsympathetic to the desire to avoid the conflation, which is why I changed my original post.
@_date: 2017-08-23 19:49:35
Spoonnet is one of several hard fork research projects done by Bitcoin Core developers and discussed on the bitcoin-dev mailing list. Since "bitcoin core" is nothing more than the collective work of the developers who contribute to bitcoin core, Spoonnet is as much a part of any "official" core hard fork research as anything else.
Now I'm certain not every core dev would be in support of merging that "as-is" into the current Bitcoin Core client, but in the absence of a formal poll of every single bitcoin core dev on a hard fork no one is actively working on, things like the Spoonnet proposal (and other related hard fork research) are the most relevant examples of active discussion that core has had on the topic (and yes, I know who you are).
Lau's comment on his anti-replay stuff literally includes the quote "opt-in anti-replay for existing network transactions on the new network". Granted, I don't follow this stuff closely nor do I pretend to be an expert on this, but Lau's own description of his own anti-replay technique on Spoonnet using the network characteristic bit also includes this quote: "For users on both existing and new fork, anti-replay is an option, not mandatory."
@_date: 2017-08-30 15:19:46
The advantage doesn't go away even if every miner on the BCH chain is using it. You don't have an advantage against other BCH miners, but it is still highly relevant in determining whether that particular hardware is more profitable to use mining on the BCH chain or the BTC chain. ASICBOOST provides a flat reduction in electricity cost when you can use it vs not, so it's going to tip the break point for BCH vs BTC profitability away from the assumed value shown by something like fork.lol.
@_date: 2017-08-23 19:08:09
Because "Moore's law" has now become the idiot's term for an exponential growth curve as applied to anything even remotely smelling like tech. On the plus side it's a positive and easy to find indicator that you can ignore an article completely as being written by someone clueless on the subject matter :)
@_date: 2017-08-15 22:21:15
BIP39/BIP44 mnemonic conversions of BIP32 seeds is not a 1-1 thing on the word list. There are some permutations happening beyond that (key stretching).
Also, Electrum has been using the standard BIP39 English 2048 wordlist for a while now (since at least 2.0). The ~1600 list was from when Electrum did its own seed generation thing prior to the BIP39/BIP44 standards.
EDIT: Electrum seed generation entropy spelled out [here]( but the claim is 135 bits so about 10^40 space.
@_date: 2017-08-23 20:47:54
There is of course no meaning to "what Bitcoin Core thinks". There is only what the various contributing devs to the Bitcoin Core project think. It's a short-hand used often enough around here, but I have amended my post to make this explicitly clear just in case...
@_date: 2017-08-30 15:06:55
I haven't seen a comprehensive study. The [few posts]( I've read on it are basically going off timing (large transaction influx associated with certain key events/announcements) as well as a plethora of transactions that look like [this]( (for which it is hard to think of a legitimate use).
Of course it's basically impossible to define or confirm spam in the mempool; one man's spam is another man's valid transaction :)
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:20:34
I'm not sure who you meant to reply to? This thread (and my reply) has nothing to do with the hash-power oscillations between BTC &amp; BCH.
@_date: 2017-08-18 19:09:55
Those advantages are irrelevant until BTC becomes unusable, which only happens if enough hashpower suddenly migrates to BCH for profitability reasons that are not particularly tied to transaction volume (other than in how it influences the speculative price of BCH, but honestly that's a pretty loose tie ATM).
Outside of that, no one cares about those things at the current scale differences between BCH and BTC. There are already dozens of alt-coins accepted by tons of merchants with practically no fees and faster transaction times than even BCH, and no one uses those either because BTC is still "good enough".
@_date: 2017-11-08 23:13:03
We have no idea if he put *all* his cash into anything. He doesn't say he did, and we don't know what he's worth.
He didn't put *any* cash into a technology that didn't exist. He put cash into a futures market with terms based on an upcoming fork that might or might not occur, of which all possible outcomes were baked into the terms of that vehicle. No one buying B2X futures was unaware of what was going to happen to the value in any possible scenario.
@_date: 2017-11-14 22:15:45
Miners send their coinbase transaction to a specific address. This would be no different; the coinbase transaction would contain the address desired but no coins would go there except during the actual "payout" block, which would look back a certain number of blocks to collate those addrs. No additional miner identification would be required beyond what is already provided already.
@_date: 2017-11-13 14:01:02
To kill forks. Any fork without majority hash-power is intended to languish and die. There's also some malicious scenarios where minority hash-power can partition the network while trying to attack a subset of transactions that are made much more difficult by the long re-target time.
That said, an abundance of real-world experience with other adjustment algorithms across a multitude of altcoins certainly suggests there may be better options, but any such change would require a hard-fork so would have to bring spectacular benefits (or fix spectacular drawbacks) before it could realistically gain consensus.
@_date: 2017-11-14 07:59:38
Then he should have said *that* instead of trying to create a false equivalence with drug possession, when in reality the two situations are completely different (e.g. you can produce drugs without abusing anyone).
Don't put words in his mouth to try and defend him.
@_date: 2017-11-14 22:26:49


I'm essentially talking about a share-style system, like pools use, where each block becomes a share, and actual "payout" blocks happen less frequently. If you are mining "unpaid" blocks at your regular hashrate, you should statistically get the same overall payout over time.
Sure, you'll keep getting paid when you are gone from the chain, but those payments are rewards for *previous* mining done anyway, simply delayed.  But your average payout per block mined *when you come back to the chain* will be lower than if you had stayed on the chain, until you "catch up" on shares. If your intention is to only leave for a short time and return, it makes that much less economically viable on a small timescale.
Basically, as-is, a miner mines Chain1 from T0 to T1 (assuming T0 was very far in the past), leaves to Chain2 from T1 to T2, then comes back to Chain1 after T2. They get paid exactly proportional to their hash-rate on Chain1 from T0 to T1 and also *immediately* after returning at T2.
In a share-based system of some kind, they get paid exactly proportional to their hash-rate on Chain1 from T0 to T1 (though the payments are delayed somewhat), but after they leave and come back at T2 they are *NOT* being paid proportional to their hash-rate. Not until they've hit T2+ramp and caught up on the ramp-up/share-window will they be getting full "value" for their hashrate on Chain1.
@_date: 2017-11-14 08:42:08
My point was simply that bringing *any* comparison with drug decriminalization to that particular argument is a mis-step from the get go. It's not a path you want to introduce at any point because the issues are quite different and it just ends up derailing the argument into exactly the kind of discussion we're having now :)
@_date: 2017-11-14 20:13:31
@_date: 2017-11-11 17:08:33
The only reasonably objective and comprehensive study I've seen on it (the Cornell one from 2016) suggests that, with current network topology, the maximum block size under ideal conditions that would not negatively impact decentralization is 4MB. That is not a suggested block size, but rather an upper bound.
So no, in theory, anything up to 4mb would not be too bad for the network.
But as to your question... we *have* 2mb blocks, right now. People can use segwit addresses to reduce fees and increase block capacity if those are truly important concerns to them. And, funny thing, segwit was designed to provide a dynamic block size from 1mb to 4mb, which happens to make it compatible with the Cornell results.
Your question becomes, would a hard fork to 2mb legacy size as a temporary solution really have been so bad? And the problem is, that ignores history and practicality. A hard fork is not a temporary solution to anything. It's easily a 6 month minimum turnaround for that, more realistically a year.
So if you look at the timelines your question basically becomes "Should core developers have chosen to hard fork to 2mb legacy size instead of choosing to work on SegWit?", because that's about how far back the decision would have had to be made for it to have any relevance on congestion *right now*. And that's obviously a very different question.
(My pointless opinion probably being the least popular of all, which is that I think core's mistake was making segwit a soft fork rather than going with the original hard fork plan for it, but that's a whoooole nother topic...)
@_date: 2017-11-09 17:58:18
... which is why "upgrade" was in quotes, to differentiate the qualitative nature of the term: is what they wanted to do better than existing?; from the procedural nature of the term: is the process they are attempting more accurately described as a process of trying to upgrade, or a process of trying to fork, the existing chain?
@_date: 2017-11-20 14:44:38
Ironically, :)
@_date: 2017-11-14 22:13:31
Fees drive them back but nothing punishes them for leaving. I'm wondering if there is a way to incentive staying on the chain in the first place, not simply rewarding miners with increased fees after the chain has languished with slow blocks.
@_date: 2017-11-14 08:51:57
I'm not arguing from a point of re-victimization, I'm arguing from a point of demand inducing supply. Generally speaking it seems as though enough people are perfectly happy to commit murder for totally unrelated reasons, recording it as a by-product, in order to satisfy whatever latent demand exists for snuff. I would argue that is not necessarily a true statement for the demand/supply of CP, in contrast.
@_date: 2017-11-14 08:25:12
Yeh, I know, and the idea of art being thoughtcrime bugs me too. But I *really* don't want to get into a protracted discussion on the gradations of CP on reddit. 
@_date: 2017-11-14 20:20:52
Mining power didn't shift away because it was centralized. Mining power shifted away because another coin with the same algo was more profitable to mine. *MOST* miners made the rational, correct choice to maximise their profits by switching to the more profitable coin.
Changing the algo won't actually prevent that scenario from re-occurring. Changing the DAA won't either, though it would allow BTC to adapt more quickly to rapid hash swings (though at the potential loss of the reasons for the 2-week period having been set in the first place).
Altcoins that share a PoW deal with the same issue, with the caveat that they don't care how insecure their chains have become when they lose massive amounts of hash-power because they are all low profile coins.
Honestly I've been wondering if some kind of block reward change that favors loyalty would be plausible. No change to the expected long term payouts statistically, but some kind of lookback on previously mined blocks so that the block reward is spread amongst the payout addrs of the last x mined blocks rather than entirely to the current block. It would essentially create a payout "ramp up" when you come back to mining BTC, which would effectively punish miners who abandon the chain in search of short-term profitability. I dunno though I haven't thought this through carefully at all, just spit-balling...
@_date: 2017-11-14 22:32:41
The exact same process would be applied to fees. Fees from all blocks would "pile up" until a "payout" block is found, and would payout proportional to the x previous blocks/unpaid "shares" just like the block reward. Off the top of my head I can't think of a scenario that would encourage a miner to somehow "game" this; picking the highest fees for every block should still be the optimal choice.
@_date: 2017-11-14 22:30:07
You can't. It only works over long time scales/large hash rates as a statistical average. This is the part that I have no idea if it would actually work out at a reasonable scale with acceptable variance based on current numbers and hashrates and pool sizes; I have not crunched any numbers on that at all.
You *could* do things like reducing the difficulty target to produce blocks much faster, on average, without changing the payout schedule. This is essentially making it more likely that miners can find unpaid blocks (shares) with less variance that more accurately reflect their hashrate.
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:09:21
I survived testicular cancer at 19 and have no actual left ball. Why don't you donate some of your Bitcoin riches (you *did* hodl, right?) to some place like  instead of actually eating your left nut. I think this would be an acceptable out :)
@_date: 2017-11-09 04:54:10
Which client? Each implementation has its own method for tracking the current set of unspent outputs. You are asking for details without context.
EDIT: Also, a double-spend is not a valid output from a previous txn because a *valid* output is by definition an unspent output (e.g. not also an input to another txn that has been recorded in the blockchain). A double-spend in mempool before the next block is written is entirely a procedural problem about txn propagation and the only correct answer is that whichever of the conflicting ephemeral txn's a miner decides to include in the next block, by ANY CRITERIA THEY CHOOSE, determines the next valid UTXO set. Bitcoin has some guidelines about how we'd *like* miners to include conflicting txn's, but they can make any choice they want.
@_date: 2017-11-14 08:22:36
Yeh... blegh. Reading twitter hurts my brain and reading screenshots of twitter hurts it more.
@_date: 2017-11-14 23:21:01
I'm firmly in the camp that PoS is just obfuscated PoW. I do agree that other cryptos have lots of useful ideas for BTC to steal, though. Just not sure that is one of them :)
@_date: 2017-11-08 23:27:46
Actually, you can't. Investing in lottery tickets is not a good idea EVEN IF YOU WIN THE LOTTERY, for instance.
We also don't know if he lost *everything*. His article pretty clearly spells out his expected maximum possible loss, and he seems OK with that, so either he's fine with losing everything or, far more likely, this is just one of many investments he's made on this turmoil.
@_date: 2017-11-14 08:05:36


I hear that.
@_date: 2017-11-09 18:11:45
OK the comment you were replying to was talking about Segwit, so I don't know how BTG got into the convo. So I'll just stop here :)
@_date: 2017-11-12 00:41:55


This is a bit inaccurate. What matters to them is that a SHA256 coin rises and gains in popularity. There is no reason that coin is *required* to be BTC.
@_date: 2017-11-12 00:48:13
It doesn't matter. The relevant change will be tomorrow, when the BCH difficult adjustment hits and BTC is once again the profitable coin to mine. All the hash-power minus a smidge will be back on BTC within about 24hrs, as usual, as has happened about 4 times now previously when the BCH EDA kicks in or it otherwise becomes the more profitable coin to mine for whatever reason.
This current pump is completely predictable because it is the *last* low-difficulty/EDA-abusing pump the miners will be able to execute on the BCH chain before their fork on Monday to fix these EDA oscillations.
@_date: 2017-11-10 06:53:05


That one.
@_date: 2017-11-15 00:10:38
To kill forks. BTC is very hostile to shared-PoW forks, on purpose. Any competing fork/chain that does not have majority hashpower is *supposed* to die, unambiguously, to prevent there from being any confusion about which chain is valid or split of hashpower on the network.
It also affects the ability to perform a certain style of attack, where minority hash-rate can try to partition people off the network and then "fake" a real chain and ultimately rollback/double-spend those transactions. The long re-target period makes that class of attack more difficult to pull off.
That said, if altcoins have taught us anything, it's that the retarget period could probably be tweaked successfully if we really wanted to. However that would require a hardfork so it would have to bring quite substantial benefit to make it to the table.
@_date: 2017-11-13 21:06:44
I'm still trying to figure out how BTG got any traction at all. It's so clearly a scam from top to bottom, there can't possibly be that many stupid people with that much BTC to lose floating around out there that haven't already been scammed out of their money by now...
@_date: 2017-11-14 22:14:35
It would have to be balanced out but if you ramp-up to the current average payout over the course of, say, one week, it is not going to considerably change the expected lifetime payout of a mining machine.
@_date: 2017-11-14 08:31:22


True statements are never trolls. You seem pretty confident in ascribing (the worst possible) motive to strangers you don't know on the internet. It's like paranoid schizophrenia-level delusion.
Inconvenient truths aren't concern trolls, *even in* the few minority cases where the intention of pointing out those truths is malicious (a motivation assumed *far* too liberally). Calling something concern trolling is the reddit equivalent of sticking your fingers in your ears and going "lalalalalalala I CAN'T HEAR YOU". It is the most childish and ridiculous response imaginable, and does not speak well of the person claiming it.
EDIT: Don't get me wrong, a few specific threads may eventually devolve into whataboutism and gish gallop, at which point it is obvious what the intentions are. But you actually have to let the argument get to that point before you can assume a motive, and we already have words for the kinds of tactics that are deployed at that level. But just carte blanche pre-filtering things you don't want to hear as "concern trolls" is one of the worst kinds of echo chamber behaviors you can hobble yourself with.
@_date: 2017-11-08 23:02:00
The price of the future in the case the fork was called off was well known. Anyone buying this future knew EXACTLY what they were getting. If they didn't like the terms, don't invest. You can't expect to realize a possible 10x gain without understanding that it is an inherently risky investment. The potential reward is *because* of the risk.
The futures market is not the problem. Anyone who didn't grok that is going to lose their money one way or another, regardless of the investment vehicles offered.
@_date: 2017-11-14 08:47:06
In most of those cases, the video is not the product, it's only an incidental recording of something that was going to happen anyway. That is not an argument that can be made for some (though probably not all) CP, where the recording *is* the product and demand for the product is inducing harm where none might otherwise happen.
@_date: 2017-11-14 20:29:17


I think it might be possible to change the payout structure to reward loyalty (or, more accurately, to punish infidelity). A system that looks back and spreads payouts to addrs across multiple blocks rather than all of the block reward going to that specific miner could potentially encourage mining loyalty on the chain. New miners coming online would have a payout ramp-up where they are making less than average, which would punish miners who abandon the chain for short-term profits.
@_date: 2017-11-09 17:46:09
The functional implementation has been available for a year and the BIPs for almost two years, so... I'm not sure what you're trying to say here?
@_date: 2017-11-14 22:59:10
Again, all rational miners should have switched to the more profitable chain. It doesn't matter how decentralized your miners are if the only rational choice for *all* of them ends up being the same.
When you share PoW with another chain, that is just how rational miners would be expected to behave; they hop to the most profitable chain. Even if they *prefer* a specific coin long term, it *still* makes more sense to hop to the more profitable chain short term and then use those profits to buy the coin you prefer.
Now sure, the more decentralized the mining the more likely that at least some of those miners act "irrationally". But we already saw that in BTC; lots of pools/miners did NOT switch to the more profitable chain as it was.
@_date: 2017-11-08 23:16:21


Have you ever made an 85k investment with a possible 6x return over 2 months? If yes, you took the same risk pretty much by definition. Maybe it worked out for you, but the risk was no better. If no, then who cares? This guy's risk tolerance was apparently higher than yours, but that doesn't make him stupid.
@_date: 2017-11-09 03:58:51
That's what every single node on the network is busy doing. Each and every full node is responsible for its own validation. That means checking that every input to a txn in the latest block is a valid output from a previous txn, and that each block has valid signatures and hashes. That's why syncing a full node requires fetching every single block since the beginning of bitcoin (the genesis block) before it can trust ANYTHING in the most recent block.
A node that finds an inconsistency will reject the block as invalid. That's what bitcoin consensus *is*.
If you want to see the details look at the source code of any of the various open-source bitcoin clients that perform this process. Each typically has their own code for doing this validation.
@_date: 2017-11-14 22:44:56
All a new difficulty algorithm can accomplish is make it so that the chain recovers more quickly from a dramatic loss of hash-power. It does nothing to address the *security implications* of a dramatic loss of hash-power.
If tomorrow BTC loses 90% of its hash-power, the problem is *not* slow blocks or having to wait longer until the next DA period (I mean, that *will also* be a problem, but from my perspective it's a small annoyance of a problem).
The truly frightening consequence IMO is that, when the next DA period arrives and the difficulty adjusts down and BTC continues to mine new blocks and build its lower-difficulty chain, that chain is *inherently vulnerable* to the 90% of hash-power that is "lurking" out there.
At any point the new, lower-difficulty chain history could be wiped out by a coordinated attack among some subset of that 90%. A two-pronged attack of that sort would be completely feasible for a state-level entity.
@_date: 2017-11-14 22:12:16
I'm not talking about simply delaying the reward. I'm talking about effectively making a share-style system *on the blockchain*. Like in a simplistic example approach, change it so that instead of a block reward paying out with every block, instead it only pays out randomly (based on some deterministic rule on the block hash) once every 60 blocks. The block payout at that 1/60 block would be 60x bigger, and would be assigned evenly to all the payout addrs over the previous 60 blocks.
It would essentially be the share-style/proportional-payout style used by many mining pools.
If you mine continuously and your true hash-power is accurately represented over the last 60 blocks, your average payout should not change. But if you stop mining the chain you will miss out on some of that reward and it will take 60 blocks of mining possibly 0 reward blocks before you finally catch up again to "full reward".
The idea would simply be that jumping from the chain in the short term would be less lucrative. In the case where a malicious chain with the same PoW is using economic incentives to try and subvert hash power, it would have to do so for a much longer period in order to successfully attract miners away from the chain.
If it's organic economic power on the 2nd chain, then so be it, nothing changes long term. Miners will eventually jump ship to the more profitable chain. But if it's manipulated economic power, sustaining that attack for days or weeks (depending on how much you spread out the block reward) might become difficult.
@_date: 2017-11-14 22:17:22


The ramp-up time would have to be balanced out to avoid significant negative effects here, sure. But I don't think, say, a week-long ramp would seriously discourage any new miners from participating. A miner's lifetime payoff schedule is on the order of 12 to 18 months, last I saw any  on this.
@_date: 2017-11-08 22:57:41
So? People like this brought liquidity to the B2X futures market, which was essential in predicting market sentiment. Assuming he knew the incredibly risky nature of his investment, who cares? When promised astronomical returns all rational investors know the risk must be likewise astronomical.
@_date: 2017-11-14 23:17:16
Split 50/50 in the steady state, they would earn the same as now. The relevant question would be, if they wanted to move 50 to the other chain (to become 0/100), would they earn less during that switchover than with today's reward mechanism? For the idea to work, the answer should be yes. I don't know for sure if the answer *is* yes, this was just an off-the-cuff thing and I don't have time to do any kind of analysis right this moment.
But I'm essentially thinking of a [PPLNS]( system, with each 10-min block found becoming a share with no direct payout, and actual payout blocks becoming much less frequent. My understanding of PPLNS is that it does exactly what I'm suggesting; causes miners who have not been mining for the entire share window to receive less reward than their instantaneous hashrate would otherwise suggest.
@_date: 2017-11-17 20:19:47
Yeh I'm going to live in the world where Garzik took one for the team and intentionally sabotaged the btc1 code so that it would fail and kill S2X. He sacrificed his own reputation to make sure the fork died. We should be celebrating him as a hero!
I dunno if I can convince myself to believe this but I know I will be happier about humanity if I do :)
@_date: 2017-11-08 23:05:46
No, it was exactly an upgrade. An ill-informed contentious upgrade without consensus, sure, but still an upgrade. 2X was never meant to be a fork; only one chain was expected to survive the process.
@_date: 2017-11-14 22:56:08


I dunno, that's a tough sell to me. The total hashrate on the network is pretty variable in the short-term, I assume due to local/daily electricity costs that make only part-time mining viable in some places. Sure, it's possible that the run-up spike was centrally coordinated, but it's equally possible that it was just the normal hashrate variance.
@_date: 2017-11-08 22:51:30
Segwit changes the block size limit to a dynamically scaling value that is dependent on the mix of new (segwit) and existing transaction types in each block. The maximum possible dynamic block size is 4MB for a particularly pathological mix of transactions, with an average mix expected (long term) to hit around 1.8MB. Clients that don't understand segwit txn's see only a 1MB portion of the new dynamic block size.
It does all this through a block weight scheme that is irrelevant to the english language description of bitcoin.
While segwit may not be a direct increase of the old MAX_BLOCK_SIZE constant (which no longer exists), there is no english parsing human on the planet that can successfully argue it is not a "block size increase". You can literally see the larger blocks bouncing around the network.
@_date: 2017-11-08 23:24:29
If the B2X fork happened and succeeded, BTC goes to 0 and B2X takes the crown. Honestly 6x is a bit low; with a $1000 futures option it would more arguably have been a 10x return by the end of the year.
You can't really stop loss the future because its value goes *straight* to zero if the fork completely fails. That was an inherent risk to the terms of the vehicle, which was part of the risk generating such a high potential return.
As for hedging his bet, we have no idea what other investments he placed to offset the possible losses here, so it's impossible to judge his entire strategy from the small picture we've been given.
EDIT: But fine whatever, we want to bash rational actors in the market for their differing opinions in order to celebrate our victory, fine. Yay red team! Boo blue team!
@_date: 2017-11-18 20:13:39
I love that all the sources on that are wiki and ancestry.com. Do people not understand how actual research works anymore?
@_date: 2017-11-11 16:40:12
Well, no... Bitcoin was meant to be a trust-less, permission-less, decentralized, p2p currency. If all you want is the currency part, there were, are, and will always be better and more efficient options. VISA processes millions of TPS.
Anything that changes Bitcoin to drop those critical properties is creating something ultimately pointless.
Now you can argue that BCH or a small interim blocksize increase doesn't threaten those properties of Bitcoin, sure. People may not agree, but there are at least valid points to be made.
But if you just want to argue that Bitcoin should be a better currency at *any* cost, well, then no, that's not what Bitcoin was *ever* intended for.
@_date: 2017-11-14 22:51:03
PoW is very secure. But unfortunately when more than one chain shares the same PoW, and mass amounts of hardware exist that can mine that PoW, you have to take into consideration the attack vectors using economic or other means of reducing the total PoW on a chain prior to attacking it directly.
A state-level entity would struggle to spin up 75% of the BTC current hash-rate overnight without being noticed. But it *could* feasibly fork off competing chains with economic incentives to draw miners away from the target chain, then eventually attack that chain with far lower relative hash-rate that was small enough to be covertly brought online.
Basically any time you are sharing PoW with other viable chains, things get much more complicated :)
@_date: 2017-11-08 23:20:20
No, it was exactly the same Bitcoin we have right now, with a change/"upgrade" to the maximum block weight. Nothing was downgraded or removed.
(Ignoring the fact that they didn't merge the changes from the very latest core release, which first of is not relevant because Bitcoin the consensus protocol (which is what they were attempting to upgrade) is not Bitcoin the core client, and secondly not merging changes a week before your client goes live is arguably not a horrible idea).
@_date: 2017-11-13 21:04:54
There's no such thing as "concern trolling" and using that term makes you look like a sensitive snowflake living in an echo chamber. Just FYI.
@_date: 2017-11-14 22:37:13
The payout would go equally to the addresses in previous blocks. You don't care to know who owns those addresses; they don't need to be correlated and you don't need to use the same address for multiple blocks. A miner simply doesn't get full payout for their relative hashpower until they've been mining a chain for the ramp-up time/payout window because they don't have as many relative blocks on the chain as they have relative hashpower until after the ramp-up time has passed.
@_date: 2017-11-14 20:05:14
Every single independent full node implementation is essentially a team doing protocol-level Bitcoin work. In addition to the many independent devs that regularly contribute to the bitcoin-core github.
EDIT: And on closer look that list isn't complete. They don't mention the Rust-based client from Parity, for instance. 
@_date: 2017-11-09 04:59:05
No you're confused, that's the codename for the next Ethereum wallet update...
@_date: 2017-11-14 07:57:36
Well, no, even *in context* it is a dramatic difference.
You can make heroin without abusing anyone. Grown adults can happily make heroin all day, so decriminalizing heroin (or any other drug) is truly a "victimless" issue.
You cannot make CP without abusing children. Full stop.
You simply cannot equate the decriminalization of possessing drugs with that of possessing CP. They are simply NOT equivalent.
I'm not saying a pure libertarian can't necessarily see reasons that possession laws carte blanche are bad, but these two specific instances/classes of them must be argued differently. Using one to justify the other is pretty bush tier, and doesn't speak well for VB's understanding of the topic.
@_date: 2019-12-11 18:13:38
So they claim that "it is difficult for the KeepKey team to do anything about this vulnerability without a hardware redesign".
But the details of the attack show that it depends on the fact that the firmware loads an encrypted version of the private key into SRAM before validating the PIN.
It seems like a simple code change to not load the private key into SRAM before a PIN validation would make this attack much more difficult. At minimum you'd have to brute-force the PIN on the device itself and that should be something the application firmware can detect and mitigate.
@_date: 2018-11-20 16:23:01
I mean, using Archie to search for documents on the Internet in 1991 was not exactly convenient either. And yet, here we are.
From a technological standpoint Bitcoin is still in its infancy. It has real, unique, valuable properties you cannot find in any other technology. People invested in Bitcoin for the long term believe those properties are fundamentally important and will remain so in the future.
People have an inaccurate view of how long it takes to bring an actually *new* technology to the mainstream, because they are often misled into thinking incrementally boring steps are revolutionary. And of course, those happen *fast*.
Arpanet was established in 1969. It took 20 years to get to the point of baseline academic internet functionality, and another 15 to get something even moderately resembling the technological wonder we take for granted today.
If you think the state of Bitcoin today suggests a useless, failed technology then I guess just don't even bother. You have no vision worth mentioning. 
"If you don't believe me or don't get it, I don't have time to try to convince you, sorry".
EDIT: I obv meant to reply to the other guy but I'm too lazy to move this comment now.
@_date: 2018-11-22 17:33:37
The problem with analogies, particularly with radically different techs, is they can lead to invalid conclusions. I think where you've taken this is an example.


I'd argue that investing in Bitcoin is more like investing in TCP/IP, if such a thing had been possible, where in our stretched analogy IP is the fundamental technological concepts of crypto/blockchain and TCP is the Bitcoin-specific implementation of it.
Of course with the net, that wasn't a realistic option, but because of the unique nature of crypto, investing in the *base* of the stack is not only an option, it's in fact a necessary condition for the whole thing to work. Without the financial incentive attached to the base layer the entire thing falls apart.
We *still* use TCP/IP to underpin the whole infrastructure today. Not because it is the best protocol but because it was the first working agreed upon option and has since become the most ubiquitous by far. Moving away from it is more expensive than putting up with its limitations. You can call me a maximalist but that's where I see Bitcoin still being in 20 years. Underpinning the whole infrastructure of most everything else built on crypto.
The equivalent to Archie in our analogy would be more like LN or other 2nd layer stuff. And sure, I have no idea if LN is the Archie or the HTTP of this broken analogy :) It could be wildly successful and open up new horizons of usage or it might just be a blip on the roadside of failed developments.


Of course. But since this has already happened more than once and not yet displaced Bitcoin, it's not an unreasonable bet. We've already seen some "UDP/IP" contenders come along that will likely have a permanent niche in future crypto infrastructure, but nothing has come close to denting the first-mover advantage for Bitcoin. The network effect is real and critical, and just like TCP/IP, every time someone builds a new thing on top of Bitcoin it gets that much less likely that it will be trivially replaced by something as boring as a minor technological improvement.
And the reason for this is straightforward (to a maximalist, anyway), though it gets lost in the scams, hype, and ".com" nonsense of crypto. The only practical reason crypto exists is to have a system with attack-resistant, trust-less, and permission-less transactions. It is literally the least efficient method imaginable to manage transactions if you don't care about those properties. And on those properties alone it is *extremely* difficult to displace Bitcoin because to do so would mean starting from scratch on several of those issues.
@_date: 2018-11-20 16:25:47


Based on?
@_date: 2019-01-13 21:21:04


No. Blockchain only works if rational actors have an economic incentive to spend energy to secure the chain. That is what the BTC part provides. There is no defense against attack except for the COST OF THE ATTACK.
If a particular blockchain does not provide an economic incentive to secure the chain then it is pointless. It's just a shitty distributed database reliant on trust and goodwill.
@_date: 2019-01-14 23:55:39


That is a gross oversimplification of what he found and in no way changes the basic macro-economic expectations around profit-seeking behavior.


Blockchain/BTC *only* has any value (technical _or_ monetary) because it solves an otherwise unsolveable problem using economic incentive. By definition the energy is not _wasted_ because the energy is used to make the chain resistant to an attack. Attacking the chain requires as much energy and then some as was used to secure it.
That's it. That is the entire purpose of Bitcoin/blockchain/cryptocurrency -- to replace the trust required in a 3rd party that is usually required when dealing with a distributed consensus with a trust-less system based on macro profit-seeking behaviors and real, physical energy expenditure. Trustless distributed consensus is unsolvable without this key component.
And yes, we're focusing on the tech and about this specific technical point because for *any* use-case that does not have trustless distributed consensus as a requirement you are *better off* with a different technical solution. It will be cheaper, faster, easier, more efficient, etc.
Whether the economic model of BTC will continue to work given that essential point is far beyond my realm of expertise. But you simply cannot talk about Bitcoin without understanding the basic technical fact that blockchain has NO INTRINSIC VALUE without the economic component that secures the chain against attack. Everything interesting about Bitcoin derives from that *single* technical property, because it's the only unique thing about it.
Any blockchain tech that does not capture an equivalent incentive is de facto pointless. Blockchain tech can exist independently of BTC, sure, but *only* if an equivalent mechanism is used to make the trustless distributed consensus resistant to attack. A blockchain that doesn't solve that problem using a replacement for BTC is a pointless technical disaster that exists on hype, VC's, and ".com-ism".
@_date: 2019-01-30 00:56:41
They *did* try to help him. They gave him as much heads up as they can legally manage that all of his assets are clearly about to be frozen (presumably pending criminal investigation). They gave him a chance to recover at least some of his assets into anonymous crypto before that happened. He was too stupid to read between the lines and came to post on reddit instead.
@_date: 2019-01-30 01:01:10
Kraken did everything they legally could to warn this guy his accounts are about to be frozen (and that his bank account probably already *is* frozen), and even gave him a chance to get some of his assets out into crypto before that happened.
We can only speculate as to why the OP's assets are being frozen, but by far the most likely answer is that one or more governments believe the money is related to illegal activity. I make no moral judgement on this other than to say that the OP is a fucking moron for coming to bitch on reddit rather than reading between the lines and getting his crypto out while the getting was good, especially since he (presumably) already knows *exactly* why his assets might get frozen.
@_date: 2017-09-06 13:57:32
You are in position A with two choices available. Choice 1 puts you in position A1, with possible returns of anywhere from 0 to 100, and an expected return of 85. Choice 2 puts you in position A2, with possible returns of anywhere from 70 to 90, with expected return of 80.
You are arguing that because of the higher expected return, position A1 is favorable. You are mostly wrong; any rational analysis of the variance and risk will tend to favor A2.
But you be you and do what you want :)
@_date: 2017-09-06 14:38:14
Yes. Lost bitcoins is just part of the overall deflationary pressure, but it's still only one piece of that puzzle. The question "can a deflationary currency like Bitcoin still work?" is a more interesting place to start, but its answer is not dependent on the fate of lost coins :)
@_date: 2017-09-25 18:07:45
The main practical difference is that a hardware wallet (like Trezor or Ledger) does everything you need for proper offline cold storage in a user friendly &amp; secure as possible manner using only the most minimal of hardware (cost) required.
As for the process, sending stuff from any offline wallet, you'll have some kind of "watch only"/"read only" wallet on your regular PC/online device. You will use that to create an unsigned (not authorized) transaction. Then you use the offline/cold-storage device to sign the transaction.
In the case of a hardware wallet, that's usually by plugging it into your PC by USB and entering your passphrase/PIN. In the case of an offline PC or something, you'd have to boot up the offline device, transfer the transaction over to it (usually by USB stick), sign it, and get it back to your online device.
Conceptually though, there is no difference. An offline laptop or hardware wallet all fundamentally do the same thing. They hold your private keys (encrypted) and have some kind of software or firmware that lets you sign a transaction based on those private keys without ever exposing them.
But to properly harden a cold-storage laptop or hard drive is actually a lot of work. You'd have to remove all radios (bluetooth &amp; wifi), add some EM shielding, do all sorts of things with the OS setup to ensure you don't leak decrypted information into RAM or swap that could be recovered physically, etc. Hardware wallets generally try to do all that by design without any extra effort :)
@_date: 2017-09-25 18:44:59
Any time you have private keys, you will have a separate, independent, safely stored backup of those private keys. The private keys stored in your hardware wallet are no exception.
Usually this is done by writing down a list of words used by the BIP39 key generation mechanism, but Trezor/Ledger may do something different for their backup, I don't actually know what their backups look like. This is essentially a "paper wallet". It's up to you to keep this totally safe and secure. Some people go as far as to use [something like this]( for that.
In the event you lose your hardware (or any of the other things you mentioned), you can recover your private keys from that backup.
@_date: 2017-10-21 16:33:19
I'll just check my crystal ball and get right back to you...
@_date: 2017-10-27 04:12:41
I honestly wonder if it's an intentional troll post, it's too perfectly crafted to aggravate the paranoid perceptions about Maybe we're all just missing the implied /s.
@_date: 2017-09-06 14:12:43
Standard MBA stuff I guess? I dunno, anything with MBA prep math would have more details on this.  looks OK.
Important bit is there is no right answer, there is only the point that looking at expected return *only* is insufficient. You need to consider the variance/deviation of that expected return to get a better picture. Your choice is still down to your personal risk tolerance though.
(EDIT: And, to be clear, being "risk averse" is not a binary thing nor is it a bad thing. Everyone is literally and rationally risk averse, in the sense that no one tolerates risks unacceptable to them. However, your personal threshold for risk acceptance may be different to others, and that's fine. But claiming to be blind to risk entirely is not a positive thing; it means you are ignoring important information in your analysis).
@_date: 2017-10-23 00:13:15
How is the price of the USD determined?
@_date: 2017-09-06 15:07:11
Sure but it would literally have to be *all* coins lost for it to matter, which realistically is only going to happen if the protocol is irrevocably broken somehow (which is a real possibility, sure, but if we are worrying about that there are many other ways it might all come tumbling down :).
As long as even some bitcoins are OK, we can always just subdivide those that remain into smaller and smaller units.
@_date: 2017-09-03 17:22:02
You have data you want to share with other people, but you don't trust any of them individually and you don't trust any central authority either. How can you share data in a way that everyone involved agrees and trusts that they all have the same data? This is not a new problem; in Computer Science it is (mostly) summed up as the [Byzantine Generals' Problem](
Blockchain is a class of possible solutions to this problem. There can be different nuances to the approaches, but all blockchain solutions consist of blocks of data broadcast to a P2P network and then "locked-in" to a historic chain of blocks using cryptographic hashes.
Blockchain is a method for producing "distributed trustless consensus":
* distributed : There is no central authority. Everyone in the network has enough information about the system to be able to decide for themselves whether they should trust the data they have.
* trustless: Each network participant does not expect every other network participant to behave. It is assumed that other participants may lie or attempt to subvert others' view of the data, so the system must work in spite of that.
* consensus: Everyone in the network has a complete view of the data, and enough information to determine whether the data they have is in *consensus* with (i.e. matches) the data every other honest participant in the network has. (In this case I only care about honest participants, because dishonest participants can only successfully lie to themselves, not to me or to other honest participants).
Blockchain accomplishes this through various cryptographic maths and a proof-of-work (PoW) idea. PoW is really the key bit; it means that established consensus on data represents *real cost*. It takes real, expensive hardware and electricity to create the established consensus. Trying to change (attack) that consensus view after the fact requires a massive resource cost on par with the total size of the mining network in existence at the time. (Note: some other blockchain implementations try to replace PoW with other forms of proof. Not getting into that here.)
That is blockchain. In theory, *any* data could be stored in a blockchain. The Bitcoin blockchain in particular is used to store data about Bitcoins -- a ledger of Bitcoins in existence and transactions exchanging those Bitcoins.
(Note: it is a bit simplistic to completely separate the blockchain as arbitrary data from Bitcoin itself. Some parts of the Bitcoin-specific blockchain solution to the distributed trustless consensus problem depend on rational, self-interested behaviors. Bitcoin provides the financial incentive required to promote those rational, self-interested behaviors. Other blockchains that attempt to solve the same problem in different ways must solve those same issues with equivalent incentives or other approaches).
In theory, any data you wanted to store in a distributed trustless manner could leverage blockchain technology. That is why it's considered a unique and revolutionary idea independent from cryptocurrencies. In practice, there are not a lot of proven use cases for where this would actually be important properties for data to have outside of cryptocurrencies :)
@_date: 2017-09-03 21:29:53
A long time ago (in Bitcoin years) a guy made a [forum post about holding his Bitcoin]( He typo'd it as "hodl" in the post's subject, and the forum did not let you edit the subject so he could not fix his typo. It has since become a meme for Bitcoiners :)
@_date: 2018-02-10 22:08:31
An attacker can conceivably partition off some subgraph of the network (or take advantage of a pre-existing network issue), reset the difficulty after the retarget time to something much lower, and then use their hash-power + retargeted difficulty on that subgraph to extend the chain at normal intervals that allow regular transactions to continue. All the other clients on that network will see these as perfectly valid blocks under the network rules, because they are valid in their partitioned world.
However, once the network partition is resolved, all of the spends on that reduced-difficulty chain will be wiped out as all the clients eventually reconnect to the majority high-difficulty chain that continued on its merry way without them.
The longer the retarget time, the harder it is to pull off something like this (or accidentally wind up in this scenario), as you effectively have to keep the partitioned network fooled for at least as long as a full retarget period.
There's probably a much better explanation of this attack somewhere else on the internet :)
EDIT: Some reading on this style of attack: 
@_date: 2017-09-25 16:57:30
No, the two deficiencies of paper are lack of encryption and lack of an easy method to transfer to hot storage.
Lack of encryption: if you have your private key on a Trezor or on an offline computer, presumably your private key is further protected by a simple pass-phrase or PIN. If someone steals that device, you *should* have a day or two to recover your keys from your independent backup and move that BTC to a new spot, before the thief could reasonably complete an attack against your passphrase and unlock your private keys.
With paper, you don't really have that option. Not easily, anyway. Your private keys will be "plain text"; completely exposed with no further barrier. If someone steals the paper they probably have your private key instantly.
Method of transfer: to transfer BTC out of a paper cold storage wallet into a hot wallet, you need to enter that private key into a wallet at some point and create a transaction. If you do this on an online computer (e.g. your desktop), you have just entered your private key into an online, unsafe, possibly compromised device. 
The only safe way to transfer from a paper cold storage wallet is to recover the key into an offline PC or hardware wallet first, then create the transaction from there. At which point, you might as well just keep it on that offline device or hardware wallet to start with :)
So basically paper wallet would only be for super long-term offline/cold storage of coins you plan to almost never move/use.
Hardware wallets aren't expensive. I mean, if the cost of a hardware wallet is more than the BTC you own, you probably don't have enough to worry about yet anyway. But if you have considerably more than the cost of a hardware wallet, definitely worth the investment. I think a Ledger runs around 0.02BTC right now, for example.
@_date: 2017-09-01 15:19:18
The only reason you'd have money laying around not earning anything is if it was money you didn't want to lose. That would make Bitcoin a horrible place for it.
The money you'd be investing in Bitcoin should be the money you'd ordinarily have been dropping into hot and risky stock picks. The high risk high reward gambling investments, basically. If you just had cash sitting around doing nothing that you were OK to lose, you were already doing this wrong :)
@_date: 2017-09-06 13:48:57
If a 2 year bear market worries you, then take the 10% and pay off the loan. Then you can hodl worry-free. An event like that is well within the realm of possibility, so if that would make you insolvent with that loan, why even take that chance?
@_date: 2017-10-16 16:47:46
Bitcoin has real utility, and that utility is scarce because of the *real* resource cost associated in securing it. Anything with scarce utility would be expected to gain value in our economic system. There's a good reason an exact clone of Bitcoin tech would have no economic value. It has no utility without the zillions of hashes generated to secure it.
Anyone claiming this kind of shit either doesn't understand Bitcoin, doesn't understand economics, or is intentionally lying about it for their own reasons. I just assume the first of those three choices in most cases :)
@_date: 2017-10-27 04:11:10
If you don't trust other people, you should run a full node. Pick any full node client implementation you prefer. The Bitcoin Core client is pretty good, sure, but there are many other good options too.
@_date: 2017-10-27 14:01:17
I've spent time tinkering with the Go btcsuite/btcd node and it's pretty awesome, so... ROUND 1 FIGHT!
@_date: 2017-09-25 16:39:00
If you don't own the private keys, you don't own the bitcoin.
The only safe way to own the private keys is paper, hardware (like a Trezor or Ledger), or air-gapped (always offline) computer.
Obviously this is not an all-or-nothing thing. You are going to keep some BTC in a hot wallet for convenience of spending and some BTC on an exchange for trading. But the majority of your BTC not actively being used should be offline in some form of cold storage.
@_date: 2017-10-21 16:40:55
When someone public or otherwise idolized by a group does something apparently very stupid, it's common for their support base to defend him or her with the notion that the thing they did wasn't actually stupid at all, it was in fact brilliant in a sneaky, hard to understand, not readily visible way.
Since we often equate intelligence with the game of chess, and proper chess play often contains many misdirections and feints, the analogy then becomes that whatever dumb thing this person did that is actually secretly brilliant is equivalent to playing chess on a whole new level of genius that would be incomprehensible to the average person.
Thanks to the popularization of "3-dimensional chess" within nerd culture from Star Trek (as well as other various meme-vectors), the most common way to sarcastically describe a hyper-advanced game of chess has become to add more and more dimensions to the game. For example here, the OP has elevated it to 4-dimensional chess.
As this particular rationalization and counter-meme has become somewhat more prevalent of late, the OP is sarcastically implying that Barry Silbert has joined the ranks of several other recent notably stupid-but-supporters-claim-are-actually-genius people (e.g. Trump) who are all supposedly playing super high-level 4D chess that the rest of us morons simply can't understand.
@_date: 2017-10-27 04:09:52
Fucking hell, it's flippantly inaccurate shit like this that gives a wedge opening for those with otherwise paranoid and stupid complaints.
The official website of the Bitcoin *Core* client is  and its repo is  There is *no* official client for Bitcoin, and though the Bitcoin Core client is well represented in usage, there are dozens of GREAT alternative Bitcoin implementations.
There is *no* official website for Bitcoin because there is no single Bitcoin entity. The  site is a good reference site, but it cannot be an *official* site because there is no central Bitcoin authority that could grant it that moniker.
Are you *trying* to make the problem worse with this shit?
EDIT: It's possible I missed an implied /s. If so, good job :)
@_date: 2017-10-23 00:12:13
Just an awkward sentence in print, though it would have sounded fine when spoken aloud.
"I would never call it fraud because [Bitcoin is not] misrepresenting [itself]" is the intended meaning. i.e. it is not fraudulent because Bitcoin is open and honest about exactly what it is, and he would never call something fraudulent that isn't lying or being deceptive.
@_date: 2017-10-10 21:30:53
Arguably if there had been no split the BTC price now might be whatever the combined BCH+BTC price is. At least *some* of the value of the split coin comes from speculation/moves from people who would have otherwise placed that value on the main chain instead. So potentially the value of the split chain was derived from the future/potential value of the main chain.
But it's impossible to know with certainty where things would have been without the split.
@_date: 2017-10-14 23:54:08
OK, you pick one atom from the entire galaxy. I'll guess which one you picked. Guessing your wallet's private key is about 10 times harder than that.
The entire security of not just bitcoin but most of the cryptographic world is based on the mind-bogglingly huge number of possible keys and the infinitesimally small chance of randomly making the same guess as someone else.
@_date: 2017-05-29 15:06:25
Segwit is not mutually exclusive with a HF block-size increase later on. The only ones trying to frame it that way are the miners who don't want segwit right now.
@_date: 2017-05-28 23:25:21
The segwit + 2mb HF agreement would not, necessarily, break ASICboost, so it's a tough bluff to call. Segwit doesn't break ASICboost on principle, it just did it by accident in the current implementation. I'd predict no miners actually supporting segwit + 2mb HF until the segwit implementation was changed not to break ASICboost. They'd have years to sort it out.
And why is any agreement or delay required *at all*? Segwit is vetted and ready, and proven by other coins, and *most importantly* doesn't preclude a block-size HF later on.
I don't know anyone relevant who supports segwit that thinks it's an ultimate solution. It's one more step on a robust and scalable protocol, but we all know a block chain increase is a practical inevitability still approaching over the horizon. No one in core is saying segwit is going to change that; all that's happening is a bit of breathing room along with fixing a significant vulnerability in the protocol, all of which is ready to go RIGHT NOW because it was built first so it could be safely SF'd, like every other incremental improvement to the protocol has been.
The only groups trying to frame block-size vs segwit as an either/or proposition are the ones who don't want segwit and are holding it hostage.
@_date: 2017-05-29 15:43:51
There is no technical reason to tie segwit to 2mb, and there is no technical reason to reject segwit other than ASICboost. The attempt to tie one to the other is a political smokescreen to stall the end of covert ASICboost.
If the miner's "need" a 2mb block then they can continue to make the technical arguments for this need after the completely separate and independent segwit activation. There is zero reason these two are being tied together except FUD politics.
@_date: 2017-05-29 16:42:57
And increased base block sizes could ALSO reduce total miner fees per block, depending on how things play out. The current fee/byte is only astronomical because we're hitting block size limits and people want their transactions confirmed quickly. There is every reason to expect the current fee/byte will fall to less than half of its current value once there is ample space on the next block.
Miners making economic choices purely on maximizing fees would not be seeking a block size increase.
The only sure-fire way to improve revenue is through an increase in adoption which is done by avoiding drama and not blocking technically sound improvements to the protocol.
@_date: 2017-05-28 23:58:48
Yeh I really don't see how this is continuing to be seen as a muddy issue. Miners don't want segwit because ASICboost. End of story. It seems pretty cut and dry at this point.
All the delays and compromise suggestions are just stalling tactics to continue profiting with ASCIboost while, ideally, forcing segwit to be re-implemented so as to not break ASICboost as part of a block-size HF. Which will take years.
It's also why they are so focused on trying to make block-size vs segwit feel like a binary either/or issue, when it it really isn't. Segwit as-is now doesn't preclude a block-size HF later. I don't see anyone dismissing the need for that inevitability assuming bitcoin continues to grow as we'd all like it to.
@_date: 2017-05-29 02:16:52
Which will take how long again? While the current chain languishes? Any solution that is not the currently implemented and tested segwit is a massive delay.
If the miners had been honest AT THE START and said, "hey segwit as you look to do it is going to fuck with our covert ASICboost so please implement it differently", then we wouldn't be in this mess. But instead they dissembled and lied to cover their practices, and are yet again looking to foment even more delay.
@_date: 2017-05-30 05:47:32
That's hilarious. The fact that you have no idea about the historic and dramatic hard-fork in Ethereum's very recent past, and now consider it a safe cryptocurrency, says pretty much all that needs saying. It virtually doesn't matter what happens with BIP-148; in two years new investors will be flocking once again to whichever side of the chain wins and this will all just be a footnote in BTC history.
@_date: 2017-05-31 19:31:17
I personally support NY though it's not looking good and, failing that, will be betting on BIP-148. But it will be just that, a bet. I have no idea how it's going to fall out.
Investment-wise though, I don't see it mattering. If NY fails and BIP-148 fails then we'll either get a miner-led revolution to bigger blocks, or we'll get segwit around July 2018 via BIP-149. Either way, by end of 2018 the scaling debate will be done one way or another.
Bitcoin prices will fall for a while while some alt-coins pick up market share, but by 2019 I expect this will all just be history and BTC will continue its upward march. There have been so many "this will be the end of bitcoin - get out now!" moments in BTC history that turned out to be false alarms and simply shook out the weak hands. There's no way to say this for sure is just another one of those, but historically and statistically, I'm favoring the long position :)
@_date: 2017-05-31 20:34:52


No. A solo 2mb HF would ALSO require SIGNIFICANT test time. This has ALWAYS been the case. A simple block-size increase has never been "just 2 lines of code"; there are real, complex issues a HF must deal with, like proper replay prevention.
Hell, even if it WERE just a 2 line change, the reality of bitcoin is you still need months of testing to validate that your 2 lines of code didn't just blow up the network. Anyone who has done any large and complex software project knows that a 1 line change can crater the entire system in unexpected ways. You can't take it for granted that code simplicity is a shortcut for proper integration testing.
A solo 2MB HF is a minimum of 6 months away, no matter what. Bundling it with segwit certainly pushes that time frame out even further, but it will never happen any faster.
EDIT: Also, to be perfectly clear, core has not been ignoring a need for a HF or ignoring HK agreement. They have been [actively working on the problem]( The hilarious and highly visible issues with BU should be more than enough to convince anyone it's not a simple change, no matter how many times the non-technical, non-engineering folks claim it should be.
@_date: 2017-05-31 20:49:31


No one knows what the NY agreement "would have" resulted in, because it was not that detailed. The only way anyone will know is when an actual implementation is proposed with specifics that all NY parties agree to.
COOP is one such attempt to formalize the technical specifics. The other is the BTC1 PR (Segwit2x) being worked on by jgarzik. They may or may not include 4mb, and they may or may not be agreed to by the NY parties... we'll just have to see.
@_date: 2017-05-30 19:33:41
Yes, I expect short-term price drops. But bitcoin is still a technology in its infancy. Its pricing is inherently volatile and unpredictable. All other cryptocurrencies (including ETH) even MORE SO.
The price drop from the turmoil around the upcoming change is simply a great opportunity to buy, as far as I'm concerned. Yes, it will drive some players short-term to other alt coins, but I personally see nothing in the upcoming change that will kill BTC long-term. It's just one more growing pain in a long list of "dramatic at the time" events in the history of BTC.
ETH survived an equally dramatic event and even proved the previously unthinkable; it flat-out forked and both ETH and ETC not only survived, but are doing just fine. All less than a year ago. And investors (such as you) are already looking at ETH as a stable and decent opportunity again. I see no reason to think it will be any different for BTC over the same timeframe. "This too shall pass".
@_date: 2017-05-28 17:25:32
The only reason segwit does not have miner support is because the currently built and vetted implementation for it accidentally broke covert ASICboost shenanigans. There is no other reason for miners to oppose segwit.
The whole point of the UASF is to try and prove that the miners cannot hold segwit hostage to their gain. It was never going to have miner support. Whether it will be successful or not is another matter, of course.
@_date: 2017-07-24 01:30:43
Only if you buy the typical agenda-driven oversimplification of a complex issue.
In Canada transgender is now a protected facet as far as harassment/hate crime is concerned. As Canada is a common-law country, and since it's quite impossible to fully define harassment, judges and courts must make their own interpretation on the intent and applicability of a law as it applies to individual cases.
In *one* case, a person's ongoing and regular refusal to use the preferred gender-pronoun for someone they were in continual contact with was used, *in context along with other evidence*, to show a general pattern of harassment of a transgendered individual.
But it's hard to make an Internet meme with that level of nuance, so here we are...
@_date: 2015-02-17 19:10:29
I'm wondering this also.
That said, considering the recent exit of VoS and the general decline in BTC prices these days, I would guess they were simply already on the edge anyway and the effort/cost/time to recover from this just didn't make sense in the current economic climate. Bummer though...
@_date: 2017-07-23 20:54:10
Because it's an archive of a mailing list. Few people read mailing lists on websites, they read them through various mail and newsgroup clients.
This web archive presents a relatively accurate view of how most people are consuming the information. Dressing it up wouldn't actually accomplish anything except to distort the original presentation of this material as seen by the most relevant parties.
@_date: 2018-12-08 20:58:53
Yeh nvm. This is me forgetting that the coinbase reward is not *required* to be exactly the maximum amount. Only that it cannot *exceed* the maximum amount. Miners producing blocks with a lesser coinbase right now would be accepted.
I blame Anthem.
@_date: 2017-06-26 23:40:44
If you're not willing to put your reputation on the line for what you are saying then why should anyone give a fuck about what you are saying?
@_date: 2017-06-01 22:54:32
Aaaand you proved point in a single tweet. Impressive...
@_date: 2017-06-02 05:38:43
txn fees are based on the transaction size (# of inputs + # of outputs, basically). And # of inputs is based on how many UTXO entries you own that are needed to add up to the 8 BTC, which is just going to be based on how many transactions it took to get to that amount. If you received 1BTC eight different times, you'd need 8 inputs to spend that 8BTC altogether, for instance (other things cause or reduce fragmentation too but, that's the gist).
Ideally, the wallet is already optimizing the txn to use as few of your UTXO's as possible, so it's unlikely there is a more efficient way to reach the 8BTC value. However, what you can do is "sweep" your wallet from time to time; this is combining all your UTXO's into a single output that you also own. It doesn't make the sweep txn any smaller, but you do it with a low fee when you don't care about it and let it take hours or days to confirm. Then, when you actually want to spend quickly, your balance is already consolidated to fewer UTXO's, making for a smaller txn.
@_date: 2017-06-01 04:43:11
1 hour block times initially, until the first retarget. It only needs to hit 2016 by November to activate segwit and retarget, and then suddenly it is a very real threat since it is an altcoin with wipeout advantage over the legacy chain.
Exchanges supported ETC as well as ETH quite quickly, and a fair amount of hashpower switched to ETC precisely *because* it became more profitable to mine. Exchanges don't care, it's more fees for them.
@_date: 2017-06-08 22:02:45
Segwit in short is a set of changes with the overall goal of increasing room for transactions on the blockchain while addressing a few long standing flaws (specifically, scriptsig malleability, quadratic hashing, and accidentally, ASICboost).
Everything segwit fixes is widely agreed by all to need fixing.
The primary mandate of segwit that makes it interesting is that it accomplishes its goal with a soft fork. The update is backwards compatible and can be rolled out to the network on an "opt-in" basis. People who do not want to update their clients to support segwit continue to be able to use the blockchain exactly like they always have.
What people disagree on is the approach taken by the fix. Segwit is relatively complex in order to meet the soft fork requirement, and tries to do a couple of things at once. Each individual problem has other potential fixes, but these other approaches typically require a hard fork. A hard fork is when everyone on the network *must* update to a new client version; if you don't update, you are left behind, unable to use the blockchain with your old code.
There are advantages and disadvantages to both SF and HF approaches; one is not clearly superior to the other. Which is why we do not have overwhelming consensus yet on how to move forward on fixing some of these issues :)
@_date: 2017-06-09 16:28:17
Big blocks failed to activate long before segwit. It's not like there is a lack of big block solutions available right now. *None* of them have achieved consensus either, so the argument that "bigger blocks are easier and can happen sooner" is provably false.
Which is exactly why we are now looking at a segwit2x compromise solution that includes both.
@_date: 2017-06-09 18:23:31


And physical gold has a 7T marketcap right now, with everything working fine. If Bitcoin can reach worldwide adoption on a similar scale, a 4T marketcap is completely plausible. Obviously that's a pretty big "if", but it's not an impossible or even irrational "if".
@_date: 2017-06-09 03:21:00
Segwit is on-chain scaling. How is that "no"?
@_date: 2017-06-09 19:11:00
BTC won't reach 100k$ if the problems with today's sat/byte ratio aren't resolved.
@_date: 2018-12-04 17:52:33
Of the "43 solutions advanced in the international development sector" actually accomplishing whatever it is they set out to accomplish using blockchain. They don't clarify but from context it seems they are talking startups/ventures into something that had public materials with blockchain as a major (or primary) selling feature of whatever it was they were trying to do.
Of those 43 none had any evidence of successfully accomplishing their goals or even making any progress.
Whole article is just a disillusioned ex-supporter of vaporware blockchain tech finally understanding Bitcoin maximalism.
@_date: 2017-06-09 04:05:15
And what do you call all the post-segwit scaling blocksize HF research being done by a bitcoin core dev? 
Now sure, you could argue that maybe it's going too slowly, and not enough priority was allocated to it, and core devs did not publicly commit to a deployment timeline in a manner sufficient to convince miners. But don't play dumb and argue that core has not been planning and developing a HF when they very clearly have been working on exactly that...
@_date: 2017-06-01 04:30:07
Miners on the UASF chain do not see blocks mined from the "legacy" chain as valid. The difficulty retarget will be reflective *only* of UASF mining hashpower. The only question is, will ENOUGH hashpower begin immediately on UASF to make the first retarget happen quickly enough for this effect to catch up to legacy before the November timeout on segwit? Basically, if UASF chain can attract enough hashpower to find 2016 blocks before November, all bets are off.
EDIT: Nvm, misread your post. Leaving my comment anyway :)
EDIT2: A better reply would be, if the UASF chain is more profitable to mine, it's entirely possible that it attracts enough hashpower to begin catching up over each retarget period. The retarget will be too infrequent to squash the advantage of whichever chain is attracting hashpower from the other, if it's a consistent flow of hashpower.
@_date: 2017-06-06 21:58:24
Little reason to think this bull run will be any different than the previous 5 BTC bull runs. Price will run up, we'll see a classic speculative bubble, then things will settle into a stable but overall higher range for "a while". As with all of them, it's impossible to know exactly where we are on the chart right now until it's over.
As for the real long term, we'll have multiple bull runs that push the price permanently higher right up until the final one that coincides with BTC reaching world-wide saturation/adoption. Then BTC prices will enter a different behavioral regime entirely.
You can read [this dev's]( opinion on what is driving each bubble cycle/bull run. He may be totally wrong, but either way it does give good insight into the behavior of the previous runs in BTC history. As with all things, past performance is no guarantee of future behavior :)
@_date: 2017-06-02 07:45:06
Uh... anyone can already figure that out per address. You don't sweep multiple addresses into a single address (as yes, that would be a huge privacy issue), but simply sweeping multiple UTXO's on a single address doesn't reveal anything new.
@_date: 2017-06-09 03:55:09
You've just argued for the activation of segwit. The currently deployed, already implemented, on-chain scaling solution that is 80% good enough and can always be augmented later (including by a blocksize HF) if needed that could increase txn capacity right now.
Your arguments don't support your conclusion.
@_date: 2018-12-08 20:40:17


Part of the issue is that there is an idea that soft and hard forks are well-defined terms. They aren't.
That said, the part missing from your example is that while it is possible for a miner to ignore segwit transactions and never include any segwit transactions in their blocks (the "soft", backwards compatible part), what they *cannot* do is accept the backwards-compatible "anyone can spend" portion of a segwit transaction without considering the segwit part of it. That would produce orphaned blocks. That means even miners choosing to opt-out of segwit must *understand* segwit in order to produce valid blocks.
I'd argue that this portion of the consensus change for segwit was absolutely a hard-fork, since it meets every possible criteria for splitting chains if a minority set of miners had refused to accept this new condition.
@_date: 2017-06-09 19:08:25
There's a pretty significant difference between a long term positive trend line and a rapid short term excursion from that trend.
@_date: 2017-06-01 04:18:37
Which means it won't happen because that's the scenario that exists right now. Core is researching HF's, miners have not activated segwit because they don't trust core to follow through.
Nothing short of a client that bundles the HF with segwit is going to satisfy miners. Not sure why people are wasting time worrying about technical solutions that don't meet that criteria.
@_date: 2017-06-01 04:14:14
Which is why it will never happen. Why would miners agree to activate segwit when it is not TECHNICALLY bundled with their HF? That is the status quo. That is the scenario that exists RIGHT NOW.
Core has already agreed to research blocksize HF proposals and are actively working on it. This was not enough for miners to activate segwit.
Only a client that actually bundles the HF with segwit will be sufficient for miners, which would mean we're not getting segwit any time soon under NY.
@_date: 2017-06-01 05:24:43
Again, I disagree that it is stupid, though we're probably just talking semantics now. A stupid idea is one that will not accomplish what it intends to accomplish.
The whole point of the UASF is to threaten to do exactly what you are describing. They know exactly how damaging it could be (or at least, I hope they do). The whole point is to pressure the miners into activating segwit before that damage might occur.
Again, it's reckless and potentially a bad choice, but since it could feasibly accomplish exactly what it is attempting to accomplish, I don't see it as stupid.
tl;dr: if it's stupid and it works, it isn't stupid :)
@_date: 2017-06-01 04:22:44
But it only makes them a package deal in *words*, not in *code*. Miners will go for nothing short of HF code enforcement, which by definition requires a new client with segwit and HF bundled together and activated in a way that does not activate segwit on non-HF nodes.
If anything short of that was going to work, we wouldn't need *any* code at all. It would just be simple diplomacy of core promising to implement a HF later, which miners will never accept.
@_date: 2017-06-01 23:02:04
No, but you managed to prove you are no better than the current crop of rich, which was the essence of the statement you were replying to.
@_date: 2018-12-08 20:23:19


No, that's a hard fork.


The fundamental difference is that a soft fork does not *require* miners to opt-in. Miners can continue to mine non-segwit blocks and ignore all segwit transactions. Users can likewise do the same.
The coinbase consensus change here *requires* miners to opt-in, or their blocks will be orphaned (assuming minority). This is a consensus change *guaranteed* to lead to competing forks depending on whether you choose to support the change or not. That is a hard fork by definition.
At *best* your argument shows not that this scenario is a soft fork, it shows that segwit was actually a combination hard- and soft-fork. The majority of miners must not validate "anyone can spend" transactions with attached segwit information or their blocks will not be accepted. Anything that requires majority miners to change their validation/consensus behavior is pretty much by definition a hard fork. Everything else segwit is "soft" because it's opt-in rather than opt-out.
@_date: 2017-06-09 17:44:07


Miners can develop whatever it is they want to run. They can hire any developer to do anything they want. Core devs are just one set of devs among many. They are not beholden to any interests but their own.


If miners supported this they could majority hash-power HF the chain and be done with it. They haven't, so clearly what you think is a miner consensus isn't actually a miner consensus.
I don't know how to state it any more plainly. THERE IS NOT A CONSENSUS FOR EITHER SOLUTION. Not for a hard forked bigger block size and not for segwit. You can argue that your approach is the better one til you are blue in the face, but you can't actually argue that one approach somehow has a consensus that is being "unfairly" blocked when clearly NEITHER APPROACH has consensus, by definition.
@_date: 2017-06-01 21:22:24
Are you suggesting someone else should be the project manager? Can you link us to your github PR with an implementation for the NY agreement please?
@_date: 2017-06-02 16:48:05
I mean, that describes exactly The DAO, and Ether HF'd over that one...
@_date: 2017-06-18 00:33:40


Source? I've been following the PR and mailing list pretty closely and I've seen absolutely nothing that would validate this claim.
@_date: 2017-06-07 15:57:59
That's not how tax brackets work in ANY country.
@_date: 2017-06-01 21:25:00
He is (editorializing) a quote of the original document, for clarity about what exactly the scope of that document is intended to accomplish. It's not a new name for his segwit2x PR/implementation.
@_date: 2018-12-03 18:43:51
The simple answer is that a protocol upgrade occurs when a majority of the ecosystem (exchanges, users, miners, developers, etc.) all individually choose to use software that supports the new feature (validate blocks using it) and that the chain with these new feature blocks is getting majority hash-rate to keep blocks coming securely and at the expected intervals.
If you, as an individual, choose NOT to run software with the upgraded feature, one of two things happens. If it's a backward compatible feature (soft fork) then you can continue to use the majority blockchain and P2P network without disruption by merely ignoring the new feature entirely. If it is a breaking change (hard fork) then you can continue to connect to a minority P2P network with minority hash-rate mining a chain under the old rules, but you will not be able to use the network/chain that has moved on with the new feature.
To avoid confusion in the latter case, you would very quickly need to stop thinking of your minority chain as "Bitcoin" because, outside of your minority group, no one you want to interact with will consider your version of the chain "Bitcoin". The ecosystem majority's idea of "Bitcoin" will include the new feature and the P2P network/mined chain that supports it. You might even have to change your chain rules to protect it from attack given the sudden drop-off of hashrate it would face.
The complex answer, of course, is to figure out how do we get to the moment when that happens? And the beauty of Bitcoin is that there is *no single process for this*. *ANY* process that causes the above upgrade scenario to occur is a valid process for upgrading the protocol.
Historically we have seen a number of common patterns for how this upgrade can come about, and people have tried to argue that this way or that way is "THE" process for upgrading Bitcoin. But they are all wrong; they are simply describing successful patterns that have been used in the past, not formal upgrade requirements that exist in the protocol (because none do).
With that said, some successful patterns and tools that have been used to reach the point of upgrade:
* BIPs - There is a community consensus building tool called "Bitcoin Improvement Proposal" where any interested party can propose a change to the protocol, review proposed changes, etc. so that everyone who cares can get a feeling for how likely the community at large would be to accept that change should someone bother to spend time developing it.
* Social - Outside of BIPs there are dozens of social channels where miners, developers, users, exchanges, business, etc. will informally discuss potential changes and their likelihood to be accepted. Twitter, IRC, reddit, the old Bitcoin forum, etc.
* Signalling - a process exists in the protocol called "signalling" where miners can indicate in the block metadata how they would personally react to a particular change should that change hit the network. Again there is nothing binding about this; all that matters is what *actually* happens the moment that change hits the network. But this is a useful protocol tool for identifying (and generating) consensus. (There is also a separate signalling mechanism that non-mining nodes can use as well that is essentially a metadata field on the P2P network of nodes, to get a feel for the preferences of the non-mining nodes in the network).
* Bloc mandate - From time to time blocs of individuals with aligned interests have attempted to strong-arm a change through that is not particularly popular with other groups in the ecosystem. This is where you get silly terms like user-activated forks, miner-activated forks, "Blockstream core", etc.
The bloc mandate process deserves some further explanation. The most important thing to understand here is that there are NO permanent or formal blocs in the Bitcoin ecosystem. The Bitcoin protocol fundamentally assumes that *every* individual will act in their own rational self-interest (greed).
There are times when we lump individuals together into blocs that probably have similar motivations, but these are merely rhetoric conveniences that should be treated carefully. e.g. "Miners" are a bloc of people running mining hardware, paying for electricity, and seeking the next block reward. We often conveniently lump miners together in a discussion but there are *many situations* where the rational self-interest of Miner A could lead to *different choices* than Miner B, so these bloc definitions must be taken with a grain of salt.
Two other blocs of interest routinely pop up. "Developers", which are *all* the developers in the eco-system working on Bitcoin software. Note that there is no single group of "The Devs"; every developer is working on something different and have many different interests. Within this group is a sub-group of developers responsible for the most popular Bitcoin client (which has a long history of stability and security so is widely used) known as "Bitcoin Core".
"Economic actors" is another bloc name thrown around which effectively lumps together exchanges, businesses, and end-users that are using Bitcoin and typically share a desire to see its performance, stability, and price be consistent.
No single group of limited interests can strong-arm a change through (however much they'd like to try) because the entire ecosystem is dependent on ALL these individuals. Miners cannot enforce a ridiculous change (e.g. a change to remove the 21M coin limit) if developers and economic actors don't go along with it, because miners need to sell their coins for money to pay for their electricity. Mining a chain no one transacts with using coins no one will pay for is a very fast way to go bankrupt. While *some* miners might be willing to do this for ideological reasons, the beauty of bitcoin is that eventually rational/greedy miners with no ideological preference would fill the gap for profit.
Similar arguments can be made for the other groups. Developers, for instance, can all band together to make a change in every Bitcoin client/implementation available, such as to stop giving miners block rewards. But if no miners update *their* software to do this and refuse to mine any blocks with these rules (since this would obviously be against their rational self-interest) then the entire network would grind to a halt. While some developers may do this for ideological reasons, rational/greedy developers looking for work with no ideological preference would fill the development gap left behind in order to create/update software that complies with the majority/working chain's opinion.
@_date: 2017-06-01 04:57:49
No, it ties segwit activation to a PROMISE TO HF in 6 months *in code*. That is a huge difference, and one that is trivially simple to back out of. A fake COOP client (that intends to renege on the HF promise) will be available within a day from the BIP148 crew, and a large number of segwit supporters have already said they would happily do exactly this. There is every reasonable doubt that a majority of nodes and significant hashpower refuses the HF when the 6 month flag day comes.
A simultaneous HF with segwit activation is the only way to truly bundle these two items in code. It's the only way there is any real punishment to a bad actor attempting to back out of either portion. A HF chain that has both blocksize and segwit, and a legacy chain that has neither.
If the miners go for anything short of that, I'll be amazed.
@_date: 2017-06-06 21:42:07
Armory supports it no problem...
@_date: 2017-06-02 05:25:28
You'd have to regularly "sweep" your wallet. Unfortunately there is no way to actually reduce the number of inputs; it's entirely based on how "fragmented" your current balance is.
However, what you CAN do is sweep all those inputs into a single output with a very low fee during a time frame where you don't care about it. It may take a few days for the sweep transaction to get committed (because you set a low/slow fee), but ideally you do it when you have time to spare.
Then, later, when you are trying to spend quickly, your balance will already have been consolidated into fewer inputs.
@_date: 2018-12-08 20:23:27
You just described a hard fork.
@_date: 2017-06-09 19:49:33
If Bitcoin is only ever perceived as a store of value, then the best comparison would be against another store of value. Right now that's probably gold, with a marketcap around 7T. So if BTC is never perceived as anything more than cryptogold on the same scale, it would be feasible to expect a marketcap in the same range. Which would put the long-term value of 1 BTC in the range of 100k (for a 2T marketcap; tune sliders as desired).
@_date: 2017-06-01 22:03:29
Eh... there is still a minimum amount UASF has to attract to be relevant. If it doesn't get around 10%-ish of the hashpower on average at least, they won't find 2016 blocks before the BIP141 activation times out in November. At which point the UASF chain becomes completely irrelevant.
@_date: 2017-06-09 18:08:12
Again, you are basically redefining "consensus" to mean "what I want". I don't care how much you like 2mb HF (or segwit) or how many tweets you've seen in support of either approach or how many reddit threads agree with you. None of those things are consensus, they are just noise.
The basic, simple reality is that there is not anything even approaching a miner consensus on any single solution currently being signaled on the network. Not a HF, not segwit, not nothing. Your "side" is not "more right" just because it's the one you believe in.


Not really, since BU has explicitly talked about not activating until at least 75% of miners signal for it. The same way segwit decided not to force itself on anyone until 95% of miners were in agreement. No single solution is even *close* to its own self-defined limit for what it considers an acceptable, non-contentious consensus.
Obviously the simple solution to a consensus problem is for "one side to change its mind". That's a pointless, specious argument.
@_date: 2017-06-06 21:51:33
There are plenty of players who see the inaction as a strength of the protocol. No overwhelming consensus means no change. That is one of the things Bitcoin was built to embody, so seeing it in action only bolsters their impression of the system.
Also have to keep in mind that the protocol is not, in any way, broken. High fees kills many use cases -- important ones that I personally would be sad to see BTC lose -- but losing these use cases is not the same as BTC being broken or even paralyzed.
@_date: 2017-06-05 17:33:07
If you want it to remain legal, don't forget to declare and pay your taxes on it (if relevant to your jurisdiction).
@_date: 2017-06-01 04:45:21
I've read it. It does literally nothing to tie segwit activation to a HF *in code*. That makes it a certainty that the miners won't consider it an acceptable implementation of the NY agreement.
@_date: 2017-06-01 03:51:37
Yes, obviously the success of BIP148 will be 100% dependent on how many miners can be economically incentivized to swap to mining the UASF chain for selfish, profit-driven reasons, and how quickly that happens (if at all).
I'm not going to argue that it *will* happen, but don't insult our collective intelligence by stating that it *can't* or *won't* happen. There are many scenarios that could play out where UASF can attract purely selfish hashpower. They don't need 51% to be a threat; even attracting 20% would pose a HUGE risk to the majority chain. The wipeout advantage is a force multiplier here.
Of course, there are also many scenarios where no mining power moves to the UASF chain at all. We're all just gambling now.
But the fact that it is merely feasible is already a significant threat to the current miners (and user base). That is the whole point.
(Also, I assume anyone running a UASF node is already prepared to taint their coins as soon as feasible).
@_date: 2017-06-01 21:21:19
No, he's  simply being technically accurate.
Segwit as implemented in Core 0.13.1 does not completely disable covert ASICboost. It merely makes it very difficult to use with the new transactions to the point that it's probably not practical. It does nothing to prevent people continuing to use it to mine purely legacy blocks, for instance, among other things.
It is not and was never intended to actually kill ASICboost, and as much as it does, it does by accident.
@_date: 2017-06-09 18:21:08
4T marketcap is nothing for a global currency. Hell, there are INDIVIDUAL COMPANIES approaching 1T marketcap right now. Obviously it's predicated on BTC reaching wider adoption than now, but so has been every previous price hike.
@_date: 2017-06-14 15:55:05
Don't misinform.
They support segwit2x exactly as per the NY agreement (and the btc1 implementation) and hope that the NY agreement succeeds.
The part you quoted is ONLY relevant to adding segwit to their reactionary hard-fork to BIP148 if the NY/btc1 stuff falls through.
@_date: 2017-06-09 17:27:31
I agree that if core called for a HF (and released a client implementing it) that consensus would probably be achieved.
But it's equally true that if several key miners signaled for segwit that consensus would be achieved that way too.
That's sort of the definition of a lack of consensus. Both sides could easily resolve the situation by changing their minds. It doesn't make one side "more stubborn" or "more responsible".
Bitcoin consensus is predicated around the very idea that it's perfectly acceptable (even responsible and expected) for the participants to not only disagree, but to disagree primarily for selfish reasons.
@_date: 2017-06-01 05:31:56
To be realistic, if BIP148 doesn't work you'll be much better off just waiting on BIP149. It's going to happen long before you could get any consensus on changing the PoW anyway.
@_date: 2017-06-09 18:36:20
He doesn't mean that Bitcoin is in a bubble forever. Just that this would be a symptom of the *current* bubble. Just like the past 5 bubbles that ended in boring, stable, corrected but still trending higher prices. Long-term hodlers will ignore the bubble like all previous events and short term day traders can take whatever risks they want :)
@_date: 2017-06-02 05:43:34
No clue, sorry, since I don't use electrum. Maybe can help?
@_date: 2017-06-14 16:31:58
To me it looks like they've started up a testnet and plan to release an alpha client as per their initial milestone date...
@_date: 2017-06-09 18:31:01
@_date: 2017-06-09 03:17:15
Segwit as-is includes on-chain scaling, to the tune of ~2MB. Off-chain scaling is a consequence of fixing malleability, which itself is a thing that ultimately needs fixing regardless of whether you agree with segwit or not. Any of the half-way decent HF proposals have *also* fixed malleability, which is the *only* part of segwit that is "pro off-chain".
@_date: 2017-06-01 02:48:00
It's already implemented. Something like 83% of the network is already running nodes that support it (0.13.1+). If 95% of miners signaled for it (currently at 31%), it would lock-in after 2016 blocks and then be available on the network with NO CHANGE AT ALL BY ANYONE (well except for the 17% that haven't updated to 0.13.1+, but as it is a soft fork they don't lose any functionality either).
EDIT: To be crystal clear, miners are refusing to change a config setting that would enable segwit network wide right now. A solution that is completely implemented, tested, and deployed already, that provides significant on-chain scaling and additional benefits, and which they were 100% welcome to contribute to during development if, for instance, they had any issues with it breaking certain "optimizations" of theirs (which *could* have been addressed and avoided during development, if they had informed the devs). They are holding this technical upgrade hostage to get a guarantee for a completely unrelated future blocksize increase.
@_date: 2017-06-01 03:12:01
They think it's a reckless idea. In particular, they think it's a reckless idea because they understand full well that it has every real possibility of doing *exactly what it has set out to do*, which is to threaten miners with a non-trivial chain split. This will hurt EVERYONE on the network, including miners.
That might be a *bad* idea, but it's not a *stupid* idea.