@_author: nezzing
@_date: 2014-08-30 07:40:26
Omg thanks bud, let me know what happens. I bought my ps4 with the last bitcoin deal they had, though it wasn't a pre-order or anything. Let me know if it works! Let that rep know, an xbone pre-oder will be happening if it's possible!!
@_date: 2014-08-30 08:07:25
Fuckersss, well you should post this on the thread. This is very important information that should have been known previously to me getting jacked about this awesome deal. lol. 
Thanks Xastey
@_date: 2014-12-23 19:58:37
I'd rather see better precautions taken by the websites who are allowing these fuck faces to make these loans. I understand wanting to take out a loan with little information provided by the debtor, provides an almost untraceable escape route for these debtors. 
The problem I've seen is that these sites are accepting loans on behalf of individuals who have had their identity stolen or fabricated. From the arbitrations I have received, the information is just a wild goose chase of faulty information stolen from local resident databases which are easily fabbed from google searches, there is VERY LITTLE money to be made by some individual chasing these "pseudo" individuals that have defaulted. 
I'd rather see a class action lawsuit against these lending platforms to just shut them down entirely, or force individuals to put up way more information about themselves before they can even take a loan out. I would love to see BTCJam burn to the ground, they are the biggest perpetuators of this type of thing. They take their cut when the loan is activated, so they are making money off of these scammers who get a loan to go through.  
@_date: 2014-08-30 07:30:17
Interested in purchasing: 
Just going to assume that pre-orders are excluded? Please tell me I am wrong right meow. 
@_date: 2015-02-12 17:39:34
BTCJam should be fucking sued into the God Damn Ground. They have knowingly accepted fake and stolen identities. Their identity verification process is absolute bullshit. Their Net-Arb awards they provide you after six fucking months, which supposedly provides the information of said "debtor" is quite often a STOLEN ID.  They allow facebook profiles/linkeden profiles to increase "debtors" fucking credit score; are you even fucking kidding me? People simply need to deactivate that shit and never return, or a scammer completely catfishes the shit out of it. It would be nice if they actually provided you useful information or fucking partnered with some type of law office that would actually then purchases the note from you and go after them. The Net-Arbs are absolute BS like everyone has mentioned.
Their 2FA did not work correctly for about 4-5 months. 
Their mobile site is a fucking joke. 
Their weekly/monthly updates of "successful" loans is a fucking joke, it should be updates on "successful debtors repaying their loans"
Their stats they provided on the right hand column about how much ROI certain investors have achieved was fucked up for the longest time, around 3-4 months. I know this because I was an investor listed as receiving over 500% in ROI. I emailed them multiple times about this and they fucking did nothing, it wasn't until very recently where they fixed their stats fuck up. 
My advice: only invest in individuals who are B+ &lt;--&gt; A+ rating, don't even waste your time on ratings that are lower. 
If the interest rate is too good to be true, it is a fucking scam. 
I've seen listing that are legit copy and pasted from internet hospital sob stories asking for loans.
Ask the said debtor while they are listed as a loan, to post their information. This is against BTCJam's ToS i believe, but fuck them, you need to cover your own ass.
Do not invest in females, of the 6 females I invested in, only 1 was legit. Thankfully they were minuscule investments. 
Be wary of "debtors" who take out loans, pay them pack on time, but then are constantly piggy backing other loans that you know are paying back other listings they have. People are such suckers for this, because they could fucking care less if the person is piggy backing; "its like as long as I get my cut, why should I give a fuck?"
Only invest in "debtors" that can verify credit cards and a bank account. If they can't do that, they should not be taking a loan. 
I'd greatly advise staying away from loaning out to anyone outside of your own country. They ALSO need to fix how they determine geo-locations of said debtors. I have seen numerous listings where the person is said to be American but has obviously spoofed their IP to show they are US. BTCJam please use geo-location within Browsers. 
BTCJam takes their fucking cut as soon as the loan is listed, this is reverse logic here. They need to take their cut once the loan is completely paid back. They make money off of fucking scammers! 
My Experience: Total invested 15BTC @ 430$/USD, my returns were solid at 18% over 6 months. Thankfully I had the mindset to link mine to USD, so with bear pressure, I made even more than 18% considering I got back even more BTC compared if I had chosen BTC-only tied loans.
Lastly, I happened to find a local Redditor who just happened to default on one his loan and make zero communication as to what has happened. It was only after my pestoring did we receive a bullshit update.  Paging: pay your loan back buddy, your investors would appreciate it, I would appreciate it.