@_author: nfobasics101
@_date: 2015-12-20 14:15:32
Breaking BAD – the story of Craig Steven Wright
Gizmo and Wired failed to do their jobs – and but ads a brilliant chapter to the saga of Bitcoin’s frauds and conmen.
Personally I was fascinated by the stories they presented and about an extraordinary man – so much - that just had to learn more on him and his background. 
The Bitcoin white paper as it was presented in 2009 is very much a ticket for the Nobel Prize in Economics and I really hope that the creator is given his reward at a point in history. I will not use his name – since this story isn’t about him. 
Means, motive, and opportunity
Even though both Gizmo and Wired tried so hard to keep the hoax theory open – they could not resist from crowning Mr. Wright King of BTC.  But the hoax is right in front of us – hidden in plain sight: 
Mr. Wright does not have the means to be the creator of Bitcoin – he has not written nor published anything of significant interest related to economics nor crypto-currency. A complete list of his papers was listed on the DeMorgan site and it is all low-level internet security focused. There is no documentation to support that he possesses the intelligence or the knowledge required for this achievement.  
Mr. Wright does not have the motive to be the creator of Bitcoin – his history before BTC and the years that followed gives no support to establish a motive of interest. 
Did Mr. Wright have the opportunity – well - let’s ask the actual question? 
Have Craig Steven Wright possessed the opportunity to commit fraud - especially taxfraud – in the scale of millions of dollars – while using the “Bitcoin creator” alibi for documenting his extraordinary gifts to the world? 
Cloudcroft, DeMorgan, Denariuz, Hotwire - Interconnected Research are all entities specialized in one area – claiming tax-refunds for R&amp;D costs from the Australian government. 
It sounds crazy – luckily not as crazy as the claims made by Gizmo and Wired – but within all the rumors these last weeks some facts have emerged. 
Mr. Wright’s Supercomputer does not exist. The spec’s listed by Mr. Wright has never been put together, the manufacturer denies it – yet it’s actually listed as one of the fastest computers in the world – and the estimated 100 million USD project is being used to defraud the Australian government for 45 cents on the dollar in R&amp;D refund. 
“May 11, 2015: The DeMorgan Ltd. Group of Companies to Receive up to $54,000,000 AUD from Aus Industry R&amp;D Tax Rebate Scheme”
And this example portraits the depth and the scale of the con made by Mr. Wright. Even though all his websites are taken down – the information is still available. It’s has been used much resources and carefully planned strategy to create image that this is real – and it’s for science – and the good of the world. 
I will not list all the clues but if you research the blogposts made by Mr. Wright on cloudcroft.com.au/ (it’s still available from archive.is) the story is being built step by step. Parallel to this Mr. Wright invites students for a free webinar to study and play with his Supercomputer. Same goes with well written press-releases placed at various sites to co-document. All using references to manufactures strong recommendations to the project – even linked to the letter of recommendation from SGI Supercomputer manufactory which has publicly declared that this is forged.  
And from this the reversed engineering model can be continued to portray Mr. Craig Steven Wright achievements all the way back to the very first day of Bitcoin. The system parameters are basic: lies, fraud, document falsification are all part of the portfolio, while it may have started in small scale – it didn’t end there. 
In order to fully comprehend the scheme I strongly suggest reading the full document presented by McGrahtNicol to the creditors of Hotwire. This document gives a proposal to the creditors from Mr. Wright giving them 10 cents on the dollar. McGrahtNicol being the Administrator of the company which is in its final moment before liquidation – describes the pyramid scheme of Mr. Wrights business empire. All of the relevant companies are in distress as a result of the tax-refunds didn’t go through. 
And here is my take on it; even though it would have been nice that Mr. Wright just tried to create something great – all the great parts are missing. There is no research on the Bitcoin published, no Supercomputer, no patents or system that betters the life of Bitcoin. – Just a bunch of leaked documents where Mr. Wright poses as the creator of Bitcoin for the government – the taxoffice and other parties to alibi for his achievements – and – last but not least – his 1 100 000 Bitcoins in the Tullip Trust. 
But I will not be all condemning of Mr. Wright – personally I think his greatest achievement is within his company “Interconnected Research”
“Interconnected Research (ICR), an Australia-based cryptocurrency research and development provider, recently satisfied requirements to remain registered as a Research Service Provider (RSP). The registration makes ICR the only private company that can ensure companies meet the requirements to claim a rebate of up to 43.5 cents on the dollar through the government’s R&amp;D Tax Incentive program.”
It’s only too bad – that the core business model failed for Interconnected Research. 
I will summarize my points to this;
Means, motive, and opportunity is a common summation of the three aspects of a crime that must be established before guilt can be determined in a criminal proceeding. For the moment it’s seems that creating Bitcoin is not a crime, but it really does not help Mr. Wright on his fraud charges. For his achievements means, motive and opportunity will surely apply, although not convicted – the common summation of his work only concludes in one direction for me. 
During 2009 to 2012 Mr. Wright was running around at the campus of Charles Stuart University as a non-paid lecturer otherwise known as a student witch entered into a pHD programme which he failed to finish. In 2011 and 2012 he spent much time getting good media-marketing points for the Charles Stuart as his comments on internet-security was being picked up by international press. He wrote several low-level papers on internet-security etc. which for the most part has not been published in any research journals of significance. Basically his ball-card was fully booked with everything else than Bitcoins. (Research Mr. Wright on Charles Stuarts webpages for complete information). When and where Mr. Wright crossed roads with Bitcoin is not known – but it’s clear that the desire for computer power – or more precise mining power could trigger investment schemes in the life of Mr. Wright. Still an educated guess is that Mr. Wright was a little late in the entry of mining Bitcoins – it’s seems his expenses always was one step ahead of him. 
The darker side of this story is yet to be known – I strongly suspect that the tax-office is not the only victims of Mr. Wright – there must have been a lot of private parties whom trusted him and most likely backed the financing of the corporations that was setup. The final months of his adventure have been complex – and the scale of the falsified documents leaked to the press seems to me that there has to be a mastermind behind it - one whom is familiar with the elements of grand fraud. - In one last desperate move.
