@_author: nfx9
@_date: 2013-10-02 11:10:33
Thanks for note. Yes, any exchange or other mechanism can and will be added. The process is detailed in the procedures.md in the github repo (very prelimnary), so that this process is as objective as possible.  
The reason I have only added the major exchanges is that there will be a tiered system. For the reason that I personally can't review every exchange and to guard against more risky options. The more information you provide the better (where are you based? what is the company structure? are you implementing AML mechanisms? etc.). Or: if the service is anonymous or a portal this will get the appropriate tag, say for instance such as localbitcoins.
In other words, this can be dealt with through pull requests. All new exchanges (or trading mechanisms) will be added in a to be reviewed Exchange List, which will receive an appropriate tag.
@_date: 2013-10-02 11:21:23
I've added bitquick.co to the review: 
This will be added to the pages in the future.
@_date: 2013-10-03 05:52:41
btcpath.com is a opensource project which tries to solve this very problem. You can become directly involved.
@_date: 2013-10-02 10:57:24
contributions and disucssions via the Github repo very welcome. btcpath's goal is to be an objective, transparent source for information which exchanges (including OTC options) are best for them. This is just the beginning of the project. 
In other words: if is someone asks: where should I buy bitcoin btcpath aims at being the best entry point. This can include fees, legal information, user feedback and more.
Why is this important? Users of exchanges are not necessarily aware of all the issues involved. While exchanges match bid and ask prices they also naturally want to make money from the transactions through fees. Btcpath can serve as a hub for users of the bitcoin system to shape exchange infrastructure in the longterm, for example by voicing requirements and concerns, pointing out improvements, etc. I see this as a bridge to a more decentralized, but effective exchange system as a whole.