@_author: ngkaknes
@_date: 2014-07-06 00:09:43
He's saying that 8 pesos for a dollar is a made up price unless you are highly politically connected in which case why would you be reading reddit about bitcoins? The market clearing price is 12 pesos per dollar. The Peso/BTC/USD exchange probably doesn't come out exactly even because of friction in the market but the arbitrage trade more or less evens it out.
@_date: 2014-01-12 17:28:11
Byrnes said his margin is about 2% traditionally (from fortune interview here: 
"Also, it saves us about 2% from interchange fees. It's no secret that our net margin is about 2% now. And so the savings would be a very substantial improvement to our bottom line."
Assuming that means based on traditional CC sales they have a 2% margin, and with BTC would have a 4% margin the math becomes:
(130,000)*(0.04)= $5,200 profit
R*(0.02)=$5,200 profit R = $260,000
Again we are just taking the CEO's word on this stuff, none of this is coming from Overstock Financial Statements but if it is anywhere close to that it is very meaningful increase in profits.
@_date: 2014-01-21 15:20:52
China could still drive big swings but decreased volatility is a good thing for adoption. If China allows the a Wealth Management Trust Credit Equals Gold  to default that could scare some investors away from those WMPs. Chinese investors looking for other places to park their money could push BTC higher.
@_date: 2014-02-13 21:27:47
I agree. I have contacts who can do the Bitcoin for Bolivar exchange. If the protesters set up a means to collect Bitcoin donations they would definitely get my support. Any Venezuelans out there interested in setting this up?
@_date: 2014-02-03 04:57:59
But you can't bring the dollar in and out of the country nearly as easily as you can bring Bitcoins, and it is much easier to transfer Bitcoins with the sales then send dollars to offshore accounts. People do it now but Bitcoin makes it much easier for smaller companies to preserve their wealth.
@_date: 2014-01-19 19:26:20
I've been pitching this for months. You could do the hQR code tattoos but really they should just have club dollars that you can buy with BTC, spend on strippers, steppers cash out AT&amp;T he end of shift. The same way casinos work with chips. That way you know your bills, both club bills and physical currency, have never been in the nether regions of another person. The anonymity of BTC makes it perfect for this
@_date: 2014-01-13 02:20:01
$100 says I can get $10k in BTC faster, easier, at lower cost, and more securely than you can procure $10k in gold, deal?
@_date: 2014-02-03 02:20:14
Well my thought is that there have to be people exporting them now, as otherwise Argentine wouldn't exist outside the country. Whoever is buying it now can do so in Pesos, so the question is where do they get their Pesos. If they get them by selling Bitcoins for Pesost hey would get a much better exchange rate than going through the banks. It's just a question of who is the exporters there.
@_date: 2014-02-14 02:10:37
But they have to sell to someone correct? So if they sell at the fixed price then buy it for Bolivars at a discount. If the issue is then they can't convert the Bolivars to dollars in order to purchase more supplies from importers, then the shop keepers need to start selling for the Bolivar price but collecting bitcoins under the table. That is easier than accepting cash dollars, especially in volume. You can trade in Bitcoins and some people will be able to cash the bitcoins out for dollars or euros, making them much more valuable than bolivars which is a non convertible currency. Store all your savings in stable currencies outside of the governments reach, like Bitcoins, foreign real estate, or USD in foreign accounts if you have the means. Inflation only hurts you if you are saving your purchasing power in that currency, if you only transact and consume with Bolivars inflation won't hurt you because your Bitcoin/USD will just increase in value with the bolivar inflation. So in fact I don't believe you understand Venezuela's problem, because if more Venezuelans did they wouldn't allow it to continue. Bitcoins were created for this exact reason, they are the arch nemesis of capital controls.
@_date: 2014-01-12 18:10:10
Love the idea, have been trying to find a way into BTC online gambling myself. I have been talking with friends in Costa Rica who worked for the online poker sites there before the Federal crackdown. I would definitely be interested in working on the project. Send me a message we can exchange emails and flesh out some details.
@_date: 2014-01-19 19:27:14
I've been pitching this for months. You could do the hQR code tattoos but really they should just have club dollars that you can buy with BTC, spend on strippers, steppers cash out AT&amp;T he end of shift. The same way casinos work with chips. That way you know your bills, both club bills and physical currency, have never been in the nether regions of another person. The anonymity of BTC makes it perfect for this
@_date: 2014-01-08 06:26:22
This is where financial services comes in. How does a gas station that is only allowed to change prices once a day hedge the volatility risk in the price of gas? For that matter how do you hedge the volatility in the value of a dollar? What you are describing is why people need futures contracts, which while initially would be expensive because high volatility they would actually serve to dampen some of that volatility by insuring that there is some party that is obligated to buy or sell bitcoins for a given USD price at some point in the future. The financial technology for this has existed for decades in more volatile currencies and commodities (futures were invented for farmers, miners, and oil trade because they have a lot of these same problems). If you took in $1 million in monthly BTC revenues, and had a merchandise return rate of 5%, that would mean you need to have futures options to buy 5% of total revenues in Bitcoins for the time of sale exchange rate. So you sell $1 million on the first of the month for 1,000 BTC ($1,000 per BTC). You would then need to buy options to cover your 5% return rate, or 50 BTC. You would go to the market and say in 30 days I will buy 50 BTC for $50,000, and someone would be willing to take that offer and agree that in 30 days they will sell you 50 BTC for $50,000. Now assuming you are accurate in your return rate, 5% gets returned, you pay the customers back their 50 BTCs, and at the end of the month you buy back the BTC for $50,000. When you account for monthly sales you will have sold 950 BTC of merchandise and collected $950,000. If you can't find someone to take the other side of the futures contract it means you don't have a functioning market and the quoted price of $1,000 per BTC isn't real as no one expects it to stay there, but the idea is that half the people think it will be higher in 30 days, half think lower, laws of statistics they balance out. The good thing with Bitcoins is this is digital so making these contracts can be very easy and decentralized so you don't have to pay a huge fee to a Wall Street broker to buy the futures contracts, although you would have the counterparty risk on the options trade. Hope that helps.
@_date: 2014-01-13 02:31:49
@_date: 2014-01-09 00:18:58
The true value of Bitcoin will be seen once the ability to claim liabilities is introduced. So for example, with the Bitcoin protocol I can now use my private key to claim ownership over the Bitcoins in my wallet. No one besides me can decide how those Bitcoins get spent, and they cannot be taken without my permission. This isn't true for fiat, as a central bank can inflate away my savings and hand it to someone else. However the real value is if I can claim my liabilities as well as assets. Again, if I have 1 BTC in my wallet and want to transfer it to your wallet, I have to "sign" that transfer with my Private Key that verifies that I am the owner of that wallet. Well what if instead of me just giving you a BTC I was loaning you 1 BTC in exchange for an IOU. While that IOU is a liability to you it is an asset to me. My ability to verify that you and I entered into a voluntary contract where I lent you 1 BTC and you gave me an IOU saying you will repay me in 1 month has a huge value for both of us. If you fail to repay me the loan it becomes public record and everyone who ever transacts in Bitcoins for the rest of time will know you defaulted on the loan. Inversely, if you repay the loan on time, everyone for the rest of time will know you made good no your liability and therefore have better credit than someone with no BTC transaction history. Why is that valuable? The current system central banks decide who gets capital. The Fed buys $45 Billion a month in Treasury Bills, meaning that every month the Fed, on behalf of every dollar holder on the planet, lends $45 Billion to the US government who then get to spend it. In a Bitcoin world if the Fed continued to lend Bitcoins to the Treasury and not get a return no their investment they would run out of Bitcoins. Eventually capital would be allocated to people who are able to actually produce returns on investment. If I lend you 1 BTC for 1 month and you just sit on it and pay me back, you will never default, however you will never become more productive. If Steve Jobs comes along and says "Listen you give me that 1 BTC, I'll build an iPod, and in 1 month I'll give you 1.1 BTC" who will get the BTC Steve Jobs or you? Now imagine you are a bank that made a ton of really bad mortgage investments and you want to get bailed out by the government. How will you get the money? If it is in dollars then the Fed can lend money to the Treasury and the Treasury can bail out the bank (or AIG) even if those firms were unproductive and wasted capital. With BTC the only way to get bailed out is to crawl to Warren Buffet and beg for a loan. A loan from Warren Buffet won't be a bailout and it won't come if you can't show that you can use those funds more productively than other people. Wealth disparity isn't a bad thing if it is wealth earned legitimately. Steve Jobs for example had a hugely disproportionate amount of wealth compared to the average person on the planet but that was because he provided an equally disproportionate amount of value to the world. I don't think anyone would argue that the world would have been better off had Steve Jobs not been born or had he not been allowed to invest his money in projects he saw fit. Wealth disparity that is driven by arbitrary capital allocation by the Government or Central Bank is a problem because it is not reflective of productivity increases or the value a recipient has actually contributed to society. So that's why Bitcoin can fix this stuff, it makes it impossible to cheat because everything is public record.
@_date: 2014-06-26 04:21:37
If no one has any extra bolivars for savings where to the Bolivars for the booming black market come from? 
@_date: 2014-01-16 05:03:35
If the price of the dollar drops (inflation) how would the Fed stop it? Could they raise interest rates? That would mean paying higher rates on deposits to encourage people to park dollars at the Fed, the only problem is they are sitting on $4 Trillion of fixed income assets with an average weighted maturity of about 13 years and rate of 3-4%, so if they try to raise rates about 4% they will be paying more in deposits than they collect as income on investments. That doesn't work. In 2007 the Fed was the only solvent bank in the US, and in the past 7 years Bernanke has turned it into the most leveraged carry-fund in history. I'm not sure there's a backstop left from the Fed.
@_date: 2014-01-06 22:11:13
Thanks. 5% fee might be a deal breaker but maybe just to get traction.
@_date: 2014-02-02 14:56:14
The cost of oil extraction is declining. With the US boom and the increased NG production out of Qatar the oil supply is actually growing. Oil represents a vital but limited resource, so serves as a very good barometer for currency debasement. Even nations like Japan and India that don't have large external debts face pressure on their currency from their need to import oil. The collapse in EM is entirely because of Fed policy. When you borrow a dollar and agree to repay it at sometime in the future it is the same as shorting a stock. If a company is issuing $85 billion new shares a month, covering your short position is fairly easy. If that company abruptly decides it is no longer going to issue new shares and may even start buying back shares in the next few years, suddenly your ability to cover your short position gets harder. If the entire world is short that asset, you are looking at a potential massive short squeeze. Fed starts taper, sets timeline for rate increase, everyone scrambles to cover their dollar short positions, you get a global short squeeze larger than any seen before. This is going to get ugly.
@_date: 2014-02-14 04:34:51
Porn sites pay 10% + in fees to process credit card transactions because they have such high fraud rates (chargebacks). Bitcoin offers much lower transaction fees with the added benefit of anonymity. So no, I don't think you get it in this case. When a mom and pop diner advertises they are accepting Bitcoin then yes it's probably just a marketing ploy or show of support with no actual economic benefit from BTC itself. In the case on selling digital content, BTC has meaningful economic advantages. The fact that they are going to instantly cash everything into dollars is another story all together.
@_date: 2014-03-03 00:29:38
You can buy Hryvnia, especially Hyrvnia that are frozen in bank accounts, because unlike those bank deposits Bitcoins can be taken out of the country and converted in Euros or Dollars.
@_date: 2014-01-16 05:07:10
Well what you would need is a friend at a Japanese (or any foreign bank) that could help your make the transfers for cheap and you give them a cut. The reality is that transferring funds doesn't cost anything, its just digital now days, the transfer fees are remnants of the old system that banks have, for very obvious, lucrative reasons, been reluctant to give up. I agree though, while it is possible the market is too small now that you would blow up the arbitrage in like 2 days. 
@_date: 2014-02-17 18:22:23
This benefits Bitcoin but really it is just a disaster for Italian banks. They don't have jurisdiction over other EU banks so there is nothing stopping people from opening Deutsche Bank accounts and just withdrawing their Euros from their branches. The only thing his will do is further drive capital out of the already under capitalized Italian banking system. The reality is even if your deposits are in Deutsche bank to avoid confiscation by Italian banks! the ECB will use them to bail out the Italian banks via OMT anyways. Europe is in trouble...
@_date: 2014-02-03 16:15:53
This is the reason Argentina goes bankrupt every 10 years. Do you think it's a coincidence? Is the country just really, really unlucky? Or do they continue to make horrible political decisions, try to steal private property, and ultimately run out of things to nationalize and go bankrupt? Just because you vote to steal private property doesn't make it justifiable nor does it bind people to respect it. If I invest my hard earned money into a vineyard in Mendoza, workers there labor to produce wine, then we sell it to customers for a profit, what gives you the right to steal those profits as your own? What did you do to earn any of it? You don't have the right to steal peoples property, no matter how much you dress it up as righteousness. If you continue to steal private property like Argentine has, no one will invest their time, money, or labor in the country. That is why Argentine is bankrupt, yet again. 
@_date: 2014-02-02 23:18:02
What's the value of Lehman common equity? 
@_date: 2014-01-12 03:51:17
I'm guessing the math is $130,000 in revenues with a profit margin of 2.5-3%, assuming credit card fees of 3% and BTC fee of 1% pushes profit margin up 2% to 4.5-5%. So $130,000 in BTC at 5% margin is $6,500. At a CC profit margin of 3% in order to make $6,500 in profits you need R*.03=$6,500 so R=$217,000. I don't know how accurate those percentages are but that's roughly the numbers I've heard floated around.
@_date: 2014-01-20 05:32:45
These defaults are coming. They will probably push it off a few months to years but they're not going to be able to keep inflation in check and prevent defaults.
@_date: 2014-07-31 22:24:14
Someone needs to build out a Hyrvnia/BTC exchange platform even if it's just small and done on hand to hands in Ukraine. The banks are going to implement capital controls there soon and inflation will really bite if you can't store value elsewhere.
@_date: 2014-11-21 05:43:27
Well depends how you define 'amazing' if visiting the murder capital of the world where you can't buy milk, eggs, or toilet paper without getting finger printed then yes, it could be an amazing vacation. I think most Venezuelans would advise against taking a trip there at the moment, it's very unstable currently.
@_date: 2014-01-13 02:24:42
BTC has a market cap of 10.3B, meaing 1% is $103 million. Seeing as average daily volume in BTC trade is in the $30M range please explain how you would liquidate 3-4x the daily total volume without affecting the price? The reason Coinbase limits sales is because there isn't sufficient liquidity in the market. If Coinbase offered to do $5M a day per account they would soon realize that they were the market and have no one to cover the other end of the trade. If Coinbase can't liquidate at that rate how do you figure an ETF would be able to? 
You're not a Wall St person I take it.
@_date: 2014-01-08 04:47:04
The beauty of capitalism, the ones that do business only in cash still have to file taxes. Bitcoin is far more efficient, so the merchants that use it will have lower costs and therefore more customers.
@_date: 2014-03-08 15:41:41
I agree but the problem is what can you buy in Venezuela with Bitcoins? Pretty much nothing, so in order for them to be a viable currency in Venezuela there has to be a means of converting them into purchasing power. Exchanging Bitcoins for VEF will allow people to convert Bitcoins into local purchasing power. Once that is established the risk of holding Bitcoins is much less as people know they will be able to convert them into purchasing power. At that point more venders will accept them because they know they can convert them to VEF in order to pay their bills. 
@_date: 2014-02-02 22:41:19
As Dick Fuld will tell you, it depends how long your margin call is, but once you need the cash flows and hit a forced liquidation you'll have to mark to market. If there is no buyer, he market price is zero.
@_date: 2014-01-13 01:20:19
You think the Winklevoss ETF could liquidate their 1% of total BTC holding without influencing the price? And how is the ETF not a 3rd party? You are paying a 3rd party dollars to purchase BTC for you, why does it matter if it is the ETF or Coinbase? Except that Coinbase is cheaper.
@_date: 2014-02-01 19:58:52
I would be careful investing in a company just because they are accepting bitcoin. I love what Byrnes is doing, but online retail could be in for a rough stretch as US wages stagnate/decline, the cost of living increases, and fuel costs continue to climb. That's a recipe for disaster for online retailers as discretionary spending slumps, sales decline, and profit margins get squeezed on shipping costa. Bitcoin doesn't solve any of those problems for Overstock or Amazon. Long term yes bit coin will be huge for online retail, will a painful financial squeeze on the sector preceded that and crush equity stake holders? Quite possibly.
@_date: 2014-01-31 22:02:16
You guys should post up outside a local western union and just pick people off on their way in. Just get a few in the MexicanAmerican community to figure it out and they'll spread the word to everyone else. Will go like wildfire.
@_date: 2014-01-12 17:16:30
Exactly, so long as people are able to buy in it there is a loop. Assuming the marijuana consumer provides something of value to society they can exchange for Bitcoins, they can exchange their Bitcoins for marijuana, dispensary exchanges Bitcoins for whatever services the consumer provides. 
The real value people overlook is that these dispensaries are cut off from traditional financial products. This is going to be huge business, but it is hard to make a capital investment in a business that can only operate in cash. I'm not going to hand someone a briefcase with $5 mil to invest in openning new chains up and down California. It is too hard to collect on the loans. If you finance these with Bitcoins (I loan the dispensary 100 BTC, they repay me 110 BTC in a year) now they can invest, increase their sales, and will have a reason to keep their sales in BTC as they owe it back to the lender. Presto you created future demand for Bitcoins and stabalized the value.
@_date: 2014-02-03 06:28:39
Anything you can export from Argentina you can make a profit on currency arbitrage. Wine is just one of the easier ones because other big exports like Soy are too closely tied to the government and big industry. Wine has smaller companies that could operate under the radar more easily.
The other thing with Bitcoin is it is good for investment. If there was a small Vineyard in Argentina that produced quality wine that we could sell in the US, investors in the US could invest Bitcoin loans into the company to increase production, and have the loans repaid in Bitcoin. This would be a much easier way to make international capital investments than having to go through the Argentine banking system which is completely corrupted.
@_date: 2014-02-26 19:11:45
This is great, would love to help from Miami. How are you converting the Bitcoins into Bolivars and getting the Bolivars to the protesters?
@_date: 2014-11-21 20:26:06
I think bitcoin will outlast the current Maduro regime, they are teetering on insolvency and with oil at $80/barrel they are in big trouble. Any capital flight via BTC could cripple the place.
@_date: 2014-01-09 02:56:38
The technology seems to exist now. I'm a finance person not a computer science, but it seems like it should be a very easy add on. 
(^happy now?)
Once you have that then you can introduce the possibility of verifying your private key with other personal information such as linking it to a facebook, twitter, email, or linkedin account. This would be beneficial if you have good credit in the dollar credit system that would translate to the BTC system (Warren Buffet would have a strong incentive to prove his private key is actually him because people would much more readily lend Warren Buffet money than some anonymous account). 
@_date: 2014-06-21 12:58:54
Yes it certainly isn't aimed at Average Joe looking to spend his BTC, but if you're someone working in a place like China, Argentina, or Venezuela where capital controls mean the government can seize all your savings at will makes it attractive.
@_date: 2014-02-03 06:24:50
How can people be pricing things in USD? That is just blatantly breaking the capital control laws. Don't they have set prices for government subsidized imports? The socialist model is that the government dictates pricing, if they are allowing retailers to price in USD then what is the point of having capital controls in the first place? They must be subsidizing certain sectors with public funds. Those certain sectors have access to the official exchange rate, so they can get dollars at 8:1. That means the government is selling public foreign reserves at a 33% discount to the actual rate of 12:1. Do those companies then price things in dollars? Or do they price them in pesos at a below market prices? In which case that is where the arbitrage comes in. Energy for example is subsidized by the government, so as a vineyard your energy costs are priced at below market in Peso terms, therefore you are able to price below the global market price because you are paying below market price for your energy input, and that price difference is what gets drained from the forex reserves. If you repatriate the dollar revenues back through the central bank you would return the subsidy, but no one does they just keep the dollars off the books in foreign banks. Bitcoin seems like it would be a much easier way to do it, as you could have access to your savings rather than having them in a foreign bank account.
@_date: 2014-01-23 21:24:38
People on the ground need to develop a BTC banking system there as an alternative to the current fiat systems. Show it works there and it's game over.
@_date: 2014-02-03 16:17:13
Sounds good, I'll PM you
@_date: 2014-01-15 05:43:30
Don't look at Bitcoins as an investment, they aren't just like dollars aren't. If you use the bitcoins to buy something that makes you more productive then it is an investment. If you use them to fund a project then it is an investment. If you put it in cold storage it is just a store value, albeit a likely better one than dollars. So don't sell the BTC for dollars and then just put the dollars into a savings account, you'll lose money. If you can use it to grow your website, and gain skills that you can use going forward to earn more Bitcoins then that is an investment. You're 16, you're value isn't denominated in Bitcoibs or Dollars, it's denominated in the future potential productivity you have, and you can exchange that for whatever you want be it Dollars, Bitxoins, Euros, or Gold. Keep a blog on your website what you do with them. Invite investment ideas from the community. You'll learn more from doing that than you'll ever learn in school.
@_date: 2014-01-26 16:59:12
If you are South African you should set up a Bitcoin investment fund with two goals
1. Convert Rand to BTC, potentially even borrowed Rand, as the Rand is going to get killed I the coming months on weakness in China. This amounts to a short Rand long BTC position, which like the short Rand long USD looks very attractive at the moment.
2. Invest in local companies to use BTC. The idea behind this is two fold, you would increase the use of BTC in South Africa, further strengthening your short Rand long BTC position, and also allows you to make productive capital investments. Find locals who can make things to be exported and export them for BTC. 
If you showed you could actually set this up right, I'm sure you could find willing investors in the Bitcoin. Community as it would benefit all of us.
@_date: 2014-01-18 16:34:15
I agree with the sentiment, but you're off on the economics of it. If you are collecting your wages in dollars, and taking half of them and swapping into Bitcoin, the price of Bitcoin will rise, and the value of your Bitcoins will rise, however the value of the dollars decline. So from a cash on hand standpoint you probably break even, the amount you gain in Bitcoin you invested in is offset by the decline the value of your dollars. The problem is you signed a contract to trade your labor for a fixed dollar amount in the future, which is rapidly declining in value (as opposed to getting paid in Bitcoins). The real issue is that you are trading your labor for dollars. You go to work and get paid in dollars, which decline in value as Bitcoin rises. So your employer would look at it and say, "Well I agreed to pay you $50,000 a year, and dollars keep declining in value, so I will raise the price of my end product to make more money since my labor expenses are fixed". So imagine if your boss decided to charge customers in Bitcoins, he could then take the Bitcoins and sell them for the higher dollar value, pay you back your fixed dollar wages, and keep the profits. Imagine you worked for a grocery store. You would take your dollar paycheck, go to buy groceries, but it would all be priced in Bitcoin. You would now have to trade your dollars for Bitcoins at a significantly worse exchange than when you negotiated the labor contract. Very quickly gallon of milk will go from costing you 30 minutes of work to 2 hours of work. 
So what you really are proposing is that Millenials decide that our value is in our productive capacity. We have the potential to be more efficient than any generation at any time in the history of mankind simply because of technology. We are more interconnected, more tech savvy, and have greater access to information than any group of human beings ever. We have the advantage that we can choose denominate this huge potential productivity in whatever currency we want: Dollars, Euros, Yuan, Gold, or Bitcoins. The Dollar system allows the government to print new dollars and give them to the largest voting block, which isn't Millenials, so we shouldn't denominate our value in Dollars. Bitcoin is much more compelling. If our generation simply said we won't exchange our labor anything but Bitcoins, then the game changes. If Mark Zuckerberg said you can't use Facebook unless you pay in Bitcoins, people who wanted to use Facebook would have to acquire Bitcoins. If Sergie decided Google would do business in Bitcoins preferentially to local currencies that they have to deal with conversions and taxation, then anyone using Google services would need Bitcoins. Now Facebook and Google don't operate in a vacuum, they have to pay employees and suppliers, most of whom do not accept Bitcoins, so they would be forced to change back into dollars in order to pay wages and supplies. However if the majority of their operating costs are wages paid to young developers, and those young developers accept Bitcoins as wages, the game starts to change.
The biggest and fastest way for Millenials to flip the table would be for soldiers to decide they would rather get paid in Bitcoins, not in dollars, not in promised VA Benefits that never seem to materialize, but in a digital currency that they control and can use to purchase what they want. At that point the older generation would have to decide to either pay in Bitcoins, or go fight their own wars.
Now that's a rant.
@_date: 2014-02-27 01:38:14
I love the idea of paying people for iReports. Pay them in Bolivars or Bitcoins. Post the videos with a BTC address for donations, give them the option to take the BTC or the Bolivars. I have contacts in VZ who can process banking transactions and tons of people who have too many Bolivars they can't get out.
@_date: 2014-01-10 23:24:51
This isn't accurate, 4.3% of sales were in BTC, but that doesn't mean an increase in sales could just be people using BTC rather than USD.
@_date: 2014-02-03 17:19:05
Agreed, this is like saying "could email save the US Postal service?" By the time they get their act together they'll be years behind the technology and once again obsolete. USPS needs to go bankrupt.
@_date: 2014-01-23 19:55:58
Yes the only way retailers accepting BTC changes the price is if they sell the products at a lower price in BTC than in USD, at which point the USD value of BTC would instantly correct to that level (BTC would move 1-2% higher if the discount was 1-2%).
@_date: 2014-02-03 17:14:01
The problem is what you really need is the reverse. So let's say you have USD that you don't want to deposit into the bank to buy BTC on a registered exchange because you obtained it by criminal means. You want to exchange those USD for Bitcoins that you can cash out into clean dollars. The donut shop probably can't do that, because a customer paying in dollars who you refund in Bitcoins will raise eyebrows. Now if you're dealing drugs in Bitcoins, and want to use the donut shop to cash into dollars you could do that, although it would be pretty easy to track the blockchain to see that the bitcoins were acquired by illegal activity and then cashed at the donut shop.
@_date: 2014-02-04 22:32:11
Listen buddy, just sit back and watch the collapse and then tell me this whole socialist paradigm was a good idea. Taxes are expropriation. If you buy a house for $200,000 I can either seize your house, and immediately take your asset, or I can raise property taxes to 20%, collect $40,000 a year until I've drained all $200,000 out of your asset. In either case I seized your $200,000. There is no difference. Once you realize that you'll realize why your country continues to have no foreign investment and massive capital flights, resulting in bankruptcy every 10 years. Until then enjoy riots that are headed your way.
@_date: 2014-02-02 18:08:29
Market cap is the value of all outstanding shares. 
@_date: 2014-11-21 06:02:16
The question remains what does someone not residing in Venezuela want to hold VEF for? Especially seeing as it drops about 5% a week in value. What you need is someone in Venezuela who can actually use VEF to make a profit (in real terms not just VEF terms). For example someone mining BTC in Venezuela could pay their energy costs in VEF at the subsidized rate and 'produce' BTC which they could sell on your exchange to recoup the VEF to pay operating costs. I don't think your problem is a lack of market makers, it's that no one is willing to take the long VEF position because everyone knows it is going to depreciate rapidly. VEF is only good for consumption, which if you don't live in Venezuela you can't do as VEF buys nothing outside the country. You need remittance where people send $ earnings in BTC back to Venezuela and sell them for VEF that their family members then consume, or exporters who can get things out of Venezuela and sell them for $ and BTC. So scenario 2 goes like this (reverse of what Chinese do with Hong Kong) Exporter sells goods made in Venezuela to outsiders. They invoice the customer 20% of the actual price and hand those dollars over to the government. The government gives them VEF at the official rate 6:1. They then invoice the customer for the other 80% in Bitcoins. They sell the bitcoins for VEF on the exchange at the black market 125:1 rate. So a product that sells for $100 would return about 10,000 VEF. If their input costs are less than that they would generate a profit, assuming they don't get audited. Those are the only viable uses for VEF.
@_date: 2014-01-23 19:25:28
None of them are holding Bitcoin, they are just using it as a payment processor. So if I buy a bitcoin for $820, buy things from overstock or Tigerdirect for 1 BTC, then they sell the Bitcoin for $820, the price of BTC doesn't change because it was just a medium of exchange. If I buy 1 BTC for $820, buy product for 1 BTC, then Overstock or TD hold onto that bitcoin, the next time I want to buy a bitcoin there will be less available and the price will go up. A company simply accepting BTC as a medium of exchange doesn't change the market.
@_date: 2014-03-28 19:25:09
More importantly is it gives an outlet for Bitcoin holders. If you are in China and you realize all the banks are insolvent, the housing market is starting to crack, and the Yuan is losing value at its fastest pace in the modern era being able to convert to Bitcoins and then use Bitcoins to buy real estate in Australia is very valuable. You can then sell that real estate for Dollars or Euros outside of the Chinese financial system and avoid the chaotic unwind that everyone is slowly waking up to.
@_date: 2014-02-03 02:57:19
The BTC side would actually be much easier than dollar transfers. The pressure to get dollars out of Argentina is much higher than the demand to get dollars in, so anyone who can get dollars in and sell them for Pesos is at an advantage. The blue-rate is just going to continue to explode as Argentina runs out of reserves to defend the Peso, which is absolutely going to happen as the dollar strengthens on Fed tapering.
@_date: 2014-01-26 17:11:07
Where is 'too the moon guy'?! (Still hungover from the Clevelander?)
@_date: 2014-11-21 05:49:20
96% of its export revenue is oil, so yes there is nothing else there. The only other industry is contraband. The government sells oil for dollars, then gives dollars to certain companies to import goods which they sell at subsidized prices. Those goods get bought up instantly and most are either resold at higher prices, hoarded as a store value against inflation, or most often transported to Colombia to be sold at market value, gaining a profit of whatever the government subsidy was. The socialists have destroyed that place.
@_date: 2014-02-03 07:29:48
Exactly so that's my idea. You take one of these small to medium sized Vineyards that produces say 200 cases a year and ask "How much capital investment would you need to produce 1,000 cases a year?" You then make that capital investment in Bitcoins. They sell the Bitcoi a for Pesos, because there is huge demand for Bitcoins sales since everyone wants out of the Peso. The Vineyard uses the Pesos to make capital investment and expand the production. They sell the wine for Bitcoins, and repay the Bitcoin loans. You would simultaneously make it possible for individuals around the world to invest in small Argentine companies while also providing liquidity to the local Argentine Bitcoin market. Plus you'd get a sh*t load of wine.
@_date: 2014-01-18 18:35:07
That is true (Many Young people I know are skeptical about Bitcoin), although there is also a sizable number of young people who, between student loans, under/unemployment, and taxes are equally disenchanted with the dollar economy. I agree with your internet analogy, it seems to be a very similar trend. I think that further enhances the argument that Millenials take charge of Bitcoin adoption, as it tends to be the younger generations that adopt new technologies. The internet didn't become integrated from a top down approach where one day the governing older generation decided "The USPS is no longer going to deliver physical mail, all letters have to be sent via email" Young, tech savvy people realized it was orders of magnitude more efficient to send emails, and larger firms either adapted along or were competed out of existence (or continued to run multi-billion dollar annual losses by running an archaic business, only to survive on tax payer cash infusions). 
@_date: 2014-02-02 23:51:26
An asset cannot have a value below zero. Nuclear waste is a liability, which by definition has a negative value. If there is no buyer for an asset, meaning no one will pay anything for it, it's value is zero as it cannot be lower than that.
@_date: 2014-01-12 03:55:40
The real game changer will be if they start passing those savings on to customers. If BTC allows them to drop prices by 1% that makes them hugely more competitive. If some googles "Buy iPad online" and Amazon lists it at $500 and Overstock at $495 people are going to just click the $495. 
@_date: 2014-02-03 17:23:14
Yea but at the end of the day, you need a car and now you can't buy it for Pesos (or more accurately you will have to pay the dollar market value of the car in pesos at the black market rate, plus a scarcity mark up). However if having a car makes you more competitive in the local market than other companies, it may be a good investment. Argentina is headed the same way Venezuela has gone, where soon you won't be able to buy airline tickets for Pesos like you can't buy airline tickets for Bolivars. If you do all your commerce in Bitcoins you won't have to worry about it. It is more than just being able to protect your savings from Peso inflation, it is that you are actually able to conduct business and price financial assets, something that isn't possible if your currency can lose 20% of its value in 4 days. 
@_date: 2014-07-31 23:42:54
Localbitcoins.com is your best bet. Other options: 
@_date: 2014-11-21 06:13:08
I live in Miami as well and agree. The government isn't going to embrace bitcoin in Venezuela, it's an easy way around the capital controls. It's certainly a better way than cash though. If people are traveling from VZ to Doral and looking for currency exchanges Bitcoin is a much better way. We could certainly do more to promote how easy it is to get USD from your Bitcoins, which will make them more attractive to Venezuelans. Are you involved in any BTC ventures currently?
@_date: 2014-06-10 22:44:43
Why would you ever declare any of it? How would the authorities track your BTC unless you told them.
@_date: 2014-02-02 18:04:10
The price of oil extraction in dollars is a reflection of the devaluation of the dollar, not difficulty in extracting oil. The issue coming is that much if this oil was consumed by the US and China for non productive purposes that were financed by credit expansion. As this slows, the demand for oil tapers off. That makes the fracking and shale reserves potentially unprofitable from a cost of extraction standpoint. The world isn't running out of oil and new technology allows us to get more from each barrel, the price changes are results of manipulation in the financial sector.
@_date: 2014-02-16 06:19:20
So you need two things, a bank to handle the bolivar transfers and an exporter to invoice sales at below market price and collect some payment in bitcoins. I have a partner in VZ that has the banking side covered. We need exporters. 
In terms of the Government, you have to realize they have no power. Sell your products for Bitcoins, not bolivars. If the government comes to shut you down, just shut down, just do not work for Bolivars. If the productive class in Venezuela just refused to exchange their goods and services for Bolivars the whole charade would collapse. Force the government to admit what they are doing. If you run a shop that won't accept Bolivars, make them shut you down. If you provided valuable goods to your community that will become scarce because of the government shutdown it will force people to realize who the actual producers of value are in the country. 
@_date: 2014-01-09 02:44:54
Use coinbase it transfers for free only charges to cash BTC to dollars. Blockchain is good for large transfers but if you are sending .02 the .005 fee ends up being 25%, where as if you send 20 the .005 is 0.025% which is pretty negligible. 
@_date: 2014-02-03 02:23:34
Thanks, I'll look into it. I was hoping to find people familiar with Bitcoin and some connection to the wine export industry just because it's a little easier to explain the concept of Bitcoin to them, but definitely worth reaching out.
@_date: 2014-02-07 03:07:47
Who's John Galt?
@_date: 2014-01-14 20:41:57
It would have to be actual shares, meaning you have claims over the retained earnings of the company. Futures contracts still imply that the counterparty has the shares in hand and will offer to sell them for the option price some time in the future. There is demand for it, simply because there is demand for google shares, so if you were selling them for BTC people would buy them knowing they are very liquid assets in the USD market. The question is how much do you trust icbit.se as a counterparty in that trade to actually deliver the shares.
@_date: 2014-02-02 15:01:33
If there is no trade volume you cannot have a price, and therefor cannot have a market cap. I could say my bitcoin is worth $10T, no one would buy it, would the market cap now be $10Trillion? The fact that the price is stable while more coins are issued means the total investment in increasing, i.e. the market cap is increasing. The price of an asset is only what someone else is willing to pay for it.
@_date: 2014-02-08 22:21:03
Thank you for your input 
@_date: 2014-01-26 23:54:18
This is going to be a wild couple of weeks. Everyone was asking where all the QE money was going, why they weren't seeing bubbles in the US and Japan, Ben Bernanke presents: China's shadow banking and the Emerging Markets meltdown. 
@_date: 2014-01-14 20:39:18
Well theoretically all the paper gold is backed up by actual gold somewhere. In reality that probably isn't the case and someone is going to end up on the short end of a Ponzi unwind, but so long as you can find a greater fool to sell to the paper asset has value.
@_date: 2014-01-24 17:52:21
You're electronics example is just illustrating my point. You buy a new computer because it improves your productivity so the capital investment increases your ability to generate revenues in the future. So while the price may decline by 5% next year! it increases your productivity by 7% so you make money. 
Again deflation doesn't encourage thrift unless any investment doesn't lead to productive growth. So if you have created a massive credit bubble hat caused huge capital misallocation, the yes I would sit on my dollars and wait for the credit squeeze to bring prices down because there is nothing worth investing in. That isn't a monetary policy issue, that is simply people over extending themselves with credit, which if you don't allow the market to punish them for they will keep doing. 
Inflation and debt don't drive growth. Limited resources drives growth because it mandates that the inky way to get a bigger piece of the pie is to be more efficient and more productive. That is the goal of all economies, more productivity. To create more goods and services with the same limited resources. Inflation just allows the non productive ventures to be bailed out at the expense oft he productive ones, and stagnates growth. 
By you're logic Venezuela must be he most productive economy in the world, inflation rages at 54%. Watch the emerging markets, watch China, watch Abenomics play out, then decide if you still believe this monetary policy voodoo.
@_date: 2014-02-17 16:32:28
I know people in Colombia, Argentina, and VZ. What is happening in VZ will be in Argentina within a year. The situation in Venezuela just underscores the opportunity. Their financial system is in shambles. You can't buy anything with Bolivars. Introducing bitcoins gets around the capital controls as it would allow people to save their earrings in a more stable currency that can't be devalued by the government. It also would allow foreign investment in locals. I could lend bitcoin to a Venezuelan and have them repay me in bitcoins. I can't do that with Bolivars or dollars. 
@_date: 2014-01-31 22:24:26
In terms of regulations, if you are simply a bitcoin exchange in Mexico you would be ok. The issue of converting dollars in the US into Bitcoin would take a license, but doesn't seem that cumbersome. That way you aren't an international money transfer company, you're an exchange in the US and an exchange in Mexico. Dollars aren't being sent anywhere, bitcoins are being sent. So migrant worker comes in, pays $800, buys 1 Bitcoin like coinbase. You collect small fee like coinbase. That bitcoin goes to their wallet, which is held on the coincove site again like coinbase but for Mexico. Via your banking partner in Mexico the customer can sell the bitcoin back to coincove and withdraw funds to their Mexican bank account. That way they could chose to keep their money in BTC if they want, knowing they have liquidity on both the US and Mexican end of the deal. 
@_date: 2014-01-16 06:31:09
I want to believe the cat is out of the bag now and can never be put back in. Big banks can get involved, but if they continue to function on the dollar regime they are subject to the regulations that hinder the dollar. The fact that Wells Fargo is pursuing BTC to me says they are looking over their shoulder and thinking "this thing might be legit". If they thought BTC was a blip on the radar and was going to collapse in the next year or two they wouldn't risk the regulatory backlash in getting involved. Will there be friction as the BTC and regulatory USD worlds collide, for sure, but I think BTC will pull things towards the decentralized end more than the USD pulls BTC towards centralization. 
@_date: 2014-01-12 03:26:06
I'm not sure why the dispensaries wouldn't do this regardless. Think of what happened to the online poker sites where the Feds either initially sanctioned it or withheld a ruling on it and then froze all the accounts. If you do your banking in USD and at some point in the future Confress decides to start enforcing the Federal anti drug laws they can seize your accounts, no questions asked because you would have already given them the evidence you obtained the money through illegal means. Just use BTC as a payment system, you can still store dollars in your bank account after selling on Coinbase or Bitpay but those dollars would have no connection to the marijuana dispensary. 
@_date: 2014-02-18 21:59:14
Bitcoin is illegal in Russia, Russia is calling the shots in Ukraine, any guesses how this story ends? The Bitcoin community should help the protesters in Ukraine to finance their efforts outside of the Ukranian banking system. That way when the government collapses they have a means of avoiding having their assets stolen.
@_date: 2014-02-05 06:06:17
Anyone out there know someone actually running one of these dispensaries? This is going to be a huge industry and is desperately lacking banking services and capital investment. If there's anyone out there who actually owns or operates one of these dispensaries I would be very interested in possible BTC investments. Investors can loan Bitcoins, borrowers cash them into dollars, invest dollars to expand their dispensaries, sell products for Bitcoins, repay Bitcoin loans. You'd close the supply chain loop for Bitcoins as you would be able to sell product for Bitcoin and pay suppliers (in this case capital suppliers) in Bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-02-03 05:41:08
Ok but lets say you have your savings in dollars in a foreign account. Now you retire and you want to consume your savings, how do you get the dollars back into Argentina without losing all your purchasing power through the official exchange rate? There is only so much you can move via street currency exchangers.
@_date: 2014-01-18 16:49:45
But what if you are a retailer and pricing things in Bitcoins? If I wanted to compare the price at two retailers, it is easier to think of 55 mBTC vs 48 mBTC rather than 0.055 BTC vs 0.048 BTC. It's just easier for commerce. 
@_date: 2014-02-17 05:44:43
They just introduced capital controls, so you can no longer convert Ukranian hyrvnia to Euros or dollars. It's a way to seize assets and prevent capital flight. If they allow bitcoin a to be exchanged for hyrvnia then the bitcoins can be converted to Euros or dollars, and citizens can prevent their assets from being seized. They have to ban bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-01-15 21:34:14
Yes but you can't get money into a US account from Gox. So you could Buy on Coinbase, transfer to Gox, sell to a Japanese account, international wire transfer from Japanese account to US account. I don't know what the fees are for that, but judging by the difference in Gox to Coinbase prices I would guess they come out to around $104. You can try it, if it works bots could run a huge arbitrage.
@_date: 2014-02-04 05:42:35
I didn't realize you didn't have to pay for water in Argentina? And theres no gasoline tax there? Electricity is free as well? Or do I have to pay all that already and then an added expropriation to give subsidies to pay for government gifts to their friends? Please, in your infinite wisdom on economics, explain to me how Argentina has managed to be such a beacon of economic success while the rest of the world has struggled so much? Oh no wait Argentina has the worst economic track record of any country outside of Africa. The reason they do is because fools like you keep voting for socialists who expropriate assets. What is the difference if I nationalize your company and take over all the profits, or if I raise the taxes on your business so that you pay all your profits in taxes? Theft is theft, stop deluding yourself. You can keep voting for socialists, and you will keep running out of things to steal and going bankrupt. Or Argentina can wake up and take some responsibility and start earning an honest living without trying to steal from everyone else.
@_date: 2014-02-03 07:02:07
Yea you become Venezuela pretty quickly, with military enforced price setting, which leads to either massive inflation with black market pricing (what happens now in Argentina) or massive shortages (what is happening in Venezuela and Cuba and how the Soviet Union dissolved). The idea with Bitcoin is you can repatriate your purchasing power in a way that the government or banks cannot steal it. That's incredibly valuable in Argentina and Venezuela.
I think people who live inside e system have a hard time seeing the big picture of exactly how the finances work out. But if you just track the money you'll see where the leaks are.
@_date: 2014-01-21 02:31:29
No they aren't, India and China have over 2.5 Billion people, Japan as 125 million and falling rapidly. So 70% is 88 million. You know what percent of China's population that is? 6.7% so your 70% share of Japan is a 6.7% share of China (yes not everyone in China has a smartphone, but a lot more than 88 million do). 
@_date: 2014-01-11 06:57:57
Not for the first $1M in merchant transactions, as toomim says (
@_date: 2014-02-07 06:54:55
So wine is something you can procure with pesos and export. So the way I would structure it is a vineyard in Argentina sells $1000 of wine to a distributor in Miami. They invoice them for say $500, which goes into the central bank and comes out at the official rate of 4,000 pesos. However they also receive $500 in bitcoins that the government doesn't see and never goes through the banks. Taxes etc are paid on the 4,000 pesos. The $500 in bitcoins are sold for the 12:1 exchange rate, netting 6,000 pesos. All told you sell $1,000 of wine for 10,000 pesos, or a 10:1 exchange rate. You can tweet the numbers however you want to make the enterprise profitable, if that means taking $300 for the wine and $700 in bitcoin, yielding 10,800 pesos for the wine, etc. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 20:24:34
Great work, keep it up.
@_date: 2014-11-22 17:07:21
How can you sell it for 8000 USD? Don't make the mistake of thinking VEF is equivalent to dollars or euros or other currencies, Venezuela has capital controls. If you go to a bank in Venezuela and give them 1 USD they will give you 6.3 bolivars, if you then immediately change your mind and ask them to exchange your 6.3 bolivars back for your dollar they will tell you no. In order to exchange bolivars for dollars at the official rate you need a permit from the government. You would then have to take your bolivars to a currency trader on the black market who would give you about 5 cents for them. In the process the government would have taken 95 cents from you. The real exchange rate for bolivars is 125:1 ( so if you sell a bit coin for 50,000 bolivars it's worth about $400, minus the costs it takes to convert your bolivars back to dollars in the black market. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 04:01:19
Yea if you were able to buy actual goods and services with Gox coins. If you live in Ukraine and plan to be there in the future, you can sell Bitcoins for Hryvnia deposits which can still buy hings win, just not make large withdrawals. Sell bitcoins for frozen Hryvnia that people want to get out of the country and buy a new house with your Gox coins.
@_date: 2014-02-03 17:01:13
So here's another prime market for Bitcoin in Argentina. If you export anything of value out of the country, do so in exchange for Bitcoins, use the Bitcoins to buy cars, cut the government out of the whole thing.
@_date: 2014-01-11 06:55:39
I don't disagree and completely support the measure (I made my first ever purchase from Overstock entirely because I could use BTC), but BTC's many merits should be emphasized through solid evidence. I don't doubt Overstock recruited new customers (myself included) it otherwise wouldn't have had were it not for BTC, but to assume all 4.3% were new customers is unnecessarily misleading. BTC has huge merits, it doesn't need misleading headlines.
@_date: 2014-01-17 18:28:25
I think the misconception is that you need the average person to adopt  Bitcoin for it to succeed. You just need the productive, innovative tier to integrate  Bitcoin. If global technological innovation gets priced in BTC then if the average person wants access to it they will need to convert fiat to BTC. They don't have to understand how BTC works, just that if they want a new app or computer program they need to buy it in BTC.
@_date: 2014-01-22 21:35:59
Deflation isn't a bad thing. It cost more to buy a gallon of gas today than it did 10 years ago, despite the fact that we are markedly more efficient at generating gas. Inflation is and everywhere a monetary phenomenon. The whole Keynesian theory is flawed, as is this article, which you can tell because the authors first premise is that "in the contemporary world governments are pre-eminent social guardians"  Thanks for the insight Carl Marx. I'll take my decentralized social guardian over your central currency any day.
@_date: 2014-01-06 22:09:57
I live in Miami, the Costa Rica house is only a vacation home so the Coinbase account would clear to a US account. I am actually working with some locals in San Jose to try to set up a BTC exchange there. Most places accept both Dollars and Colognes. I'm hoping the locals will jump on board with the Bitcoin trend as it would be hugely valuable since they lack access to traditional banking systems.
@_date: 2014-03-03 00:25:36
What are these non liquid assets? It is one thing to patch a liquidity crisis with capital controls, patching a capital crisis with capital controls is theft. Ukraine undeniably has the latter. A huge number of bank loans, including the Ukrainian government bonds which rest assured the banks are atuffed to the gills with, are facing a real likelihood of default. That isn't a liquidity issue, that is a capital issue. If you're holding bonds from a government that no longer exists, you might have a capital crisis.
@_date: 2014-01-20 19:43:23
Bitcoin is most relevant in developing nations, where Apple and ios actually don't have nearly as strong of market share as in the wealthier areas. Samsung/Android has much bigger share in Asia, which needless to say translates into a lot of people.
@_date: 2014-02-14 02:03:20
Be safe. You can wage economic war much more efficiently there than militant. If you can make a business or foundation to earn Bitcoins, we can exchange them for Bolivars at the black market rate. That way you can purchase supplies to help the freedom movement. If you worked to promote Bitcoin I think the community would be willing to help. Venezuela is a very wealthy nation in terms of resources, it has just been hijacked by the insane socialist policies.
@_date: 2014-01-13 01:22:58
Can you log onto your computer and instantly have gold delivered to your safety deposit box? Or is gold harder to buy than BTC and hence has some utility by having an ETF make the purchases for you?
@_date: 2014-02-08 22:20:48
Thank you for your input
@_date: 2014-02-03 04:31:07
Anyone who uses the black market, or sells bitcoins in Argentina for that matter is stealing from the government. The fact that there is a black market means a lot of people are stealing from the government. They do this because everyone knows the government is corrupt, has been stealing from the foreign reserves, and is going to default on its debt. By all means hold your pesos, I'm sure the government will gladly redeem them for dollars in the future...just like they always do when this happens or maybe theyll just devalue the currency and skip town with all the money. There's not enough money to go around, don't be a fool.
@_date: 2014-02-17 05:36:24
Keep up the good work. Try to penetrate Venezuela and Argentina, that's where the most pressing demand for legitimate currencies is at the moment
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:41:44
True but bitcoins aren't infinitely divisible, a Satoshi is the smallest indivisible unit. That being said you could always take a single Satoshi and out it in storage and launch a new coin backed by that  Satoshi (or pool of Satoshis) effectively making it infinitely divisible. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 16:51:44
Can you then purchase gift cards for bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-01-26 16:47:46
I wouldn't loan you bitcoins on a dollar basis. The whole fluctuating interest rate issue is just a consequence of monetary expansion. If I wanted to save ,y money I would simply hold onto my bitcoins. If I wanted to earn investment income I would lend them to someone to make a capital investment to improve productivity and return more value in the future. I could lend you a  Bitcoin today and request 1 bit coin back in a year from now, if I truly believe BTC will have a very large deflationary course. Would that change anything than if I lent you 1 used and request 1.10 USD in  a year? How do you predict what the interest rate of a dollar will be? It is very hard because the Fed can arbitrarily change it whenever they want. How do you predict what the real interest rate of a BTC will be? Well you know exactly how many are being created, so you know the BTC supply, the only unknown variable is the supply of goods and services. That means it is just a measure of global productivity, nothing else. If you have an investment that will be more productive than the general global population you should make it because you'll earn a better return. Stop thinking about things in dollar terms, imagine you lived in Argentina and try to price loans in Peso terms where inflation ranges from 10-30% in a given year.  How do you price hose loans? Is that inflationary environment superior to a predictable deflationary BTC system? The developed world clings to this inflation is good theory because when they print dollars, hey don't print them and buy Argentine debt with it, hey print it and buy US/Euro/Japanese government debt. This helps enhance those governments purchasing power tremendously, which wouldn't exist in the BTC system. The only way to get more BTC is to earn them.
@_date: 2014-02-27 04:07:20
If you can sell shoes for Bitcoins, and never have to go through the Federal Reserve US Dollar payment system, you can sell anything from Iran for bitcoins. Evert time you read gold jaut say bitcoin:
Important note all parties involved are in jail so yea to karma hawks point, if you're able to sell legitimate things better off doing that. Just kind of interesting.
@_date: 2014-02-14 04:22:57
So the problem is that most of their customers have nothing of value, because Bolivars aren't worth anything. As you note the government doesn't have the authority to set price controls for imports, as no importer will sell anything for Bolivars. That means if you are a shop keeper you shouldn't sell anything for Bolivars at any price, because Bolivars aren't worth anything. If the people of Venezuela cannot acquire bitcoins that means they have nothing to trade in exchange for them, which would imply that they have no productive value. The reality is they have become dependent on hand outs from the oil dollars which have run out. There is no way the government can enforce the price controls, the best they can do is send the military in and seize shopkeepers inventory. Once the Venezuelan people decide they will not trade their labor for Bolivars the government loses it's control. So long as people continue with idea that Bolivars hold any value the government will maintain power because it controls the supply of Bolivars. Again, it is much easier to move Bitcoins in and out of the country than cash. Just stop holding Bolivars and this whole game unravels. The government is bankrupt, just call them on it,
@_date: 2014-11-22 17:11:03
Find someone in Ukraine to partner with, their currency is collapsing as well and they're about to have capital controls.
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:49:10
The idea that all the coins disappeared overnight and are being held by some thief is unlikely. If you were stealing Bitcoins out of Gox you would be a fool not to be immediately selling them on another exchange for cash, seeing as your actions were bound to negatively effect the price of Bitcoins and potentially freeze the markets making them non convertible. There is a decent chance most of these coins have already been sold off, although I tend to doubt all of the coins disappeared without Gox noticing. They probably lost a lot and realized they were insolvent with the option of admitting it, and returning deposits at 0.5 BTC per BTC deposited, destroying their brand and any future in the market. Or plan B, cash out what you have left and say they were all stolen rather than only half. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 23:52:56
Can some of these funds be used to sue for slander? Even if he is Satoshi there is no credible evidence and you could certainly make the case this false accusation has caused him personal distress.
@_date: 2014-02-18 03:40:33
I've been trying to mobilize this as well. I actually have contacts in Venezueka who can exchange the Bitcoins for bolivars. This would be a great opportunity to show the power to do good that Bitcoins have, instead of just selling drugs.
@_date: 2014-02-27 02:24:14
Who is the guy selling these? He could make a fortune setting up an Iranian Lira Bitcoin exchange.
@_date: 2014-01-23 20:26:32
Where do the banks get the money?
@_date: 2014-01-13 00:51:40
But why would an institutional investor not just buy them from Coinbase? Why pay a fee to the Winkelvoss ETF? It seems like an added middleman. 
@_date: 2014-02-02 18:07:52
A market with no volume has no price. In 2008 Lehman had billions of dollars worth of mortgage bonds that it marked on its books for par value. There were no buyers for that, so while the last traded value was several billion, the real value was zero. Just because they didn't sell them doesn't change the mark to market reality. Bitcoin has volume in its trading so has a real price. If no one sells, meaning no one buys, then there is no actual price.
@_date: 2014-02-03 03:52:23
That's not true. Exporting brings much needed hard currency into the country, and actually eases the pressure on the exchange rate. Selling locally doesn't do anything to bolster the foreign reserves because you are just passing Pesos around to each other and still have to import oil, electronics, software, etc. As the cost of imports climbs, especially the most needed import being dollar loans which are sky high now, there is no way to maintain the reserves. The reason exporting is so restricted is because if you purchase anything inside the country that gets subsidized by the government, and then sell it outside the country for dollars, unless you filter those dollars through the central bank they never recoup the subsidy. They try to limit this by tracking how much you sell your exports for and then not allowing you to exchange your Pesos for dollars that could be moved out of the country. In that way all the capital flows in and none out unless the government authorizes. Predictably people develop a black market for dollars to get around that. If you are a large exporter and you try this you will eventually get audited and they will see you are not reporting all exports, but if you do what the Chinese do and create false invoices you can balance the books. So in this case you sell wine to an importer in Miami for X amount of Pesos or dollars, use those pesos/dollars to pay your wages, supplies, etc, pay taxes, book small profit, and everything adds up. However what the books don't show is that you also received a payment in Bitcoins for your wine in addition to the pesos/dollars. You can then either hold the Bitcoins, sell them to a foreign bank account for dollars, or cash them into Pesos in a domestic personal account (not recommended for large amounts of capital). Now you've broken the capital controls.
@_date: 2015-07-04 05:00:41
Bitcoin could help in Greece for people who import or need to make international payments that are blocked by the Greek banks but it isn't the save all people like to imagine it would be. The issue is that Greeks would have to buy Bitcoins with 'Greek Euros' aka Euros deposited and trapped in Greek banks (think bitcoins in Gox accounts when they blew up and froze withdrawals). These 'Greek Euros' would not trade at face value to actual Euros, but would be priced to the market expectation that Greek deposits take a haircut as well as how long the market foresees the capital controls to remain in Greece. In this case Bitcoins don't save any of the value Greeks have lost by depositing their Euros into insolvent Greek banks, but it at least allows them access to an international payment system.