@_author: ngngng5oaidefglkj
@_date: 2017-10-18 14:19:29
I wouldn't put more than 5-10% of your savings into crypto unless you're nuts or already rich. People who bought in a year ago just got lucky; people like me buying in now are just gambling, and I feel like there is a much bigger chance things will crash soon and it will take many years to recover. I'm counting on losing my money, but I'm in it for the small chance that things continue.
Max out retirement savings and put money into a Vanguard Index fund. Those are legit and you will get returns on that stuff. Even if you're young, there's no need to lose all your money. I did that, now I'm in my mid 30s with little savings, and I highly doubt I'll be able to catch up to where I would've been if I'd been a bit more level headed when I was 24. You've got around 45 years of working life, so if you lose 10 years of that to stupidity, you've lost a ton of ground.
@_date: 2017-10-18 15:08:59
I believe the recent boom over the last year is all about worries of currency devaluation. I don't think it has anything to do with the technology. If you believe long term that the world will move to crypto, then yeah there is definitely growth. I've been following Bitcoin since around 2012, and people have been talking about all these benefits for years, but the world doesn't seem to be getting on board. 
@_date: 2017-10-18 14:25:24
This is all about China driving up the price. I don't understand the politics, but if things stabilize, prices will drop. A lot of this may have to do with people who are uncertain about what will happen with the yuan. I'm guessing threats against China by Trump and the bigger issue is devaluation of currencies by different governments in Asia.
@_date: 2017-10-18 18:46:37
That article is such a joke. The first part is reference to a personal stylist talking about how to be cost effective with shopping. LOL. Poor people wear old t-shirts and thrift store clothing they got for $5. Rich people are spending a lot.
@_date: 2017-10-18 14:53:20
No, I don't agree. I don't think you know what frugal means or how rich people work. This is from wikipedia:


You're talking about being a good business person, not about being frugal. A frugal person is someone who spends little money and avoids any expensive social things. You talked about a dude owning 6 houses being frugal. LOL. The definition is simple. You can't throw around tons of cash and call yourself frugal because you made good investments. Should I call a millionaire art collector who clips coupons frugal? Fuck no, they just had the money to buy a guaranteed asset, and the other stuff they do is just idiotic behavior they picked up somewhere that has nothing to do with their wealth.
The whole "driving an old truck" thing is such bullshit anyway. Cost of car ownership is well known, and the cost of maintaining a late model sedan is cheaper than that old truck. Getting a Chevy Spark base model will be more cost effective than that old Ford truck. I've known people who brag about their cheap Toyota trucks....and I've seen them drop $2k-$3k on repairs every couple of years on something whether it's transmission, engine, or suspension work. Get a new Chevy Spark, drive it for 20 years, then send it to the junk pile. No reason to keep maintaining old cars, they just wear out eventually.
Rich people get rich by being good at business and investing. If you've ever known CEOs, they are extremely charismatic and they are obsessed with making money and making clients happy. Of course following budgets is important, but a good business person will spend gigantic sums of money if it makes sense to do so. This is highly opposed to being frugal. Some people have recently tried to change the term frugal to simply mean "cost effective", but that's in no way what being frugal means. Nobody in the business world talks about being frugal.
I've only seen this reversal online where people basically say the most rich people are the most frugal. I'm like, are you kidding? These guys are throwing around billions of dollars and you're going to say this is frugal behavior?
@_date: 2017-10-18 19:14:43
the whole frugal millionaire thing is such a joke. It's a bunch of smug people who are still big spenders, but not in flashy ways. People who do things like conserve hot water, that's just mental and not really saving any money. My apt charges a flat fee for water, so I might as well take super long hot showers.
@_date: 2017-10-18 14:15:28
Owning 6 homes and limiting hot water use is penny wise pound foolish stuff right there. Also, the ability to buy a bunch of real estate is a rich person thing. When you have complete financial security, you can safety drive an older car knowing you have the ability to buy a new engine or whatever at any moment.
Actual poor people wish they drive an old blue Ford truck. Poor people actually drive jalopies, like an old falling apart Kia, Mazda, or Chevy car (Malibu, Caprice, etc), nothing worth over $1000. Even poorer people just take the bus and live in a dump.
I've noticed having a high quality older used car is definitely a rich person thing to do. Yeah, you can get a 20 year old Land Cruiser for under $5000, but it's still not cheap enough for poor people.