@_author: ngsrizzen
@_date: 2017-09-24 14:29:18
A healthy dose of factual reddit info is definitely good.  I made the mistake of overconsuming reddit almost nonstop and it can be a challenge differentiating real news from the fake.  Don't become a zombie just reading posts, but definitely stay informed and form your own opinion and experience.
@_date: 2017-09-24 00:56:31
Two months... you're like a walking tank now =p
@_date: 2017-09-24 12:05:14
As the others are saying, when you're first starting out the quickest way to lose money is to try and time the market before understanding even the basics, and being swayed to sell by FUD (fear unknown and doubt) and scare tactics by market manipulators, rumors or fake news.
Generally speaking just holding on to the coins over a long period of time can by itself generate significant growth.  During this time though you can observe the market and how it evolves.  Don't sell when it goes down, and try not to freak out when it does =p.  Remember that in the traditional investment world investors only receive statements quarterly (every 3 months), and only if it is in the red at that point do they call their financial advisor, who can then reassure them and give them guidance.  We don't have any of that here really, and most folks check the prices multiple times per day, so that can be a recipe for heart conditions =P
Staying cool and taking emotion out of your decisions is probably the hardest but most important/valuable lesson this will teach you.  We've all lost money to a rash decision, and when you get burned like that you don't want it to happen again!
@_date: 2017-09-23 20:45:06
Hi, they are really only paying about 1% daily because of that 147% 100% of it is return of capital, just thought I would clarify.
For those who are more visual, I have a video explaining the Bitpetite product offering.
@_date: 2017-09-17 15:18:48
Just to add to this... I know there is alot of FUD about with Jamie Dimon statements, the big C and all the other stuff floating around... there will always be an opposing force to any great revolution, especially one with the proportions Bitcoin and crypto in general has taken, but let's not forget all the good things that are also happening: the developments, alt coins, new crypto services, projects, big companies endorsing Crypto and Bitcoin, crypto becoming more and more accessible with debit and credit cards, etc. etc.
Stay strong and confident and make the best of whatever situation you find yourself in. Don't get bullied or intimidated by these news, don't let your emotions take over and make you sell when you're scared or uncertain. And also, don't get swept in the FUD wave and scare everyone around you, be steadfast.
Many investors in crypto dont know much about investments or what is going on in this space and are easily scared. They need reassurance and for us to take these news for what they are and stay cool and level headed.
One of my favorite online mentors said "The main thing is to keep the main thing the main thing", and it is true!
Stay smart folks.
@_date: 2017-09-24 01:28:16
It is intense for sure; and others outside of crypto can't relate... they just have no idea.