@_author: nibodhika
@_date: 2017-12-31 16:06:28
On the long run I'm sure this is what will kill Bitcoin, not price fluctuation, not high transaction fees or long waiting for transactions. But rather people not using them and the market not accepting it anymore (because of people hodling and all the above reasons)...
@_date: 2017-12-27 10:34:01


Are you suggesting money can't be used to buy drugs (trading illegally), or borrowed to a friend (shady txns)? Paper money has exactly the same qualities as Bitcoin in that regard, it's anonymous and untraceable.


What counts as missuse to one might not to others. The network is built on consensus, so it would take a lot of actively use computer power to try something like this, and even then if a block was mined by an external factor and reached consensus the censors would either have to accept it or keep pushing their blocks which will cost a lot and gain nothing.


I don't think any coin can actually be limited by a country. Worst case scenario you would have to use a tor network to mine those coins. And services can be offered wherever the provider (a centralized authority) deems like it.
@_date: 2017-12-31 16:09:33
Yeah, I bought through Xapo a long ago, never withdrew from there out of laziness... Now they're asking for some documents and refuse to accept the ones I'm sending or to respond my emails... In the meantime my BTC are stuck there... Not that I could use or send them with the current fees anyway... But hindsight is 20/20...
@_date: 2017-12-26 16:14:02
If I had to bet I'll bet in none. This petty fight is helping no one, if BTC had increased block size until Segwit was available to avoid backlogging transactions it had a chance. Still if core increased the block size now it would serve to clear the backlog and make BCH obsolete, the fact that they insist on 1MB blocks despite being obviously insufficient and having absolutely no bad repercussions in doing so makes me nervous. On the other hand a coin who's only attractive is having larger blocks can become worthless very easily if the main one increases block size.
@_date: 2017-12-26 17:14:58
Oh, I agree, I wouldn't sell my BCH if BTC increased block size, the lack of regard towards the user that goes beyond a mere "oops". But many people might not see it that way, and since BTC would become usable again it might kill BCH. 
But it all depends on how widespread BCH has become until there. Increase block size now, BCH probably dies since almost no store is accepting it, in a month maybe not, in a year with transactions fees this high probably a new standard would have already arosen, it might be BCH or ETH, or whatever, but at that point it's going to be almost impossible that anything BTC does could affect BCH
@_date: 2017-12-26 11:12:01
For starters BCash is not the name of the coin, and since BCash is a product that already existed that can be confusing for people who're just hearing about it now. In this case BCash refers to Bitcoin Cash or BCH.
A while back the Bitcoin transactions used to cost a few cents, but with the wider adoption some people realized that 1MB blocks wouldn't be enough, a consensus was achieved that the block size should be increased to avoid the increase in the transaction fees, and meanwhile off-chain solutions researched.
A long time passed and the blocks started to get clogged up, and the off-chain solutions weren't ready, so people started to push about increasing the block size, and pointed that even if the proposed off-chain were implemented it still would clog up because of the volume of transactions.
After a long time asking for the block size to be increased some people decided to go ahead and implement a version of Bitcoin that would work from the original chain but have bigger blocks. That is Bitcoin Cash, it's closer to the original Bitcoin but with bigger blocks, while BItcoin implemented the off-chain scaling solutions (LN and Segwit) but wasn't enough, and now we have higher and higher transactions fee.
If you had bitcoins before August (I think) you have both BTC and BCH, for now BCH is at 1/10 of the transactions in BTC, but the fees are much lower. If it ever gets wider adoption it will have the same problems BTC is facing now, and you can't increase the blocks forever.
As for why it's hated it's because it uses the name Bitcoin while not being approved by the central group of Bitcoin developers.
@_date: 2017-12-26 15:49:22
Kind of my point really, as an open source user for a long time I really don't understand this hate, I use i3-gaps (a fork of i3), Arch Linux (a fork of Linux), and extended thunar (a fork of thunar). In the open source world is very common for a fork to extend on the original name.
About BTC and BCH I have both, and haven't purchased a cent since the fork. I have however been able to use BCH to purchase ETH, but the transactions fee forbade me to do the same with BTC. But that mostly has to do with my BTC being on Xapo, otherwise I could select a smaller fee and wait for confirmation eventually.
@_date: 2018-05-01 17:00:55
@_date: 2016-12-09 01:44:11
Someone please correct me if I'am wrong but even if Bitcoin blockchain is 1mb forever, the speed at which the blocks are mined gets shorter every time. Complaining about the blockchain not growing is about the same as complaining that 1GB today still has the same amount of MB that it did in the 90s, it's not about how big the block is, but how fast they are produced, now they average to 10 minutes, but afaik nothing (besides hardware limitation) stops them from being mined at 1 per second rate.
@_date: 2017-04-08 11:41:02
That's bullshit, just because Bitcoin doesn't require a government doesn't mean it cannot coexist with things that do. A country's currency also requires a government, and Bitcoin can happily coexist with it. Also lots of stuff require at least some sort of government with our current level of technology​, if Bitcoin couldn't coexist with governments it couldn't exist in the present.
Also the block chain technology can also be used in the future for decentralized patents, it would still fall within each country's judicial system to accept those patents or not, but that's the same as the government accepting Bitcoin for paying taxes or whatever.
@_date: 2017-04-08 15:31:29
I'm answering the twit, that textually said "cannot coexist". Obviously Bitcoin doesn't care, because Bitcoin is a technology and technologies simply are, a gun doesn't care if it's ilegal in a country. However people care, and while I mostly agree that laws that attempt to block crypto currency are laughable at least if the general public believed the government could punish people who use BTC, it would be really hard to use your BTC in any meaningful way, so they would be rendered effectively worthless.
@_date: 2018-03-14 10:45:44
Yes, Coinbase is not decentralized, who knew?
@_date: 2018-02-18 23:59:36
It just proves it's fast, it's not proving anything about its security.
@_date: 2018-02-04 09:15:40
Suppose you live in a time where is possible to go back in time, probably a very expensive procedure and something that you will be able to do once in a lifetime (think of it as a very expensive vacations). And with your hard earned money working at the soylent green factory you now can go anywhen, and from all the wonderful places you can visit and see you choose a party which you know sucked because no one went to?
@_date: 2018-03-29 10:24:09
Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, small minds discuss people.
@_date: 2018-04-28 14:34:26


Because like I explained miners can choose to mine over a certain block before they receive the witness of all transactions, the down side of this is that if miners accept other block instead of that he'll lose the transaction, but at that point is a bet because it might just be that the witness data has not propagated to him and all transactions are valid. Also worth mentioning that the deletion of old witness data is encouraged, so old transactions will probably lose the ability to be validated on the long run.
@_date: 2018-04-26 12:14:38
The cost of mediation increases transaction costs, limiting the minimum practical transaction size and cutting off the possibility for small casual transactions.
@_date: 2018-04-28 13:55:56
BCH has 0\-conf transactions as BTC did before they introduced RBF. Originally a transaction was only valid if no older transaction was propagated spending the same coins, but since RBF a latter transaction can be put into a block even if those coins were already spent before.
An Example: Bob sends 1 BTC to Alice, Alice receives the transaction, waits a couple of seconds to ensure Bob didn't broadcasted a second transaction before it and she can with a good amount of certanty attest that if Bob tries to double\-spend the transaction the second transaction will arive latter to the miners, thus ensuring the transaction to her gets put into the block and the other gets ignored, because blocks that introduce this second transaction would not be mined on by miners who got the other transaction first, and a couple of seconds is enough to ensure a transaction has traveled around the world and reached every miner. When RBF got introduced Bob could send the transaction to Alice and a couple of minutes later send a different transaction with a higher fee to his own address and that would get priority, so Alice needs to wait until her transaction appears on a block before she can accept she actually received the coin.
@_date: 2018-04-28 13:39:14
That could easily backwire if the court decides that Bitcoin Cash has equal claim to the Bitcoin name given that the original whitepaper used the name and both implementations share the same codebase until a disagreement on the direction of the project, this could force BTC to use a name that clearly differenciates it from Bitcoin since both have equal claim to the name none can use it exclusively.
@_date: 2018-04-28 13:10:59
I'm not against Segwit, but:


The fact that transactions can be accepted and put into a block without their signature being present is very bad. You rely on the miners good behaviour to actually check the signatures, when it's cheaper for them not to.
If for example miner A mines block X without checking the signature for any reason, a miner B can work on an alternative to X or work on X\+1, X\+1 is favorable for him if X gets accepted, now there's a very easy setup if any transaction is invalid he knows X won't get accepted, so he can ignore it. But if the signature of a transaction is taking a while to arrive it could be a perfectly acceptable transaction that everyone else has already validated and are working on X\+1, so he can reasonably chose to start working on X\+1 before checking the signature because if X gets accepted we will have a greater chance of hitting X\+1 by not having wait for that signature, which might lead to B mining a block without having check the signature, and you return to the begining of the text, except that if B mines X\+1 before anyone mined an alterative to X it's even more likely future miners will work on X\+2 instead of an alternative to X, because that chain has the longest PoW and no transaction can be considered invalid.
@_date: 2018-04-28 11:21:16
The solution proposed to that was Segwit, you might think it is a good idea, but several people dislike it and see a chain with Segwit transactions as a corrupted chain, so it makes sense to fork before Segwit activates.
@_date: 2018-04-25 23:53:04


Yes, it's the MOST popular implementation so far, but using that for any other purpose than to say BTC is more popular than BCH would be an ad-populous fallacy.


If BTC is an implementation of the Bitcoin protocol, BCH also is. Why calling it an altcoin? If it's the same protocol and the same transaction history it's the same coin, only time will tell which of the two chains wins, it's all very clear on the white paper.


Mostly by trolls, as BCash has several meanings, here in Brazil BCash is a relatively common way to pay for online stuff, much more accepted than BTC, but has nothing to do with crypto currency.


Why not? The only breaks on transaction backward compatibilities were made to prevent wrong spends from a BTC address to a BCH inicio and vice versa.


Except they aren't, same protocol, same technology, same block chain, the paper predicts this sort of works as the way to upgrade the technology, if only one chain remains on the long run that chain becomes Bitcoin, while two exists they're two different Bitcoin implementations. This sort of split also can happen without a fork of the code but by mere chance.


And BCore is BCore.
@_date: 2017-05-19 12:48:27
Yup, but you need to understand just how big these numbers are. The chance of getting struck by lightning in a given year is 1/1e6 so that makes being struck at a given second 1/3e13,  the annual rate of aneurysms bursting is 1/1e4, so 3e11 per second, chances of winning the lottery are 1/1e6, being in a plain crash 1/7e6. Supposing the example of all the computational power in the world statistically by the time you get a chance of 1% of being right you would have been struck by a lighting exactly one second after an aneurysm bursting right after winning a lottery ticket after your plane crashed 158 million times. 
@_date: 2017-05-18 21:21:23


Yes, but there's not enough computational power in the world... let's make a quick calculation here, private keys are usually 256-bit long, (they might be longer or shorter, but let's assume we know the key in question is 256 bits). Almost any 256-bit string is a valid private key. in other words you have approximately 1e77 valid keys. Lets suppose you can generate a huge amount of keys per second, let's say 1 billion (1e9) this means you'll generate the key you want somewhere between now and the next 3.1709792e+60 years ( to put it in perspective the age of the universe is 13e9).
or another way of looking at it


lets assume 2e21 and that you managed to find a way to use all the computational power in the world, and developed a way to generate a non-repeated private key in each FLOP it would still take up to 1.5854896e+48 years to find.
@_date: 2017-05-19 00:51:29
in 150 billion years our entire galaxy would have merged with the andromeda galaxy in a huge black hole... at that point you would still have 1e37 years left using the entire computational power avaliable on earth today....Think on the entire universe decaying, the entire universe is not nearly that old when compared with those numbres.
@_date: 2018-04-28 14:46:35
Only mining nodes have a say, if your validating node decides a given miner block is not valid but the majority of miners do you can shove your validation where the sun doesn't shine, because the PoW would keep on getting done on that chain. And here's the thing, your validating node can't say that the block is invalid, it can't validate it, but can't say it's invalid because it's missing information, so miners can choose to work on that if they think the network will accept it.
@_date: 2016-07-06 12:30:06


That is wrong, what would be the point of having an offline wallet then?
You can put money in very simply, just read the public key with another wallet and you're done, it's just like sending money to whatever other public key you know.
And there are some wallets that allow offline validations, so you would create a n unsigned transaction on an online computer, sign it on the offline, and send it through the online. Electric allows this with watch-only wallets
@_date: 2016-07-06 12:24:23
You are correct, but you need to understand that banks are way more trustworthy than most online wallets. Probably Xapo and others are just as trustworthy as a bank. But you need to remember that banks have seized possession of people's money in the past, or have gone bankrupt.
@_date: 2016-07-06 12:22:34
Oh yeah, is not like banks have ever decided to keep people money, or went bankrupt.