@_author: niceonebroheim
@_date: 2018-08-22 01:39:55
Hmmm, no. You're making a sweeping generalization, probably based on the one Alex De Vries article, which most of those pieces online that discuss BTC energy use usuallly do. If you actually do the research, those that study these things and are actual experts on energy use and energy policy (which De Vries is not) pretty much say it's bunk. His numbers *could* be true but there's no way to tell for sure and most likely they are not correct. I would put links but it's been awhile. 
@_date: 2018-08-22 21:51:28
Ok. So, here goes:
I researched this months ago, so am posting some of the articles I first found:
Here's one from CNBC (yep, BTC hating ol' CNBC): 
 &gt;Several energy experts caution that there is currently no reliable, verifiable way to measure just how much electric power is consumed in the process of minting the cryptocurrency. They say the first step is gathering hard data from the data centers, and no one has done that work yet.


Another one that breaks it down a bit: 
 




Again, talking about De Vries:








Some more recent articles:
There's one I couldn't find but I'll try and post it later. It was an article by actual energy policy experts who were even more critical than Koomey of De Vries' methods.
@_date: 2018-08-22 21:27:15
Lol. Ok. Dem's fighting words! I'll post when I can. But I notice you didn't post anything in terms of sources but demand that I do. Is this the whole millennial entitlement thing or were you calling yourself out for not posting sources?
@_date: 2018-08-22 23:05:56
Np and thanks. Spread the word!
@_date: 2018-08-22 02:56:43
Hmm. And yet you made them yourself. I don't see any links for anything you've said. I'll have to decide if I want to bother posting them as I don't know if I really care what some random teen/20 something dbag thinks.  I guess the real question is: will you post yours if I post mine?
@_date: 2018-05-18 01:12:30
If RSK works, will we even need Ethereum?
@_date: 2018-05-18 20:10:59
I see your point, but would we really NEED it? Admittedly, I don't know enough about any advantages that ETH might have over RSK, but I can't help but wonder if it would be more of a VHS/BETA type situation. If BTC remains the main use, then could it be RSK would take over? I think you are right though: there will probably be several smart\-contract platforms, at least at first. If not only due to first mover. Guess we'll find out in the next decade, either way :\)
@_date: 2018-08-22 22:23:16
I wasn't' being completely serious. I just like to blame Millenials for no reason cuz it's just kind of fun. As a member of Generation X, I am not involved in the Baby Boomer/Millenial issues (at least according to the Internet). As someone who was an MCSE back in the day and worked doing support for Microsoft, I can manage to navigate a browser, even in these modern times, but thanks for the heads up. Hopefully, you will review the links I posted and perhaps take a broader, more discerning view about the reality of the situation and not be unduly influenced by the sensationalist headlines regarding energy consumption of the BTC chain. 
@_date: 2018-06-08 21:11:22
Ultimately, this is just growing pains. Assuming Bitcoin takes over, which it should but might not, this will eliminate the need for banks (in many forms, at least) and the subsequent energy draw (electricity, overall energy consumption, etc) all of the associated costs incur. Unfortunately, there is a lot of ignorance about the actual costs regarding mining, almost all of it based on the one Digiconomist article, headed by Alex De Vries. He has no background in either electrical engineering nor the economy of said electrical energy; he is just an economist. I haven't looked at it in a while, but there are actual experts who dispute De Vries numbers as inflated, and even those who say his numbers *could* be correct say there is no way to know for sure. I would suggest everyone look into it when they have time, so as to easily refute this whole over-inflated myth that circulates in the mainstream media. I'm too lazy to find all the links, as I didn't save them, but this CNBC (yes, that CNBC) actually is a good place to start:  
@_date: 2018-06-16 19:57:49
It's been suggested that it was a bit of hyperbole and Tesla read too much into it, as in "Tesla, if you can do that I'd give you a million dollars" sort of thing. I also read that Edison responded by saying "Tesla, you don't understand American humor." Can't find the source again, as it's been a while, but I can see something like that happening.
@_date: 2018-06-16 19:53:46
I suggest you read this article to see how the "current wars" mostly tried to paint AC as the culprit. The point by OP is made, regardless, as there was a lot of fear and propaganda regarding electricity.
@_date: 2018-06-16 02:21:45
What?! BTC is a monetary unit, not just a way of exchanging information. I don't trade TCP/IP or HTTP for value.
@_date: 2018-06-16 19:50:53
Sorry, but he was still an asshole, pretty much. While Edison's company did film the electrocution of the elephant after the "current wars" ended (which is questionable to say the least), Edison was involved in killing smaller animals during the current wars, mostly with Harold Brown doing the actual dirty work. Edison also sought to discredit AC by associating it with the Electric Chair in order to show how dangerous it was. And to say he though AC was more dangerous is naive at best. 
Edit: I should have read more of the comments. This is already in them but I'm leaving it any way.
***Brown's demonstrations
Brown, determined to prove alternating current was more dangerous than direct current, at some point contacted Thomas Edison to see if he could make use of equipment to conduct experiments.[fn 2] Edison immediately offered to assist Brown in his crusade against AC companies. Before long, Brown was loaned space and equipment at Edison's West Orange, New Jersey laboratory, as well as laboratory assistant Arthur Kennelly.
Brown paid local children to collect stray dogs off the street for his experiments with direct and alternating current.[64] After much experimentation killing a series of dogs, Brown held a public demonstration on July 30 in a lecture room at Columbia College.[65] With many participants shouting for the demonstration to stop and others walking out, Brown subjected a caged dog to several shocks with increasing levels of direct current up to 1000 volts, which the dog survived. Brown then applied 330 volts of alternating current which killed the dog. Four days later he held a second demonstration to answer critics' claims that the DC probably weakened the dog before it died. In this second demonstration, three dogs were killed in quick succession with 300 volts of AC.[66] Brown wrote to a college that he was sure this demonstration would get the New York Board of Electrical Control to limit AC installations to 300 volts. Brown's campaign to restrict AC to 300 volts went nowhere but legislation did come close to passing in Ohio and Virginia.[67]
Collusion with Edison
What brought Brown to the forefront of the debate over AC and his motives remain unclear,[58] but historians note there grew to be some form of collusion between the Edison company and Brown.[58][68] Edison records seem to show it was Edison Electric Light treasurer Francis S. Hastings who came up with the idea of using Brown and several New York physicians to attack Westinghouse and the other AC companies in retaliation for what Hastings thought were unscrupulous bids by Westinghouse for lighting contracts in Denver and Minneapolis.[67] Hasting brought Brown and Edison together[63] and was in continual contact with Brown.[67] Edison Electric seemed to be footing the bill for some of Brown's publications on the dangers of AC[69]. In addition, Thomas Edison himself sent a letter to the city government of Scranton, Pennsylvania recommending Brown as an expert on the dangers of AC.[66] Some of this collusion was exposed in letters stolen from Brown's office and published in August 1889.
Edit: should have read the other responses as this is more or less covered, but I'm leaving it anyway.