@_author: nice_prax
@_date: 2017-07-12 22:01:35
Check out [this graph]( comparing an index of central bank independence to average inflation rate. One might notice that there appears to be a strong correlation that increased central bank independence causes decreased inflation. This study was from 1991, and its statistics go back to the 60s, but I assure you that central banks understand macroeconomics better than ever nowadays especially after 2008. 
Audit the Fed is a bullshit title like many Congressional bills.[ The Fed is already independently audited]( by the Government Accountability Office, and the Officer of Inspector General, and annually by an independent non-government auditor. The Fed's balance sheets are published weekly and[ top-level meeting transcripts]( are always released after a few months.
So, you might be wondering, what is Audit the Fed then? Again, it's bullshit. The "Audit the Fed" bill passed around Congress is actually about *congressional* control of the Federal Reserve, which would completely destroy any notion of the Federal Reserve being a governmental yet independent institution. 
But why would so many Redditors support Audit the Fed if it's bullshit? Well, a lot of people don't like the Federal Reserve anyways, honestly because they don't understand it. They think it's just a way to prop up the big banks (it isn't, it has two goals and two goals only: decrease unemployment, and stabilize consumer prices. These two things definitely help the little guy, because it's not the big bankers being unemployed when unemployment hits double digits. This is called the "[dual mandate]( They might be in favor of a gold standard (which, by all means, is not viable in a modern economy), something that would prevent the Fed from doings its job, so they subconsciously to do anything to spite it. The Gold Standard people, like Ron Paul, support auditing the Fed because they don't really care about the balance sheets. They care about control and precedent. They are trying to pass a bill that would give them the legal precedent to control the Federal Reserve through Congress so they can one day dismantle them. The other crowd, the Bernie people, aren't nearly as strong on audit the fed. But they have the mislead idea that banks are evil, banks should be audited because they do shady things, the Fed is a bank, therefore the Fed should be audited. But the Fed is *not* a bank.
The Fed is a good institution. There's nothing shady going on--it's a *central* bank. There's no profit motives, or political pressures. Their independence allows them to have one motivation and one alone: the dual mandate. Reduce unemployment, stabilize prices. It's a fantastic institution staffed by some of the smartest people in the country with a goal purer than politics, so it needs to be completely separate from it. 
