@_author: nick-pokerfuse
@_date: 2011-11-22 13:46:26
Both claims I believe are true: They are the first poker site that has a cashier that supports both traditional e-wallet methods (skrill/moneybookers, neteller, and it claims Visa) alongside bitcoin. 
To the best of my knowledge, they were and still are the first online poker site that had an HTML5 implementation that worked on safari browsers, so can be played on iphone/ipad. Lots of other mainstream poker rooms have Android apps and web-based Flash implementations. As the Apple store does not allow real money applications, going the HTML5 route is the only workable solution.
@_date: 2011-11-22 13:57:34
Not that well established. Launched about a year ago, have gained little traction/liquidity (right now 2 small stakes real money games being dealt). Independent, costa rican based, little details on their site on accreditation, licensing etc. However 1 year later they are still going, I haven't heard any horror stories, the website/software seems pretty interesting, and their claims of being 'first' are fairly accurate.
If my memory serves, when they first launched they had a Rep on a poker community forum and engaged users a bit. 
I don't know the details of getting your PR on MarketWatch, but i'm not sure how much of a news hit it is. A lot of crap comes through marketwatch on online poker. The text is not editorialized, it's just a reprint of the PR.
If you'd like to read a non-PR interpretation of the story from an online poker news site, we just published this:
@_date: 2013-03-07 17:27:37
But iPoker is much, much bigger than SwC or Switch Poker. 
So the development is very important from the perspective of the player or bitcoin user; now you can deposit with bitcoins and play on one of the major online poker sites (iPoker is the largest online poker *network*).
How many people are customers of WinPoker isn't too relevant.
@_date: 2013-03-07 10:13:41
It's the largest network of online poker sites (different companies sharing a single player pool), but not the largest destination. PokerStars is by far the market leader, followed by Full Tilt Poker and PartyPoker. 
But it is still pretty significant news. It's the first time a top-tier, "legitimate" (i.e. not US-facing) online poker network has had bitcoin support.
/ article author.
@_date: 2013-03-07 14:49:53
And discussion:
