@_author: nickeberle
@_date: 2017-12-09 19:59:56
By learning about the backing blockchain technology and helping develop it. Someone that can make a effective crypto that has lower transaction fees than a credit card when handling the same number of transactions as visa or mastercard does daily. That person will be what i would call the myspace of blockchain they will become very rich because they will have early mining and participate in developing the first functional blockchain.
Another technology that needs to happen is a smart contract blockchain that can run complex apps without bottlenecking this is one I don't know if it is even possible.
Finally the one few have thought about it seems to me is countries like, India and especially Venezuelan and Zimbabwe need a blockchain technology that can allow people to transact in fractions of dollars. We are talking me buying a dozen eggs for the equivalent of $0.10 and being charged fees that are in the range of $0.0015 usd. If you can make that happen in the blockchain technology with a decentralized ledger that is actually the future of global currency.
@_date: 2017-12-09 20:11:26
Bitcoin is not TCP/IP, blockchain is. Bitcoin is comperable to AOL or netscape. When someone figures out a way to run microtransactions (transactions with fractions of pennies in USD equivalent fees) on a verified decentralized ledger. That is the currency of the future. Right now this is an experimental technology that actually have been proven not to work as a replacement for legacy banking.
@_date: 2017-12-09 23:39:32
yeah that is all im saying. The market cap as it is with .5% of transaction volume being actually using it as a coin is not justified in the case of bitcoin IMO. I am confident that blockchain has a major role in the future but I would liken it to investing in HTML websites on the basis that it is the future of the internet. Bitcoin will be there at some value but that the blockchain will mainstream when it is a better alternative to legacy banks in third world countries where cell phone to cell phone transactions are already the norm.
@_date: 2017-12-09 09:31:38
When a couple coins can buy a house with fiat this shit is popping try justifying hodl when you put a nominal amount in and in a couple years it pays cash for a home.
@_date: 2017-12-10 00:00:31
If you mean XRB i literally just learned about it on this thread and am probably going to invest a few thousand in it. That is what bitcoin should be providing it proves to be secure.
@_date: 2017-12-09 20:21:09
Those cryptos don't exist. We don't have technology that can handle trillions of santoshi in daily transactional volume with security and anonymity at low fees. Without that kind of technology on a blockchain with miners in place you don't have a true digital currency you instead have unproven digital gold. Bitcoin might be digital pyrite the perfect blockchain algorithm is yet to be developed.
Quite simply bitcoin has not been through a financial crisis of the legacy system or a financial crisis of it's own system with a large % of bitcoin being owned by investors. That is not time tested. Let's see what happens when you have a true scare like bitfinex going under a climate with this level of volatility and trading volume.
@_date: 2017-12-09 19:19:10
This is the truth people don't want to accept. The value of bitcoin is based 99.5% on speculation and .5% on its use as a medium of exchange outside the banking system. People only invest in bitcoin they don't buy things in it.
If bitcoin was a functional store of value all these bitcoin enthusiasts would be instantly converting their paycheck to bitcoin and using only bitcoin to make purchases. It would ensure they become millionaires rapidly. The problem is that the fees are two high the transactions are slower and more expensive than normal banking and everything that made bitcoin awesome no longer apply's to the cryptocurrency.
Sadly even etherium is showing cracks as the network is getting swamped by one silly and simple app. A real complex app cannot be run on the existing blockchain technology.
Blockchain is the future but sadly people are investing in the past of blockchain when they buy bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-09 09:38:49
I thought $8 was to much. I still think my thinking was sound but would be cool to be crazy rich
@_date: 2017-12-10 09:13:52
I agree with you on everything but the risk shrinking the more mainstream and higher an investment gets the higher the risk becomes not lower.
@_date: 2017-12-09 23:46:01
the blockchains fundamentals haven't reached their full potential yet but the price run up is already being realized. I am not saying don't invest in blockchain it is just obvious with the issues with bitfinex, tether and what those can do with shortselling and the general lack of market regulation allowing people to do runups and other shady trades. Its obviously a high reward investment but I guess i felt like sharing some thoughts as a pro blockchain person who believes bitcoin already past the point where it became ridiculously overvalued all the way back in October. Right now people should know its a fools game investment. You can chose to ignore it but if you can be aware of it I'm hoping some smart people can make some money off some fools (preferably wall street based ones)
@_date: 2017-12-03 10:06:12
That is how any investigation into the subject has left me.
My brother is so into this hype train I can't help but dream there is more than just "to the moon!" And "hodl" driving it.
@_date: 2017-12-03 09:35:21
I know what purchasing power is and it is variable to a degree but no currency has ever deflated at this rate and every currency has a relationship to physical goods in some way. I guess there is no other driver for the increase of value of bitcoin other than that it is increasing in value.
@_date: 2017-12-03 09:11:17
The value of a pizza is a sum of parts it as a commodity is based off of cheese, wheat and tomato prices. The price of a pizza can only go so low and also only reach so high because it's component parts take x amount of human resources to produce. If you put a bitcoin in the same market its value has some relationship to the computing power and electrity that creates it but what I dont get is its deflating rapidly based only on consumer sentiment.
I don't know anyone that has recently used bitcoin for purchasing it was a thing for a while with the silk road etc. but this shit is now in a completely different price range and people don't want to spend a fraction of a bitcoin because of its rapid increase value in us dollars.
I guess what I am saying is it looks like bitcoin is actually rapidly loosing value in reality while gaining it on paper.
@_date: 2017-12-09 23:55:58
Oh shit, that is what I have been waiting for. This is what I'm talking about. Time to research how scalable and secure this is but if it is both of those that is what bitcoin should have been in the first place. How does the mining work if it has no transaction fees?
@_date: 2017-12-10 09:17:20
Super interesting I'm getting my pen tester friend to check it out but the fact that it went up 20% a coin while I researched with no major exchange listing makes me suspect I'm not the only one that thinks fast and cheap tramsactions have high value
@_date: 2017-12-03 09:02:30
That is what I was thinking in which case if bitcoin is in rapid deflation where over a year it will likely achieve a negative 10x growth what the markets are doing is essentially saying that over time your home, car, clothes, and absolutely every other object in your life is rapidly decreasing in value. It seems to me that the price of bitcoin has absolutely no relationship to reality or even the internet of things. Eventually the shit is going to implode because it has no industrial or nutritional value and when it starts to tank there isn't a real world or internet floor beyond consumer sentiment.