@_author: nickdsantos
@_date: 2018-11-14 16:02:27
What are the chances of the central banks together with the government being able to enforce their digital money to be used by making bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies illegal to be used as payment for goods and services or even illegal to buy/sell? Meaning, what if they say that businesses are forbidden to accept bitcoin as payment or even close down exchanges that sell bitcoin? This is a genuine question because I do not see how they can win this war against bitcoin unless they make it's use illegal. Many people are blind to the fact that central banks are private institutions pretending to be public and they want to control the money. This technology is what can free us from central banks but they are too big to fail without a fight. They are wolves and most people are sheep and will bend to their will if they try to stop cryptocurrencies. I am open minded and would like to take your view on this.
@_date: 2018-11-14 19:30:36
Thank you for taking the time to answer. It is nice to have additional points of view. I do understand and agree with you. I guess I just find it difficult to understand how the IMF, central banks and major banks (too big to fail) that already "own" politicians and governments will allow their centralized money to die without a fight. Like, I do not see them thinking "oh well, the law says it is the people's right to have freedom of conscious and if they choose bitcoin then we have to accept that we loose all our power". These are people with bad morals and self interest with a lot of power in governments, companies and media, not only in the US but all over the world. They are clearly worried, that is obvious, I just hope they do not have a trick up their sleeves. I do own bitcoin and other cryptos because I can see how these fiat currencies and debt system is going to fail and I really wish to see a decentralized society and economy where each and everyone of us controls our own data and money with more freedom. We should all raise awareness of this to most people around us who are blind to the system they are in.
@_date: 2018-11-14 20:08:10
You are right, we have to remain positive and have some faith in humanity. The internet brought freedom of information and so many great oportunities with it despite the propaganda. So hopefully we will see freedom of money in the future as well.