@_author: nigdfh
@_date: 2017-02-21 02:08:59
    But they are experts on what the technology can currently do and what can be done in the future given certain constraints.
This especially the case in Bitcoin. The constraints and limitations of Bitcoin are deceptive and un-intuitively a lot more significant than most people realize. The devs may not have as strong of an understanding about optimal user experience, but when they resist doing a blocksize increase, it's not because they think small blocks are better for the user experience. It's because they think that larger blocks cause massive systemic risk.
The people most qualified to assess the systemic risk of a highly technical system are undoubtedly the engineers who have worked on it every day for years.
@_date: 2017-02-21 02:08:14
The idea that bitcoin will grow with the needy sounds nice but it's not going to happen.
Censorship resistant money that can't be blocked, seized or arbitrarily inflated, isn't cheap and there's no way to make it cheap. Every transaction requires electricity for PoW, bandwidth to be propagated to thousands of nodes, CPU power for verification, and long term storage. If they could afford this, we wouldn't be calling them "needy". What possible motive do Venezuelans have to use bitcoin instead of dollars (or literally any other currency besides bolivars)? I'd argue they have none. Their problem is that their entire economy has collapsed, it's not like their government has a policy against them buying food and has banned local payment processors from handling food payments.
I think bitcoin as a unit of account may be gaining traction - if your currency is hyperinflating, you're probably not too worried about coinbase seizing your funds. Coinbase has its problems, but they have not been taking their users' money. At worst they just forcibly return it and close their account.
@_date: 2017-02-21 02:07:55
What is so special in 2018 that it will rise to 30k+ level. I honestly believe that btc will continue moving up but not as much as you say. I think 5k+ is fair by the end of 2018. It would go more if euro zone breaks and currency chaos follows. Then Europe may not have much choice. China is expected to solidify its currency and finance. Some regulatory framework will be developed in next 18 months . That will help too. But I think 5k -8k would be a fair assessment provided the $ value remains as stable as today. If there is problem with $ then it is not Bitcoin rise, then it would be $ fall. In that case precious metals will be worth more because of its history and human belief system build around it, although I think btc is better than gold.
@_date: 2017-02-21 02:07:42
If it's an android phone, you can do
shell $ wm densitiy 380
or directly from your PC with active debugging usb connection to phone:
 adb shell wm density 380
of course 380 would be replaced by your preferred "fake" screen dpi setting. If you set it lower than the pyhsical pixel density of your device (it's in pixels per inches), everything will be smaller. All fonts, icons, everything. For the homescreen to adjust you can reboot.
you can read the current and "physical" density using "wm density", example:
shell $ wm density
Physical density: 480
Override density: 380
@_date: 2017-02-21 02:09:07
I think the challenge with Bitcoin is the reason that some are doing the work.
The white elephant in the room is that there are different types of "people doing the work".
There are some that have no financial conflicts, and are doing it because they want to see Bitcoin succeed / the price go up.
There are others that market the fact that they have no financial conflicts, but consistently and systematically push the development of Bitcoin in a direction that is wildly unpopular with the user base.
Linus is assuming good intent. Unfortunately, Bitcoin carries much higher risks of bad actors than Linux ever has or will, because it's not just software. It's a payment system and currency as well. That attracts a lot of bad people and a lot of money that may have other interests. We don't talk about that enough around here...
@_date: 2017-02-21 02:08:52
As a software developer this is a terrible principle to follow.
Anyone who has been in this business for any length of time has watched projects either completely fail or not reach their potential because the developers don't view their software the same way their customers/users do.
I've worked with many developers I very much respect for their technical skill, but if left on their own would tank a project. It's very difficult for some developers to get outside their own mindset and how it relates to the code and see the forest for the trees.
@_date: 2017-02-21 02:08:35
Either that is complete nonsense or google translate got the language wrong. I do see a "satoshi" in there but not sure what you meant to post.
From google translate...
Self - indulgence standing standing unarairu Mika 川 川 じ ゃ や り 取 引 め メ デ ィ ず ず 選 選 選 選 選 Do not miss it. Colored must be crowded. 6 Award Yosuyoshi Nakako Assistant Mr. Melcello Terminator Mr. Connica Mr. Sosaku Higashi Shimatsu Tokuya Houma 74 Cherry Blossom Human Handed Person Satoshi Horie Sugihara. Chest Town Authority 8 Petitions Role of Rewards Rewoo Value Primary Materials Bibliographical Imperial Residential Embargoed Personnel Conflicts Behind the Scenes.
