@_author: niggatron666
@_date: 2013-04-03 20:03:53
[There are many known vulnerabilities in BTC.]( The strangest one is if a botnet begins to run enough disingenuous nodes they will effectively have full control over the entire market.
Silly to think Anon could do this from a basement, but someone with enough computing resources? Piece of cake.
@_date: 2013-04-03 19:55:00
Sorta. The USA insures up to 250K for every bank account (or something around there) and demands that a certain % of cash funds be kept on hand for ever dollar a bank controls.
This means that in the event of a run, the US govt insures at least some of your money.
@_date: 2013-04-03 20:18:22
The attacker could double spend their own BTC (maybe to another account they own) and verify the transaction as legitimate.
@_date: 2013-04-03 20:28:03
Every USD-BTC exchange (like mtgox) allows you to withdraw funds in USD. Each has rules and limits on the withdrawals. This is someone willing to trade you USD for BTC.
@_date: 2013-04-03 19:22:12
As long as the exchanges (like MtGox) keep operating and have cash reserves on hand for withdrawals it's fine.
Since there is no regulation or oversight of the exchanges there is no guarantee that any real cash actually exists in their coffers. Some exchanges could be Ponzi schemes where new money is used to pay current withdrawals. The public has no way of knowing because it's not regulated. The exchanges are not legally liable because... It's all a game? Once the crash happens and everyone "runs" on the exchanges they'll probably just close and tell everyone to go fuck themselves. Who knows though.
This is basically the american economy before any form of regulation was put in place. It's dangerous, and it's basically a casino/game of chicken.
**TLDR: You can exchange Bitcoins back to dollars as long as there is someone willing to do the opposite trade.**
EDIT: As always, the losers will be people who buy into the system late and are too slow to sell. This assumes nobody figures out how to hack BTC before the natural crash. If someone hacks BTC we all loose.
@_date: 2013-04-11 01:52:39
I'm no finance expert, but this is my understanding:
Traditional currency (USD, for example) doesn't trade directly between buyer and seller when using an exchange. The buyer puts funds into their account, and these funds are electronically transferred within the exchange into the seller's account when the trade happens. At this point, it's just bits on a server somewhere telling you that you have $x in your account. The exchange still technically has the money. If seller would like to withdraw funds from their account into their bank account (or convert it into paper currency they can hold), they must do a separate withdrawal transaction with the exchange. These transactions are tightly controlled by the exchange if you read their documentation. (I.E. It's easy to put money into the exchange, but hard to withdraw it).
You must have confidence that the exchange is properly managed and will allow you to withdraw. In a ponzi scheme, the managers spend money as it comes in (by paying themselves in one way or another) leaving no cash in reserve, so if you try to withdraw more than what can be covered by recent transactions, you're fucked.
Usually you can sue a company that defrauds you like this, but cash is rarely recovered. With these new companies operating from wherever in the world trading digital currency and requesting payment through untraceable means... Well... I doubt anybody could make a case.
Mt. Gox, the largest exchange, has been reputable so far in terms of withdrawals. Other exchanges have been exposed as fraud (where the managers simply spent all the money sent to them and never allow withdrawals).
**TLDR**: If the exchange goes out of business while you have a balance in one of their accounts, don't expect to see that money again.