@_author: niggo372
@_date: 2016-08-19 08:43:03
I'm not a bitcoin programmer or anything, but as far as I understand it:
There is a single hash in every block's header (the merkle root) that is the root of a merkle tree of all the transaction ids in the block. It can be used to check whether a transaction is in the block (and therefore "happend"). Because of the tree's properties you don't need to store all the block's transactions to make that work. You can delete parts of the tree (branches) that have been completely spend because every treenode basically summes up the hashes of the branch below it and can be used instead of the whole branch.
This is very useful for validating bitcoin nodes to save on disk space. They can delete completely spend branches of transactions from their local copy (eventually removing everything but the block header) and still be able to verify every unspend transaction.
@_date: 2018-01-14 23:03:39
The devs don't have nearly as much power over the protocol as most people seem to think they do. Every change they propose and implement has to be accepted by thousands of node owners individually. If those node owners don't agree with what's being proposed then they won't upgrade, meaning those changes won't take effect (e.g. SW2X). The reason Bitcoin Core is the most prominent implementation of the protocol on the network today  (and by extension why many Blocksteam devs work on it) is not because they have special rights or some sort of monopoly power, but because they have a proven track record of acting very responsibly and coming up with changes that most users end up agreeing with.
@_date: 2018-01-17 10:25:33
Many of the facts are valid, like channels needing to be pre-funded and having to find a sufficiently funded route to your destination. Let's be real: The LN will have some challenges and growing pains to overcome, but it's nothing that can't be solved with time and ingenuity.
All the speculations at the end are pure FUD:
- We don't know if there will be any regulation, but I'd say it's unlikely because hubs/relays never have control over the funds or knowledge about where a payment is coming from or going to. Also, Bitcoin doesn't have any borders, so you can always use a hub in a country without  regulation.
* We don't even know if hubs will be a thing at all, because they'd need to put large amounts of money into online hot-wallets, and that gets riskier the bigger they are.
* You don't need large channels if you make sure your channels balance out by routing tx in both directions.
* It's an open ecosystem, so anybody who charges unreasonable fees will be pushed out of the market.
* There can be multiple logical and interconnected networks with different topologies (hub-and-spoke, mesh, whatever) on the same LN. Wallets (you!) decide where to connect to and who to route through, so you are free to use or not use hubs, should they emerge.
* A 3rd party monitoring a channel for you knows nothing about that channel other than some keys that can be used to punish a bad actor, but for nothing else.
Yes the LN will give Bitcoin some of the usability benefits of the banking system by introducing things that might sound similar, but details are important!
@_date: 2018-01-20 15:28:46
e98f0464707d04ed862a981d01dfee8d3fe0f8db5f9a12438149ddeacccda613 please, thank you!
@_date: 2018-01-21 13:17:12
That's not an answer.
@_date: 2018-01-23 11:33:31
Of course it's not that easy right now, because it's cutting edge technology and not even out yet.
But I cannot imagine where the added difficulty for altcoins should be. The LN protocol has native support for different alt-coins, and all it requires is communication with a node and some basic smart contract functionality. Of course, if your project heavily differs from Bitcoin/Litecoin then you might have problems adding those (though you should probably have more capable devs in the first place), but if you just copied Bitcoin then you should just be able to C&amp;P the existing LN code with a few tweaks.
Anyway, those are two kinds of difficulties. One is that alt-coins supposedly need enough liquidity for their own LN, which is solved by connecting to the existing one instead. The other is being able to adapt your alt-coin for LN, to which I'd say: If you can't to that, then your coin will just die, simple as that. It's a currency competition, and if you're not fit enough, then you will get eaten.
@_date: 2018-01-23 03:16:41
What's wrong with that?
@_date: 2018-01-17 10:54:28
Payer and payee still need to communicate to each other that they support this, because right now every payment is expected to be just one chunk. That could probably happen as a simple feature flag or a full blown version upgrade.
They could also be made atomic by using the same hash and pre-image for all the chunks.
@_date: 2018-01-14 16:05:41
Probably extension block or pegged side-chain first, maybe a fork later down the road. But I guess there will also be at least one alt-coin launching with this as a USP.
@_date: 2018-01-23 11:50:14
Yes you can! Open a payment channel and print signed transactions.
@_date: 2018-01-19 11:09:14
Your math seems slightly off. 4 tx per sec means about 126 million tx per year, right?
@_date: 2018-01-21 11:46:45
Why not?
@_date: 2018-01-21 09:23:26
Awesome, ty :)
@_date: 2018-01-06 19:31:41
Likewise, I am dreaming of a wallet that is open-source, where I hold ALL the private keys, with full support for SegWit, RBF, proper fee estimation and custom fees, HD, m-of-n MultiSig, PIN protection and all the good stuff coming in the future (e.g. lightning), with clients for Windows, Mac, Linux, Android and iOS, and that has a clean, intuitive UI on all of them.
@_date: 2018-01-19 11:13:38
Because ... ?
@_date: 2018-01-19 11:24:04
That's why devs are still working on optimizations and many core devs even said they are planning for blocksize increases in the future. But keep in mind that we won't replace every currency on the planet in just 2 years, probably not even in 10.
@_date: 2018-01-22 10:37:52
But lighting can do cross-currency payments automatically, so altcoins just have to connect to the existing network and convert at the edges.
@_date: 2018-01-13 02:49:24
He won't.
@_date: 2018-01-24 16:39:05
**TL;DR:** You can only have (at most) 2 of the 3 desired properties in a decentralized consensus system (e.g. Blockchain): Decentralization *(D)*, Consensus *(C)*, Scale *(S)*. If you start out with a system that has two of these properties you cannot get the third without sacrificing one of the two.
Some examples:
- C+S: Central control and decision making, e.g. banks or exchanges.
- D+C: Limiting resource requirements by limiting throughput, e.g. a blockchain with a reasonable blocksize and -time limit, so most users can keep validating.
- S+D: No central consensus anymore, many smaller and interconnected consensus systems, e.g. Lightning Network or Sharding/Sidechains.
Their suggestion is to combine a D+C layer 1 (Bitcoin) with a S+D layer 2 (LN/Sharding), and that is exactly what we and e.g. Ethereum are doing!
@_date: 2018-01-13 02:47:55
I am all for LN and SegWit, but I think what BCH proponents refer to as "Satoshi's Vision" is not just the current opinion of Satoshi Nakamoto, even if we knew it.
@_date: 2018-01-06 23:43:54
The purpose of the hardware wallet is to be safe while still being practical. That's why it has stuff like a secure chip and PIN protection, so you can carry it around and use it day-to-day to transact without putting your coins at risk. 
The purpose of the backup seed is to compensate for the hardware wallet's weaknesses, namely hardware failures or forgetting your PIN. You should lock it away somewhere safe and (if all goes well) never see or use it again.
Different security measures for different purposes.
@_date: 2017-12-26 21:46:16
Imported it by entering the 12-word seed from the BitPay wallet.
@_date: 2017-12-22 13:33:44
Maybe temporarily, but rising fees means rising miner income, means higher difficulty after a while, means spamers are losing money again.
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:58:58
IT'S ALIIIIIVE!
@_date: 2017-12-17 00:23:45
The way LN does it: Create a multisig wallet for you and the stripper, print transactions worth $1 that each invalidate the previous one, and ... well, make it rain paper transactions! :D
@_date: 2017-12-08 12:11:17
Sure, he should also name one of his future kids Satoshi!
@_date: 2017-12-27 14:36:26
As I said, on PC it does everything I want it to do, but the Android app is really lacking.
@_date: 2017-12-02 15:25:18
You're very welcome. :)
I was initially opposed to the LN idea because I didn't want to introduce intermediaries, and it took me a solid month or two until it finally clicked and I realized how it actually works. I think I'm still far from understanding every detail and all the implications myself. ;)
@_date: 2017-12-09 10:37:40


I guess that's the end of that conversation then, no point in arguing with a stone. :/
@_date: 2017-12-22 13:28:51
Why would they even want to reuse that name? I feel like a blocksize increase proposal could get consensus nowadays, but not like this.
@_date: 2017-12-26 21:06:00
Electrum worked for me.
@_date: 2017-12-23 00:34:11
Admit it, you are [this guy]( Thank you very much for doing this!
@_date: 2017-12-02 13:04:30
That's why I said "kind of", because it's not the same but the underlying assumption is very similar: Those who have a stake in something also have an interest for that something to work properly. And if you invest more into LN channels (or rather, into more channels), then you are more likely to be picked as a hop.
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:44:49
And broad adoption of SegWit. It's a bit sad that we have the means to do much larger blocks, but basically no one is using it.
@_date: 2017-12-27 18:05:39
A true Bitcoin dev at work!
@_date: 2017-12-27 17:14:27


That is simply wrong. A hard fork is a change in consensus rules that is not backwards compatible (as opposed to soft forks), so it requires everyone to upgrade in order to stay on the same chain. Technically a split is created after every hard fork by those who don't upgrade, but we only really notice it when a non trivial amount of nodes refuses the rule change, like with Bcash or other forked altcoins. A blocksize increase definitely needs a hard fork, or why do you think it hasn't been done yet by someone other than core if you can just soft fork it in without requiring everybody to upgrade?
For reference: 


It is not yet clear what network topology the LN will have (so we might not even see hubs), but I guess hub-and-spoke is a likely possibility. Nevertheless, hubs don't create centralization because they are completely untrusted and unknowing 3rd parties (just like miners). They don't control the money flowing through them, they have no idea who is paying whom, and they can't lock you in or prevent you from taking your business elsewhere. If one hub doesn't serve you well, then you can just choose another, create your own without asking anyone for permission, or even stop using LN and go back to regular Bitcoin tx. There is no centralization pressure in this system.
You should really think of hubs/relays more like a kind of miner that uses locked-in Bitcoin funds instead of hashing power to compete for your payment fees. It is very similar to a proof of stake system, in that the more Bitcoin they stake into different channels (and the better their fees) the more likely it is that you will choose them to route your transactions.
@_date: 2017-12-07 10:17:28
I don't really understand why Korea is so into Bitcoin compared to other countries, can anyone enlighten me?
@_date: 2017-12-25 16:34:46
All your points would apply to miners and regular bitcoin tx as well, so you are really arguing against bitcoin in general here.


Ah sure, just make every government of this planet (without exception!) work together on monetary policies, simple as that! And even if you did, you can't prevent the hubs themselves (because you don't actually know where they are and they might even be decentralized themselves), just forbid your citizens to use them for payments and then enforce that, which is not trivial.


No you can't, not the regular person, not for simple transactions such as buying groceries, and not on this scale. We are not talking about spending month to set up a complicated tax evasion scheme here, we are talking about hitting send on an app and not even knowing or caring that the cheapest route is through a hub in Mongolia and one in Greenland.
We are also not talking about anything illegal (at least I'm not :P), just completely legal transactions using hubs of your own choosing. Most countries in the world allow you to use whatever currency you want for trading (incl. foreign currencies or pretty stones if you like), as long as those currencies themselves aren't illegal and you pay your taxes on any commercial gains in the national currency. I don't see why this wouldn't also extend to choosing your own payment hubs. Governments would have to outlaw every other payment method other than transfers by licensed banks (and enforce it!), and you have much bigger problems than payments if that is happening in your country.


Don't confuse exchanges with Bitcoin. Exchanges are a necessary evil to interface with the old fiat system, and to get people on board. Buying and selling inside the bitcoin system doesn't require any ID, that's part of the reason why it was created in the first place. On top of that, LN actually allows for cross chain transactions, so once you are in the crypto system you can exchange coins of different chains without even thinking about it.


You don't have to hide anything. The fact the payment hubs don't know who is paying whom means that everything is hidden *by default*. Merchants could write whatever they want in their books and governments have no way of knowing if that's actually true or not without surveying every small or big business. And not just communication lines like what is happening today, because every communication is encrypted. Again, you have a much bigger problem if this is happening in your country.
@_date: 2017-12-13 13:03:41
Technically yes, but then you need someone to basically fund those channels for you by paying you. I don't think that this will be a very common way to jumpstart relay nodes on the LN, but it's certainly a possibility.
@_date: 2017-12-08 09:06:08
Idk, is "until" wrong here? English is not my first language. :P
@_date: 2017-12-26 19:27:43
I think we have to agree to disagree. :P Was fun discussing this with you anyway!
@_date: 2017-12-27 14:52:28
What you are describing are payment channels, not the lightning network.
In lightning you open a few channels before you even want to make a payment, to connect you to the network, and you keep them open for an extended period of time. Then, in order to make a payment, you let the LN figure out a path of payment channels from you to your destination. Channels are a medium to long term relationship between peers, but the payments through the network are only one-off connections between source and destination, just like Bitcoin tx.
@_date: 2017-12-04 19:05:56
Isn't it 1 BTC = 10,000,000 Satoshis?!
@_date: 2017-12-27 16:07:27
Because it would require more resources (bandwidth, storage, processing) to run a fully validating node, so less people would do it and the network would become more centralized. What makes Bitcoin special is not that it can process thousands of tx per second (although it will with things like LN). We have that today and it's called VISA/PayPal/etc. What makes Bitcoin special is that it's decentralized, and we should never sacrifice that, even temporarily.
It's also not a viable scaling solution for the future, because you'd need a blocksize of multiple GB to enable a few billion people on the planet to just transact in Bitcoin like they do today with fiat. And that's not even counting new ideas such as micropayments. For those reasons the current core team's roadmap puts optimizations such as SegWit, LN, MAST and Schnorr signatures above a blocksize increase, but they have already agreed that it will be necessary at some point.
That being said, I think a minor blocksize increase wouldn't be too bad for centralization, considering Moore's law and similar laws for bandwidth and storage. The problem here is that it would require a hard fork, and that takes time and resources to implement and activate, especially since there are other proposals that we'd want to include in a hard fork.
@_date: 2017-12-13 11:03:18
The answer is still yes. If nodes  (you or a hub in between) want to be able to make or relay payments through the LN they need to put funds into their channels. Without funding your side of a channel you can only receive payments, but once you receive some money in a channel you can use it to make payments immediately.
@_date: 2017-12-27 17:50:07
We need a BIP for this NOW!
@_date: 2017-12-15 08:32:46
$10 fee isn't really an issue if you buy for millions.
@_date: 2017-12-13 11:38:01
The problem I see is that many people just look at the current state and assume that it will never work because it doesn't really work **yet**. They don't see that most if not all of their criticism (volatility, not accepted everywhere, high fees ...) will probably solve itself over time or with a future update. I guess you need a little bit of knowledge about economics and computer science, you actually have to look at the technology itself (even just on a basic level), and you need to be able to imagine a future that's fundamentally different than what we have now to see Bitcoin's true potential.
@_date: 2017-12-09 01:46:53
What exactly do you mean by that?
@_date: 2017-12-25 10:30:44
Centralized exchanges are not Bitcoin!
They are a necessary evil until Bitcoin is adopted enough, a requirement to get people out of the existing fiat system into crypto. The goal is to just buy and sell things with Bitcoin, without exchanging your coins for national currencies before/after. There are also decentralized exchanges such as bisq without KYC requirements, and LN will allow us to exchange different altcoins that support it completely anonymous and without even thinking about it.
@_date: 2017-12-25 13:55:09
Anyone can become a hub without permission, hubs don't control the money that flows through them, and they don't see who is paying whom. They are untrusted and unknowing intermediaries, so they are more like miners than banks. While miners use hashing power those hubs use locked-in bitcoin funds to compete for your payment fees.
If you don't like a particular hub, then use another or create your own. In fact, we might actually see hubs that are controlled by smart-contracts, so basically DAO payment hubs. ;)
@_date: 2017-12-23 00:44:48


Lightning does exactly that afaik!
@_date: 2017-12-17 00:36:14
Of course it's not a great currency while it's still growing this fast, but that won't last forever. This stuff grows according to an S-curve, so it will slow down once it reached a reasonable market penetration. When this happens loans in high-adoption countries will probably be paid in Bitcoin and merchants probably won't take your fiat anymore or only for a higher price, so you won't really care.
Give it some time, you can't change the entire world's currencies in a few years!
@_date: 2017-12-08 02:19:39
You need many orders of magnitude more tx than just 16000 per 10min if you want to create a day-to-day currency for millions and billions of people! That's what we are talking about here, right?! There is no way to scale that purely on-chain in the foreseeable future, and it would be a huge waste of ressources, especially if something like LN can do far more way cheaper.
@_date: 2017-12-08 02:00:58
BCH is a low volume currency, so yeah ... just Blockchain seems to work just fine for them for now. Also, the biggest problem with big blocks are computational requirements afaik, not storage space. Every node in the network has to be able to verify a block ~~until~~ before the next one is generated, so the bigger the blocks the more CPU power and energy you need.
@_date: 2017-12-09 02:09:43
Who is "dictating" mining, transfer and storage? How does that look like? You seem to very casually disagree with *the* fundamental property of Bitcoin, assuming that it's all just common knowledge. I'd say if you really think your points are valid, then you need to elaborate quite a bit more.
Afaik Blockchain itself is not decentralized, it's just a very slow database. Consensus rules, nodes that enforce those rules, mining and cryptographic proofs is what makes the whole Bitcoin system decentralized. That's why I really can't agree with what you are saying.
@_date: 2017-12-21 11:56:03
But then he has to leave out legitimate transactions that would help him pay the bills.
@_date: 2017-12-04 23:52:27
Ah shit, you're right and I'm stupid -.-
@_date: 2017-12-08 13:11:58


And you know that because ... ?
Even 1GB blocks aren't even close to what we will need, and we would get those in about 15 years if we started to scale the blocksize of BTC according to Moore's law (double every 18 month) right now. And keep in mind that the mempool and bandwidth requirements would also increase accordingly. Many privacy enhancements like confidential tx will also need even more CPU power than simple, tracable tx today.
Why insisting on trying to scale with bigger blocks when the LN does it cheaper and with many extra perks like *more* decentralization instead of less, instant payments, more privacy and a much higher transaction rate with very low fees and without any extra costs to the network as a whole.
@_date: 2017-12-09 16:10:42


That has literally nothing to do with decentralization, but Linux is not successful in the desktop market because there is no successful company with a distro that can realistically rival commercial products such as Windows or macOS, simple as that. The existence of other distros doesn't undermine how good or bad one specific distro can be. Look at Android: It's completely open source, there are several "distros" of it, but we have one dominant and very successful one because Google pushed it really hard and in the right direction.


Miners don't have that much control over the future of Bitcoin, as the Segwit2X and UASF movements impressively demonstrated.


That doesn't have anything to do with the currency, and all with how our society works. What Bitcoin does is it takes the control of the monetary system out of centralized hands, but it can't just convert our world into a socialist utopia. In capitalism "the devil always shits on the biggest pile" because of interest rates and capital return, and a new currency won't change that.
@_date: 2017-12-25 11:33:25
Payment channels:
A and B want to transact many times. They each put 1 BTC into a multisig address, so that the 2 BTC in there can only be moved by txs that cointain both of their signatures. They also both sign a tx that refunds them their coins, but this only become valid after 1 week. Now they can pay each other by just exchanging Bitcoin tx that distribute those 2 BTC differently, e.g. A pays B 0.05 BTC by signing a tx that gives A 0.95 and B 1.05, and sending it to B. B can pay A 1 BTC by signing and sending a tx that invalidates the previous one and splits the coins 1.95/0.05 instead, and so on. Both of them could just sign and broadcast the last tx they received to the blockchain at any point to close the channel, so they can really treat those tx as regular payments. They can also continuesly extend the lifetime of the channel if they want to.
So this makes it possible for 2 people to exchange an unlimited # of times, and they only need to hit the Blockchain twice, once for opening and once for closing the channel.
Lighting Network:
A wants to pay C, but instead of doing a tx or opening a channel he remembers that he has a channel to B, and B told him that he also has a channel to C *[A - B - C]*, so A tries to pay C by paying B, and B then pays C for the same amount *[A -&gt; B -&gt; C]*. The way this works is that C generates a key K, runs it through a hash function to create H, and gives this H to A. A then sends a new signed tx to B (as part of their channel) that includes H, and the condition that it can only be redeemed by B if he can show a K that hashes to H. B doesn't know K, so he can't spend the tx yet. Now B sends a similar tx to C (as part of their channel) that also includes H and the requirement to show K to redeem it. C knows K (because he created it), so he shows it to B and they agree to replace the conditional tx with a regular (unconditional) one, so they don't have to remember K anymore. If B is uncooperative, then C could also just broadcast the conditional tx and K to the blockchain to get his money. Now that B knows K he can do the same thing with his conditional tx from A, and so he successfully routed a payment from A to C without ever being at risk of losing money, and without being able to steal any. A can also say that the fact he knows K proves that C has gotten the money (because C revealed K to get it), so C can't say he wasn't payed.
In reality there could be many Bs between A and C *[A -&gt; B1 -&gt; B2 -&gt; ... -&gt; C]*, and every one of them only knows about their direct neighbors in the chain. B1 doesn't know that A is paying the money and not just relaying it as well, and he doesn't know if B2 is the final recipient or just another hop in the route. It's also decentralized, because A is free to choose other Bs if he wants to (or become a B himself without asking for permission), and those Bs are never in control of his money.
Implementing it into the core chain would completely defeat the purpose, which is to get those tx out of the chain while still being able to include them if necessary (if someone is uncooperative). 
@_date: 2017-12-22 13:22:11
I don't know about fees on Coinbase/GDAX, but you should never let Bitcoin just sit in an exchange account for more than a few days. You can only move those coins because the exchange allows it, and if they ever stop allowing it or get hacked (e.g. MtGox) then you are screwed. Leave as much as you need for trading there, and transfer the rest to a wallet where you control the keys!
@_date: 2017-12-26 14:46:06
As I said, I don't know of any regulation that applies to pure crypto relay hubs (without fiat trading) like LN hubs. They are currently as unregulated as pure Bitcoin itself (not fiat exchanges!), and any new regulation could be done to hubs just as well as to miners/wallets. There is no difference between Bitcoin and LN in this regard.


They can't, that's what "trustless" means.
@_date: 2017-12-02 01:57:37
Yes it's completely trustless because it's all based on Bitcoin smart contracts. If one party is uncooperative you can post the ~~entire channel history~~ lastest state of the channel to the network and settle it that way.
Regarding consensus algorithm, some have described LN as kind of a proof of stake system, because in order to route transactions you have to commit some funds into channels.
@_date: 2017-12-27 18:02:42
Your two points are a hurdle for hubs just as they are for regular users. (2) is probably even more serious for hubs because regular users often just let their money sit around instead of searching for profitable investment opportunities, so their opportunity costs are tiny to non-existent. It would be an easy decision for them to just invest it in a few channels and earn some fees.
@_date: 2017-12-16 17:06:50
I spend a lot of time in the shower thinking about how best to explain Bitcoin (or crypto in general) to non-tech people, without dumbing it down so much that they can't draw their own logical conclusions from it. The worst thing is when I explain it with a simple analogy, someone asks a follow up question, and I can only respond with "well, because it's not reeeeaaaally the way I just explained it".
@_date: 2017-12-16 17:23:58
This comparison is flawed, because with the internet there weren't multiple alternatives (aka altcoins) coming up at the same time. The only reason Bitcoin is ahead of other serious competitors right now is because it has the first mover advantage. We really shouldn't rest on that too much.
@_date: 2017-12-02 11:31:32
Again: Bitcoin smart contracts guarantee that all channels are safe. When you authorize a payment  through a route every hop on that route has to mathematically prove to the previous hop that the money has reached it's destination in order to draw funds. No one can take money without also sending the same amount to the next hop in the route, so no one can steal your money.
The worst case is that you commit funds into a channel to someone and then this someone is unresponsive and won't route your transactions. For this both parties sign a "refund" transaction before opening the channel that gives them their money back x blocks after the channel was opened. This x is the lifetime of the channel (e.g. one week), and you have to wait at most this long for the refund transaction to become valid so you get your money back. You can make the lifetime quite short, because you can extend it later.
If someone routed your transactions before but suddenly stops then you can post the last transaction that both parties signed to the blockchain. It's basically the same as the refund, but it returns the funds according to the current state of the channel, becomes valid a bit earlier than the refund, and invalidates the refund when it's included in a block (because it spends the same outputs).
So all in all: LN introduces intermediaries into payments again, but (like miners) they are completely untrusted. They can't take money unless you allow it and they can prove that it reached its destination, they can't hold money hostage indefinitely, and they don't even know who is paying whom, because they can only "see" the hops before and after them.
If you want to know more, [here]( is a great talk explaining many of the details.
@_date: 2017-12-08 13:51:17
Hmm, I think "bis" (=until) would also be wrong in German, "bevor" (=before) makes more sense. What was I thinking?? xD
@_date: 2017-12-21 11:59:00
Transactions are not for free, even for the miner that mines them. They have massive costs and need to include other people's tx in order to earn fees and pay their bills. If they include their own spam tx then those have to replace legitimate (paying) tx, so in the end they would just be paying in electricity costs instead of currency.
@_date: 2017-12-25 23:27:15
Again: I am not talking about tax evasion. If you have a regular business or buy a house and your government wants to check your cash flow, then it doesn't matter which payment service or currency you used if the numbers don't add up. The only difference the payment mechanism makes is how easy it is to hide transactions. LN is just as good as cash in this regard, because you don't actually produce a record that they could easily check (as opposed to Bitcoin itself for example), because those payments are onion-routed and only complete channel settlements (without details about single transactions) are posted to the blockchain.


They are regulated because you can exchange national currencies for other things on them. If you have a hub that just relays cryptocurrencies from one channel into another, then I don't know of any law that would apply there (but I am also not a lawyer :P). Of course they could create laws (I guess) and e.g. force you to use regulated payment hubs only, but they could just as well force you to only accept blocks from licensed miners or to only accept payments from and on registered wallet addresses. There is no centralization difference between the layers here, because they would not be affecting the hubs/miners themselves, but the users who they have control over. And as I said, they would need to put heavy surveillance in place in order to reliably enforce rules like this.
@_date: 2017-12-02 11:56:01
Well you need an incentive for hops to not try to cheat constantly or to spam unresponsive channels. The way LN does it is that hops have to commit funds and can be punished for cheating.
@_date: 2017-12-09 00:35:04
It's still in development, but they finished the first release candidate (RC) for the overall protocol a few days ago and have working alpha versions of node software and wallets. The different teams are working on different implementations of that base protocol, so those will be compatible with each other to form *one* lightning network. We are now awaiting beta versions from them in the coming weeks/months, and probably final release versions around mid next year (my estimation).
If that is a success then we will hopefully have solved scaling for the foreseeable future! :)
@_date: 2017-12-08 13:15:45
Ty, no I'm German. ;)
@_date: 2017-12-09 01:50:25
I think the only option would be to invest in some of the companies that are developing it right now, or companies that could benefit the most from its features, like micro-payment services. Maybe some of the altcoins will benefit from it, because lightning enables cross-chain transactions: You could buy something sold for Bitcoin by paying e.g. in Litecoin (or vice versa), and let the LN make the conversion automatically. Lightning itself is not a new currency or token, it's just a clever way to use already existing smart contracts tech to enable faster and cheaper transactions.
@_date: 2017-12-13 14:15:55
Hmm you are right, I can't believe I didn't think about that! xD
@_date: 2017-12-26 18:31:52
@_date: 2017-12-12 12:28:46
Because merchants would prefer it for the same reason and likely give you a discount if you pay with Bitcoin. Of course the current price spikes make it quite unusable as day-to-day currency, but that will solve itself as the market gets bigger over time.
@_date: 2017-12-25 15:13:50


The government of which country? How would they prevent someone from trading purely in crypto like this? The biggest hub could be some unknown guy on an island in the pacific ocean, using solar collectors and satellite internet, or a decentralized smart-contract running on Ethereum. Sure, if big banks become hubs, then this might happen to them (although as I said, they don't actually know or control anything), but if the banks/hubs in your country enforce rules you don't like, then you use other hubs in other countries. Bitcoin has no borders and no jurisdiction other than math!
@_date: 2017-12-26 00:01:08
Yea, I know, but how is that different from just banning Bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-12-02 14:14:56
I really have no idea, and I don't think anybody knows until we tried it. The thing is that certain attacks only become feasible/profitable when a certain amount of money is at stake (e.g. because they are expensive), so we have to wait for the money in LN channels to increase and see what attackers come up with. But the fact that it's all just based on regular Bitcoin smart contracts should give us the assurance that it has a good chance of not being too broken. ;)
All I can tell you is that the best minds in crypto are working on this right now, and many of them have a proven track record of being very careful and conservative when introducing new tech to the bitcoin system. It's also completely open source, so everybody can look at it, raise concerns and suggest improvements, and many people do. I have faith in this way of doing things, so I do think it will either be successful, or they will stop it altogether before it can do much damage, and look for other options if it turns out to be fatally flawed.
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:49:22
I think the general consensus around here is that the currency part comes with the LN. Blockchains alone can realistically only handle very low volume currencies (like many altcoins or BTC a few years ago), everything more than a few thousand transactions per block either leads to very big blocks or many unconfirmed transactions and high fees.
@_date: 2017-12-23 08:03:24
Having a monetary system without leaders is why Bitcoin was created in the first place. :P
But I know what you mean. There is nothing wrong with thought leaders (like AA), as long as every user can make his/her own decisions.
@_date: 2017-12-02 16:00:57


I think the other big thing are sidechains. They are not strictly "off-chain", just "off-the-main-chain" so to speak. The idea would be that you can exchange/convert coins between the main chain and those sidechains, and you only track the main chain and sidechains you are interested in (e.g. the chain for your country or your industry). This way not everybody has to store and process all transactions anymore, just a fraction.
Of course you can combine those ideas. LN can make transactions across sidechains or altcoins for example, because you can change the underlying consensus layer between hops.
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:30:17


Well there is  ... haven't used it myself though.
@_date: 2017-12-22 19:40:46
Great post overall, I just have one nitpick:


I really don't like this argument, because it implies that blocksize isn't relevant at all. By that logic we could just as well halve the blocksize multiple times, because everything above the current capacity can just be declared as spam or unnecessary. "It just added more traffic to the road" so to speak. Of course a larger blocksize increases traffic, but precisely because it reduces fees so people (or bots or whatever) will start to post transactions that they otherwise wouldn't have.
The real question that needs an answer is: **What is the right blocksize?** 1MB is completely arbitrary, but so is every other number, as long as there is no solid basis for why we should pick one over the other or go with a dynamic system. I have yet to see any research about how many users there are currently, how many there could be in 1 month/quarter/year/..., how many transactions they would want to do per day, what a proper average fee would be for that, how costly a node is at what blocksize, how costly a node should be at max to maintain a certain level of decentralization, how Moore's law and equivalent laws for storage/bandwidth/... play into that exactly, and so on. It's all just buzzwords, wild speculations and beliefs as far as I can see.
I mean, I don't have a solution myself, but shouldn't we start to base the blocksize decision on a solid economical+technological foundation, instead of just hoping or declaring that everything is fine or completely broken at the current blocksize level?
@_date: 2018-08-03 18:21:51
From reading the article it sounds like they will operate the same way every other exchange does. You send them BTC to an address they control, and they add the amount to your account on their platform. Then you can trade with everyone on their platform without hitting the Blockchain. I don't know why the article says it's like the LN, because if it was then they could just use the LN instead of creating their own (supposedly trusted) system.
@_date: 2017-02-27 11:06:02
But you can get around that if you fork right before the retarget.
@_date: 2017-02-22 11:45:49
This is why we have a limited blocksize and competition based on fees. You can't stop people from spaming without also wrongfully blocking legitimate transactions, but you can make them pay for the resources they are wasting.
@_date: 2017-12-09 23:08:55
It's basically a financial product that lets regular investors bet on the price of Bitcoin, either up or down. Many here believe that they are buying coins now to increase the price, bet on Monday that it will fall, sell their coins to profit from the high price and actually make it fall, and then also collect on their bets.
@_date: 2017-03-07 15:22:44
Nodes don't count, economic activity/value counts, because that is what miners are after. And weighting Tx flags by fees makes sure we are measuring economic value, not just # of nodes or # of (cheap) transactions.
@_date: 2017-03-07 15:50:22
What if we added voting bits/flags to transactions (just like blocks currently have) and weighted those by their Tx fees? Wouldn't that be a good measure of what the economic majority wants? Basically a kind of PoS where you vote with your money.
A majority of miners would still have a veto in this system, because they could just not include Tx with a certain flag set and even refuse the build on blocks that include those kinds of Tx, but they would have to actively block those Tx (Opt-Out) at their own risk.
@_date: 2017-03-08 13:16:00


I am referring to not validating part of the transaction because they didn't upgrade (e.g. not validating SegWit signatures), not just not validating at all. That is a bad idea in its own right, but there are already clear incentives to not do that.


There is nothing simple about that! It's a way to make people afraid to upgrade, and rightfully so because they can loose a lot of money. As I said: We need a way to vote on what the economic majority wants, so everybody can upgrade safely because they can be relatively sure the majority will do so as well.
@_date: 2017-03-04 18:18:51


This is what I am saying: Just setting up those nodes doesn't give me any power over the rules of the network. Economically active people need to actually accept my rules, and they only do that if they like the rules themselves (= I'm a great Bitcoin developer) or if they want to trade with me and accepting my rules is a precondition for that (= I represent economic value), both of which does not depend on the # of nodes I created. They wont accept my rules just because I created 1000000000 full nodes out of thin air.


No you don't, that would be fatal! I think you are confusing two things here:
* If you own 51% of the hash rate you can block transactions for a while.
* You can always change the rules of your own nodes to whatever you like, that doesn't mean the fork you are creating and the coins traded on it will have any economic value. That only happens if people with economic activity will follow you and start trading their real world values for your coins. Either way, you don't control the network, everybody (incl. you) just follows the new rules.
@_date: 2017-03-07 12:57:11
Miners and users are two different groups of people with different interests. Currently only miners have a way to vote on upgrade proposals.
I think a "safe" UASF should also include some kind of voting mechanism, to make sure a majority of nodes is validating a change before upgrading. Maybe add flag bits to transactions as well. Then weight those votes by Tx fee, so users can vote with their money.
@_date: 2017-03-04 17:54:26
So what does this give you?
* You now cannot trade with 80% of the network, because they disagree with you about the state of the chain.
* The 80% don't care about what you think, as long as you (and the 20% you agree with) don't represent major economic value, because they don't actually want to trade with you.
I am not saying that full nodes don't matter. What I am saying is that full nodes only matter if they represent enough real economic activity, so that others care about what they think. That probably excludes your personal full node at home, and it will exclude the collective of personal full nodes, because the vast majority of economic activity will come from (a) companies and organizations directly, and (b) simple users using a custodial wallet or thin client provided by a company.
@_date: 2017-03-07 15:36:11
Yea but the current UASF proposal allows a malicious actor to leverage a non-validating majority.
Suppose we would introduce SegWit as UASF: Someone could create a valid transaction where the SegWit part is invalid, a majority of non-validating miners and nodes would just accept it, because they don't validate the SegWit part. The minority that is actually validating the SegWit bit has to reject the Tx/Block and gets pushed into its own minority chain.
That means any SF proposal (user or miner activated) has to make sure that it is either backed by the majority of miners (so they can just not include invalid Tx in blocks) or the majority of economic nodes (so the economic value is on the chain without invalid Tx, so miners have an incentive to also start validating). Currently we can only check for miner majorities (by flipping bits in blocks), what we need is a way to check for economic node majorities (maybe flag bits in transactions weighted by Tx fee).
@_date: 2017-03-07 16:07:45
Trading bots would have to spend quite a few BTC for fees. In fact, they would have to fight the economic majority, just like malicious miners have to fight the hash power majority now.
Yes, this would only count people that actually transact their Bitcoins, I would argue that this is a good thing, because people that don't transact have a very limited interest in changes to the transaction mechanism (aka the Bitcoin protocol), They probably just want price stability or growth. No one will ever advocate something that harms Bitcoin owners, because everybody who transacts or mines also owns Bitcoins, but not the other way around.
Also economic transactions (not holdings) is what gives full nodes the power to enforce the Bitcoin rules (because miners want to be able to exchange their rewards for real world values), so it should also be what drives changes to the system.
But maybe I only like it because I want Bitcoin to be a currency that is used for transactions ("digital cash"), rather than just a store of value ("digital gold"), so I want more power for people who actually exchange their coins.
@_date: 2017-03-07 13:19:27
I think I would actually pay to see that! :D
@_date: 2017-03-08 15:29:58
Haha you are right, I can't believe I didn't see that. xD
I try to answer you points as soon as I have the time.
@_date: 2017-03-04 15:39:36


Whether your Bitcoins are spendable or not is decided by what the network thinks, not your personal node. If you want to spend a Bitcoin that your node thinks is valid, but the miners or the node of the receiver disagree, then you cannot spend that Bitcoin. So if you want to know if the Bitcoins you just received are spendable, then you should check what other nodes are thinking, not your own.


That depends on storage space, bandwidth and computing power, all of which are growing exponentially over time. So as long as the blockchain grows at most this fast (currently it's growing linearly) the time it takes to start a node should be constant.
@_date: 2017-03-07 16:00:11
The "economic majority" can be millions and billions of people that just agree on a proposal, an "authority" is usually just a handful of people. I agree that "just ask 100 big node owners" is not a valid way to determine what the economic majority wants.
In the end the economic majority is already what makes miners follow the rules (validating Tx), because they want to be on a valuable chain (one where Bitcoins are exchanged for real goods and services) so their mining rewards are actually worth something. We just need a way to find out what this "real" economic majority wants, a kind of voting mechanism for economic value (either holdings or transactions).
@_date: 2017-03-07 12:08:56
That's an important destinction, because it means they haven't really investigated it enough and might support it in the future. It means they don't just flat out reject the proposal.
@_date: 2017-03-06 13:27:03
I think I know what you mean, but I'd argue that running a personal full node gives you a false sense of security.
You can check if a particular transaction or block is valid according to **your** rules and **your** state of the chain. That doesn't really give you much more than a nice feeling in your belly though, because the important thing you should be checking is whether it is valid according to the network's rules and state, because that determines if you will be able to build on that Tx or block in the future. That is something no single node can reliably give you just by checking rules, including your own. What it might be able to tell you is that 20% agree or disagree with you, but then you could just check those 20% (and opposing 80%) in the first place, and make your decision based on that. In fact, that would be a very useful personal node, and (as far as I can tell) it wouldn't have to store the Blockchain to do this.
You say that if 80% of the network goes bananas, then the other 20% "good" nodes will just block them and the 80% will either come to their senses or go down the drain. This is all nice in theory, but in practice it is very very unlikely that 80% of the network just does the wrong thing, and if what they are doing is not totally broken then they will just block **you**, label your rules as incorrect and keep going without you. If their chain is where the economic activity is happening, then they will probably keep growing while your 20% will keep shrinking. Of course you can keep building you chain without the rest, but its economic importance and security will be extremely limited.
So in essence your scenario where you are right and fight against the rest of the "wrong" world is completely unrealistic, because that is not how consensus networks work. You either agree with the majority or you will be excluded by them until you do. Even if you are right and the rest of the world is wrong (however you define that), without economic value in you chain you can't do anything to enforce your rules (as you said yourself).
The value of full nodes comes from their **collective** ability to agree on the state and enforce the rules on the majority of the network. They can only do that if they can somehow make others follow their rules, and that means others must have an incentive to do so. This incentive is a combination of (a) others agree with the rules themselves (e.g. big miner rewards) and (b) the chain they are building using those rules has economic value that others are interested in (e.g. those rewards are actually "worth" something). Economic value implies real goods and services are traded for the tokens in the chain. Again: Miner incentives don't work if you don't have anything that miners are interested in, because that's the only thing making them follow your rules.
In conclusion: Personal full nodes can't give you the security that a Tx or block is "valid" (meaning you will be able to build on it), and they don't help in enforcing the rules of the network if they don't also provide economic value that give others an incentive to follow those rules.


Bitcoin is not trustless at all. In fact, it is often described as a "system of trust". The difference is that you don't place your trust in any one person or organisation, you place your trust in the majority! The only reason why checking the rules yourself gives any security is because you trust that the majority of the network will also follow those rules. But again, you could also just ask that network directly to be sure.
@_date: 2017-03-08 13:08:37
By weighting those votes by the Tx fee.
@_date: 2017-03-04 15:25:05


What impact do not-economically-active full nodes have on the network?
As I understand it, the miner's importance is weighted by the mining power they bring to the network, because they are the ones who actually build the blockchain. Full nodes give Bitcoin its economical value, because they represent the users that are willing to exchange real world values for Bitcoins.
If a node doesn't do either of those things, why should anyone on the network care what branch of the blockchain it thinks is valid? It could stop accepting blocks or add its own and no one would ever notice.


But we are not talking about giving it to a handful of banks. As I said, every small to mid sized organization or company should still be able to operate a full node, and smaller independent actors can join forces if they want to. Also the whole system is still open (transactions are still public and you don't need a license or anything), so anybody can come in and disrupt it if the existing actors don't serve the users well.
@_date: 2017-03-04 16:49:36
You recite this like a mantra, but don't give any arguments why your points are true or why mine are false.


Nodes per se don't count, economical activity is where the power to control the network lies. I can add 100000 nodes that don't do anything but observing the blockchain. That doesn't mean I now have control of the network, because no one cares about the rules I am enforcing on those nodes, because no one wants to trade with me.
@_date: 2017-03-24 10:24:26
I'd argue that the value per block will always scale with the total worth of the network, because the Tx fee is determined by the market.
In the case of LN we are compressing multiple transactions into two: Opening and closing of a channel. So the # of Txs goes down, but the fee ppl are willing to pay for these Txs will go up accordingly, because they really represent multiple Txs. So the total sum of fees should always scale with the # of "real" Txs, no matter how many of them (how fine grained) you actually store in the chain. This all assumes that we will continue to have blocks that are decently filled, so there is a good Tx fee competition.
In other words: As long as blocks are decently filled we will have a fee competition, and the amount of fee ppl are willing to pay depends on the value they are transmitting, not on the # of Txs they are using to transmit that value.
Of course I have nothing to back this up, just what I think will happen. :P
@_date: 2017-03-04 16:08:20


How can you be cheated by the network, when the network is the one to decide the rules? In Bitcoin whatever the majority of the network (or the part of the network you want to transact with in case of a fork) thinks is the de facto truth, no matter what your personal node is saying. If your node is in disagreement with the network, then you can probably no longer spend any Bitcoins.
I also think you should be careful in trusting any one actor, but you kind of have to trust the whole network, because it decides if it wants to accept your transactions/blocks or not.
@_date: 2017-03-22 08:55:36
No we don't, mining in Bitcoin is a self-balancing system! The difficulty target goes down when miners drop out, so it automatically becomes more profitable for the miners that remain.
@_date: 2017-03-07 11:50:08
As far as I understand it:
Currently miners signal if they want to accept a change in the Bitcoin protocol by setting bits in their mined blocks. When a  certain percentage of mined blocks has this bit set, then the change will take effect.
UASF (User activated soft forks) are changes that just have a predetermined time when they will take effect. Being soft forks means they are backwards compatible, so everybody who wants to upgrade (e.g to use a new feature) can do so, and everybody else can stay on the "old" system without causing a fork in the Blockchain.
There still are certain situations when a fork can happen with this system, but that is also true for soft forks activated by a miner majority, so at least it's worth taking a look at even if it is not perfect. Maybe there are ways to make it safe enough.
TL;DR: Basically this allows us to introduce non-destructive changes without requiring the majority of the miners to accept and validate them, but at the risk of not having a majority to validate the changes.
Please feel free to correct me if something is wrong!
@_date: 2017-08-03 10:47:27


It's not universally bad, it has some good properties as well, e.g. the creation of competition and niches. And even more so if it's not physical infrastructure, because you don't actually have to deploy that much. I guess at least 90% of the software required to accept cryptocurrencies forked from the BTC code is the same, and the hardware is identical afaik.
It's also a good measure against monoculture. If the one big global cryptocurrency fails for some reason (e.g. a bug), then we are in for a worldwide desaster! If it's just one of many, then it's probably not that big of a problem.


Why not? I switched from DSL to cable to DSL again, and it was no problem whatsoever, because they all provide the same Internet, just with different speed/latency/price characteristics. Where I live, cable companies forced DSL providers to step up their game, that's healthy competition.
 


So you don't want multiple mediums, but having just one is a problem?


This is the real problem with broadband, because  if you only have one provider he can screw you over, doesn't matter how many mediums there are. That's not a problem for cryptocurrencies however, because they are open infrastructures (like your city-provided fiber, in a sense) and you can also just exchange them for one another.
Multiple different cryptocurrencies can also help with scaling, just like sidechains. It's like sharding for the blockchain, because you don't store everybody's transactions on every node anymore. Of course sidechains would be nicer, but altcoins are the next best thing in this regard.
@_date: 2017-08-14 13:59:41
The right choice is never to bet all your savings on one horse, no matter how great it turns out to be! If you only invested as much as you were comfortable loosing, then you did the right thing, even if it means (in hindsight) you didn't maximize your profit.
@_date: 2017-08-03 11:35:15
I think this is exactly what OP is referring to with


Just because you disagree doesn't mean the other side is pure evil. They were not happy with recent community decisions, so they forked off. That's perfectly fine.
@_date: 2016-11-01 23:46:11
For your non-upgraded node inputs from SegWit transactions don't require signatures (afaik), so your node will just accept them.
As I said, if you care about validating those inputs you need to upgrade.
@_date: 2017-12-27 17:51:15
^ This
@_date: 2017-08-24 01:55:45
0!! :D
@_date: 2016-12-18 09:57:55
They released a new version called "Bitpay" (just like the company). Link: 
@_date: 2017-11-15 13:16:54
Maybe once we have the lighting network, to make micro payments viable.
@_date: 2017-11-10 12:22:19
So this seems to me like a way for a group of nodes to create, destroy and rebalance payment channels among each other without hitting the Blockchain in between and without trusting anybody. This could enable things like untrusted free payment groups, community payment hubs or cheep/free rebalancing between multiple different hubs.
I love how Bitcoin made money and value transmission just another part of computer science/information theory, so we can keep building ideas upon ideas until we solve our problems once and for all. :D
Definitely very exciting stuff!
@_date: 2017-11-28 16:44:22
Quality shitpost, I approve!
@_date: 2017-11-27 08:23:07
Bitcoin's price will reflect the economy as a whole once we reach max adoption. Then you will want to spend your BTC when the economy is going down, and hold them when it's going up. It should be kind of a self-correcting system (imo).
Regulating energy prices won't do much because the difficulty target will just adjust accordingly, so the network keeps spitting out one block every 10min.
@_date: 2017-11-27 08:27:11
Long confirmation times are really bad for retail, because it increases the likely hood of a double spending attack once you left the shop. We really need to wait for LN's instant confirmations for this stuff to work properly.
@_date: 2017-11-26 10:30:30
Why is that? There is real value in Bitcoin because it is a massive improvement in the way we use money, trade other valuable things and record information.
@_date: 2017-11-15 12:27:30
But isn't it also true that regular people mining at home probably don't switch chains every few days because of minor profitability differences? I think the average person would just build a mining rig and let it run, without constantly changing the chain it's mining on, because the average person has other things to do than micromanaging a crypto miner.
That would be exactly the kind of mining stability we need.
@_date: 2017-11-15 12:56:25
Wouldn't you have to give control of your bitcoins to a bot in order for that to work? I don't think this would be very popular around here. :P
@_date: 2017-11-27 00:30:49
What's hard about scanning a barcode and hitting send?
@_date: 2017-11-21 13:13:00
In order for you to be able to give your friend some BTC via the LN someone needs to open and fund a channel to him, either you or a hub that you can route your payment through. Whoever opens the channel will be paying for the fees, although he could deduct the fees from the payment and make your friend "pay" that way.
Your friend then has two options to spend those BTC in the LN channel: He either reverses the channel and routes his outgoing LN transaction through whoever opened the channel to him (you or a hub), or he closes it (so he receives those BTC in his wallet) and creates a new BTC transaction or outgoing channel to whoever he wants.
Either way, the LN doesn't really make sense if you only want to send your friend some BTC once, because you need at least 2 transactions to open+close a channel to someone, compared to 1 for a direct payment. The real benefit comes from everyone having multiple long-running channels to different people, and using those to route transactions through the network without constantly opening and closing channels. However, if we replace most regular BTC transactions with LN transactions that way, then the blocks shouldn't be as full, so the fees in general (for direct payments and channel opening/closing) should also go down.
@_date: 2017-04-19 11:46:45
If it wasn't patented then it would basically be a small downgrade of the hashing function in Bitcoin's PoW, which is not that big of a deal but also no use to anybody. Not patching it would also probably set a precedent that could bite us later. People will refer to it when the next "disputable" bug arises and point fingers at each other again (e.g. "why patch this bug when you didn't patch the last one").
@_date: 2017-04-20 00:43:34
If I buy 300 coffees over the year and I am using 300 tx for that right now, I can do the same thing with two tx when using the LN (opening and closing of a channel every year). That means those 300 tx can now be used to serve 150 ppl like me instead of just one. That's a 150x capacity increase without changing the blocksize.
Just because I can do micro-tx with LN doesn't mean I will start subdividing all my tx into many tiny micro-tx. It's far more likely that I will start to aggregate many repetitive tx I already do into just two, and all in between won't use space on the blockchain anymore. This saved space can now be used to serve more users.
Of course it's still possible that we will need a blocksize increase down the road. That however is not a precondition for lightning, but rather depends on our usage patterns after the LN introduction (how many current tx we save with lightning) and how full the blocks will be then.
@_date: 2017-04-19 10:16:57
There are two sides to this:
If only one or a handful of miners use ASICBOOST (e.g. they have a patent), then it absolutely is an efficiency gain for them, because they can produce 20% more hashes for the same amount of work, and therefore earn 20% more mining rewards for the same costs. But it also gives them a competitive advantage that will most likely lead to more mining centralization, and it can lead to 20% stronger attacks because mealicious miners probably don't care about patents and will gladly make their attacks 20% stronger for the same investment.
So same work -&gt; 20% more earnings = 20% efficiency increase (for the miners and attackers that can use it).
If everybody is using ASICBOOST, then no one has a competitive advantage anymore. They all produce 20% more hashes for the same amount of work, but so does their competition. That means their earnings won't go up. Furthermore the network now produces 20% more hashes as a whole, but the price per hash also decreased by 20% so it's still just as expensive to buy e.g. 1% of the hashrate. This means that although the hashrate increased the security of the network stayed the same.
So same work -&gt; same earnings and same network security = no efficiency increase (for anybody).
All in all it's a risk if few people use it, and does nothing if everybody uses it, except for maybe incentivising strange things like mining empty blocks (although I'm not sure how that all works).
@_date: 2017-04-19 14:37:02


Why is that?
It is my understanding that LN is a scaling solution, because instead of increasing the blocksize it reduces the number of tx needed. We might still have to increase the blocksize at some point, not because, but rather despite LN.
@_date: 2017-04-19 11:23:36
The problem is not that sha256 becomes easier, the problem is if it becomes easier **for just a few miners**. If everybody can use ASICBOOST then the difficulty target just increases to ensure a 10min blocktime and the world moves on. Also, saying we should patch it now because something actually bad could (but might never) happen in the future is a bit far fetched. There is always the possibility that someday we will find a severe weakness in sha256, but it doesn't mean we have to freak out right now.
Don't get me wrong, I'm all for patching it (to prevent centralization and because I just think it's a bug)! But please don't throw around problems that don't actually exist right now, because it makes it easy to oppose the idea of patching it altogether.
@_date: 2017-04-20 00:55:25
What you mean is that we need enough space in blocks to keep up with demand, but that's just as true now as it will be with lightning.
If and when we will need a blocksize increase depends on the actual usage after the LN introduction, and it's definitively not a precondition for LN to function. In fact, the LN will reduce demand for space in blocks because it reduces the # of tx (as stated above).
@_date: 2017-04-19 11:58:42
It increases the hashrate and lowers the price per hash by the same factor, so the price per % of the total hash rate stays the same. There is no security gain here, just the risk that miners with patents increase centralization and attackers (who don't care about patents) become stronger.
@_date: 2016-09-08 12:32:59
Yep, you were spot on! :(
@_date: 2016-09-08 10:54:07
What the hell did he write in his book that suddenly makes people buy Bitcoin? Must be some kind of epiphany.
@_date: 2018-03-20 14:28:24
That's one possibility, it will probably wipe out all the coins that don't have any special USPs besides being cheaper because they aren't being used. The other is that viable alts might flourish because the LN enables inter-blockchain transactions. It won't really matter which coins are accepted at a merchant, because you just pay with the coins you have and let the LN make the conversion automatically.
@_date: 2016-09-08 11:29:10
It's called a [Deterministic wallet](
This is basically a way to have many different addresses without having to remember them all (public and private keys). You start with a random sentence like "horse run car bicycle tornado cryptocurrency" and use an algorithm to generate your addresses from it. The key is that the same sentence will always produce the same addresses in exactly the same order. This way you only have to remember the sentence (it's stored on your hardware wallet) to have all your addresses remembered and ready to go.
The addresses themselves work exactly like regular Bitcoin addresses, so you can always send money to an old address. It's not advised though, because someone could look up what you did with that address before, what coins you spend and received and from whom. With deterministic wallets all these generated addresses look completely unrelated to the outside world, so connecting them to create a profile of your activity is much more difficult.
That being said, there are obviously some circumstances where you want to do exactly that, like publishing a donation address on a website. In this case it's probably a good thing that everybody can see how much you've got and how you spend it.
@_date: 2016-09-07 20:23:23
Edit: Sorry, I misinterpreted your comment. I thought you were promoting the idea of Apple having total control over their "shell" and unfairly stifling competing services.
Way to go, me!
@_date: 2016-09-04 12:53:20
I guess you would use physical Bitcoins for offline trading, and if you just write a private key on a piece of paper you have no idea if the money on that address has already been spend or if the buyer has made a copy and is paying with the same key over and over again.
The idea behind these things probably is that you can tell whether it has been opened or not, so if you have a sealed one you can be sure no one knows the key inside. Of course you have to trust the manufacturer.
@_date: 2018-02-01 15:04:24
My current explanation goes something like this:
- Money has been a social construct for thousands of years: The promise of future value. You give me something valuable (a thing or a service), but I don't give you something valuable in return. Instead I give you something (money) with the promise that you will be able to exchange it for something valuable in the future. It's kind of like social bonus points that you can earn by doing stuff for others, trade, and exchange at some point for *real* valuable things. That's why it's simultaneously true and not true that money doesn't have *real* value.
- So everybody has some of these bonus points, and we used to keep track of who has how many by using rare things we found in the world (feathers, fancy stones, metals, ...). At some point we moved to *virtual* money, by just keeping track of it in a list somewhere. For a single town this list could be a piece of paper in the local tavern or a board on the central marketplace with the current standing (Alice: 5, Bob: 3, ...) on it, but because we also wanted to trade with other cities/nations we needed banks to keep track of it.
- The problem is that those banks now have enormous power over how we trade. We can no longer trade directly with each other, we are asking the banks if they'd allow us trading with other people through their system and under their TOS. They can block transactions they don't like, charge high fees, deny you access to your account, and so on. That also means they can track and monitor every exchange we make with anyone, and this will only get worse with the inevitable elimination of paper money.
- We also had to come up with a way of how to create that money in the first place, because we couldn't just find it lying around (like stones) or dig it out of the ground (like metals). So we gave our respective governments the authority to issue/print it, but that means that we are now dependent on them to not overdo it. We used rare stuff in the past because that makes sure it keeps its value (e.g. sand would be a pretty bad currency because of that), but a government can in theory (and lately in practice) just print as much as it wants and devalue the money over time. 
- With Bitcoin, we can introduce those pieces of paper/boards on marketplaces again, but they are now stored on and synchronized between computers who have the software installed and are participating in the Bitcoin network. In order for this to work those PCs need to essentially do 3 things: (1) Keep track of who has how many points and prevent anyone from spending more than they have, (2) make sure that only the real owner can transfer them to someone else, and (3) make sure you can't fool others by spending the same points multiple times (double-spending), even temporarily. This would be easy with those boards on marketplaces, because there is only one board, you basically know everybody in town and they have to come in person to declare a transaction, but for trade on the internet we need a bit of cryptography to do it:
- (1) Explaining how every node relays and stores every transaction on the planet, how it calculates the current standing from that and how it checks that transactions only spend the outputs of previous unspend transactions.
- (2) Explaining secure hashing (convert any string to a fixed-size pseudo-random string in a way that is deterministic and irreversible) and public-private keys (one decrypts what the other encrypted), that in Bitcoin a hash of the public key is the destination address of a transaction and a signature can be used to verify that only the owner of the private key can spend those transactions.
- (3) Explaining that a solution is to have blocks of transactions that are consistent in themselves, to create a chain of them, to just pick someone at random to add the next block every few minutes, and how proof-of-work is a way to find the next random person to do that. Also explaining that this means one should wait 1-6 blocks for bigger transactions, and that this is the way how new coins are created at an ever decreasing rate.
Then I usually show them the blockchain and incoming transactions on a block explorer and make them install a wallet with the option to create a testnet address (e.g. Copay). I send them some testnet coins to play around with, and I tell them that you currently need exchanges to get some real coins, but the goal is to have an economy that trades entirely in Bitcoin.
After that the discussion usually goes on to topics like how this might change some of the current power balances around the world, how the price and marketcap of Bitcoin is related to its global adoption and why they should hodl long term if they want to invest in it, the privacy implications of storing every transaction in the clear and what can be done about it (e.g. confidential transactions), that mining has become an industrial endeavor and can't really be done at home anymore, and (if they are really interested) things like scripting, changing consensus rules, forks, altcoins, sidechains, lightning network and so on.
I especially enjoy the looks on their faces as their minds are blown because their world view has just made a complete 180! :D
@_date: 2018-02-17 13:51:01


How do you arrive at that conclusion? Don't you have to look at actual numbers to figure out if it's worth trying or not? I have no idea because that stuff is really not my area of expertise, but it seems to me that you are ruling out the idea based on nothing but unfounded speculations.


I actually do, because mining is still in a very early stage of development and miners have other priorities right now, namely chip efficiency and getting cheap energy. That doesn't mean that they won't look at using the excess heat to make some income when all other revenue factors are maxed out.
@_date: 2017-09-08 11:55:30
Here is a (imho) far better article that explains what MAST actually is: 
@_date: 2018-02-10 18:53:38
As a non-native English speaker I have a really hard time following his talk, and that's a shame because he is talking about really interesting stuff. He should either speak a bit slower or pronounce things more clearly.
@_date: 2018-02-12 11:52:40
I think the main con is that we don't know if it will actually work in production and be preferred by people over traditional payment networks until we tried it.
@_date: 2018-02-17 11:29:11
But this is already done with other heat producing processes, it's called [district heating](
@_date: 2018-02-03 11:51:44
Why so hostile?
What I mean is that the fact that it's so volotile actually scares normal people off, at least in my experience. It only really attracts gamblers and people with money to lose, which is a tiny part of the population.
@_date: 2018-02-17 17:47:39


My point is that you can't make that point unless you do the math, point to a study that did or give a compelling logical argument why it's obviously not efficient. Just speculating that it won't work because it's smaller without any other justification is simple nay-saying.


I'd say it should be possible to isolate it enough so you won't hear much if you're not directly next door. There are server farms in big cities and they seem to work alright.
@_date: 2017-09-16 10:37:56
The thing about this "wasted" electricity is that it's all based on open market forces.
Amount consumed x cost per watt scales with the trade volume of Bitcoin, not just the amount. That means that if electricity becomes scarce the price of it will go up and the blockchain's consumption of it goes down. It's not really used to produce anything, its value is used to secure the chain by making it very expensive to attack it.
Also, mining farms are build where electricity is cheap, so there is probably a surplus of electricity produced at those places (e.g. a dam, solar/wind farm or thermal plant not running at full capacity), or at least they are not using electricity that is sorely needed for something else.
@_date: 2018-02-18 12:06:10
There is no single point. The idea is that it becomes more and more stable the bigger the market cap is, because a huge market is far more difficult to move.
@_date: 2018-03-22 09:23:19
If you are looking at wallet descriptions: This feature is called "Hirarchical Deterministic" or "HD" for short. Nearly every popular wallet uses it now, afaik.
@_date: 2017-09-08 11:59:21
To be fair, that's a ~0.25% fee ... could be worse.
@_date: 2018-02-02 12:18:06
That's what brings big money to Bitcoin, not people.
@_date: 2017-10-07 11:55:54
Every node on the same fork agrees to the same validation rules. Those rules are a trade-off between different parties of the ecosystem, because every party would love to change the rules to be better for them, e.g. miners would probably want to increase the block rewards, and users would like to pay less fees. So in order for everybody to not change the rules on a whim they need an incentive to stay on the current fork.
For users (full nodes) this incentive is the fact that they need miners with hash power to build blocks for them. A bunch of users could decide to change the rules to eliminate transaction fees, but they would create a new fork that no miner would mine on, so it would be very vulnerable to attacks by miners from other forks.
The incentive for miners is that they want to be able to exchange their earned coins for real world goods and services, so they need to be on a fork with economically active nodes (=nodes with wallets that are used to exchange real world goods for coins). Otherwise their coins wouldn't  have any real world value. Some miners could decide to quadruple the block rewards, but there probably wouldn't be any users to trade with on that fork, so the coins they earn there are worthless.
This is why it is important to run economically active nodes. A personal full node that's just observing the blockchain is only valuable to you personally, because it makes sure you don't have to trust anybody. If you trade with that node however, then you add your personal economic activity and value to the fork that your node is on, and that gives miners (and basically everybody who holds coins on that fork) an incentive to obey the rules of that fork.
That's the true meaning of "securing the network" (afaik).
@_date: 2018-07-28 07:18:20
From the release notes:


@_date: 2016-10-31 08:39:48
I don't quite get your question. Do you mean you cannot check SegWit transactions with an old node or your upgraded node can't check wether old nodes will accept your SegWit transactions?
1. You should probably upgrade if you care about validating SegWit transactions
2. They will, because they think your transaction is spendable by everybody
@_date: 2016-10-02 07:29:39
You always have either the hash (for static files) or the public key (for versioned files) for a file, because that's what you use to request it, and it can then be used to verify the file.
If there are different versions you just take the newest one that is offered to you by the network, but you have no way of knowing if it's actually the newest overall or if there is someone with a newer version somewhere.
Private data is currently only possible if you encrypt it, but they are working on an access capability system, so nodes can restrict access to certain files.
@_date: 2016-10-31 08:34:16
True, he didn't explain at all how putting the sig in another block saves space, and his house analogy was not helpful.
@_date: 2016-10-05 08:45:16
Bitcoin talk starts at around 5:34
@_date: 2016-10-02 07:33:27
Yes, every node has a local repository that acts as a cache. Afaik they want to use Filecoin to encourage nodes to store other people's data and be rewarded for it.
@_date: 2017-05-19 09:54:50
The logic is that passive full nodes are worthless to the network. Miners don't care about them because they don't contribute any economic value to the network, so they can't help enforcing consensus rules.
They still might be useful to whoever is running the node of course.
@_date: 2017-07-18 18:48:39


Well that is telling me that producing those bulbs and selling them might be a profitable business. :P


That doesn't matter because it's a competitive market. Your chips don't need to be small or efficient, they need to be smaller and more efficient than the competition, and I don't think a light bulb is that great of a place to run a mining chip compared to a warehouse powered by cheap thermal energy and maybe even cooled by a nearby river.


Yea I can't see into the future and I honestly would be happy if they'd prove me wrong. I'm just laying out my argument as to why I think this particular idea has no future, at least not in it's current form.


A quick Google search will tell you that this is wrong. If PCs/smartphones are idle, then they don't draw power as if they would be working, so there is no "wasted" energy to tap into.
@_date: 2017-07-20 15:22:16
Dude, YOU are confusing so many things here, it's not even funny anymore.
There IS unused computing power in nearly every pc/smartphone, and you can use it for mining if you want. You will lose money doing so though, so nobody does it. If you dedicate some of your unused computing power to research projects, then you are paying for it with a higher energy bill, it's not free.
There kind of is unused internet bandwidth, but ISPs are betting on the fact that we are not all using 100% of our internet connection all the time, to save money. If we would then prices for internet access would go up accordingly, so it's not really free unused bandwidth.
There is no unused computing power in light bulbs, obviously.
So as you can see, however you turn it, it doesn't work! If you didn't understand it by now then I guess I can only wish you good luck with you mining light bulb endeavor. :P
@_date: 2017-07-07 12:44:18


Like this one guy in Kenia who wants to bring global payments and secure ownership to his village. If he's dedicated he should just get a good fiber connection and a couple hundred solar panels down there to run a small datacenter, right?
Your comment makes me realize that many ppl in BTC have fundamentally different visions for this currency/network. I want everybody to be able to participate in global trade and get rid of corruptible middlemen, what exactly do you want?
@_date: 2017-07-18 11:45:31
I don't say it's not possible, I say it doesn't make any sense economically.
Mining is a highly competitive market with low profit margins when it works like it's supposed to work (which is another story). Small embedded chips will never be able to compete with specialized mining farms on efficiency and energy cost, so it's highly unlikely that users will be able to make any profit with them.


That means this chip has to cover the cost of itself + the light, good luck with making that profitable. You can't just power the chip with the excess heat of the light bulb, it all costs extra energy.


What? No! That's not how power adapters or PSUs work (afaik). They only draw as much power as needed by the system (+ loss due to efficiency). If you add a mining chip to you system it will draw more power, not just use otherwise "wasted" energy that's there whether you need it or not.


CPU power is something completely different from energy. Also you won't be able to use your excess CPU power for mining because you need ASICs to even have a chance to be competitive.


I'd say even with such "free" energy you'd be better off just selling that excess energy back into the grid. Of course if that's not an option then mining chips might be a viable solution.


That's a noble goal and I admire it, but it has to also be economically viable if you want many people to adopt it. Because most consumers don't know about mining decentralization, or they don't care enough to pay extra. And businesses want to make a profit most of all, not save the planet.


As far as I can tell this is a development device, not something to make money from mining.
@_date: 2017-07-07 12:47:16


Well PayPal is a really nice thing for PayPal! I have a feeling many Big Blockers want to turn BTC into a PayPal/Banking like system where they can make big profit off of everybody's transactions.
@_date: 2017-07-20 14:53:31


That IS "being idle". If you use 10% of your cpu, then it's 90% idle and only consumes 10% energy. The PSU will only draw and deliver 10% energy, maybe a bit more because of efficiency. If you start mining on it it will consume 100% energy. Every sec you mine will increase your energy bill, there is no unused "free" energy that's just waiting to be converted into mining profit.


It's only drawing as much as is needed to keep the battery topped up, this is called "Trickle charging". Again: Every mining activity will just increase your energy consumption accordingly, there is no unused energy that you can just tap into for free.


Sure, I guess microchip R&amp;D just stops at 15nm, because we reached or final goal or something? Also, competitiveness is also (maybe even more) about energy cost, cooling capabilities, internet connection etc. There is no way a light bulb in someone's house can compete with specialized warehouses full of highly optimized mining rigs.


Then it's dead on arrival as a consumer or business product, and it needs to be a success if it wants to have any noticeable impact on mining decentralization. I know this is shit but it's how economics works.
@_date: 2017-07-07 15:44:07


Devs can't change the consensus rules without support from the majority. Users have to accept their proposed changes and deploy them on their nodes. All devs can do is provide code and present logical arguments as to why it is better than what is currently running on the network. That is exactly what core did and what every other human being on earth can do, core dev or not.
The fact that core has any influence at all is because their arguments make sense to many ppl and they have a proven track record. If you don't like that, then create code of your own and start convincing users that it is better than what core offers. If you find that nobody want's to run your code, then it's probably not as good as you think it is, or users just don't agree with you!
@_date: 2017-07-18 11:18:36


No, because the 3rd party only facilitates your access to an otherwise completely open infrastructure, so it has basically no power to screw you over. You are always free to just choose another similar company or do it without one altogether.


... "untrusted" is the key here. Miners are 3rd parties as well, but they have no power to fake or change any of your transactions. Same thing with LN payment hubs, as long as you don't share your keys.
@_date: 2017-07-09 08:23:52


I guess you can back that up with some evidence, because it would be pretty stupid of you to just claim to know what users think. And you are not stupid, right? Letting the masses vote with their money is exactly what the Bitcoin consensus protocol does, even if you personally don't like what the masses vote for.


SegWit and LN are not the same thing. We can activate SegWit as an optimization, fix and slight capacity increase now and find out later if the market wants something like LN or not. Also LN is not off-chain, all payment channels are legitimate Bitcoin Tx and have to be settled on the chain, they just save space by bundling multiple Tx together. There are also many reasons to prefer LN over direct Tx like reduced cost and latency.
@_date: 2017-05-30 12:42:39
This is so biased (and partially wrong) it's not even funny.
@_date: 2016-07-24 11:46:25
I'm not a bitcoin programmer or anything, but as far as I understand it:
There is a single hash in every block's header (the merkle root) that is the root of a merkle tree of all the transaction ids in the block. It can be used to check whether a transaction is in the block (and therefore "happend"). Because of the tree's properties you don't need to store all the block's transactions to make that work. You can delete parts of the tree (branches) that have been completely spend because every treenode basically summes up the hashes of the branch below it and can be used instead of the whole branch.
This is very useful for validating bitcoin nodes to save on disk space. They can delete completely spend branches of transactions from their local copy (eventually removing everything but the block header) and still be able to verify every unspend transaction.
@_date: 2016-07-12 11:19:52
It's not that the halving suddenly destroyed half of all Bitcoins, but it halved the creation rate of new ones. So I guess it won't have an immediate effect on the price. Instead it will just accelerate the price climb in the month to come, or at least dampen the decline.
@_date: 2017-06-27 17:34:02
Not that I know of. But I'm also not a Bitcoin dev, so take that for what it's worth. :P
@_date: 2017-06-27 15:09:22
The way I see it is that raising the blocksize to 2mb now is really not that big of a deal (IF done well, which is a whole different story), but it sets a bad precedence for how we will deal with the scaling problem going forward.
Scaling is not something we solve once and for all, it's a limit that we have to keep pushing against to increase the capacity and reach of the system. Just increasing the blocksize is NOT a viable solution for the future, because we can't store the entire planet's transactions on every validating node in the network, it just requires too much storage and bandwidth. What would happen is only a few people could maintain such a node and the whole system becomes centralized to the point where we basically have the current banking system again. It would also be a massive waste of those resources.
The far better approach (imo) is to decrease the required storage and bandwidth per person/entity using the network, e.g. by removing unnecessary data from transactions and blocks (afaik this is how SegWit achieves a ~2x capacity increase) or by bundling multiple transactions together into one (Payment Channels =&gt; Lightning Network). There are many more such optimizations we can do, and we should explore and deploy those before we really consider raising the blocksize limit. Raising it is actually not that bad though, if done mindfully. Storage and bandwidth availability grows exponentially over time, so it's also a valid scaling approach if we can make sure it doesn't lead to centralization as explained above.
So in essence (again: imo) this is more a fight for how we will approach things in the future, rather than what we do right now. It's basically a struggle for power and ideological high ground between different parties in the Bitcoin system.
@_date: 2017-06-15 11:00:00
Remember that all coins you got before the chain split are valid on both chains! So you don't loose any money even if the price halves (on average) after the split, because you now have twice as many Bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-06-15 14:26:24
How a split will play out economically is everybody's guess, but if it goes well the price probably won't take to much of a hit (across all forks). The core value proposition of Bitcoin will still be there after all. There's just going to be a great deal of uncertainty while the split is happening.
@_date: 2017-07-18 09:18:54
I don't see that happening because of two major reasons:
1. Mining costs electricity and many consumer devices run on battery. There is also no way to reduce that cost because it's a competitive market so making it more efficient just means more hash power, not lower consumption.
2. Mining devices have to observe the Blockchain, meaning they have to be always on, connected and consuming bandwidth.
Why on earth would any consumer or business want that in their devices, instead of just paying a reasonable fee?