@_author: nightgoatgoesbaaah
@_date: 2017-12-13 15:03:45
Hi, I'll try to get in contact with the local shelters I'm about to mention and get them to apply, but first I'd like to give them a signal boost here, just in case you see it. :) 
The first shelter I'm going to mention is RescueCats ( This is where me and my boyfriend got both of our sweet babies. They're a no-kill charity that (contrary to their name) saves both cats and dogs. In addition to taking in shelter overflow. they take in animals that most county shelters would simply consider putting down, ones with life-long diseases like our cats have. Even if their cats never get adopted, they keep them. Nox and Muffin, our cats we adopted, are FIV+, which is feline HIV. Please consider giving even a little to these awesome people. They're not very good technologically, their website is crap and their FB is hilariously non-marketable, but the group is just a bunch of sweet older-people who are just trying to do the best they can to make a difference. In addition to this, if you know someone who is good with website design, they've asked for a volunteer to re-design their website. Here's their FB if you wanted to get in contact with them: 
 
They tend to answer FB messages fastest. :)
The second shelter I'm going to try and put out there, is the Georgia House Rabbit Society ( I actually volunteer here fairly regularly- they're amazing folks. In addition to being a no-kill rabbit shelter, we've also rescued birds, squirrels, and guinea pigs. We're in the process of trying to build a larger facility (because our place is basically a house that we've done our best to convert), but things are always tight at the shelter. We take in so much overflow, as well as being called out to catch rabbits that people have reported, and we take in big rabbit dumps (I think the largest we've ever taken in at once was the Big Tree dump, it was like 40-something rabbits found by a creek, but Jen, the shelter manager, would know for sure). Our shelter is constantly full, but we take as many buns in as possible. Sometimes we barely have walking room, haha.
I know that a lot of people think that rabbits can live in the wild, but that's simply not true. There's the north american cottontail, which is the non-domesticated breed of rabbit, which is fine in the wild. Then there's basically everyone else. There's a lot of misinformation about rabbits out there (that carrots are good for them is probably the biggest), but buns are as sweet and kind an animal as any cat or dog, and bunnies deserve the same recognition as friends that we bestow upon other pets.
I'm not sure if you'll see this, but if you do, please consider helping these shelters out. Also, if you're considering giving to your own local shelters, please don't try to do so through the HUSA (Humane Society of the United States). Only 1% of their donations go to the local shelter that bear a similar name (Humane Society of Cherokee County, etc.). Just donating straight to the local shelter is typically the best option.
Thank you so much for any consideration you've given to these places, and congratulations to you for hodling long enough to make it this big. :)