@_author: nightmarezx
@_date: 2014-08-12 14:21:54
I can see you've supported Neo and Danny for a while. Not sure if I should reply as you've defended him this whole thread (and you might be him) but: 
I think it is pretty sad you for one thing think she would be lying about something so grim, I for one believe she just wanted someone to talk to as I don't think that many of her girlfriends would understand..
I fail to see any motive whatsoever since asking for donations or whatnot was never her agenda. And I am pretty good at spotting such things, I managed to pull out of Neo pretty quickly a month or so before crash.
People lost a lot of money and just like with MtGox some handle it better than others as sad as it is.
@_date: 2014-02-28 17:52:14
how do u feel about Neo &amp; bee? 
@_date: 2014-08-12 14:38:01
It's very obvious it's you Danny..
Who would else keep count of his posts a few months ago?
And also you come back from a 1 month hiatus on "despected" to defend.. yourself. 
I guess I was just hoping I could get an apology out of you. But I see that is farfetched.
If you'd like to apologize to her in private to not implicate yourself or something, I have her details.
I am sure it would mean a lot.
@_date: 2014-08-12 13:59:32
I was contacted by a girl in her thirties who's boyfriend killed himself after losing 165,000$ with Danny. They were on their way to start a family and settle down. She were still extremely heartbroken when we spoke. Broke &amp; shattered to pieces. 
I don't think for one second Danny realizes what his actions have caused. No, I definitely know that given the trollface picture, clear disrespect.  She did not seem to care for either the money nor getting you prosecuted. She probably wishes she would of never come across you nor trusted her optimistic beloved with their savings.
That's why I even started this thread. I haven't even seen an apology anywhere. I'm still pretty shaken given it's amongst the most fucked up things I ever heard. Whilst some honest people with open hearts lose everything, scumbags get it all. If karma is real then you sure are going places.
You really are a piece of work, enjoy the Ferrari.