@_author: nightwingdragon
@_date: 2017-12-05 16:22:00
The US has a disproportionate amount of sway in the global economy.  A ban from even large European countries like France or Germany may deal a harsh-but-not-crippling blow.  A ban by the US would deal a far more fatal blow than any other country (or even group of countries) could.  It would be worse if other countries such as the UK were to pile it on.   
There's also simply the sheer number of people that are involved in Bitcoin through Coinbase.  You're talking about [13 million accounts]( (if this number is accurate).  The overwhelming majority of those people would simply sell their coins and leave the economy permanently rather than remain invested in what would be an illegal activity.   The sell-off and permanent exit of millions of people would probably deal just as much of a blow to the viability of Bitcoin as the ban itself.  
You are correct in your assessment of Japan, Korea, etc.  Those countries (and others in Asia) have taken steps to embrace Bitcoin, which may soften the blow.  However, I'm not sure if even that could stop the damage that would likely be done by a US-led ban on Bitcoin, along with the panic-sell and permanent exit of so many people that would follow.   A panic-sell and such a steep drop-off is very likely to cause a collapse in Asian markets as well, and cause a lot of Asian businesses who are beginning to embrace Bitcoin to rethink their positions.  It's one thing to embrace a cryptocurrency that is on the rise, but it's an entirely different thing to embrace that same currency if it loses 95% of its value overnight and now makes it exponentially more difficult to do business in the US market.   It's possible that Asia as a whole may end up exiting the market as well not because of a ban, but because of a market collapse.
With that being said.....if the US were to embrace Bitcoin at the same level that it is being embraced in countries like Japan and Korea, the current price of Bitcoin would seem like bargain-basement prices compared to what it would be a year from now.   The couple of hundred dollars I invested in Bitcoin back when it was ~$2000 would likely turn into enough to put a down payment on a house.  
@_date: 2017-12-05 14:09:44
He's wrong and he's not.  
Can Bitcoin be "shut down"?  No.  That's the whole nature of it.  It's decentralized.  Just because one country takes action against Bitcoin doesn't change the fact that it can remain alive and well in other countries.
But the US can deal a crippling blow to it.   
Bitcoin is one of the primary cryptocurrencies used in ransomware.  It has a long history of association with child porn rings, illegal drug trade, and other uses on the dark web.  It has very little mainstream adoption.  There have been several high-profile occurrences of incidents such as Mt. Gox where people have lost their bitcoins with no legal recourse.  
Given all of the above, it would be trivially easy for some politicians to hold a smear campaign against Bitcoin, painting it as something that is primarily used by terrorists, drug dealers, and pedos.  Law enforcement, already on an anti-encryption crusade, could say that Bitcoin makes it easier for criminals to transfer money relatively anonymously.   I would be willing to bet that a smear campaign would actually be quite effective in getting the general public to support a ban on Bitcoin.
And a US ban on bitcoin WILL deal a crippling blow to its value.  The vast majority of people on Coinbase, for example, would just sell everything off and exit the market (which would cause other holders from other countries to sell off in a panic-sell), leading to a price crash.  
This would be magnified if other countries such as the UK follow.  Bitcoin wouldn't be "shut down", but the days of $11,000 bitcoins would be gone in the blink of an eye.   
The chain of events that would likely follow if the US were to ban Bitcoin would likely lead to prices being back &lt;$100.  While the enthusiasts on this sub (and Bitcoin enthusiasts in general) may have a different opinion, the overwhelming majority of people who are currently involved in Bitcoin are not going to want to engage in a cryptocurrency that runs afoul of the US government, and its the investments from those people that are the reason why Bitcoin is so valuable today.  
@_date: 2017-12-05 14:22:40
Ask online poker enthusiasts what the online poker community was like before the UIGEA vs. what it's like today.  The UIGEA almost singlehandedly caused the online poker boom to grind to a halt, and caused many top sites to fold.   The ones like Pokerstars that did survive are a shell of what they were back in 2005.  
And no...the US Government cannot "stop" bitcoin.  But they can deal a crippling blow to it and render it virtually worthless, especially if other governments such as the UK follow suit.  
@_date: 2017-12-05 15:51:27
If the US government (and any other governments that follow) were to write up legislation against cryptocurrencies, I'm sure they'd be smart enough to make sure it covered all current and future cryptocurrencies, and not just specifically Bitcoin.  To specifically target Bitcoin would be laughably stupid and ineffective.
Any cryptocurrency that would be poised to "dethrone" Bitcoin would face the same hurdle.  They would be just as illegal as Bitcoin would be.  Very few people would want to deal with a cryptocurrency where they cannot buy and sell safely and legally while also risking running afoul of whatever laws may happen to apply to them.  And since no businesses are going to want to deal with an illegal currency, mainstream adoption would be virtually nonexistent.  
Properly written legislation would guarantee that *any* cryptocurrency would be relegated to use by a fringe group of people that (rightly or wrongly) would be painted as people who, for whatever reason, are trying to circumvent the law.  
Full disclosure:  I own .2 bitcoins.  I don't have much of a dog in the fight, and I'm actually a supporter of bitcoin in general.  But I'm also realistic enough to know that cryptocurrencies are currently flourishing because our various governments are allowing them to (or at the very least, not actively doing anything to stop them).   And while I believe that the nature of the technology prevents government from "shutting down" cryptocurrencies in the traditional sense, I'm also realistic enough to know that they could step in at any time and deal a blow that would likely end up rendering cryptocurrencies all but worthless overnight.  
I'm not saying they *will*.  I'm just saying they *could*.  
@_date: 2017-12-09 01:56:21
I bought about $800 over a period of a few months.   Had about .14 bitcoin when it hit $17k a few days ago.    
Despite what a lot of enthusiasts on this sub say, I don't believe that the current surge in price is sustainable, and the incredibly sharp spike in price makes me a bit nervous to say the least.
So what do I do?  Do I sell off the bitcoin, take my profit and run?   Or do I take the risk that it'll go even higher?  
I decided to sell off about $1200 worth.   I've got back my initial investment, enough to cover the taxes, and pick up a new game or two.  I'm cool with that.  
I've still got about .07 bitcoin left.   I'm playing with house money at this point.   I'm not going to sit there and try to "buy the dip" or any of that crap.  I've got it set up so if it falls below $13k, I sell.  But beyond that, I'm just going to let it ride and not stress over what the price is on a day to day basis.  I either walk away with another $900 or so if the price goes into freefall, I have an extra bit of cash left over in case of emergency or if I just decide I want something really cool, or I make bank if bitcoin actually does go "to the moon".  Either way, not seeing a downside from this point.  
@_date: 2017-12-05 14:13:31
There's a big difference between a non-government lobbying group and the US government.  
The US government was very successful in dealing a crippling blow to online poker a little over 10 years ago.   
If the US government passes a couple of laws that make it illegal to deal in Bitcoin (which would effectively shut down Coinbase) and makes it exponentially harder for the average joe to "cash out", you're going to see the price of Bitcoin drop like a stone.  
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:42:19
Thanks for the compliment. 
The problem with Monero is that using it would end up becoming a self-fulfilling prophecy.  People would attempt to adopt Monero to get around government regulation, which would be used to support the argument that the only people who use cryptocurrencies are doing so to get around government regulation.  Which would lead to more government regulation and stiffer penalties.  
And it still leaves the problem that there would be no legal, safe way for your average joe to either buy in or cash out, and mainstream adoption would be virtually nonexistent.  Why would your average joe get involved in *any* cryptocurrency that would run them afoul of government regulation and has no real mainstream use?   With a minisucle amount of users (limited mostly to crypto enthusiasts and criminals), practical use for the average joe being extremely limited and overall use being largely relegated to government circumvention and criminal activity, we'd be back at a situation where even the most popular cryptos would be worth pennies on the dollar at best.  
And keep in mind....I'm one of those "average joes".  I bought a little bit back when it was in the 2k range.  I'm never going to retire on it.  If it tanks....&lt;shrug&gt;.  If it keeps its value, I've got a nice little emergency fund.  If it continues to go up, I've got a bit of a bigger emergency fund.  But I'm not willing to run afoul of any regulations.  If the US were to for whatever reason clamp down on Bitcoin tomorrow, I'd cash out before the ink was dry and never look back.  I'd be willing to bet that the overwhelming majority of people who have invested in the past 6 months have a similar mindset.  
@_date: 2017-08-17 14:11:56
First, the chances of that drive actually containing a wallet with 950 BTC on it that somehow isn't encrypted are slim to none.  Either the wallet, if it exists, has been emptied, or it's password protected.  Nobody is going to leave 950 BTC on a hard drive naked, even if this was a drive from back in 2011/2012.  That's still ~$1000.
That drive is either non-functional, empty, or password protected.  Or OP wrote "950BTC" on a drive for karma points.
That being said, in the *extremely* unlikely chance that he has access to the coins, verifying it on Reddit for a few karma points would be the absolutely WORST thing he could do.   Regardless of the actual outcome of the case, the second best thing he can do is say "Got nothing.  Drive was non-functional."
Best thing he could've done was not make the post in the first place.  
@_date: 2017-08-03 00:24:59
If the real Satoshi (assuming he's not dead) were to just transfer 1 satoshi from one of his wallets to another one.....that would fuck with the whole Bitcoin community on an epic scale.  
@_date: 2017-08-04 13:25:28
It's traceable if the person engaged in illegal activity is dumb enough to use wallets that can be tied to their real-world identity.
In a case like this, the people behind Wannacry can just move the coins into a whole bunch of brand new wallets.  Slowly, over time, they can then sell them through localbitcoins or other sites to average joes.   The buyers will likely never know the real identity of who they bought the coins off of.
The buyers can be traced and will likely end up caught up in a criminal money laundering investigation through no fault of their own.   But the person or people they bought the coins from are going to be long, long gone.
Even if the buyer is able to describe who they bought the coins off of, there would be no way to know if it was the real owner of the coins or some low-level crony who was working for them.
Retaining anonymity is possible.  You just have to be willing to sacrifice speed and convenience to do so.
@_date: 2017-08-09 12:22:35
Market correction.  
@_date: 2017-08-06 12:21:32


Even if he moves so much as one satoshi from one of his wallets to another, it means that his entire stash of ~1 million BTC that everybody thought was forever lost is actually active and could enter the market at any time.    
It also forces people to re-evaluate their estimates on how many other long-inactive wallets really are dead vs. how many people somehow managed to hold for all these years and are now sitting on a pile of money.  
I have no idea on how much (or if) that would negatively impact the price of Bitcoin itself, but it would definitely cause huge changes to the way a lot of people think.  
@_date: 2017-08-24 23:41:00
One of the oldest and biggest selling points of Bitcoin since its inception is that transaction fees were incredibly low, to the tune of pennies on the dollar when compared to traditional fees.
It was advertised that Bitcoin would be the "future of money", as people would tell their stories of being able to buy pizza with Bitcoins.  This was new money!  This was the future!  And there wasn't a damn thing the "banks" or "the elite" could do about it.  
And now this is being shown to not be the case.  Transaction fees are absurdly high, to the point where the "everyday" transactions are no longer realistic.   Transaction fees are still comparatively low for people transferring very large sums of money, but gone are the days where Bitcoin has much practical use for the average user.
And when anyone brings any of this up, they are being met with increasingly snide and sarcastic replies from bitcoin zealots that say little more than "Bitcoin is a store of wealth now",  "If you want something to use for everyday use, find an altcoin", and basically "This is the way it is now.  Suck it up and deal with it, pleb."
It's this attitude that will hinder Bitcoin's growth in the long run if these problems aren't addressed.  Discussion of these problems is a good thing, and people shouldn't be so dismissive of them.  
@_date: 2017-08-06 12:40:10
For better or worse, a lot of reputable exchanges are going to ask you for this information or more in order to comply with whatever "Know Your Customer" laws exist in the country they happen to set up shop in.
Personally, I fully agree with you in that I don't trust handing that kind of information over to *any* of these companies, especially over the internet.  There's simply not enough consumer protections there, and I think people who give out that kind of information to *any* of these exchanges are leaving themselves wide open to identity theft and the exact breaches of privacy that Bitcoin was supposed to protect.  
What makes all of these exchanges super-shady is that most of them don't ask you or even inform you of the identity verification requirements until you attempt to withdraw, putting you in a situation where you either open yourself to identity theft or lose hundreds if not thousands of dollars that they're now holding hostage.
@_date: 2017-08-17 14:21:10
Sorry, didn't mean to be grounded in reality.....we now go back to our regularly scheduled delusion where someone knows enough about Bitcoin and how to invest in it drops 950 BTC onto a drive, doesn't encrypt it, and is so careless with it that it somehow ends up in a thrift store.
Because that's realistic.
@_date: 2017-08-02 21:06:11
I signed up for an account and deposited with no ID verification.  Waiting for the confirmations.
@_date: 2017-08-03 11:55:30
If he transfers 1 satoshi from one of his wallets to another, it means that he still has the private keys and therefore access to his wallets.
His wallets are estimated to have about a million bitcoins.  Those bitcoins, as of right now, are considered lost forever because there is no activity and nobody knows who (if anyone) has the private keys.  
The minute he transfers even 1 satoshi from one wallet to another, it means Satoshi is still alive, and also that 1 million bitcoins are potentially live and in play, and Satoshi can essentially dump 1 million bitcoins on the market whenever he feels like it.
@_date: 2017-08-02 20:49:19
HitBTC is the only one I found.  Requires 2 confirmations.
@_date: 2017-08-17 14:04:27
If the HDDs are still at least semi-functional, you should put some random encrypted file on it and call it "wallet.dat".  
@_date: 2017-11-16 22:25:02
Sold at 6800, knowing the dip was coming.  Went to bed, figuring it would be at ~6000 when I woke up.  Slept through the dip down to $5500 and woke up with it at $6200.  Bought back in.  
Still made a couple hundred bucks.   But damn, to have been up to be able to buy when it hit $5500 would've been sweet.
@_date: 2017-09-16 15:20:36
i didn't expect it to go that low.  
@_date: 2017-09-15 19:17:32
This is exactly what I did.  Sold at 4k to buy back in at a lower price point.  would've bought back in at 3k if I were awake during that window.  I actually think we're gonna see another dip once China wakes up.
@_date: 2017-10-01 03:45:29
Actually, the current situation in Puerto Rico pretty much answers your question.  Electricity is out just about everywhere, and internet/online connectivity is virtually nonexistent.  
Bitcoin wouldn't do shit to help the current situation there.  If you don't have access to the Internet, you don't have access to your bitcoin.  It becomes immedately useless.
But, as evidenced by the deteriorating situation in Puerto Rico, if we ever are in a situation where the internet and electricity are going to be out for long periods of time, not having access to Bitcoin is going to be the least of your worries, as society in general will deteriorate very quickly.  
Bitcoin has its uses, but so does traditional currency.  
@_date: 2017-09-05 16:27:03
Follow these instructions *exactly*.  Do not do anything out of order.  
* Download Coinomi.
* Restore wallet on Coinomi using your 12 word phrase.
* Select only "Bitcoin" when asked for what type of currency you want.
* After the wallet is rebuilt, go to "Overview".  At the bottom, click on "+Coins".
* Select "Bitcoin Cash" from the list.
* **DO NOT SELECT ADD**.  Instead, select "Advanced Settings".
* In the Derivation Path, replace what's there with "M/44H/0H/0H".
* Now click "Add".
* Your Bitcoin Cash should populate with whatever balance you had in BTC when the fork occured.
@_date: 2017-07-18 13:51:46
The idea of "locking it away from yourself" isn't what people are questioning.  It's locking it away from yourself *for so long*.  
Bitcoin is highly volatile.  The last thing you want is to be locked out of your own bitcoins when either (a) you're in a desperate financial situation and need to cash out, or (b) the market crashes for whatever reason, and the lockout is leaving you unable to cut your losses.  Nobody knows where bitcoin is going to be in 5 years or even one year, let alone 10, and locking yourself out of the ability to adjust for significant changes is a very risky idea at best.
@_date: 2017-07-18 16:31:51
These "predictions" are being made by a whole bunch of people who have a vested interest in Bitcoin's value going up.  
While I'm certainly no authority on what is and isn't an objective source, I personally dismiss pie-in-the-sky predictions like the ones in this article and personally prefer more objective discussions on the subject that are more grounded in reality.  
John McAffee's opinion on the future price of Bitcoin is about as valuable as Jenny Mcarthy's opinion about vaccines  -- neither one has any business talking about the subject, and their opinions are likely to cause more harm than good.
@_date: 2017-07-19 13:02:22
Jenny McCarthy is also filthy rich.  That doesn't make her an authority to talk about vaccines.  
McAffee made his money developing antivirus software.  That doesn't give him any level of expertise or authority to talk about bitcoin.  
Even if his prediction ends up being correct, that would just be mere coincidence.  *I* could say that Bitcoin will hit $1,000,000 in 10 years.   Even on the .00001% chance that my prediction ends up coming true, it wouldn't change the fact that the number was simply pulled directly out of my ass and not based on objective data.  The same applies to McAffee's prediction.
@_date: 2017-07-19 14:12:57
You do realize that McAffee isn't wrapped too tight, right?
The man is extremely paranoid, has been suspected of being involved in a murder, and his most recent involvements in anything tech-related ended up being self-admitted publicity stunts.
He has absolutely *nothing* on his list of so-called "accomplishments" that give him any authority or level of expertise to speak of Bitcoin in any capacity, outside of making the same speculations that any layman can make.  
You're defending the "authority" of a man who's sanity is in question, has absolutely no history or expertise with cryptocurrencies, and has admitted to fabricating what ended up being publicity stunts at least twice in the past year.  If he's your idea of a "tech visionary", then our conversation is done.  
@_date: 2017-07-18 11:46:20
If the value of fiat currency "falls off a cliff", we have much more significant economic issues to worry about that not even Bitcoin is going to be able to solve.  You'd be talking about an economic depression that would make the Great Depression seem like losing a couple of bucks on a scratch ticket.
@_date: 2017-07-19 13:29:59
The US and state governments, who aren't getting their share of the taxes.
If you're in the US and are dealing with buying/selling more than a miniscule amount of Bitcoins, pay your taxes.   It sucks, but if you somehow get swept up in one of these operations, you could find yourself in a world of trouble, and possibly be subject to civil forfeiture. 
Remember, you are *not* anonymous.  Every transaction to and from your wallet can be traced.  
@_date: 2017-07-21 14:57:14
It depends on what he means by "pay bills".  
Even the most financially stable situation can nosedive in a moment's notice.  "Oh, shit I got into a car accident and my wife broke her leg and is going to be out of work for 2 months".  A situation like that you all of a sudden have a pressing need for the $X,000 that you invested in bitcoin just 3 days ago when you thought you were financially secure enough to do so.  Sometimes, life happens.
If it was more of "Yeah, I've got $2k in the bank, I'm gonna sink it all into Bitcoin and leave myself no safety net!", *then* he's a gigantic moron.
@_date: 2017-07-19 16:06:02
Keep in mind that this is the same man who claimed he could decrypt the iphone used by the San Bernadino shooters, then claimed he could read encrypted Whatsapp messages.  He later admitted to both incidents being publicity stunts.
And that doesn't even take into consideration the rest of the batshit crazy things this guy has done over the years.
The man is crazy and has no experience to make any kind of predictions on Bitcoin, and any statements he makes on the subject should be dismissed accordingly.
