@_author: nightcorero
@_date: 2018-11-19 23:33:31
no, you are not FORCED to trade with fake money, is just very convenient using them instead of other trade. You can't create your own fiat money and use them in the current fiat money.  Value is in it's limit availability and usage for trade. Let a country print as much shit as they want and you will see it has no value (germany tried to pay war debt with creating more money themselves, worked until people realised what germany they and thus it had no value after). So yeah, is not like we value the paper the dollars are made from, is the usage of those paper or numbers
Everything is fiat money  , in other words. Imagine if bitcoin appeared by somebody inputing the number 1.000.000 and ,there you have it, 1.000.000 bitcoins. Value? 0. But making bitcoin being earned by using electricity and computer components??? that's another thing. Electricity and computer components were made bcs somebody was paid fiat money ,thus Bitcoin was made and got value using fiat money indirectly. If all miners wouldve manage to mine it with their own made electricity using nature and their own components using just nature, then yes , no fiat money was used to get the bitcoin. But again, all those people using bitcoin wouldve value it with taking in mind how much effort they put into mining it and thus saying" hmmm, i worked 200 hours to make the prepaprtions to mine it, thus I want something from another bitcoin owner which reflects this". But again, internet is made from fiat money
bitcoin would become the new fiat money if suddenly all fiat money disappear. BITCOIN NEEDS FIAT MONEY TO EXIST, in order to have the value it has, otherwise is just another regular fiat money. Bitcoin is dependent to fiat money,otherwise people will start to regulate the bitcoin EXACTLY like money is now, bcs that's how things are. People with a lot of bitcoins will gather themselves and start plotting how to be above average people and thus, boom, you have the bitcoin banksters
@_date: 2018-11-19 22:58:07
doesn't matter WHAT YOU OR ME  believe, is about what you can do with it. If you use it for fiat money and you use that  fiat money to buy real stuff in the real world that you could use, then no, you did not exchange "REAL" money for "FAKE" money, you ultimately exchanged it with something else.
If my leg hair would be valued world wide, it would be fiat money. That means i can use my fiat money to "de-fiat it" by getting something else for it. So it doesn't matter what u  believe about your bitcoin, is about what you can do with it. 
@_date: 2018-11-20 23:41:35
you are a delusional weirdo who I can't even place a name for
@_date: 2018-11-20 23:43:24
i guess  he works in dark web or something if he can pay electricity , bus , gas and whatever he wishes with bitcoin without using fiat money . He doesn't realise if he pays online shopping with bitcoin, that company can use that bitcoin for fiat money value. He thinks if you have bitcoin, fiat money is useless . He doesn't realise along the line that bitcoin will be transformed in fiat money
@_date: 2018-11-20 23:46:13
problem is not living in debt, problem is if you can manage it properly, then where is the problem.  I would love to live my life in millions of debt as long as I manage it with no problems 
@_date: 2018-11-19 23:06:02
Fake money =/= useless. That my point. 100$ fake money worth more than my apple in hand bcs i can use fake money to get much more apples from someone else(not my tree though). I can get 100 apples with my fake money which is much more valuable to me than my 1 apple  in hand. As long as someone is willing to trade for fake money, it has value
@_date: 2018-11-19 22:40:29
fiat money is that 100k $ money somebody can get cashing out their bitcoin(example)
fiat money is not the product you have wtih those 100k$. Why would be fiat money a product you can use it?is like buying a pair of headphones with bitcoin and saying headphones are fiat money