@_author: nihilozero
@_date: 2018-09-21 10:29:13


The top stickied post in this sub suggests otherwise.
* 
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:09:05


I'll take up this argument.  Proudhon, who was a French libertarian socialist contemporary of Marx and Bakunin, and the person who first used the term "anarchism" in a positive political sense, arguably had some beliefs that are very much in alignment with modern American Libertarians.  He was very much against a large centralized government and government regulation.  But, as I recall, he wasn't particularly against individual wealth.  He may have opposed wealth accrued through unjust governmental action, but I don't think he was opposed to individuals attaining great wealth.  It's possible that I'm not remembering some of his finer points particularly well, but I believe my summary is accurate.  
The main difference I see between Proudhon and modern American Libertarians is that he would put more focus upon community action.  He, like the anarchist Peter Kropotkin, would have been very much in favor of trade unions/guilds and those organizations working together to provide social programs to keep society from falling apart.  Modern American Libertarians, while not necessarily opposed to those ideas overtly, don't have much to say about them and seem to act more as if every man is an island, every home is a castle, and every owned piece of land a kingdom.  On the other hand, there is nothing to prevent modern American Libertarians from organizing to create the sort of social programs pushed by the old left libertarians and socialists. 
There is certainly a thread of commonality between left libertarians and modern Libertarians when it comes to being critical of large centralized governments.  
@_date: 2018-09-21 10:24:56
Disappointed that no one is really addressing the claim in a serious manner.  
@_date: 2014-02-10 19:43:59
Why did you have to ruin your OP?  The fact of the matter is that banks *have* shut their doors in the past and disallowed withdrawals.  This has happened with U.S. dollar and other currencies as well.  
@_date: 2013-05-14 23:38:15
Why would anyone doubt that this could be "a shut-down event for mtgox?"  At the very least they are going to incur costs and have to work harder to secure their transactions and holdings in the future.  Even the best possible outcome for them doesn't seem that great.  And why would this work to make the BTC more stable or become more popular amongst the general public?  
@_date: 2013-05-14 23:40:32


I believe that was a quote from Captain Hindsight, if I am not mistaken.
@_date: 2013-12-28 14:12:19
Noob on the subject.  Can you explain why this would be problematic.  Is the idea that a malicious entity could somehow buy 51% with the idea of crashing the currency?  If so... why would they do this and how would it work?
@_date: 2013-05-14 23:33:44
Wait a minute.  So... the federal government, the DHS, seems to be cracking down on a major BTC trader which greatly facilitates BTC sales and transfer.  At least this one major hub will probably be discouraged from trading BTC in the future or, at least, suffer increased costs to process transfers.  How will this stabilize the currency or work to encourage the general public to use more Bitcoins?  Seems to me that this will make the currency at least *seem* more dangerous and will, consequently, work against making it more popular.  And that doesn't bode well for its value.  Does it?  
What am I missing here?  How am I wrong?  Are these not valid concerns?     