@_author: niklast
@_date: 2017-12-06 17:07:01
So you want better scaling for bitcoin, but you don't want the kind of bitcoin, that already has better scaling. For whatever reason.
What do you think will happen if there is a network update for bitcoin's scalability? It will most likely end with another hard fork, unless most of the mining power agrees with the idea.
@_date: 2018-04-24 19:58:50
The hard fork of bitcoin didn't happen because the majority of miners didn't agree. It happened because changing the protocol (changing the blocksize) has to happen in a hard fork. Bitcoin Cash wasn't the first hard fork and other hard forks happened afterwards. This is a big difference to a soft fork where the miners can vote, if they want to implement the changes.
Bitcoin Cash tries to manage more transactions with bigger 8MB blocks in the blockchain and Bitcoin uses 1MB blocks. Bitcoin also develops the Lightning Network, which does not use the blockchain, to handle more transactions.
Imo the Lightning Network is no real alternative because it sends the transactions through a lightning node, that is hosted by a specific person. This is a weak point which could be used for attacks on the Network. It is hardly possible to hack transactions in the blockchain with decentralized mining.
@_date: 2018-04-25 05:49:17
What do you mean with original code?  The code has been changed many times and SegWit changed it too.
Segwit did not reduce any fees! It changed the way transactions are saved and allowed more transactions to be saved in one block.  This might have helped, but the fees went down because there were less transactions in bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-24 20:16:32
A hard fork copies the blockchain and creates a different currency (this doubles the coins), after that both blockchains/currencies coexist. The community tried to implement bigger blocks in Bitcoin without a hard fork, but they didn't get enough votes. Thats why Bitcoin Cash hard forked from Bitcoin to use a bigger blocksize of 8MB instead of 1MB in Bitcoin. This allows more transactions to be saved in a single block. 
When Bitcoin had its highest price the 1MB blocks were always full and it took hours or days to complete a transaction. Imo this shows that the bigger blocksize was definitly needed, but sadly wasn't implemented in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-25 05:40:20
If you held 1 btc before the Bitcoin Cash hard fork, you would have had 1 Bitcoin and 1 Bitcoin Cash afterwards. For me thats 2 times more...