@_author: nikuw
@_date: 2017-12-07 07:09:25
My payout was scheduled for 12/7. My first since August.
@_date: 2018-04-27 20:11:35
I don't pretend that BCH is the original Bitcoin because the original Bitcoin died a long time ago. It died when nobody could decide between the 2nd layer and larger blocks, when in fact we need both. 
BCH's chain might get to an extremely large size without something like SegWit to compact the blocks.  
BTC's chain is barely usable right now, and it might become usable again when people adopt SegWit. Because it was a softfork people don't have to adopt it though - which is why I say that a hardfork is better, as it forces everyone to adopt the upgrade.
I use BCH not because of any ideological reasons, but simply because it *works* here and now. This might change in the future, which is why I still hold more BTC than BCH.
Your video compression example is what I'd use to describe SegWit - the data is (mostly) intact but it consumes much less space. A SegWit enabled block might contain 2MB of transaction data while being 800KB in size, for example. The block size cap is still 1 MB, however the effective capacity is now bigger.
@_date: 2018-04-27 18:25:07
You must not know much about Bitcoin.
Bitcoin (BTC) has had lots of additions made to circumvent the 1MB blocksize limit, like SegWit. The Core team wants to keep the blockchain as small as possible, which requires drastic changes of the code. However, the additions are *optional*, which means that you *can* send a good old on-chain Bitcoin transaction if you desire - this doesn't mean you *should*, though. This is a softfork - it follows the same chain as before. When BTC upgrades you don't have to do anything in order to use the basic features.
Bitcoin Cash has increased the block size (as Core should have done back in 2015 to avoid the mess that is BCH) and readded features removed by Core or that were made impractical by the Bitcoin network being overloaded (like 0-conf). It's basically the 2013 version of Bitcoin. However, they *force* everyone to support the new features, like most other coins. Hardforks are *normal*, and they were the standard type of upgrades for the Bitcoin network back in the day. A hardfork changes the consensus rules, which means that the blockchain is forked and (hopefully) everyone switches to the new one.
None of the coins really follow the "original" chain. BTC has had many hardforks (upgrades changing consensus rules) in its early days, way before Blockstream and the current Core team. BCH is also obviously a hard fork. However, BCH is trying to be the "original" Bitcoin, for better or for worse.
And in case you think I'm a butthurt BCH fanboy - my holdings are 75% BTC - 25% BCH. I don't want either to fail, as they are both valid approaches to the scaling problem. If you'd like I could discuss my beliefs with you further.
@_date: 2018-04-27 19:44:50
I'm not calling the coin "Core". I'm talking about the Bitcoin Core wallet/reference implementation, developed by the Bitcoin Core developers. The coin is called Bitcoin (BTC). Again, stop behaving like I'm a radical BCH troll.
Segwit isn't a blocksize increase. It reduces the block's effective size, but it's not a real blocksize increase. It's like using compression instead of just using a larger storage drive.
And again, BTC hard forked many, many times. This was the *standard* method for upgrading before Blockstream existed.
@_date: 2018-04-27 18:39:14
It works fine because Core chose to use softforks rather than hardforks. You'll only be able to use BTC's basic features, which in the modern times of extremely high fees and/or long waiting times isn't very usable.
BTC needs a blocksize increase, even if only to 2MB. Where do you think is the Lightning Network's data stored? Even without taking that into consideration, with BTC's use increasing all the time and the LN's slow adoption, we need a blocksize increase *right now*. Or more like *eighteen months ago*.
@_date: 2018-04-27 06:44:05
It is closer to the original Bitcoin codebase than Core's Bitcoin.
It literally is the old pre-Segwit code with an increased blocksize cap and other mostly minor upgrades.
This whole Bitcoin (BCH) thing is wrong. Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin Cash. Don't try to label me as a scammer.
@_date: 2018-04-27 04:31:33
Because it proves that Core and Blockstream are wrong. You might want to check the *other* Bitcoin sub for a better answer. 
@_date: 2018-04-27 08:08:05
Because the chains split, and by definition hard forks make old software incompatible, while soft forks enable old software to work with reduced functionality. Because BTC soft forked (the software changed but still followed the same chain) older software can follow the new chain, just without new features like SW.
@_date: 2018-04-27 20:00:27
They're not usable on the BTC chain, because they depend on the network working correctly and the transaction being accepted into the next block without getting stuck in the mempool. While the BTC network isn't overloaded often, it does happen relatively often.
@_date: 2018-04-28 06:50:32
Because SegWit and the LN wouldn't be as necessary.
@_date: 2018-04-27 20:22:06
If it stays in the mempool it might not make it into any block.
If you made a 0-conf transaction with a low fee in Blockstream's ideal fee market where blocks are always full then it might not ever be accepted. The funds will be returned to your wallet after 2 weeks. This makes accepting 0-conf BTC transactions very risky.
And about the LN: it's not Bitcoin. Any coin can use it. I wouldn't call the LN's advantages Bitcoin's advantages. Though it is very promising.