@_author: nimrods
@_date: 2012-06-29 12:09:59


Demurrage currency imposes a cost on hoarding. If I wanted to "hoard" my inclination would be to buy/trade things that do not decay. A nice wood chair vs say a bunch of rotting apples. Purchasing chairs would be in your best interest.. they also decay but at a much slower rate. As a matter of fact NOTHING in the natural world is excluded from decay. There is no *perpetual motion engine* or a way that 1 billion chairs rotting away (slowly) in storage can *produce* value. I'm sure no one will ever go into their chair storage area and suddenly find 10 more chairs there! Also, the storage spot would probably cost money! So the person in this instance would pay a cost for hoarding his chairs, but convert that to money/currency and he is REWARDED for holding that much money. Suddenly chairs are coming outta his ears because of a construct WE have created.
And I'm not against saving.. I'm against hoarding. Hoarding is pathological. I like the idea of having a currency that deals with the problem of hoarders/misers, even if I have no clue about this Demurrage currency having the ability to solve that problem. Do you agree at least that hoarding is a problem and it would be nice to have a system that deals with it? Not attacking.. just being devils advocate. 
@_date: 2013-05-21 15:38:47
Are you talking about an [escrow]( account? I'm not sure that addresses the issue above, the problem of trust above is with the technology itself. Tech savvy people can trust bitcoin because they trust their tech knowledge, but for people who do not trust their tech knowledge - there will be no reason to trust bitcoin.
I had thought of something like this, but not related to escrow account. Just in relation to ones wallet. If my wallet is somehow shared with all my friends (or bank, or whatever) and they have some type of copy of my wallet that only the two of us can unlock - then they can be someone who has a backup of my wallet. I do not have to worry about losing my wallet file. Please note - from my thinking the most untrustworthy part of bitcoin is the need to have a lot of copies of your wallet since once lost - your coins are lost. Solving the 'lost wallet' situation would increase trust in bitcoin and this is sort of a default backup of your wallet - with trusted people.
@_date: 2013-05-21 15:47:39
Are you talking escrow accounts? I do not think that solves the problem. That just means that two keys are needed to release the funds. It actually increases your chance of never accessing the funds since you just doubled your chances of lost keys. If either person loses their keys, neither person can access the bitcoins. The problem here is a way to solve the lost wallet file problem. Escrow does not solve this problem. It would only solve the problem if only ONE person is needed to access the wallet file.