@_author: ninekeysdown
@_date: 2014-04-15 16:51:25
lol, I didn't mean you personally :) 
@_date: 2014-04-15 16:01:15
It's good but you still might need windows for some things. I keep malwarebytes on my VMs that I need to use. 
@_date: 2016-01-11 13:48:08
Not that I can think of. They weren't doing business as cryptsy and were kinda hush hush about it. It kinda reminded me how adult content providers operate. IIRC they were using Project Investors inc/llc or something like that. I'd have to look up the emails to know. I was kinda bummed when they didn't call me back, I followed up with them a few times. I saw potential there and thought I could make a difference. Looking at the way things are now I'm happy they never returned my calls or made an offer. LOL
@_date: 2016-01-11 02:57:26
I had a job interview for them when they first set up shop. I got a tour of the place and everything. I remembered thinking these guys don't really seem like they have it together but I hope they do well. The "test" they gave me was a lot of really odd and obscure linux terms, no real sysadmin questions. Almost like they didn't know how to interview for admins/engineers. They were also really cagey with details about their systems and infrastructure. So I haven't been too surprised at how they managed to progress over the years.  
@_date: 2016-01-11 05:16:00
They had a locked room with keypad. Said they were going to upgrade to biometrics soon. Said it was where everyone doing FIAT would sit and only the people handling that aspect would be allowed in. On the other side of that was another locked room where they said their mining rigs were located. I never got a chance to see them though. I wish I had a chance to ask them more questions about mining. They made it sound like an interesting hobby and nothing more. The office wasn't big enough nor did it have anything needed to do any kind of mining on the scale they talk about on the website. So I can only speculate on what they were doing with all of that. 
@_date: 2016-01-11 04:25:37
Yea it was pretty odd. Not the oddest I've encountered but it was up there.
[A colo is a co-location site.]( Basicly a data center that you rent rack space to put your servers in. They had only development servers on site. Everything else was housed there.
@_date: 2016-01-11 03:43:17
I was going though a lot at that time and just didn't think to blow the whistle on them. Plus I've been on plenty of interviews where they didn't have their shit together and didn't really know how to interview for a systems admin/engineer. Most of the time they just fail within the first year. When they were still going after a year I hopped they had their shit together. Evidently they did not. There were pretty shocked when I guessed the name of their colo in Miami too. Not like there's many of them down here. lol
During the interview I asked them about why they thought there there was so much negative comments on reddit. They just deflected it with something along the lines of we're a new startup and just don't have the manpower to please everyone. Then they showed me a huge dark empty room with two guys sitting in front of iMacs. They said they were answering questions and helping customers. Then showed me that their ticket queue was almost empty. I was then told that by the end of the month they would have the office full of staff and the main reason it was so empty is because the just moved in from a tiny office. 
@_date: 2013-05-11 00:16:59
WTF