@_author: ninestep
@_date: 2012-05-21 03:19:23
I'll give you few directions and a couple of warning signs. 
What am I alluding to?  Modern day Interpretations (sp?) of Sharia Law forbids any form of  sexual information, pamphets, pornography, sexual aids, devices, including strict rules of  PDA (public display of affection ie holding hands, walking together, or even in too close distance with the opposite sex unless you have marriage documents) , or too much exposure of skin.
In some more progressively rare situations (descreetly of course and under extreme forms of monitoring) is sexual information or sexual aids allowed to "married couples"  
The more strict the country the more unable to reach these resources.  There is a woman who has been called the modern day "arabic Dr Ruth".  She is a medical doctor who gives "good" information but has to repeatedly address that her information is medically sound and follows the edicts of Islamic law.
Demand for sex toys is extremely high.  How high is it you ask? 
that in most rumor mills that sex toys are being made after dark in extremel secret in the country in some places so to avoid having to deal with customs.  which require discreet shipping. 
That there is one known official seller (verifiable via searches via Arabic New papers in Qatar or the UAE) who has to verify that she is shipping to a couple and she CONSTANTLY gets harassed by the postal service. 
It has its own group of scammers on facebook (since fb is one of the few consistantly unfilitered or semi filtered websites that they can all access)  who take credit card information and information but never show up with the product. 
So any vendor who more then likely is worth there weight in salt and can promise a 90 to 100 percent delivery rate will more then likely be the  vendor in all of the G.C.C.  
where to advertise? fb, twitter, and any other social networking site that has a crowd from your favorite or most researched city (more then likely your research wil require people who like to have there feet wet on the ground with a gift of gab, networking skill and a shit load of patience. ) 
Danger Danger Danger.. 
No "dildo found in bread loaf"
No "strapon found in Kuwaiti Customs person arrested" 
   
@_date: 2012-05-20 18:50:14
too bad you dont have discreet shipping or you'd make a killing to middle eastern "couples" in places like the uae, qatar or bahrain.
