@_author: niniy0
@_date: 2014-08-04 07:06:50
What is Bitcoin?
Bitcoin is online cash.  Unlike traditional cash which must be passed around physically in the form of notes and coins, bitcoin is purely digital and is passed around by users over the internet between their “digital wallets”.  A digital wallet is simply an application running on a smartphone, laptop, tablet or other internet-connected device, which behaves like a wallet by storing bitcoins and allowing the user to send and receive bitcoins to other users.
Bitcoins themselves are a new form of digital content.  Most people who have used the internet will already understand that digital files can be copied and shared (eg. pictures, music, videos).  This ability to make new copies of files means that we could never use files as currency since there is no true scarcity to anything digital.  The major breakthrough behind bitcoin is that it has done what was previously thought to be impossible, by creating digital “coins” which, like files, can be sent directly from person to person, but unlike ordinary files, they cannot be duplicated.  The act of sending a bitcoin to someone else means that the sender no longer possesses it.  Like passing a physical coin, it leaves your wallet and enters the wallet of the new owner.  In this sense, bitcoin is the invention of truly scarce digital property.  This scarcity allows bitcoin to function as a currency, as well as holding promise for many other innovative applications.
Just like physical property, bitcoins can be lost, misplaced, or stolen.  However, properly secured bitcoins are, theoretically, impossible to steal, and a properly backed up bitcoin wallet will be protected from accidental loss.
The combination of being scarce, freely globally tradeable, secure, and impossible to counterfeit, make bitcoins highly valued.
The bitcoin system has been designed to have a limited supply of 21 million bitcoins.  However, individual bitcoins are divisible into tiny pieces, even millionths of a coin can be transferred, so there is more than enough bitcoin to function as a full scale currency.  Users are not restricted to trading whole bitcoins at a time.