@_author: ninjacrypto2
@_date: 2019-01-01 21:07:57


What position? I have searched high and low and can't find more than the most minimal involvement in the BTC ecosystem: he has a "blockchain solutions" company that employs a single Bitcoin developer-- there were a few more in the past but they quit.
As far as I can tell he has never contributed to the Bitcoin Core codebase and he has never contributed to a BIP. He has made a dozen mailing lists posts but they all appear to be crazy ideas which were debunked or not yet implemented.
He clearly loves Bitcoin but that is true of a lot of people. His work a decade before on hashcash was cited in the Bitcoin whitepaper... but in terms of position in the BTC ecosystem he seems to be pretty much a nobody that people give attention to for no particular reason.
I don't care what he thinks about this and you shouldn't either.
@_date: 2019-01-01 22:52:50


That is great but I don't see how it is relevant.  We do not care what the inventor of SHA256 (the actual proof of work function) thinks. We do not care what the inventor of C++ (language Bitcoin is written in) thinks. We do not care what the inventor of leveldb (database in Bitcoin) thinks. We do not care what the inventor of TCP (network protocol Bitcoin uses) thinks. ... at least not more than any other random person.


They don't appear to have any products that are widely used yet, so where is this influence?


As far as I can tell they only employ one: Peter Wuille.  The other bitcoin core devs at Back's company appear to have quit.
Besides, MIT employed two BTC core devs but again we do not care any more about the President of MIT thinks than any other random uni president.
@_date: 2019-01-02 02:13:17
\&gt; Liquid and a BTC satellite
So two systems with a couple dozen users each.  You have said absolutely nothing to support your claim of most influential.
\&gt; including funding by a group tied to Bilderberg Group.
And now the truth comes out. You don't actually think that Adam Back's thoughts are relevant, you think they're just an easy avenue to smear Bitcoin with rbtc nonsense.
As far as I can tell the claim about bilderberg is just a nonsense attempt by Roger Ver to appeal to rich-jew-haters.