@_author: ninjan-swe
@_date: 2018-01-21 21:22:55
There's really only two ways to go for something as volatile as crypto. Either forget about them and get either a lot or nothing when you come back to it. Or check up on it minimum daily so you can cash out if it starts free-falling towards death. If you check weekly a crash can force you to hold a lot longer than you intended and you'll probably miss the ATH you wanted to exit on. If your intention is to hold long term anyway then checking daily is pretty pointless as well. 
@_date: 2019-12-23 16:11:48
What country? Sweden is looking into going another way to essentially tackle the same problem. Here we're looking at creating a digital equivalent to cash. Most likely using blockchain technology. Core requirements are offline transfers between two parties should be possible, freely transferable to cash and should be considered the same as cash for all intents and purposes. It's still in the exploratory phase but the government is at least on top of the problem a cash "free" society has regarding vulnerability to electrical outages and disruption to Internet access.
@_date: 2019-12-24 08:52:26
Of course not. But negative interest rate only impacts money in a bank account. The digital money study the government is doing is not for banks. We're talking about either hardware and/or software to store digital currency at home, without bank involvement. So you won't get any interest at all on your money, just like cash. And it's your responsibility to keep them safe, just like cash.
@_date: 2019-12-23 21:35:59
But negative interest rates wouldn't impact digital currency in the form discussed in Sweden, we're talking about personal storage of wealth here, as in my copy of digital currency is mine and uniquely mine, they of course exist on a ledger, like physical cash does thanks to its serial number, but it wouldn't be dependent on a connection to any bank to function as a currency. Part of the problem it's aimed to solve is the extreme dependence on banks today, it's not good for a country when a group of private companies, however well regulated, has that kind of power over the people/economy/country. 
The whole thinking about this was sparked by the 2008 financial crisis, Swedish banks aren't very large players if we look at the broader international market. There is always the risk that another crisis causes more banks to topple, international banks move in and take over the Swedish market and suddenly its not even Swedish companies with that kind of stranglehold. With the situation today where less than 10% of the population has used cash for their last transaction, down from over 60% less than a decade ago, something as small as a service disruption that lasts for a few hours could have absolutely massive consequences, the whole country grinds to a halt if you can't pay or be paid. 
Hell there are even information campaigns, by the government, that everyone should have a certain amount of cash at home because the vulnerability today, the risk if something happens, is just too high.
@_date: 2019-04-26 16:08:08
Medical/military retirement perhaps?
@_date: 2018-03-13 08:42:30
If he paid the electricity with fiat instead he would have gotten the bitcoin gains. There needs to be an investment done from the selling of bitcoin for both to win. I.e. he sold them to buy more ASICs/GPUs (for alt mining and selling for BTC)
@_date: 2018-02-27 15:41:01
PoS doesn't have to be weighted by amount. It can be a mix of transactions, longevity, stability, geographic location etc etc. A proper PoS algorithm is unfeasible to take control of simply due to you having to buy control of so many nodes that it stops being in your interest to alter it (and risk the value of the asset you take control off). 