@_author: ninveh12
@_date: 2014-03-27 12:46:56
Not tax free, but much better treatment under gain/loss tax calculations and not under *capital* gain tax. The bitcoin ecosystem will benefit alot from such a change - tax management-wise and credibility-wise.
@_date: 2014-03-27 18:21:34
Dual currency systems, although rare, do exist: Andorra up to 15 years ago, and Liberia for many years - including the present. Liberia has a Liberian Dollar, and the US Dollar is also a legal tender in the country. 
Being very poor country with a low cost of living, coupled with the USD as a legal tender, attracted many US retirees to live in that country in the past, doing quite alright with their pitiful Social Security checks.
Note that although Andorra use the Euro, they are not part of the EU and they are not allowed to mint Euro (they were allowed to mint Euro coins only a few months ago, but there are some delays...). 
Consider this a "flag of convenience" as the shipping industry does with Panamenian and Liberian flags. The funny thing is, according to Wikipedia, that the US sea merchants started to use Panama as "Flag of Convenience" in the 1920's due to "increased US regulations" on the shipping industry...
@_date: 2014-03-27 00:19:28
Question to the OP: foreign currency can also be taxed as a capital gain (see ref below). Therefore, I gather that your opinion that bitcoins are *not* considered f.c. by the IRS is not due to the taxing method imposed upon them but due to some declaration by the authorities - i.e. bc are commodity - not foreign currency. Is this the case?
(from Jacobs and Duke, CPA / J.D., LLM)
"The general rule with regard to the U.S. tax treatment of gains or losses from exchanging U.S. currency for non U.S. currency (and back) is that the gain or loss on the currency exchange will now be taxed the same as the underlying transaction. The Taxpayer's Relief Act of 1997 included a provision [Act Section 1104(a)] that included some changes, which are included in the following explanation.
Where there are currency gains or losses in connection with a trade or business or with the management or administration of investment assets, the gain is treated as an ordinary gain (rather than as a capital gain) and any loss is generally treated as an expense.
Where currency gains or losses are incurred in connection with the purchase of an investment, the gain or loss on the currency change on realization (usually from selling) is a capital gain or loss and is included as part of the total capital gain or loss on the investment. 
Currency gains of $200 or less that arise from personal transactions (not for investment or business) are not taxable, but any personal currency losses are not deductible. A personal transaction includes any gain or loss arising from travel even if the travel is business related. Any currency gains in excess of $200 per transaction (per trip or per purchase) are treated as a capital gain. Losses on currency exchanges for business travel also appear to be non-deductible.
The primary source of information on the tax treatment of currency gains or losses is IRC Section 988. "
@_date: 2014-03-27 18:49:34
Andorra can boost its economy by having very convenient bitcoin regulations (taxing, that is) on exchange operations and even marketable securities nominated in BTC.
Note that Andorra has one of the most convenient tax laws and structure in Europe, and is light years ahead of the US with its attitude.
@_date: 2014-03-28 11:36:11
Well, Nina Olson, The Taxpayer Advocate, is the one to talk to. She is good, and did change some IRS rulings based on private citizens comments.
EDIT: and now I see that she was the one who prodded the IRS to issue a guidance on cryptocurrencies taxation. Now is the time to indicate to her the attenable position that this ruling has caused.
"The ruling comes fewer than three months after National Taxpayer Advocate Nina Olson said the IRS should issue guidance to taxpayers on digital currency transactions.
“It is the government’s responsibility to inform the public about the rules they are required to follow,” Olson, who runs an independent office within IRS, wrote in her annual report to Congress in January. “The lack of clear answers to basic questions such as when and how taxpayers should report gains and losses on digital currency transactions probably encourages tax avoidance.” 
@_date: 2014-03-27 08:05:12
US and Eritrea are the only countries in the world who tax their citizens based on citizenship, not location. Not only you are not off the hook, you must file and declare on additional forms.
See 
