@_author: nioe93
@_date: 2012-11-20 12:37:48
All currencies are money, but not all money is currency is the point that the article is clearly trying to make. Put the pitchforks and irrelevant ad-hominems away. 
@_date: 2013-06-20 18:22:25
I never claimed the problem is that people are putting words in his mouth, the problem is that they're making claims he would support things which would be in direct conflict with his recorded beliefs. Morgan was opposed to fiat money, bitcoin is effectively fiat money with limited supply. There is no contradiction in my previous post.
In the end it doesn't matter what he would have thought of bitcoin sure, but since it was brought up it seemed a good time to look at the wider issue of whether bitcoin is the heir to the goldbug ideology through applying Morgan's beliefs. It's a complete waste of time sure, but that's what reddit's for isn't it?
@_date: 2013-05-27 23:31:02
No, I meant that it doesn't show any kind of causal mechanism. Why can't the rising prices of those commodities represent changing market fundamentals? The economy is growing and more factories uses more electricity, likewise standards of living are rising and that too requires more electricity (and food). 
@_date: 2013-05-27 01:28:07
When the liquidity trap ends regular monetary policy will gain traction, the need for fiscal stimulus will evaporate and economic growth will increase tax revenues. All off which are being taken into account by central bankers. You have to recognize that different material conditions call for different actions and fear of different things. Unemployment is a far more significant problem than inflation right now.
During a boom no one is saying "The problem is that the boom could end next month or next week. People might get worried about over production, stop investing and hold onto their money. There is no long term safety in calling the current situation a boom. A recession often comes right after a boom" and therefore we should take action against unemployment now. That would obviously be ridiculous.
@_date: 2013-05-27 16:04:38
Inflationary-deflationary cycles are unpredictable and inherently make long term contracts inefficient. They are also a fact of life with hard money (see: most of history). A reasonably trustworthy CB with an interest rate target is infinitely more predictable (obviously not completely so). Combined with the proven benefits of modest inflation (no more stick wages problem!) and harmful effects of deflation (lowered consumption and investment) it should be clear which is preferable.
In analyzing an economy we must look at only aggregates. The economy exists before any individual agent enters it, that agent's preferences and values attached to things are shaped by it and constantly changed by it. It makes absolutely no sense to base any analysis of the economy on an individual in isolation as you wish to do. [Bukharin showed that in 1927]( (tl;dr austrian attempts to explain prices starting with marginal utility ultimately fail because every actor takes prices as given in those derivations). Your imbalances argument also requires that investors are completely unaware that money is cheap because of loose policy rather than naturally. Obviously CEOs will be taking that into account when making use of the cheap money to expand.
I think you've misunderstood the balance sheet character of this recession. The reason inflation will boost economic growth is because it improves the balance sheets of debtors, allowing the liquidity trap to resolve itself more quickly. It matters not at all what type of inflation causes this, but price inflation could open a whole new set of problems.


I feel a bit like a broken record, but here we go again: inflation will only rise when the liquidity trap has ended at which point growth will raise tax receipts and lower transfer payments and inflation will further erode away the value of government debt. Your analysis is first order and shallow, you must consider all of the things that change in the economy not just focus on inflation to the detriment of other issues (like unemployment).


Japan has experiencing slow growth for decades, I'd love to hear your model for why that's happening if it's imbalances. And I can't wait to see the results of Abenomics, but I expect very few inflationistas to come around. It's not an evidence based position to begin with.
@_date: 2013-06-20 23:15:12
I'm not playing Morgan's advocate though, I'm arguing that Morgan would not have been a supporter of bitcoins and therefore attempting to use his name to add legitimacy to them is ridiculous. That is all. The circlejerk is in pretending that bitcoin is any closer to Morgan's idea of money than fiat currency. Bitcoins are fiat with limited supply.
I have no idea where you've gotten the idea that I argued a physical asset is a better investment decision than a non-physical asset. I've never made any comment on investing practices at all. What I have said is that bitcoins would have appeared to Morgan as just another fiat currency. You're looking for an argument that just isn't here.
On fiat vs. bitcoin: Bitcoin is deflationary just like gold which has disastrous effects on the economy and would cause transfers of wealth from borrowers to lenders (i.e. on aggregate from poor to rich). Gold's deflationary characteristics led farmers to fight against "crucifixion on a cross of gold" in Morgan's time and I think it's crazy how hard money advocates choose to overlook their suffering (and deflation's other harmful effects: See Japan in the 90s). Also often overlooked are the benefits (and lack of harm caused by) moderate and stable inflation as a result of sticky wages. If you want efficient markets then moderate and stable inflation is a necessity. The ability for governments to respond to recessions is also a necessity so how would a country with bitcoin as their currency do that? Throughout the last century monetary policy has been invaluable and to force governments to rely purely on fiscal policy is dangerous. Don't reply to that with some liquidationist nonsense about the necessity of doing nothing during recessions because that fallacy should have been put to bed long ago (and in most policy circles was, closer to Morgan's time than ours).
@_date: 2013-06-03 16:23:45
We're getting into no true Scotsman territory here. Show me the Austrians who were right about Japan and now the West.
@_date: 2013-03-21 17:58:09
Which side of the argument is looking more like a religion when one comes with empirical studies and the other comes with "maybe one day it won't be true"?
@_date: 2013-03-21 20:46:25
Your conclusions depend on properly functioning perfectly competitive markets to be true. I disagree that this is a correct characterization of the world we live in. Our economy needs to be regulated we have clearly demonstrated the effectiveness of that regulation in the way we have reduced the distance between trough and peak over the past century.
Your historical arguments are simply incorrect. The Great Depression happened during and was made worse by the gold standard and there were countless other monetary crises throughout America's history that became deflationary (which I believe I have established has negative effects) because there was no central bank to respond. Who hurts most during economic crises? Those at the bottom of the totem poll, exactly the people you claim to be most concerned about. 
It's just not true that fiat currency retards economic growth.
@_date: 2013-06-20 15:36:55
Gold has value beyond its use as a means of exchange, bitcoins do not. Bitcoins would be no different to fiat money in J.P. Morgan's eyes.
This is just circlejerking.
**Edit:** Will people please stop replying to me with the intention of proving that gold shouldn't be used as currency, that's not at all the point that I'm making. The point is that bitcoins and gold are different in a meaningful way for a Goldbug like J.P. Morgan and that he most likely would not have been a fan of bitcoin because they are pretty much fiat money with limited supply.
@_date: 2013-06-03 21:25:34
Again with the unfounded assertions! I've given plenty of examples all you seem to be able to do is assert that I'm wrong.
I've consistently argued that the Austrian model is not helpful in short term policy analysis, explain why I'm wrong.
@_date: 2013-03-21 21:57:14
Do you have any sources for your claim that the federal reserve did what it did to allow banks to be bought on the cheap? I would suggest it was a result of the classical school of economic thought that was popular during the time which holds that the money supply has no effect on real GDP. They raised reserve requirements to prevent more banks from going under and in doing so indirectly shrank the money supply. 
"Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity."
I can't find a good graph of historical real GDP growth rates I'm afraid. I will just say that it is important to remember that the important statistic is growth rate, not absolute values so graphs of real GDP vs. time can be misleading. The same absolute change is a smaller percentage change now than it was in the past.
@_date: 2013-03-29 23:12:56
This is completely untrue. The UK protects savings up to £85,000 per saver, per authorized institution and the US even more. Any attempt to override those protections in a crisis would destroy the banking system and send the world into another Great Depression and governments know that. Notice that even the Cypriots backed off their attempt to take deposits covered by deposit insurance and they face a much more serious crisis than either the UK or US is likely to.
But why let the facts get in the way of a good scare/attempt to push the price up further? They're coming for our money! Buy bitcoins now or you'll have nothing come tomorrow!
@_date: 2013-05-27 23:45:43
I'm pretty sure that those articles are saying that the credit system will collapse if peak oil means energy prices continue rising. I don't see your argument in there, could you explain it?
@_date: 2013-06-20 20:48:03
So now we have that the difference is $1,000,000 - ($97,000+expenses) right? I ran it through my calculator and that seems to check out, but I'm not really sure what point you're trying to make with it. Gold is a physical asset with use and exchange values, bitcoins are 1s and 0s with only exchange value. At the risk of sounding like a broken record, that is a meaningful difference to someone with views like Morgan's and so using his name to add legitimacy to bitcoins is ridiculous. I haven't commented on whether holding gold is a good investment decision and I certainly haven't suggested that we should be using it as currency.
It's pretty clear you misunderstood the point about taxation creating a demand for fiat currencies. The point is that unless taxes can be paid in a currency other than the official fiat currency there is always going to be a demand for that fiat currency because nothing is certain but death and taxes. Assuming that in the long term (during liquidity traps excepted) the supply of that fiat currency grows in line with the amount of trade done with it you will have a stable price in normal conditions. This is completely different from bitcoin transaction fees because those fees are not a necessity unless you already demand bitcoins, i.e. there is no guaranteed demand. Transaction fees don't so much provide a floor as eliminate any possible price between zero and that level (i.e. a price of zero is also possible).
@_date: 2013-05-27 02:10:30
This entire piece is bonkers. It's just poor economics and damaging moralism. Economics is not a morality play, it's about maximizing social utility and that is not done with hard money.


Oh please. We've seen the disastrous effects of deflationary crises caused by hard money and the stickyness of wages demonstrated time and time again. 


Perhaps you can explain his brilliant argument to me (I haven't read the book), but I don't understand how stimulating investment and consumption when the economy is operating below potential must create imbalances. If we assume that the most socially optimal will be most profitable then exactly what would have been invested were we not in a recession will be invested in following monetary expansion. Monetary policy can then be tightened as growth reduces the slack.


Liquidationists were wrong during the Great Depression and they're wrong now. The costs of long term unemployment in human capital loss are huge and there is no harm in reducing the slack so that any restructuring that needs to occur in a given industry doesn't take everyone down with it. Of course we also have to remember that not all recessions are caused by imbalances (the babysitting co-op!).


So we start with the fact that QE hasn't created growth, then we wave our hands, say the magic words and arrive at the conclusion that it must continue forever. Huh? 
Earlier in the post the author acknowledges there are forces at work that "are deflationary in nature" which are being counteracted by QE. He correctly attributes this to balance sheet problems and in doing so implicitly accepts the liquidity trap narrative. Eventually this liquidity trap will end as the debt overhang is liquidated and central banks could (and will) tighten up. The only way QE would continue would be if the liquidity trap doesn't end and if the liquidity trap doesn't end then QE is opposing deflationary forces and will not be inflationary. Different situations call for different policies, there's no point saying the effects of today's policies under these other conditions will be this and therefore we shouldn't enact those policies when these are the conditions.


Right.. when the liquidity trap ends. Unless you want to throw out the efficient market hypothesis bonds are correctly priced given market conditions and until those conditions change they will remain at the zero lower bound. How is it that the author has arrived at the conclusion that they must demand higher rates? 


Oh come on! Are we really going to ignore that deflation transfers wealth from borrower to lender and that most regular families are sitting on a big mortgage. What better way to deal with a balance sheet recession than by worsening the balance sheet of the average consumer. His entire spiel against inflation in favour of inflationary-deflationary cycles is complete nonsense. Modest and predictable inflation allows imbalances to be corrected without the disastrous effects deflation has. Deflation discourages consumption, contrary to the authors suggestions (and this is empirically well documented), because falling prices make it advantageous to wait which is exactly the opposite of what you need in a recession. Cycles are also hugely unpredictable, so there goes any hope of efficient long term contracts under his system!
@_date: 2013-05-28 12:27:05
Inflation is not always a problem. Modest and predictable levels of inflation help overcome the problem of sticky wages and make the economy more efficient.
Your tidal wave of inflation just doesn't make any sense. It's wishful thinking just as it's been since 2008 when we first heard that hyperinflation was around the corner.
@_date: 2013-05-28 23:22:38
Inflation levels have been very predictable when managed compared to the wild swings under gold. Bitcoin would be deflationary and bad for the economy.
You've still not given any convincing reason why monetary policy can't be loosened gradually as the slack in the economy tightens up. Balance sheets are going to recover over different amounts of time, not all at once and so we're going to have various amounts of deflationary pressure all through the recovery.
I'd love to see your numbers on rising input costs, because they may well be a reflection of changing market conditions rather than monetary policy.
@_date: 2013-05-27 23:22:20
I don't understand how an of that proves a causal link.
@_date: 2013-06-20 16:43:47
The point is that gold has use value and so cannot completely lose all value. That is what sets it apart from fiat money and bitcoins which could lose all value tomorrow if everyone stopped believing in them.
That's not an argument for a return to gold, but it is a reason why it's different to bitcoin and why J.P. Morgan would be unlikely to look favorably on bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-06-20 17:53:39
J.P. Morgan would disagree, making this post a ridiculous circlejerk which was my point. Credit can be worth nothing tomorrow a lot easier than historically stable assets can, failing some major advancement/catastrophe.
I don't support gold as currency any more than I do bitcoin, I'm just trying to put a stop to claiming historical goldbugs as probable bitcoin supporters.
@_date: 2013-03-21 19:21:46


The rest of the world used gold as well! It's quite obvious that gold as currency was not the determining factor. The world moved away from the gold standard for good reasons, namely the benefits of having a central bank to provide liquidity in response to monetary shocks. These benefits are well recorded empirically.
@_date: 2013-03-21 19:47:33
By no one being any better or worse off I meant that wealth is not being eroded (because predictable inflation is reflected in interest rates, prices and wages). Thus inflation is not theft, a tax or anything like that. It's just a change in our accounting system.
Therefore we have the option of deflation and empirically provable negative effects, or inflation and no real effect on the economy(non sticky wages)/positive effects (stick wages).
@_date: 2013-05-27 13:34:48
No one is claiming growth doesn't happen on gold. I'm suggesting that the gold standard leads to deflation and an inability to respond to monetary shocks which is to be avoided at all costs.
Again I'm not understanding the imbalances argument. Let's assume that the economy is below potential and that there are 20 projects that would have been completed if we weren't in a recession. Monetary loosening frees up funds that will first go into the most profitable projects which will first be those 20 projects. There is no inherent necessity for imbalances to form unless monetary policy is kept loose for too long. 
Your argument for everlasting QE is nonsense. Higher inflation would be hugely expansionary right now and imply an end to the liquidity trap. As a result economic growth would increase tax receipts and decrease transfer payments, improving the government's fiscal position. The CBs in the western world have also shown themselves willing to come down hard on inflation when it starts to take off. Their policy will change when the liquidity trap ends and things take off.
Time preferences are irrelevant in most large economic decisions (things like consumer durables) which is where deflation hurts the economy. Japan is one giant case-study for the negative effects of deflation so it's interesting that you linked this post. Japan is actually taking the text-book response to a liquidity trap now and is explicitly trying to create inflation (to avoid deflation). Under the liquidity trap model their policy is sound and unless you want to propose an alternative explanation for lack of monetary traction that's what we've got.
@_date: 2013-06-03 17:50:39
Different name than the one you gave. Where is the retraction? Note that he is credited as an adjunct scholar of the Mises institute, an important center of Austrian thought.
Here's another one from [Mises]( with a different author to confirm that this is actually the view they hold:




@_date: 2013-03-21 19:28:42


Exactly! And changing what we use as our currency is not going to magically abolish that.


You are ignoring the fact that mild levels of inflation have been shown not to have a harmful effect on the economy (in fact they may even benefit it!). Any argument in favour of using a gold like currency depends heavily on properly functioning markets and with properly functioning markets predictable levels of inflation lead to rising wages and prices in line with that level and no one is any better or worse off. 
So regardless of which one of us is wrong about deflation, you are definitely wrong about inflation.
@_date: 2013-06-20 17:00:24
That's not true. Gold can always be used to make electronics, jewelry, statues, utensils etc. It can decrease in value, but it will always be worth something unlike monies which are based on belief. This is the implicit position of all gold bugs and OP's quote demonstrates quite clearly that J.P. Morgan was a gold bug.
As an aside, bitcoin is more vulnerable than fiat money because fiat money has guaranteed demand for as long as taxes have to be paid in those currencies.
@_date: 2013-03-21 10:02:00
[Deflation]( [being]( [bad]( is a fairly established economic principle. And sticky wages are an [empirical fact]( (figure 2), not something that Krugman is advocating as you seem to think.
@_date: 2013-06-20 17:37:33
Never heard of it, but unless it's an asset in itself (i.e. not just backed by an asset or based on belief) it would be credit in Morgan's eyes.
@_date: 2013-05-26 23:49:19
This is ridiculous:


 Hyperinflation happens when government debt is over 80% of GNP and the deficit is over 40% of government spending.
Hyperinflation is not at all likely in countries with independent central banks and pretty much impossible when we're in a liquidity trap. The way the author brushes away the fact that inflation is pretty much non existent right now is a joke, food and energy prices are rising, not because of increased money supply, but because of conditions in those markets.
@_date: 2013-03-27 05:57:41
You entire argument rests on the assertion that future recession will be worse if anyone takes any action to relieve the suffering of a present one. That is simply not true and given that you [refuse to accept empirical evidence]( ("In essence, the negative impact of recessions on technical progress appears to outweigh the positive impact on the level of frontier
productivity") it's ridiculous that you claim I'm the one refusing a rational discussion. You haven't responded to most of my counter arguments and I don't know how you can expect to have any kind of reasonable discussion in this way.
I'm obviously not going to convince you right now given your ideological attachment to your economic theory of choice, but if one day you decide to think critically about this issue I can only hope that you'll see that your entire case rests on the idea that the common man will suffer more without intervention than with and that that is 100% not true (and provably so).
You have not a shred of evidence for your position although I have brought much for mine.
Edit: I'd love to hear what your model of the economy is if it's neither neo-classical or Keynsian because I can't for the life of me figure out what it is.
Edit 2: Also your argument requires that the market is always efficient. Which is, again, not true.
Edit 3: Because your comment gave me reason to do a bit more research here's more evidence: [1]( [2](
@_date: 2013-03-29 23:29:21
Here's [quick summary]( I found that seems accurate.
@_date: 2013-06-03 20:26:39
That's right attack the person not the arguments. Why bother actually debating when you can insult and move goal posts. I take it you have conceded that my characterizations of Austrian thought are fair?
The fact that we are in a liquidity trap is at this point fairly well established, the research was done on Japan in the 90's and it matches extremely well to current conditions. We also know that the Fed has enormous power to shrink the money supply which we saw demonstrated under Volcker and Greenspan. Back up some of your assertions or you're right, this won't be productive.
@_date: 2013-06-03 14:55:38
You've essentially conceded the Keynsian argument about monetary stimulus in a crisis like this. If there won't be inflation until balance sheets recover then QE becomes a legitimate policy tool while those conditions persist. Unemployment is at least as important a social problem as unemployment and I would say more when we're talking relatively low inflation.
You throw in a point about how QE distorts preferences in harmful ways, but don't really justify it. We are below the socially optimum level of spending and increasing spending will increase social utility.
I don't understand why Austrians should be allowed to have their model's short term predictions fail time and time again and yet still get taken seriously in short term policy discussions.
@_date: 2013-03-22 04:46:41
Neo-classical nonsense. "Just a little less interference and the the market will work as we say" has always been the refrain of members of the church of the free market and it's just not true. Homo Economicus is a fantastic idea, but we live in the real world and market failures abound. 
Recessions have real, severe and lasting effects on the weakest members of society. It's easy to talk about recessions as necessary pruning when the most you're likely to lose is money, but it's a whole lot more than that to a hell of a lot of people. Perhaps if the Gardener was in charge of an entire forest and ran a lumbermill along side his pruning activities your analogy would be accurate, but as it stands it is completely divorced from reality.
Naturally you dismiss empirical economics, you have no choice since it so often disproves the ideology you pass off as economic theory. I have little interest in rehashing the old "social sciences aren't real sciences" argument here, but when a model is consistently wrong about observable facts about the world around us (e.g. neo-classical economics) it is time to throw it away. No single study proves anything, but there comes a time when a body of evidence is too overwhelming to dismiss. Sticky wages, the negative effects of deflation and the lack of harm caused by low, predictable levels of inflation have been validated over and over and over again.
How is it that you justify your faith in the free market if not by empirical testing?
@_date: 2013-06-20 17:35:11
That may be true, but it would be for the same reason that fiat money and bitcoins have any value at all. Because people will it to be worth more. The point is that there is a floor on gold's value which puts a cap on possible inflation which makes it wholly different to bitcoin and fiat which could be worth nothing tomorrow.
[Also see this comment](
@_date: 2013-05-27 13:15:24


Who'd have thought that technological progress would create economic growth! The fact that deflation didn't completely stifle growth that time doesn't prove anything at all. American history is filled with monetary crises. Once upon a time ordinary people understood what it meant to be crucified upon a cross of gold. For some reason they've since forgotten.
@_date: 2013-03-29 23:31:47
~~More government control of banking is exactly the opposite of what that article is pushing for.~~
Edit: I am wrong and shouldn't miss out the last page of an article.
@_date: 2013-06-03 18:10:54
You're completely ignoring the difference between short and long term. In the long term the economy will operate at potential and expansion of the monetary base will be inflationary, in the short term we are operating below potential in a liquidity trap and growth of the base will be expansionary with minimal inflation. Both of the linked articles' arguments implicitly depend on QE being inflationary in the short term, because quite obviously in the long term stimulus can be withdrawn as balance sheets improve. To accept that QE is not inflationary in the short term takes the wind out of the sales of the inflation argument completely.
@_date: 2013-06-20 17:27:07
No, it doesn't depend on gold being best suited for those purposes. All that matters is that it *can* be used for those purposes because then gold couldn't just suddenly become useless and therefore cannot lose all value. I'm not putting words in anyone's mouth, that's one of the premises the use of gold as currency depends on (the other being its limited supply which is also bitcoin's premise).
If governments will take whatever has value then why is it that taxes have to be paid in their currency? You're in direct opposition to facts here. Note my point was not that governments must always require that, but rather that they currently do and that for as long as that remains true there will be guaranteed demand for fiat currency. There is no such guaranteed demand for bitcoins. 
Bitcoins depend on the faith of their users for value even more so than fiat money does and thus J.P. Morgan would be unlikely to support them because his position was based on the "intrinsic" value of gold. That's in the historical record (and in OP's quote!).
@_date: 2013-06-03 15:42:35
How are you taking purchasing power from people with low debt or high cash if, as you accept, there is no inflation? The justification for QE is sound even if you believe low levels of inflation are to be avoided (which I don't).
I've not said anything about fiscal stimulus, but since you've brought it up surely you can accept that countries like America could do with investing in their basic infrastructure. That would have both short and long term benefits.
Sure everyone can say what they want, but usually when enough evidence that something is wrong accumulates people will stop listening to it. Austrian economics has failed spectacularly in dealing with this recession.
@_date: 2013-03-21 23:39:17
May I ask why? Under the economic model I assume you are using (i.e. neo-classical) it is logically necessary that money is neutral and there are decades of literature to that effect available.
Edit: To give the model I think you're using it's proper name.
@_date: 2013-03-26 17:26:36
I'm not sure which world you're living in because Keynsian economics has never looked stronger. Even you seem to implicitly accept that the model is a true reflection of the economy since your only criticisms are that it creates inefficiency and that it's policy recommendations haven't been implemented properly by politicians.
You live in a fantasy if you believe that we can let big banks go under. It's been five years since the crash and we're still feeling the effects of that huge shock to the financial system! It would have been significantly worse if governments haven't stepped in (see Great Depression). The issue was the repeal of banking regulations by people who believe exactly what you do in the decades before, they saw their beloved free market where the reasonable among us saw an industry fraught with inefficiencies and hazard caused not only by necessary government intervention, but also inherent in the system.
In conditions like these (i.e. in a liquidity trap) fiscal stimulus is what the world needs so of course monetary policy has shown itself to be ineffective. How can you expect it to get any traction when we're up against the zero lower bound for interest rates? It's a poor criticism of Keynsianism that shows lack of understanding.
The fact that voters put irresponsible governments in power is no fault of Keynsian economics and the threat that future governments may not do as they should is no argument against relieving the suffering recessions cause. The economy is not just a mathematical model or groups of idealized agents following certain rules, it's real people. And which of these real people suffer the most when the economy comes tumbling down around us? Is it the bankers, industrialists or big business owners who actually caused it by their poor decision making? Nope. It's those at the bottom. Not only is your ideal response to a recession the wrong response, it's also morally repugnant.
@_date: 2013-05-27 12:58:18
I followed that intro with a detailed response and that's all you managed to read? Pathetic.
Edit: I think this is actually my favourite reply in this thread. It really sums up the Gold-bug closed state of mind.
@_date: 2013-06-20 20:13:43
The difference is about $30,000 if my calculations are correct. Gold is an asset while bitcoin is no better (worse in fact!) than the credit Morgan was talking about.
Does this mean we should use it as currency? No. Does this mean that using J.P. Morgan as a pro bitcoin voice is a load of bs? Yes.
@_date: 2013-05-27 21:38:57
That kind of inflation is a completely different problem and will do it's harm through supply shocks. I don't deny that's a looming issue, but it's got nothing to do with hard or soft money or central bank policy.
@_date: 2013-06-03 15:58:06
No, but the failures of the model should.
@_date: 2013-05-27 23:52:22
Right, I don't disagree with you there. But I don't think that supports this:


Which is what I disagreed with. Inflation in energy prices is a result of peak oil and other fundamentals, not loose monetary policy.
@_date: 2013-05-27 20:49:33
Says the person who's response to a detailed post was to quote the first line and say it somehow proves the arguments wrong. I'm sorry that the fact it wasn't written dispassionately somehow hurt you. You're a terrible troll, try harder.


-John Maynard Keynes
@_date: 2013-05-27 22:25:12
I don't think there's necessarily a causal link, but they certain correlate with each other through stages of capitalist development. When economies balloon energy use increases dramatically *and* hard money becomes even less practical.
Inflation in food and energy comes from rising consumption due to economic and population growth and the rather limited supply of both.
@_date: 2013-05-27 15:41:52
You completely missed the point of my analogy. In a boom we don't complain that there aren't policies in place to fight unemployment because unemployment is not a big problem. Similarly in a recession of this kind inflation is not a problem.
Inflation has been low since 2008 and the best inflationistas can come up with for a mechanism for how hyperinflation is going to materialize from that is magic. Liquidity traps are not just either on or off, there are gradients and as balance sheets recover deflationary pressures will begin to abate and loose monetary policy can be scaled back. There is no sudden tidal wave.
Also, the system is not built on solely trust. The system is built on demand for dollars to pay taxes. For as long as that is true runaway inflation is unlikely in the worlds largest economy.
Edit: To your vested interests point - Surely we can accept it's in the government's interests to head off hyperinflation?
@_date: 2013-06-03 16:11:29
On inflation they have failed spectacularly! Austrians were adamant that QE would cause rapid inflation and it's done nothing of the sort. Austrians couldn't explain Japan's lost decades and they can't handle the aftermath of our recession.
@_date: 2013-06-20 19:47:26
[Have already had this debate](
[Also see here](
@_date: 2013-05-27 13:07:08


First, it's important to point out that the government and the central bank are different things. A separation created for the very reason of stopping the government from printing money to pay bills.
Second, I have no idea what mechanism you are imagining will cause interest rates to remain at the zero lower bound as inflation rises. Interest rates = real interest rate + inflation rate remember? So increased inflation would be incredibly helpful right now by giving monetary policy more traction. Once it gets to the target rate policy can be tightened. Your point about government's not being able to pay more completely ignores (as well as the separation between gov and CB) that higher rates imply a return to economic growth in this context and with that comes increased tax revenues and decreased transfer payments.
Third, I think you are ignoring the benefits of stable inflation. Inflationary-deflationary cycles are unpredictable and damaging, moderate stable inflation allows long term contracts to be written so the only people losing purchasing power are those in unbalanced sectors of the economy (assuming free markets).
Finally, quoting statistics about what different fiat currencies did proves literally nothing. Give me mechanisms, empirical evidence and a coherent model.
@_date: 2013-03-21 18:42:42


This is just bad history. There were many recessions before central banks existed that involved deflation that have been studied to death. Deflation is bad, regardless of the fact that doesn't square with your worldview.
@_date: 2013-05-27 12:58:51
No, he doesn't as I pointed out to the other person who quoted it at me.
@_date: 2013-06-03 16:55:10
And yet from daily blog on [Mises](


That's mainstream Austrian thought and it doesn't work. 
@_date: 2013-03-30 04:55:44
I'm sorry, you are actually right. I didn't read the last page where the article does in fact suggest nationalization is the best option.
It just seemed strange to me that an article so obviously against government intervention would argue for more of it. 