@_author: nirrain
@_date: 2018-01-21 21:34:48
As I understand:
A has a channel with B and let’s say the channel contains 100 mBTC where they each have a balance of 50mBTC.
B also has a 50 mBTC channel with C, with B for example having a balance of 30 mBTC and C a balance of 20 mBTC
Routing means that A can transfer 10 mBTC to C even though he has no direct connection by transferring 10 to B who then transfers 10 to C on the other channel. Afterwards A has 40, C has 30 and B has now 60 in the channel with A and only 20 in the channel with C, so the same total but in a different split between the channels.
However, the total tally of each channel is unchanged, so no funds are moved out of the channel.
@_date: 2018-01-20 13:25:20
I understand that the tether machine can help drive prices up as long as someone is willing to trade their fiat 1 USD for 1 USDT.
But help me understand how a collapse in tether can drive the price of the market down.
If tether collapses tomorrow, it will wipe away the value of those holding tether. They will likely exit by buying USD or other cryptos at an increasingly bad USDT rate. But that in itself should not reduce the value of the other cryptos, in fact it will be a volume of buy orders.
The only way I see the crypto market fall because of this would be if it undermines the trust in the concept because people fail to see the difference betweeen a coin claiming to be backed by fiat but is in fact not and other coins that claim completely different value propositions that are essentially unaffected.
@_date: 2018-01-21 20:02:13
How would a business like TorGuard or blockstream convert their revenue in lightning channels to cash flow if they receive micro payments on separate lightning channels for each customer?
For lightning to be benfitial the same channel has to be used many times, for example for a subscription. But for the recipient this will mean that it will take many transactions, possibly in the span of several months before the accumulated payments warrants the fee necessary get the money out of the channel. If they have thousands of open channels with tiny value this could be a significant total value that is essentially locked up behind thousands of on chain transaction fees if they for example need to use the income to pay wages.
The only solution I see would be if the channels with their customer is also used to transfer funds back to the customer through their node so they can consolidate inputs into few large revenue channels. But i would expect that many channels will be one directional as few users will have a service to sell.
Or am I missing something?
@_date: 2018-01-21 21:12:39
Thanks for the clarifications.
However, wouldn’t that just move the problem to the hub - end users would benefit by simply opening a channel to a hub to be able to transfer funds out on the network to buy goods and services. The end user would then not need to open anymore channels. That in turn would mean that the hub cannot pay through that end user and would instead have to close the channel able to use their funds as it is unlikely they will need to buy goods or services from the end user.
In that case will it be the hub that has to pay for the on chain tx to close the channel?
@_date: 2018-01-21 21:22:24
my point is there will be users who only spend, never receives payment as they do not sell goods or services. Those users do not have incentive to open more than one channel to a hub to fulfill their needs, but if the hub has many channels with that kind of users they will be in the same predicament - even if they just sell the service of routing transactions their payment in fees will be “stuck” in tiny pods of value in many channels.
@_date: 2018-01-21 21:17:30
Are you sure that would work? As I understand the funds cannot leave the channel except through an on-chain tx requiring a normal fee. 
@_date: 2018-01-20 17:40:40
I can accept that the missing influx will result in less buy pressure, but I don’t see how it should necessarily trigger a crash that requires increased sell pressure. That would imply that people who decide to sell their crypto at “USDT-inflated prices” will essentially be willing to sell at any price.
And for the wipe out part wouldn’t it conceptually be the following 
1. Group A has USDT and buys USD/crypto from group B.
2. USDT becomes worthless
3. B is holding the bag so should regret selling in step 1 but why would they be going on a sell-off rampage of any remaining crypto they have? 
@_date: 2018-01-21 20:26:41
How would a business like TorGuard convert their revenue to cash flow if they receive micro payments on separate lightning channels for each customer?
For lightning to be benfitial the same channel has to be used many times, for example for a subscription. But for the recipient this will mean that it will take many transactions, possibly in the span of several months before the accumulated payments warrants the fee necessary get the money out of the channel. If they have thousands of open channels with tiny value this could be a significant total value that is essentially locked up behind thousands of on chain transaction fees if they for example need to use the income to pay wages.
The only solution I see would be if the channels with their customer is also used to transfer funds back to the customer through their node so they can consolidate inputs into few large revenue channels. But i would expect that many channels will be one directional as few users will have a service to sell.
Or am I missing something?
@_date: 2018-01-22 13:03:26
But if you accept channels automatically what is to prevent the following scenario: 
You (A) opens a channel with X btc to a hub (B), then (C) creates a channel to (A) with X btc.
Initial state:
(A) X btc -&gt; (B) 0 btc
(C) X btc -&gt; (A) 0 btc
C then purchases stuff from the network through (A) for X btc, new state:
(A) 0 btc -&gt; (B) X btc
(C) 0 btc -&gt; (A) X btc
So even though (A) still has the full of X btc, it is now stuck in a channel with (C) who may have nothing to offer in which case (A) would have to first his channel with (C) and then reopen a channel with (B) before he can purchase from the network, leaving you with 3 on-chain transaction fees?
Don't get me wrong, I am very excited with LN and think it is one of the key missing pieces. There are just elements I cannot get my head around yet.
@_date: 2018-01-22 08:30:49
Are you sure?
If I open a single-funded channel with a supplier of a subscription product and for example put 12 months worth in the channel to avoid 12 on-chain tx fees.
Then after 2 months the company I have the channel with decides they need the funds I have so far transferred they can close the channel at my expense leaving me having payed 2 on-chain tx fees for my 2 months subscription - essentially costing me more in fees than doing it on-chain in the first place as the tx'es are slightly larger?