@_author: nissinchowmein
@_date: 2015-10-27 18:10:10
Why do the moderators allow talk of altcoins like the Lightning Network?  Isn't this I am curious if the lightning network will be listed on coinmarketcap.com.  
Anyone know what exchange this alt will be listed on?  It sounds like there is a HUGE pump.  I want to get in before the dump.
@_date: 2015-10-28 01:33:49
Nahh...I'll do what works for me.  I'll question the motives of the players.  If no one can answer why blockstream investors are putting so much money in it then I have my answer.  There's a hook.  It's a shiny thing in front of us with a hook.  If it didn't have a hook, there would be a simple explanation.  
Also, like I said, I bet the whole thing can be run with just one bitcoin essentially making bitcoin useless.


Freudian Slip?  Too many people pushing this thing here.  Smells fishy.  Fishy with a hook.
@_date: 2015-10-30 01:49:31
Best believe if there's name squatting to do, the moderators here are going to be all over "bitcoin" like flies on shit.  Blockstream Boys are on it.
@_date: 2015-10-28 01:06:13
Sounds like the underlying network is neutral.  So, make Lightning really popular and then get rid of bitcoin.  Done.  At this point, the folks here will be telling everyone how bad bitcoin is for holding lightning back.


That's ALWAYS a bad idea.  What is that saying that when you cut out a man's tongue it just makes you look like you have something to hide.
See the approach you have here is better.  Now I'm questioning my assumptions.  Also, telling non-technical people to read a white paper is not going to help.  Hell, I don't even understand bitcoin.  Us dummies go by what the smart people tell us.  We have to first TRUST the smart people though.
Ok, where's the hook?  I think there's a hook in this shiny thing.  If it HAS to use the bitcoin network, can the whole thing be run with just a fraction of one bitcoin, making bitcoin essentially useless?  You said it doesn't have it's own tokens, I bet there's a rub there.  I bet this is technically true but not really or some such bs as that.  
Why have blockstream investors put millions into this?  What do they expect in return?  Be honest.  Very few people just give away money especially if they form a company out of it.
@_date: 2015-10-27 21:56:40
Someone else told me it would be quicker to just buy the coins on an exchange.  I see know reason why I couldn't.  Someone sells some they have on an exchange and I buy them.  Why isn't that possible?


Are you sure this is true?  So it HAS to have bitcoin and ultimately people HAVE to buy bitcoins to use it?
@_date: 2015-10-27 23:51:32
I simply don't trust it.  Appears more like an attempt to usurp the momentum of bitcoin.  
I KNOW you could exchange directly for it and posts that are negative about it get deleted here.
Thanks for your input but I still believe if the bitcoin community gets behind it, they'll end up destroying bitcoin itself.  
This is very likely just a case of some in the bitcoin community attempting to make a lot of money at bitcoins expense.
If this happens, I bet what we see in under 5 years is the destruction of bitcoin and direct Lightning network exchanges for USD,etc.
@_date: 2015-10-27 18:38:51
It's using a different blockchain and it's units can be bought on an exchange right?  I've read that it will be far quicker to buy units from an exchange.