@_author: nitrogensports
@_date: 2014-12-04 16:55:03
Thanks for the kind words, James. 
We love that you're "down the rabbit hole" with us! Those pics are amazing, some great views! Enjoy the T-shirt!
All the best from us,
Nitrogen Sports
@_date: 2014-11-17 17:05:46
Awesome; congrats on the win!
@_date: 2014-11-17 17:04:55
Welcome to Nitrogen! Please don't hesitate to give us a shout if you have any questions!
@_date: 2017-03-10 08:34:51
Hi there,
I am sorry to hear about your situation and recent experiences on our site. As previously mentioned, our company has a policy to not release any of the personal information regarding one of our players. This policy helps to ensure that our staff does not divulge any personal or confidential information which could be used against our players (ie Phishing scams). We also have a similar policy when it comes to making statements like this on public forums regarding player disputes.
Without going into too much detail, I will explain that our team does perform manual reviews before processing any withdrawal to check for unusual activity on the account before processing. During the initial review of this account, our team did not produce any significant red flags regarding the account's login activity or play. In a subsequent investigation, our security team also received direct confirmation from Cloudflare that Nitrogen's data was not included in the Cloudbleed HTTPS traffic leak, as suggested by the player.
Please know that we take these types of reports very seriously and our support and security teams are continually monitoring for any usual log-in activity or potential compromises with site security. Two-factor authentication and manual withdraw reivews are extra layers of security offered by Nitrogen to help protect our players. However, it is ultimately up to the individual to ensure the security of their accounts and log-in credentials as stated in our rules regarding account security - 
I understand your skepticism and frustration with regards to the situation. Should you have more questions about your account or the investigation, please feel free to reach out to me off-thread via marketing and I'd be able to help address them to the best of my abilities.
Thanks, Calvin​