@_author: niwot
@_date: 2013-11-26 04:42:06
Hey Subduction -- great post.
If I was a CEO of one of these places I would be vacillating. On the one hand afraid of missing an enormous opportunity, on the other, of committing serious resources to something that (precisely because of its potential for upside) represents a big risk. I would know all about mitigating risks because I would think about that all the time and it would stress me the fuck out. (Because of this I would call in someone like you to talk to, and if I read this post I would be happy I chose you (-1 DozeNuts).)
Companies of that size should consider the effect their announcement of accepting bitcoin will have on the market. Baidu's recent news before this price spike comes to mind. 
Companies this size should not underestimate the effect an *announcement* that they are looking at bitcoin will have on the market. This announcement costs them nothing (perhaps some face, but by the same token earns them face) and would appreciate bitcoin. 
These people are all about innovation, progress, being at the top of their game etc. But their responsibilities make them conservative. If you've got them all in the same room appeal to their sense of the value in innovation to find original ways to mitigate the risk involved with adopting bitcoin. Perhaps they could (somewhat in the spirit of peer-to-peer networking) work together to insure each other from the risks of adoption. 
I think the true power of Bitcoin is in its ability to inspire people. If I were you I would try to get that across. Maybe send some bitcoin to someone at the beginning of the meeting and see when it arrives and how many confirmations it has by the end. 
(if it still has 0 confirmations this might backfire if you have an agenda but otherwise it's still perfectly fine because this does happen)
These CEOs also have an obligation to not become obsolete. This involves willingness to reimagine their business model or adapt it if necessary. The possibilities that PROGRAMMABLE CASH offer their companies must be as astounding as they are for everyone else. 