@_author: nixon_shock
@_date: 2014-01-04 14:43:48
Congrats!  Did you also need a BTC-accepting-lawyer for a pre-nup?
Might be worth it speaking from experience...
  
@_date: 2014-01-02 15:10:08
Looks like they claim to be shipping and did not think through how to safely box them.  Again, lack of experience. 
They have also "paused sales" to meet current demand.  I'm not sure how pausing sales helps with spurring production.  Sales folks/production folks are probably different even in small company.  
But in a small company I would guess development and production have some of the same folks.  The question is did they pause development which probably would have a very positive impact on production. 
@_date: 2014-01-03 15:29:10
Few thoughts on restaurants/bars:
1.)  Any transaction delays beyond the normal momentary wait of a credit card clearing, would not work.
2.)  Transparency in the tip is important to the staff (they want to see the tip when it occurs)
3.)  Transaction has to be "money good" at the moment it is consummated.  (an advantage of bit coin if transaction is verified)
Additional thoughts on their current payment process:
1.)  They often already "slide" a credit card well before the transaction occurs in most restaurants.
2.)  Then they hand back your card and just bill you when you are doing with your "drinks".
3.)  They also are familiar with entering codes or scanning codes from Groupons…but it's not for every transaction. 
4.)  Even with cash they "log" the transaction at a POS terminal
Obviously being incorporated into their existing POS device(s) would be the ideal.  But there is precedence in accepting new terminals (credit cards, groupons, square) if they believe it will help expand sales or give a leg up.
@_date: 2013-12-31 19:44:16
My guess is they have good intentions, but are simply just in over their heads like these other producers.  It's marketing running ahead of ability.  Hope over experience.
Buyer beware as usual…Bitcoin, real estate, dot com...good speculation/investments if you had the right timing and/or picked the winners.  
Let's just hope it's not a colossal debacle.