@_author: nizer13
@_date: 2018-04-09 05:51:36
Accepting bitcoin isn’t the issue, there’s ways to do it. But how does a merchant integrate that sale, incl. the payment, the inventory, accounts, and many other aspects linked to an individual sale? 
This attitude of shouting down 3rd party systems is pushed throughout bitcoin related subreddits, and each one is almost completely uneducated to what being a ‘merchant’ means.
It’s not just selling a product and accepting a payment. A good POS system integrates that sale for merchants - inventory adjustments, reporting, accounting, and usually an eCommerce platform. 
Expecting merchants to perform external adjustments to pre-exisiting systems is naive. It takes the technological advancement in merchant systems backwards.
Any payment method, regardless of what it is, needs to exist within a POS for a merchant to use it efficiently.
Not all merchants are Amazon level equipped with developers, and their own custom built systems (which technically makes a merchant its own 3rd party anyway?) - most merchants are small, and use existing systems to manage business, Square is one, there’s many others.
Yes privacy and peer to peer are important factors to what makes bitcoin - but it’s detrimental to its development to put road blocks in place with blanket ideology if it makes no sense when you understand or recognise the specifics of merchant adoption.
@_date: 2018-04-09 13:46:46
You didn’t even read the comment. 
@_date: 2018-12-19 05:48:26
As a merchant this doesn’t make any sense. 
The ‘reality’ is that there’s already infrastructure for PoS terminals and software. Point of Sale software is extremely dense, and that’s why companies are linking (API’s) to form seamless systems across the different models needed to run a business. Accounting, inventory management, eCommerce and payment gateways are usually run by different companies, who partner to better perform specific tasks.
It’s naive to think a BTC payment processor would build an entire PoS ecosystem, in competition with so many already. The basic payment processing system needs to be mastered, only then can it be integrated to the rest of a merchants sales infrastructure.