@_author: njr0
@_date: 2016-06-19 13:05:13
When you invest in something, you always trust an organization or entity with your money. The only difference between conventional organizations and smart contracts is that contracts allow you (or anyone else) to verify exactly how they work and what they do, thus allowing you to make a much more educated decision. I agree that, should there some day be a vulnerability in Ethereum (like a broken cryptographic algorithm), it's good to be able to fix it and then hard-fork to an alternate version of the blockchain where the transactions have never happened. I'm sure it would be trivial to reach consensus in such a case.
But this isn't a flaw in Ethereum (although, to be fair, something like that was bound to happen with a JavaScript-based language). If we decide to roll back transactions like this one, where do we stop? $50M? $20M? $5M? Ethereum wasn't designed for this type of rollback and every fork significantly weakens the network and makes it easier to mount a 51% attack (which in turn would have to be rolled back). Over the long term, these forks will completely destroy the currency.
Now, I'm definitely not a lawyer, and this isn't legal advice, but it doesn't seem like anything illegal happened here (and therefore, nothing that would be rolled back by a traditional bank). See The DAO's Terms:


The problem here is not that someone walked away with Ξ3.5M, but that people invested in something they shouldn't have trusted. That happens every day with conventional organizations and never scared the public away from making investments.
Money is the result of transactions defined by contracts. It is not and should not be based on majority opinion. This idea is what makes cryptocurrencies so powerful. Even if we don't absolutely love the idea of letting a hacker walk away with $50M, this is the right thing to do. If we fork, that would show that the community is willing to manipulate the currency to make up for something that's clearly the investors' fault, and that would irrevocably destroy people's confidence in Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies (while weakening the network to facilitate further attacks in the process).
@_date: 2016-06-19 15:39:42
Completely agree. That, and [TheDAO's Terms]( which effectively say "these aren't even our terms; the code defines the terms".