@_author: nlb53
@_date: 2019-09-20 01:38:06
Theres a great 6 part documentary of the history of money and the financial system whose name I cannot recall at the moment. Its great, and I believe theres a whole episode on the Fed. 
If you’re interested Ill send when I remember the specific one, but there are tons. 
Cool fact, my great uncle, Paul Warburg (my grandmas cousin) was on of the main authors of the federal reserve act!
His side of the fam moved to the US, when my grandmas side moved to Argentina, and then the US when shit hit the fan there in the 70s.
@_date: 2019-09-20 04:57:48
The Ascent of money is the history of finance series I was thinking about, but it actually has little to nothing about the fed there it looks like. 
Not sure there's not much beyond the purely academic to point to
@_date: 2019-09-19 13:52:13
Its doesn’t come out of left field. If that were to come about (which I dont believe it ever will within that specific market like it did in 08, largely due to financial assessment on all mortgage products) for months beforehand spreads would widen and the market would see some considerable volatility. 
Under such circumstances volatile securities, like say RMBS, either wouldnt be accepted as collateral for such deals, or if were it would be with a significant haircut and higher repo rate due to less appetite for the risk. 
This is more or less what people are talking about when they mention credit markets have frozen up. There is no appetite to accept the risk on the underlying colleteral and everyone prefers to just sit on their notes or earn IOER, what the fed pays in interest on cash reserves. 
In such situations the Fed becomes significantly more important, as the private market would dry up. That being said, when those kind of things happen there are always larger systemic issues, which the market and fed would have to deal with through other channels. Repo wouldnt be that mechanism
The above plays into why the fed moved the IOER by more than they did the fed funds rate. 
By lowering the interest gained on money not lent you increase effectively increase the cost of not lending (the opportunity cost gap between the IOER and what you’d earn lending it increased).
@_date: 2019-09-20 00:45:28
Once more you are conflating the jobs of the Fed and treasury and distinct mechanisms through which the Fed operates.
The primary mechanism by which the Fed controls the money supply is the buying of treasuries from the market, introducing more money into the system, or the selling off treasuries, taking money out of the system. These are open market operations. 
The fed controls the money supply through such channels which via supply and demand moves the fed funds rate. It also can do this via moving the IOER and the discount rate, which set a corridor through which the open market decided fed funds rate theoretically cannot escape (else there would be arbitrage opportunities that would self correct the fed funds rate). 
This article, and the issue being discussed here, are about repo agreements, which are an entirely different types of transactions with distinct purposes, and are not related to the above. 
The Treasury decides if/when to print cash. The fed just help introduce it to the system. It has no authority nor mechanism through which to so itself.
The fed issues treasury bonds, not actual cash. 
You wiki-ing general monetary policy channels doesn't change a single component of what I have explained in an attempt to make clear something that is not normal to understand unless you are an economist or work in very particular sectors of finance. 
I am not trying to argue with you, just to clarify things you are mixing up. It's perfectly okay to know less about this admittedly niche and boring stuff than someone who studied this at school and has worked in fixed income and capital markets for their entire adult life.
@_date: 2019-09-19 04:40:00
They were repo deals, not open market buys. 
Its not the same as general open market operations, and adding the two overnight repo deals together to make a larger number makes no sense. Its not the same as a general increase in the money supply
@_date: 2019-09-19 13:12:52
When the Federal Government was established it wasn’t supposed to provide financial safety nets for its citizens, healthcare, or protect woman from their husbands whims. 
Is that a good argument that it shouldnt be doing these things? 
These are social constructs made up by men with incomplete information to solve dynamic problems that change as the world changes, which it has, a lot
Who gives a flying fuck the specific mechanisms that were relevant 100 years ago. 
Nonsensical argument
@_date: 2019-09-20 15:24:43
Yes, if only our financial system could mirror that of Iran and Italy
i may be missing your sarcasm, but otherwise a comically stupid comment
@_date: 2019-09-19 05:07:06
No one printed money, the fed operates independently of the government, noone gives the banks free money. The Fed actually make a profit on the interest they get from the deals 
You have a supreme lack of understanding of what this is. I say this not as a jab, just hope it can make clear what this actually was. That which you don’t understand can seem scary. 
The repo market is a consistent $2 Trillion private sector market, which provides access to liquidity for quick short term balance sheet adjustments for banks, whose capital outlays and cash flows can experience all kinda of shocks for all kinds of reasons. 
It is a complicated beast fueling the wealthiest, most dynamic, and credit hungry nation in the history of civilization. 
In a repo agreement, Party A gives party B an asset (typically a security) and party B gives party A cash at its mark to market with an agreement that it will be bought back, often the very next day, at that amount plus accrual, the repo rate. 
It’s a short term collateralized loan, no printing of money or even general increase in money supply 
Simple analogy would be, you are getting a paycheck tomorrow but u need $200 to pay some bill today. Instead of going through a credit card and incurring unnecessary fees to get the cash, you sell me a piece of jewelry worth $200 for $200 with an agreement that you will but it back tomorrow for $200 + interest after you get your paycheck. 
Thats what this was. 
No one is getting bailed out, there is nothing broken in this system, it is a very simple and efficient liquidity instrument. 
Historically the fed would help ease the strain on the repo markets very regularly and not only during recessions, however it has been about 15 years since that has been the case. 
75 billion is nothing for the scales we are talking about, and this wasn’t about anyone risking insolvency or anything systemic. 
Similarly there are people adding the two deals together. Think about the analogy i gave you earlier. If after you bought back the jewelry a few hours later you needed another $200 back again (or your niece needed it or something) so we made the same deal again, would it make sense to say I loaned you $400?
No right. Because its the same 200 we already settled up on. 
Same goes for these deals. It would be akin to adding your outstanding credit card balance up nightly so the same $1000 on it each night could be described as you being extended $30,000 this month.  It doesn’t make any sense
I would add all this strain in the last few days that put pressure on the repo market is contained to small and regional banks, none of the big guys have an issues. 
Also, the Fed nets a profit, and not a small one, and that money goes back to the treasury... ie the place your taxes go
These sorts of operations mean the fed is generating more revenue (in the form
of accrual at the repo rate) and actually help subsidize the federal budget and help you. 
Best know what your talking about before you start vilifying things you don’t understand
@_date: 2019-09-19 12:49:36
The types of assets laid out are always part of very large liquid markets. Their prices are well established. 
My teams and I build and manage our cash flow modeling at my firm. Run dozens of varying types products daily, 
Getting very granular for the sake of producing bids for actually trading or for hedging is different to assessing a basic MTM
Typically within any sector everyone will agree on a basic fair accounting price, where they end up varying is how the bond will behave in the future and what they think it will be worth in a year, or 2, or 10
For these short term transactions simply taking a comparable recent trade and using heuristic methods to adjust for minor feature differences is typically sufficient, and there are dozens of independent valuation firms and advisors ppl use for such things for official deals.