@_author: nnhgi
@_date: 2017-02-13 02:10:19
From the looks of commit numbers alone, it appears BU won't be adding as many features/benefits to bitcoin apart from a bigger blocksize that requires a dangerous hard fork. Fewer commits are likely less changes.
Bitcoin needs to grow in capacity and capability. If I had any say in this debate, I'd go with Core. I'm not ready to abandon Core just yet for a fork. Core has done alright so far and earned my trust. Seems they are doing more for bitcoin than what BU has to offer. Sure, Core is more complex, but you didn't think bitcoin was never going to evolve without risk?
@_date: 2017-02-13 02:12:25
If you do not validate blocks, you are not using Bitcoin. You are letting someone else do it in your behalf. That counterparty can learn about all your transactions, deny you access, even double spend against you (costly: Finney attack) with non-existent coins.
Even if everyone stays honest, and even if the network can support a certain share of non-validating-"light"-nodes, such system has a catastrophic failure mode at some point, if everyone tries to free ride an nearly nobody is left validating.
@_date: 2017-02-13 02:11:16
Democracy - I may agree with. If democracy means every one with a voice speaking up, and systems encouraging that participation, then it is very hard for any other place to be more boisterous compared to India. I don't think that it is necessarily a great thing though. Indian system is way too slow, compared to China and I would rather have development than democracy
Capitalism - Unsure. Corruption leads to very compromised capitalism, at best.
Well people have all the rights to capitalize on their power given that they took risks and spent time and money to get elected and there is no guarantee that they'd be elected again next time around , if you're against corruption you're basically against Bitcoin and lassaiz faire .
@_date: 2017-02-13 02:12:15
Same, I held coins on exchanges for a long time before finally putting them on paper wallets. The peace of mind is nice and Electrum is great.
One bit of advice: Tails Linux comes with Electrum included (and check the hash if you suspect foul play). Live boot tails and you need not worry about fucking up the "delete wallets off laptop" step.
Why did you back up your wallets? I kept nothing except the seed.
@_date: 2017-02-13 02:12:49
You are not thinking about market competition. Miners who decide to try to game the fee market will quickly find that there are other miners who will gladly package a block with all transactions because really, why leave money on the plate?
This is a tragedy of the commons issue. The only resolution to the issue is 100% miner collusion. I dont think thats happening and if anyone wants to provide proof otherwise you are welcome and im open ears, but speculation is not proof.
Since 100% miner collusion is not happening, then your point makes no sense. Whatever floor is attempted to have been raised, it will be simply lowered by the next miner who is hungry and see's no point in leaving money on the table.
Remember, it only takes one hungry or altruistic miner to get a few blocks here and there to completely screw up this attempt on fixing the fee market price ratio.
Anyone who suggests that there is not a single miner/pool who occasionally gets blocks who's willing to take up all the fee's (given the hypothetical unbounded blockspace context) is not thinking rationally.
@_date: 2017-02-13 02:13:49
Find your bitcoin.conf file, and modify dbcache=3000 if you have like 8GB's for the system, or if you have like 4GB then dbcache=1000 restart bitcoin.
I did the experiment about a year back. dbcache size was a HUGE factor in time it takes for initial sync. Once you are all up to date and synced, you can then change it to a more rational amount if you plan to use the computer for something else to. like dbcache=500.
Really there should be an option dialogue upon install to ask how much ram you'd like to devote to bitcoin, as opposed to the default value which is only suitable for like a raspberry pi.
As far as the question if we had 8MB would the problem get worse. Well, as stated above the "slowness" is largely because of low default settings for dbcache. When I did my initial sync on an AMD 8350 CPU the CPU never maxed out, the CPU seems to be waiting on data a lot of the time, so more ram devoted would help keep the underutilized CPU working. Anyway, point is the primary bottleneck most people are encountering is lack of ram, not the cpu, and ram density for computers is still increasing. I ended up devoting 3000 Megs to the dbcache and I believe it took like 8 hours or so. An AMD 8350 is a pretty old CPU now and it was nowhere near fully utilized.
So, would it take longer. I'm sure it would, would a properly configured bitcoin install take 8 times longer than yours is no way in hell. My computer in 10 days could have done the complete install from scratch like 30 times maybe more if I devoted 8 GBs.
