@_author: no_namer64
@_date: 2018-01-05 03:02:46
No, a stack does not have a value that we all agreed upon and is not liquid. Besides, you didn't say what your definition was and how it differs from mines nor did you prove to anyone that bitcoin is not a currency.
@_date: 2018-01-05 01:31:16
The chart is claiming that bitcoin isn't a digital currency. Which is just false.
I don't know what they mean by decentralized development teams, but if I had to guess it means that anyone can develop bitcoin cash. However, wouldn't that be true for Bitcoin because it's open source and it accepts pull requests?
However, I don't know how low cost of transactions is for Bitcoin cash, but I am aware that Bitcoin's transaction fees are high, so I think I can agree with that one.
However, I'm not so sure about the Bitcoin being unreliable considering that bitcoin has never failed me or anyone I know.
The parts with both having a ✔ look correct to me.
other others I don't even know what they are talking about.
Last point, why only compare Bitcoin Cash to Bitcoins, what about the other altcoins that can also ✔even more boxes that Bitcoin Cash doesn't.
@_date: 2018-01-05 02:46:04
Like I already said a high fee does not make a currency not a currency, so it is not relevant to the question of is Bitcoin a currency. A currency is a currency because it is a medium of exchange used to avoid issues of pure bartering. You may need bread and I have some but I want some rice, so we barter or make a trade. However, if I want someone fix his cracked phone screen, the repairman does not want my bread. Currency solves this issue. Most money like dollars has value unless people did not agree that it had value. And the same goes for Bitcoin, it has value and we all agree it has value and it would be worthless to most of us if we didn't think so. Same can be said for gold. Bitcoin and gold may not be accepted by everyone, but because it is liquid, I can easily change it into my fiat currency of choice. The same can not be said for something that is not a currency, for example, to get money from a house, it must be sold to someone that wants to live in it for the price you are asking. Gold and bitcoin be sold but to someone that wants it because of its value that we all agreed upon otherwise it would be worthless to anyone else. 
However, I do agree that the transaction fees do hurt how liquid Bitcoin is, but considering that people use it for trading for flat because of its value still makes it liquid.
TLDR; Bitcoin and gold is a currency because they fit my definition of a currency.
@_date: 2018-01-05 01:43:38
Well, I did say that I don't know what a decentralized development team is. Can you explain what a decentralized development team is?
By your logic, gold is also not a currency. you definitely use it as currency tho. A high fee does not make a currency not a currency. It may not be used and thought as one, but it is still a currency.
@_date: 2018-01-05 00:23:28
Take a good look at the chart, and ask yourself some questions.
Isn't Bitcoin Core a software client? Yes.
Is Bitcoin Core not a digital currency? Yes, because it is a software that wallets rely on but Bitcoin is a digital currency.
Even if they meant Bitcoin, not Bitcoin Core, then how can they say it is not digital?
The chart is meant to confuse you. The Others, I don't even want to get into because some of them don't even make sense to me.
@_date: 2017-12-26 21:39:08
I'm not aware of all the stores that are dropping Bitcoin. However, I am aware that Steam, the largest PC gaming platform has stopped supporting Bitcoin because of the current issues with Bitcoin as a currency. 