@_author: nobgad
@_date: 2016-08-14 19:47:32
One more thing to add. Keep in mind that this attack was coordinated and automated. Considering they assume that the attacker used UNs and pwds from different compromised websites it should've instantly raised a flag with their security department and the only next action should've been to lock down the wallets for any fund transfers. However not only that this did not happen. Their security system allowed the attackers to perform automated synchronous operations on multiple accounts from same IPs 
That does not come even remotely close to a security system...
@_date: 2016-08-16 09:49:44
We actually do know the same ip was used. Several users reported it. Otherwise, ofc you cycle thorough.
@_date: 2016-08-14 07:53:34
I had unique user names and pwd for each account holding funds. Luckily, after Kraken, I decided to stop trading for a month and pulled all of my funds. Guess I'm one of the lucky ones. Still have no word from kraken on how they will cover my losses. Bitfinex already made a decision and are applying it even though a lot more funds were stolen from them. I can only hope that kraken will do something about this soon.
@_date: 2016-07-21 15:06:45
I also got breached on kraken. Unfortunately I didn't have my 2FA set up yet. However, I used unique pwd with very high complexity. 400ETH gone just like that.
After he logged in, immediately configured master 2FA and funding 2FA - kraken requested no email confirmation or any confirmation at all for that matter. He then added a new withdrawal address which kraken again simply confirmed and then he proceeded to empty my account via 2 withdrawals. If anyone is following this I can provide you the IP and the wallet address where the funds were transferred.
I know I share the blame but I am highly dissatisfied with kraken level of security. Thank god I had to go through 4 tiers of verification for a deposit, including I'd photo and etc, but when it comes to withdrawals security is 0