@_author: noblepaladin
@_date: 2014-03-20 16:11:10
Since Buffett went mainstream, he stopped making interesting commentary on the markets because he knows too many retail investors follow him and they would just go off the cliff because they have no idea what they are doing. I remember watching a recording of a talk he made back in the late 90s to a group of MBA students. This was when the tech bubble was still running wild and people asked why he didn't invest in tech stocks. He choose Amazon as an example (note that this is something like 15 years ago), and he talked about how it is very likely Amazon would destroy brick and mortar stores. Online retailing will cause margins in brick and mortar stores to go towards zero. But he said he couldn't see who the winners will be, because the nature of tech is that all the extra utility goes to the consumer. The pie gets bigger, but the consumer gets all the pie and there are less profits for businesses. Looking back at it today, 15 years later, Buffett actually called it really accurately. Amazon crushed many brick and mortar stores, but if you look at Amazon's income statement, they don't make much money.
The folksy grandpa image that Buffett puts on is just for the mass public. He claims he doesn't understand tech, but his best friend Bill Gates says that Buffett spends more time on the computer than Gates does. I suspect that Buffett understands bitcoin far better than we give him credit for, I wouldn't be surprised if he actually read the white paper because he has been known to read several hundred pages a day. But he is doing a public service by steering the masses away from looking at bitcoin as an investment, because it is completely unsuitable at the moment. Imagine how many people would unknowingly get goxxed because they go into it not understanding what they are doing, or how many people would lose their entire networth because they don't know how to backup their computer or keep their credentials secure.
@_date: 2014-03-01 01:24:17
If they are frozen in possession of the U.S. Government, why wouldn't he say it? It would put pressure on the U.S. government to give it back. It is likely a crime to lie to the public and claim that the funds are stolen by hackers when it is not.
If he is under gag order, he won't say anything about hackers at all. He'll just say he is under gag order and can't speak.
@_date: 2014-03-03 21:30:31
Yeah, Buffett (and his 90 year old co-chairman Charlie Munger) understands technology far better than most of the people on this forum. He just plays the folksy old grandpa image because it is good PR. Bill Gates, Buffett's best friend, said that Buffett spends more time on the computer than he does.
I remember listening to a talk he had with some students back around the year 2000. This was before Buffett made as many public appearances as he does now, and he provided deeper commentary than he does right now. Some student asked him about Amazon and he provided some pretty deep analysis and predictions about online retailing that has actually come true over the last 15 years.
The reason why Buffett typically avoids tech is because it is often disruptive by nature. A great tech invention will provide a lot of utility to the world, but it will often decrease profits for everybody across the board. For example, people used to buy tons of film for their cameras, and those were high margin products. And there were many places where you had to go to get your film developed. The digital camera killed those businesses. But nobody made much money from digital cameras because they are commodity products that dozens of tech companies can make. The margins are terrible. Brick and mortar stores got killed by online retailing, but most online retailers barely make any money. Look at Amazon's income statement for example. What happened is that margins just shrank across the board as it is effortless for shoppers to compare prices and buy from different stores. Great for consumers, but bad for profits. Buffett saw and understood stuff like this in tech.
Buffett can consistently compound money at 15-20% in "old fashioned" stuff like sugar water, chewing gum, razor blades, or ketchup. It's not that he doesn't understand tech. He can't predict it with an accuracy high enough to give up the opportunity cost of a highly certain 15-20% return. The actual outcome of tech far exceeded the expectations of most people who invested back in the tech bubble back in 1999, most of them wouldn't have guessed that everybody would have computers in their pocket (smartphones) in 15 years. Yet very few people made money on it. Crypto-currencies might catch on, but that doesn't guarantee that the value of bitcoins will go up. Someone might invent a newer crypto-currency that is better in every manner and bitcoin fade away and be known as the AOL of crypto-currencies. Or there may simply be an increase in velocity of transactions, so that increased usage of bitcoin or other crypto-currency doesn't mean increased value of the currency. Or even if you make money on bitcoin in the long term, it could be that you are underestimating how much ketchup people use and you make a lower return than Buffett.