@_author: nochek
@_date: 2014-02-28 14:50:49
Bitimg holds no traffic data, does not use Analytics, or any other tracking software to help keep users data and usage confidential. So while I wouldn't mind sharing it, I can't because I don't have any!
@_date: 2014-01-23 21:36:51
Thanks for the thoughts. The UI is on the list of things to do, and is going to be much easier to do now that all the backend is working. I have a [gallery]( set up, I just don't like the interface and think I'm going to make something from scratch that to better utilize scroll loading on the fly.
I also need a much more defined FAQ, you're correct. That'll all come with the UI upgrade in the next day or two. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 02:33:18
My site had tens of thousands of daily users, but a click through rate of like .05-.1%, so around 5% less than the industry average. I contacted them several times through email, private messages, board posts, and their website to make sure that there was no issue with the site,  and rather than responding even once about it, they allowed the site to earn a BTC's for a month before rejecting it. 
@_date: 2014-01-23 20:52:17
The front end could use some work, sure. But there are some obvious benefits, such as:
You earn Bitcoins for using it. It's simple, and works. It's Anonymous*. 
(*) - what really is?
@_date: 2014-02-28 05:08:16
I looked around for awhile, AnonymousAds is the closest, but they are not really used. I considered creating my own, but even if I rolled one out in a month I would still have to spend a year or more finding advertisers to join on. I'm sure there are options out there, but I spent too much of my life on this site already, it's time someone else gave it a shot.
@_date: 2014-02-28 16:10:50
I also had a gambling site, betgods.com, on coinurl. They rejected that site and kept all its income too because it was a" monetization exploit site". (which I believe is any site with ads onit, but what do I know about lying and stealing money from others).
If your running a gambling site, I would suggest being careful as they obviously have no issues changing their minds on what websites they can rip off, and don't care to give warning of their impending robbery .
@_date: 2014-02-28 14:49:07
While it's nice to finally receive a reply, it's a month late and does not help one bit! I wasn't told ahead of time, or at any point, that the service was in-active. I have tried contacting CoinUrl multiple times, and got no reply (except the one time I needed help logging in, I got an instant response calling me an idiot for using my email instead of my username).
I had assumed since revenue sharing is featured on your webpage and your page actively tells developers to use that service, that it was in fact in operation. That is the entire reason I spent months developing this site and advertising to hundreds of users, all of whom where expecting you to hold up to the terms *your* company set. Now you are telling me, a month late and after keeping all my earnings, that the clearly outlined Revenue Sharing portion of your website is not operational, and hasn't been for a full year, yet you are clearly allowing people to think that it is and use your service just to keep the income. 
 None of which explains why you also disabled my other website on the network and kept it's earnings, even though it had no ties to Bitimg, nor used the revenue sharing model at all, which means that revenue sharing wasn't the reason you decided to steal all my earnings, it was just a pleasant excuse for you to tack on. 
That's false advertising, theft, lying, and dishonesty, every which way you look at it. I don't allow my users to continue using my service, promising them income, and then change my mind later and give them the middle finger. That's not how you treat users, that's not how you treat people. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 01:43:31
The site allows users to upload images and share them with their friends. They can add their bitcoin url, and I append it on the end of the Coinurl ads so they could earn a portion of the income on the pages their images were placed. As per their website:
*This feature allows website owners to easily share part of their advertising revenue with the authors of content. Websites with a large proportion of user-generated content (e.g. file, image, and video hosts, forums, etc) may find this useful to provide more incentive for its users to publish content. Content creators are not even required to have an account on CoinURL to receive a share of revenue.*
Their reason for rejecting my site? (other than keeping all the earnings, of course)
Admin rejected your site. Reason: Monetization exploitation site. 
@_date: 2014-01-23 21:27:33
Right now, [CoinUrl]( is the advertising solution I am running through, and users will be receiving 100% of revenue made off the pages their images reside on. 
 
@_date: 2014-02-28 01:16:35
While a lengthy and expensive lawsuit just to get a couple grand from a dubious company sounds like a great idea, I would prefer to just cut my losses in the hundreds of dollars and development hours.
@_date: 2014-03-01 00:51:57
I do, but I would rather just cut my losses while I'm ahead. There isn't any point in suing a company that keeps their cash hidden in digital currency, they can just claim there is no money to pay out. 