@_author: nocowbadcow
@_date: 2017-11-29 05:16:27
Bitcoins are a pyramid scheme requiring the cooperation of tons of people to overvalue something that is completely worthless.  They have scammed everyone involved, including governments that *have actual laws in place prohibiting alternative currencies, like the United States*, to go along with this scam.
They are worth exactly $0, and their use creates an artificial monetary exchange outside of the standard channels of currency, which can create black markets and other shady exchanges of high value goods.  Bitcoin is an illegal scam done by a huge group of scam artists that make their fake, illegal pseudo-currency only worth what they think it's worth.  At least actual currencies have the backing of national and world banks with some sort of force of value and legitimacy behind it.
I have pushed for the criminalization of bitcoin since its inception, only to have my logical, common sense pleas fall on deaf ears because of greed and the delusion of people to join in on a pyramid scheme.  This is not a "boo hoo, I didn't get in on the ground floor so I'm salty" rant, since I had ample opportunities to do just that, and did not because I knew right from wrong.
Bitcoin should be illegal and its value completely worthless.
@_date: 2017-11-29 10:48:16
Everyone replying: "I can't read".


Proof that you don't care about truth, just attacking people who tell it.
I seriously hope you all go to jail for this shit.  I seriously do.  Such a fucking pyramid scheme.  
Oh, and "redditor for a week"?  You do realize that people change account names (for me, because people keep taking my common sense replies to their insanity and downvoting and yelling at me and making my username disliked because I tell the truth so I have to abandon/delete usernames and switch to new ones), and I've probably been here longer than any of you.  You kids need to realize that your little scam hurts people and has become something that needs to be shut down.  You're engaging in *illegal* alt-currency BS that funds all sorts of illegal bullshit.  Shame on all of you.