@_author: nodesmasher
@_date: 2016-12-22 18:23:47
I initially had this same opinion, based on their stance on BTC, however I have had to adjust my opinion based on my actual dealings with Gemini, specifically regarding their support.
I have accounts with most of the major exchanges and have verified identification, however when creating a Gemini account, somehow some information of mine was entered incorrectly. I proceeded to attempt ID verification, however was met with a message that there was a problem. I began communication with support and sent them passport, Drivers license, copy of SS card, and myself holding my DL. 
All of the above credentials bear my legal name, however because it didn't match something that was entered at registration, the individual told me that Gemini could not offer me an account, even if I was to start from scratch and enter everything correctly. So, basically I was punished permanently for a typo or mistake.
I explained to them that what is on a person's ID should always be the determining factor, since we use Gov't Issued ID as the primary means of identification. Unfortunately, whoever they have as the main support at Gemini does not have a very high intelligence and cannot comprehend how to correct errors in systems. I did nothing wrong, and yet they have since flagged my name so that I cannot ever open an account with them. 
So, not that others will have this same issue...however it shows me that they are willing to hire people that are not analytical and have very little problem solving skills. I have seen this before, and although I was expecting a lot from Gemini, their deficiencies in the support department are extreme and remind me of issues that I had with Mt.Gox. If you think that a company can succeed with just financial backing and not intelligent staff, I would advise you to research further. Cameron &amp; Tyler might be fairly intelligent, however that makes no difference if the people that are actually handling the customers are not. 