@_author: nodemaster
@_date: 2011-08-31 15:08:16
Woah, Thank you very much for raising this issue! You can now access your account with the given credentials and the problem should be fixed now. May I ask if you are using a proxy or some kind of anonymizer?
@_date: 2011-09-01 10:38:29
Ah, I see. Bitcoin is Open Source. And in my opinion it is normal (and desirable) that open source projects are forked any time a group feels uncomfortable with something on the project. And this is good. Because you have some pioneers adopting ideas which might be integrated in the original project as well as soon as they are well tested and are working as desired. However IMHO as long as bitcoin community allows itself to learn from forks it will be the best and rock solid blockchain we have. That being said lets have a look at the current blockchains:
i0coin, iXcoin: (I refer to them as PnDchains for Pump and Dump chains)
We learned that there are enough people out there who are willing to just burn money. But we also learned in the long run pump and dump doesn't work (as expected by most ^^). However we have enough gamblers out there. So we need a possibility to gather this venture capital for the interesting blockchains.
Solidcoin: A really interesting experiment. I'm neutral about this blockchain. It has some very good ideas, but I'm unsure if they really make the system better. Only time will tell. Lets take the best of it and integrate it into bitcoin. Perheps it will outperform bitcoin. But it is unlikely. Even if it does so, it's nearly the same API and migrating would be easy. So the user decides which blockchain to choose (in the spirit of open source).
Multicoin: is very interesting for low scale or local projects which need own blockchains. But perhaps we'll see some very useful blockchains evolving from this project which are worth being able to be merge mined
Namecoin and (probably) upcoming Freicoin: Are alternative blockchains with an completely other purpose than bitcoin. They have a new intrinsic value which does not compete with bitcoin. These are the blockchains that makes sense to be merge mined.
In conclusion you are right we have fragmentation. But I think it's a good thing.
@_date: 2011-08-31 16:19:27
Yes :-)
@_date: 2011-08-31 14:34:52
I don't know of any other pool yet. If any pool operator has some questions or need some input on merged mining please contact me. I'm willing to help. I'm lurking around on the forums and occasionally on IRC as nodemaster. We definitely need more pools support merged mining in order to make it a success. Unfortunately all our NMC pools have a small userbase (compared to BTC pools) and thus we hope for some BTC pool operators to help kickstart merged mining.
@_date: 2011-09-02 05:45:59
Sorry I'm no native speaker. Perhaps I used the wrong terms. What I wanted to say with "difficulties don't draw levels" is that this analogy only is true as long as the difficulty of both blockchains are not the same.
I wasn't meant ot insult you with the oversimplification. If you are searching for technical details have a look at Mike Hearns general description and idea of Alternative Chains ( vinceds Merged Mining implementation is somewhat different. You can find the technical details in the Projects README ( If you need more implementation details you have to dig deeper into the code which you can find on github as well.
With this knowledge lets come back to your question. We build a getwork satisfying both (or several) blockchains using the merged mining proxy as soon as a miner requests work. This is the reason vinced implemented the getworkaux paramter.
@_date: 2011-09-01 10:03:56
Thank you for your suggestion. Posted the link there too.
@_date: 2011-09-01 09:11:10
Sorry, but I don't understand your comment (or I misunderstood it). Merged Mining is not at all about fragmentation. The reverse is true. It consolidates all blockckchains to be minable at the same time with no additional effort. Making BTC blockchain hashrate more stable (no hopping between blockchains) and helps new blockchains to evolve. It's a win-win from my point of view.
@_date: 2011-08-31 15:49:25
Multicoin is no prerequisite for merged mining (But AFAIK Multicoin supports merged mining as well). Masterpool will merge mining of BTC and NMC (and possibly more blockchains in future).
For Mining you can use all the well known miners (like phoenix, poclbm, etc.) Here are some tested miners:  but in theory all should work.
For Withdrawing BTC you don't need an update if you have a decent bitcoin client. However on MasterPool you withdraw amounts with up to eight decimal places. Thus you can't use very old clients.
For withdrawing NMC you need to update to the latest version nc0.3.24.60 before we start merged mining (more information on this issue here: 
@_date: 2011-09-01 09:23:46
If I understand correctly ;) you are right. But with namecoins low difficulty you get occasionally a few more NMC than BTC. I always try to explain it like an additional Bonus. Have a ticket for a BTC block get one NMC block for free. Sometimes you forgot your ticket (stale) and you won't get a BTC block, but as NMC is just a bonus you get it anyway.
This however is only true as long as both blockchains difficulties don't draw levels. If you want to see some stats for merged mining have a look at our testnet servers block history: 
@_date: 2011-09-01 09:04:53
Stupid me. For checking addresses we have a separate BTC daemon running. However I missed to change the address of the server where the daemon is running :-/ Fixed it and added this issue to the regression tests list ;-) Should not happen again.
Thank you very much for posting this issue!