@_author: noerc
@_date: 2014-10-22 09:46:18
BlackCoins PoS protocol does not solve the nothing-at-stake problem but reduces other attack vectors.
@_date: 2014-10-22 09:47:50
I see that a miner has the incentive to create different forks. However, the next miner will select the fork with the largest total stake. If all miners are grinding for the optimal stake combination to generate a block, but append their block the block with the largest stake, then consensus should be established after all.
Only if the miners take every incoming fork as possible predecessor then the network can split. But as long as more than 50% of the nodes implement the protocol correctly I cannot see how the system will diverge.
I would appreciate if someone could explain to me where I am wrong.
@_date: 2015-04-01 18:56:02


Right, so in order to let the event happen the same UTXO has to find valid kernels on two different chains within the block maturity. Should be easy to get some statistics on this using the blockchains of existing PoS coins, and maybe you are right that this happens more often than I think, but my expectation is that this isn't a large constrain.
Furthermore one can release a multi-fork client which prevents broadcasting one block if this should be the case (or just ignores this UTXO until its available again). People have a theoretical incentive to switch to the selfish client, just as with any PoS coin before.


Sorry if this wasn't clear, I wanted to say that I like your solution because it is NOT as complex as the other solution which provide memory to the random process (tendermint, slasher etc). If I would dev a coin I would implement your solution, because it is pretty safe. My only complain is that it does not solve the actual NaS problem, since staking on multiple chains is still possible such that there is still nothing at stake.
@_date: 2015-04-02 18:44:49


The kernel and blackcoins stake modifier both depend on the timestamp of the previous block, so I don't understand how you want to ensure that for any block except the top most block. It may very well be the case the same UTXO creates a valid kernel on one chain but not on the other, due to the different stake modifier in the kernel and also because of the target.
And if we assume that you indeed are able to verify the whole history, how do you prevent that someone who honestly staked on a chain he believed to be the longest but then turned out to be orphaned to get future stakes rejected?
@_date: 2015-04-01 14:50:37
its not functioning, you can safely stake on multiple NeuCoin forks. The likelihood that you will find two blocks simultaneously on two competing chains with the same coin stake is extremely small and will only lead to a single orphaned block. You can even adapt your customized client to propagate only one of those blocks in these rare cases.
In order to take advantage of NaS you need to make changes to the default client. This was the case before, and its the case now. Furthermore, if 50% of the NeuCoin weight uses the customized client which allows for duplicate stakes, then all others will need to update too. Likewise, currently you can only expect to get something from multi-fork staking if the competing fork has a chance to become longer, i.e. if a sufficiently large amount of the remaining network weight is also staking on this chain.
So the NaS problem by nature already requires a large amount of dishonest nodes, and this also didn't change with NeuCoins approach to tackle it.
Again, I like their heuristic, because it is simple and makes it a bit harder, while all other solutions (tendermint etc) introduce a monster of complexity just to handle a problem which isn't relevant in practice.
@_date: 2015-04-04 14:03:26
Its a fair deal considering his position and responsibilities. He would get a lot more for a corresponding job in industry.
If there is any expense of the foundation that can be justified then it is the compensation for professional development.
@_date: 2015-04-03 23:59:58
OK, I read the part of your whitepaper again. 200 minutes is not like blackcoin though, but you explained why you picked this number. I am not able to see any flaw and your model has the potential to become the new state of the art of PoS systems. I would just kindly ask you maybe to improve some of your references, e.g. blackcoin has a public reference available for their changes and also sigmikes changes were developed in the Nu community I think.
Thank you for taking the time to discuss my concerns. Your studies were very needed and you certainly provide an important reference for future discussions in this field.
@_date: 2015-03-30 18:10:48
While I do not see the NaS problem as a practical issue, the solution presented in the whitepaper, i.e. just rejecting a block if the same stake was used in the top block of a concurrent fork, is only a heuristic and not a solution to the theoretical problem.
Anyway, more discussion about PoS in the bitcoin community is needed, because so far it proved very well as consensus algorithm in many interesting projects - which too often just get ignored on this subreddit.