@_author: noeticintelligence
@_date: 2014-07-31 19:42:34
If you worry about state authoritarianism there really is no hedge in btc, or gold for that matter.
"Give us your bitcoin."
"No I will not"
"Enjoy prison"
"Give us your bitcoin."
"No I will not"
"Fine we shoot you, next"
Id bet the NSA is keeping track. 
@_date: 2014-01-02 02:36:05
* If you have a smartphone device and you enter an establishment that sells marijuana you are in the NSA database.
* If you associate with people who enjoy marijuana that is in the NSA database. 
* If you search online for information on usage, availability, quality of marijuana you are in the NSA database.
* If you extract money from an ATM close to a pot shop they got that. 
* If you like to listen to kushy playlists on Spotify they got that.
* If you like stoner movies on Netflix, on tv, bought at store. they got that.
Really they know.
The question is do they care.
 
@_date: 2014-01-02 02:42:11
Why in the good world would this be a great market for bitcoins? Regular usage of bitCoins are not anonymous. 
But more importantly for the vendors having to keep track
of bitCoin transactions, have high people in the store try to 
conduct bitCoin transactions, verifying the bitCoin transactions, 
with the fluctuating value of bitCoin constantly adjust prices. 
And then worry about the scams, the feds, the delays, the shut downs when the vendor wants to turn the bitCoins into cash.
If I was a vendor Id go cash only, long before I even would consider bitCoin. 
@_date: 2015-03-28 01:01:02
Those were very interesting and relevant links. Thank you.
@_date: 2015-03-20 13:27:28
But how would they hide the history of where the money goes?
@_date: 2015-03-20 16:08:45
Yes. 
I think (I might be wrong) that none of those
But none of those techniques could absorb the volume of btc these guys might be sitting on.   
Most seem to think that they need to convert the bitcoins sooner rather later.
@_date: 2015-02-26 12:54:43
Yes. the fees are pretty steep. 
@_date: 2015-02-26 12:26:51
I think it is still useful to some. 
@_date: 2013-12-03 23:41:09
Maybe you will get them still.   There is still hope for both of us.
@_date: 2013-12-03 20:56:09
It is a shame that this happens to so many people
trying to procure mining equipment.  Makes it all
seem quite dodgy.  Happened to me as well with 
BFL I've been waiting for months. 
If I was to advise someone where to obtain some
mining hardware I recommend they go on eBay
and buy from someone who "have them on hand".
Ive had good luck with that. Check that the vendor
has a good rep.  But you pay a decent markup on 
everything. 
It was easier when high end graphics cards were the 
the thing. Easy to obtain and reliable. (ok sometimes
the high end cards were hard to get)
Ive bought into quite a few kickstarters and similar setups 
and I have always gotten the item, usually advised of delays
and status every now and again. I have a nice paralla board
that is pretty awesome.
And this is the hard thing for me to understand. Why does
it take so long?  A lot of people on kickstarter manage to
get custom hardware produced in small batches usually
and if it takes off medium batches. Sure there is a wait
and finding the right partner is hard. And some people
must get ripped off.
But the mining hardware people seem completely unable
to ship hardware.
Someone else on the forum pointed out that the usefulness
of the mining equipment quickly deteriorates over time. 
A miner that seemed like a good investment over 6 months
ago (how long I have been waiting) becomes less and less
of a good investment over time. 12 months from now it might
be too expensive to power given the mining speed.
Now lets say you are a hypothetical mining company with 
no relationship with any real entities. Someone places an 
order for your mining hardware, you get the funds. 
This happens more times and now you have a nice little 
bundle of dollars. You order the equipment, wait and you
get it. You plug it in, start mining. 
Repeat several times and not only are the people sending you
more and more dollars for mining equipment but you are
earning more and more money mining. (Esp since the prices
have been going up for BTC). After 6 months the hardware
you started with is just not paying for itself anymore and 
you start shipping units to early customers.  They are 
finally satisfied.  New orders come in, you buy more advanced
hardware to replace the only units and life goes on.
That would be a good way to make money. 
 
I am one of those waiting for Butterfly Labs equipment.
And have been waiting for many months.
If I was to advise someone 
@_date: 2013-11-16 01:46:30
In June I ordered 3 * (5 GH/s Bitcoin Miner BF0005G). 
When I placed the order they said they were ready to ship.
Since then I have repeatedly contacted Butterly labs for status or
updates. Primarily what I have gotten are form letters promising
that they are shipping them out as soon as they receive them
and are going through their order list. 
That sounded promising for a while, but became less and less credible
as time passed.   At various times during this wait period they have
listed the units as ready to ship on the website.
I found this [link]( on reddit about another guy.  
This gave me some hope. I am outside of the 45 day Windows Paypal usually honors, but 
this guy has gotten help. . I have discovered that Paypal no longer responds to the fraud
email address, and wont open a case to resolve the issue since its outside the Window.
So i hope nobody else will place an order with the company and have to go through the same
thing I did.  I wish I had read my post before I placed my order. That would be difficult
@_date: 2013-11-16 10:52:33
I will certainly update the entry if I receive my items.