@_author: noggin-scratcher
@_date: 2016-08-06 23:45:32
I imagine the price of tokens on the open market would fluctuate against every other currency a bit, but if the token is going to represent a future repayment, then it will be strongly correlated with that currency's real counterpart, so they need to specify *which* currency that payment will be in. 
How you choose to value a promise of future repayment is up to you, but "1BTC to be paid some time in the future" is a fundamentally different promise than "$600 to be paid some time in the future" and since the former is likely to change in value approximately in line with the changing value of one actual bitcoin, I would rather have the latter as a replacement for lost USD - that way I'm not forced to care about the price of BTC unless I make a deliberate trading decision to do so.
If the tokens *don't* represent any specific future repayment then I don't know how you're supposed to establish how much one token is worth. Coming back to the problems of "How many tokens is a fair repayment for a lost bitcoin, or a lost $100?" and "How does the value of a token change when BTC goes into a bubble, or crash?"
@_date: 2016-08-08 09:15:45


Well, sucks for BTC/alt holders to have been force-exited from their currency of choice, but I guess this makes pragmatic sense - if their debt was denominated in BTC then a bubble would quickly make the value to be repaid even more enormous than it already was.


Zane, I have questions:
1. Please confirm: if/when Bitfinex redeems these things, will they *always* be redeemed for $1?  I can understand opening trade in tokens to let people sell their IOU below face value, but I want to know that if it's held until completion that there will be a full repayment; not just redeeming them at the going rate.
2. When there's trade in tokens, will Bitfinex themselves be buying them from people? I don't know how to feel about the idea - letting you extinguish your debt at a discount would be good for your balance sheet (and your ability to pay the rest of us), but also if there's funds to spare on repayment I don't want to be put to the back of the queue by waiting for a *full* repayment.
3. To value these things we *need* to know a schedule for repayment - if it's going to take 10 years then maybe I'd come out better off by selling them cheap and seeking an *actual return* elsewhere to make up the difference (also I don't necessarily feel entirely confident that Bitfinex will still exist in 10 years). Unless of course you plan on paying interest, at a rate equivalent to the general market return on equally risky investments.
@_date: 2016-08-02 22:59:28
Holy shitting fuck.
Never have I so sorely wanted someone to be using that weird-ass "comma as a decimal point" notation.
@_date: 2016-08-02 14:56:28


Alternatively: You can now add "legal" to the list of categories of drugs that you can buy using bitcoin
@_date: 2016-08-08 09:59:48
If (and only if) they publish a reasonable timetable for full repayment, and stick to it, then I'm relatively unconcerned with the possibility of them also settling some of the debt at a discount if people choose to sell their tokens.
Keyword being "reasonable" - there should always be the option of holding out for full repayment, but if the timeframe is too long they'd be implicitly forcing people to sell who need their money back faster.
@_date: 2016-08-11 10:33:15
@_date: 2016-08-03 13:04:36
Hold up, I *distinctly* remember a big announcement post somewhere along the way, saying "We're removing the optional insurance-fund thing because there's never enough funds available in it compared to the sum of the swaps market; instead we're raising the fee on fund providers from 10% to 15% and everyone gets equivalent protection in a by-default / mandatory way"
I *don't* remember that ever being rescinded, and I've definitely never seen the 15% fee come back down. It might not still be *named* "the insurance fund", but was there not still a promise of protection if the trader we funded was unable to pay us back? 
That said... if 'finex turns out to be broke I don't necessarily expect there to be any privileged chunk of assets for that purpose - we'd all just be "people you owe", but still, feels like news if there was no longer anything resembling an insurance fund, even under a different name.
@_date: 2016-08-07 00:03:20
I can't remember whether I said it in a direct reply to you (and I'm on shit mobile internet that would take forever to load the full comment thread to find out) but in [my very recent history]( there's some thoughts about treating tokens as bonds; if you eventually settle on a scheme where they pay back X per month for n months, I hope you'll bear in mind the fact that a revenue stream like that has a lower [present value]( than (X \* n)
So it would not be particularly fair to say "You lost $1000 in the hack, here's a token that pays $100 every month for the next 10 months" - that's not like for like, nor is it of equivalent value.
I mean, it'd be *close*, but it's not the same until you account for the time value of  the money involved.
@_date: 2016-08-05 17:39:46
A suggestion that might relieve some of the "waiting on the edge of our seats": pre-commit to a discrete collection of times when you might reopen, then when you're ready, wait until the next time from the list.
So, for example, specify that when you reopen it'll be at one of (06:00, 12:00, 18:00 or 00:00) so then we only have to check once every 6 hours but can still be sure of being present at the moment of opening.
@_date: 2016-08-10 11:40:00
Can you clarify one point here... I understand that BFX being traded openly will vary in value because such is the nature of supply/demand and markets. 
But if BFX is just *held* "until repaid in full by Bitfinex", will that full repayment be done at the original rate of 1BFX=$1, or are you going to let the going market rate also devalue the rate that Bitfinex pays for BFX?
Edit: It is also of *enormous relevance* to the eventual trading of BFX to know your plans with regards to repaying BFX. If converting them back into USD is a long-term pipe dream then the tokens have a very different present value than if it's going to happen rapidly in the near future.
Edit again: Looks like this question is *partially* answered by [the announcement]( - in that repayment will be for the face value. Still would appreciate knowing what timetable 'finex expects to be able to make repayments on.
@_date: 2016-08-08 08:57:57
Would be another possible model, but I'm hoping it's not the route they take - would rather have a promise to repay *exactly* what was lost, rather than have the "until redeemed in full" clause be subject to a wandering equity valuation.
Plus if they take a rabble of pissed off customers and give them shareholder voting rights, I am not convinced that would be best for their decision making. Can imagine there would be a non trivial contingent voting for "burn it all down", purely out of spite.
Although they did say you might be able to exchange the tokens for shares, so we might yet get that rabble.
Edit: I just read the latest announcement and it appears they've gone with a USD value. Disappointing; I was looking forward to seeing how they handled a combinatorial explosion in the number of trading pairs (for trade between every combination of currencies in both real and IOU form).
@_date: 2016-08-03 11:47:15
I would assume that the limitations (such as preventing you from withdrawing coins that are being used as collateral) are purely imposed by Bitfinex and their site's software, rather than being an intrinsic fact of the universe.
If the hack bypasses that software to steal the underlying bitcoin balance they have stored in your name then ... that just can't be prevented by the interface you usually interact with.
From what they've said it doesn't sound like the hack was "Step 1: Steal user credentials, Step 2: Sign in to user accounts and initiate a withdrawal" - got hit at a level deeper than that.
@_date: 2016-08-04 14:20:58
I think the question was "What if Trader A used USD from MarginProvider X to to buy coins from Trader B, where B was in turn selling coins from MarginProvider Y"
Lot of potential for it to get difficult to resolve exactly who was holding the bag when it got stolen, who owes what to who, and subsequently who gets their money back or takes a loss. That is, assuming it's not going to be a "We have X assets remaining and Y liabilities of which your deposit was Z, everyone gets (Z/Y)\*X" type situation.
Even more difficult in the comments because we don't yet know The Plan for settling it all out, we're speculating wildly between different theories of how the arrangements work.
But like you've been telling everyone, that announcement is coming soon.
@_date: 2016-08-02 22:19:25
Fair point, but there's no mildly-humorous way to transpose OP's words into "now there's another site where you can buy shit with bitcoin"
I'm really just here for the wordplay.
@_date: 2016-08-06 18:26:16
If the token has no denomination, how do you know you've been given enough of it to replace the amount of funds lost?
Needs to be at least notionally pegged to some amount of real stuff that finex is going to pay you back for it. Otherwise if it's free floating against everything they become incentivised to devalue it, so that it's easier to pay back.
Hell, a trade in tokens would make a lot of sense (to allow those that want out to get out, by offering their tokens at a discounted rate) but I have to note that also offers 'finex the opportunity to extinguish some of their debt at that same discount. Not that that's a bad thing - equivalent to negotiating a settlement.
@_date: 2016-08-06 18:19:44
Given that my loss in this will be an amount of USD from the margin funding side of things, I would really rather be given a token representing USD, so as not be forced into a sudden and substantial amount of exposure to BTC. Especially since this announcement and its eventual implementation will probably make some waves in the USD/BTC rate... 
But, of course, I imagine BTC holders (and LTC, and ETH, and so on) will have similar feelings about their asset of choice.
Best solution seems to be as many "flavours" of BFX token as there are currencies being haircut. Issue everyone enough pretend money to bring their balance back to what it was, then work on filling in the gaps with real money. Ideally with trade in tokens mirroring the trade in the real thing, so that anyone wanting to be in/out of a particular currency isn't held hostage by their token type.
Hmm, there's not a chance in hell that anyone's going to want margin funding denominated in BFX-bucks, is there? 
@_date: 2016-08-03 23:33:41
I think [this series of comments from Zane]( covers that.
tl;dr: the assurance given to margin providers was "If volatility eats traders alive, 15% fees gives 'finex enough profit to feel confident that they can manage the risks, cover the losses, and make you whole". But the loss from a hack is on a whole different scale to anything you'd see from volatility, so shit might be fucked.
@_date: 2016-04-25 09:45:45
I remember one on the way down too, when the April '13 bubble was crashing, saying "I REGRET NOTHING"
@_date: 2016-08-11 10:19:29
@_date: 2017-12-19 12:06:50
Technically an inefficient decision - hold for a little longer and you could have bought yourself an *army* of tiny widdle cutie patooties.
@_date: 2017-12-08 19:16:45
 "Well thenâ€¦" says Chen Sheng.
@_date: 2015-12-04 11:54:23


I've been on there for a while, and the returns were substantially higher before the market came down with a case of Permanent Bear Market Syndrome. But moving money out to wait for better rates is slow and friction-prone and I suspect there's an inertia to it - low rates for long enough will see people leaving, but there's a time-lag.
Although even now, the occasional infrequent spikes up to much higher rates have an outsized impact on the overall return, if you're able to catch them while they're there. *Almost* all swaps taken at 0.75% close within hours, but if just one goes the full 30 days it drags your average up a fair bit.
@_date: 2015-06-30 16:38:03
If I ask a crowd to place bets on the outcome of a coinflip in a zero-sum manner where the winning 'side' collects and shares the stake of the losers, and then 95% of them bet on heads, you would be *mad* not to bet on tails. Hence the market reaction should reflect the true odds. 
That said, you may have a point if we extend the analogy to include differing payoffs; a game with a 50% chance of total loss vs a 50% chance of a modest gain *would* skew the profile. But even still, under ideal conditions the market ought to reflect the product of the odds and payoff, not dive into an excess reaction. 
After all, if everyone around you is saying "I don't want to be a bagholder", then there will be statistically expected profits to be made from saying "I will take a calculated risk of becoming a bagholder" - if it pays off 50% of the time and you get disproportionally large gains because everyone else was too busy being irrational to do the same, then that's a perfectly good strategy.
@_date: 2015-06-30 09:16:42
Future events can only be priced in to the extent that they are certain to happen - if the odds are 50% you would expect approximately 50% of the effect on the market to have happened.
There's a *shit-ton* of uncertainty about what happens next. The outcome of the Greek referendum is uncertain, the response from their creditors is uncertain, exactly *how* an exit from the eurozone would be handled is uncertain.
Anyone who can successfully price all of that into their position would have to be a precognitive. The closest you're going to get is making a ton of speculative assumptions and pricing *that* in, rather than actual-reality (as is normal; but the quality of predictions right now is probably going to be low)
@_date: 2015-06-30 14:48:45
Speaking as a Brit, the Daily Mail is a shitrag of the highest order, known to make stuff up wholesale if it makes a good headline. 
They're *big* because crappy tabloids full of celebrity gossip and "Look at the skimpy outfit this semi-famous woman wore" attracts eyeballs, not because of their integrity or the quality of their journalism.
@_date: 2015-06-30 16:30:42
I'll accept that the aggregate state of the market will reflect the best possible prediction, because if it didn't then anyone with a better prediction would be able to take advantage... but that's still going to reflect a probability, and hence an incomplete "pricing in".
If the market reacted as if something were completely certain when it wasn't yet, then there'd be a positive expected value to the contrarian position.
@_date: 2015-06-17 10:35:28
Yeah, but the correlation of correlation with causation doesn't imply causation of correlation by causation.
Or maybe it does, I don't know, the philosophy of causation is complex and I really just wanted to make a confusing sentence.
@_date: 2015-06-17 02:37:29
You've reminded me of a story... not a *relevant* story, almost certainly not even a *true* story, but an entertaining one nonetheless. 
About a gentleman who took out insurance on some expensive cigars, including coverage against loss in a fire, then smoked them and claimed on the insurance for "a series of tiny fires". The insurance company consult their lawyers, find that the policy is poorly worded and doesn't prevent that, decide to pay out, then sue the guy for arson.
@_date: 2014-06-14 16:08:11
Nah, I was taking a crack at the endless supply of "ermagerd, ghash is at 51% guys, somebody do something!" posts. Those same people who don't understand game theory and think the problem can be solved just be encouraging people to make more altruistic choices instead of the individually-rational option that leads into this situation.
To be fair, it sounds like enough miners *actually have* switched elsewhere to take ghash back down to the low 40s. Still not great, but better. But it does still seem like it takes a big obvious crisis moment to motivate anyone to do so.
@_date: 2014-09-11 13:31:26
Very true; the difference between "paying" and "being charged" is subtle but significant.
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:23:24
I'm not familiar with the story, but at first sight that sounds like an attempt at arbitrage under the assumption that Gox were going to eventually stage a comeback.
Obviously it didn't pay off, but if they'd done the risk/reward maths and decided it was something they wanted to go for... no sense crying over bets gone bad so long as you know you're gambling and approximately know the odds.
@_date: 2014-01-14 11:03:49
wallet.dat contains your key(s), which are just really *really* big numbers stored as strings of binary. The weird characters are what you get if you interpret that string as ASCII or Unicode, or whatever text encoding Notepad defaults to, instead of as a number.
The wallet file may also be encrypted, which would turn *any file* into nonsense characters for more or less the same reason.
@_date: 2014-06-24 20:26:30
1) May depend on what country you're in, I don't know of anywhere but I only know about the UK.
2) Any payment method that has the possibility of chargebacks or other measures to reclaim fraudulent payments will be subject to scrutiny and quite possibly ID requirements to prove it was definitely you who initiated payment. Sellers protecting themselves from fraud is why buying is difficult - once they hand over bitcoin they have no way to reclaim it if your payment were to be reversed.
3) Whatever you do, don't try to buy from anywhere without a respectable reputation just because they're the only ones you can find who will accept a card payment - that's a fast way to get scammed.
@_date: 2014-06-09 17:24:41
Posted this elsewhere before but I think it fits...
Imagine you want to try and execute a double spend (spend the same coins twice). To do so you need to do the following:
1. Spend some coins
2. Wait for however many confirmations the receiving party demands (1, 3, 6, whatever)
3. Receive goods in return
4. Mine and release a new chain that sends those coins somewhere different (another address under your control), and is longer than the previous main chain.
If you manage that, then the transaction you used to pay for the goods has unhappened - you have your coins back because the longest chain is the authoritative copy, and it now says that you never sent anything to the merchant.
The *whole point* of mining, with all the proof-of-work and pointless effort is to make Step 4 excessively difficult, by requiring you to spend computing time on mining. If you try and execute a double-spend on your own then the rest of the network mining on the main chain will make it grow faster than your 'new' chain and you won't ever catch up.
But you only need to get ahead by one block at one time (then everyone switches to mining your chain), so if you have a significant fraction of the total hashpower being used in mining, then you gain the ability to double-spend with some probability of success - the more hashpower you have, the better your odds of running up a new longest chain by getting ahead of the main chain temporarily. But with less than 50% hashpower you're relying on a stroke of good luck because, on average, the rest of the network is still faster than you are. 
6 confirmations was arbitrarily chosen as the default for "safe enough" because it gives an attacker with 10% of the hashpower odds of 0.1% of succeeding by mining 6 blocks faster than the rest of the network.
With anything *over* 50% of the network mining your chain for you, then statistically speaking you *will* eventually out-race the rest of the network and succeed in double-spending, even if it takes a long time.
@_date: 2014-02-10 17:00:52
Just tell us, we'll pass it along.
@_date: 2014-07-19 20:42:54
If you're looking for a clear explanation of *how it works* then the following is one I've posted before and been told it helped people 'get it'. Doesn't really cover the specifics of what you can do with it or why it might be important though. Anyway, incoming copy/paste:
I'll try and work through this in steps so you can see the logic.
Goal: We want to exchange value between ourselves without having to trust a 3rd party to mediate the transaction or a government to guarantee the value of what we exchange.
First attempt at a solution: We keep a ledger (a book of accounts), we each have an entry in the ledger where our balance is written down, and if we want to send money to each other we go to the book and write down "-1 from me, +1 to you" to show that I sent you 1 unit of currency.
Problem: This requires a central ledger; we want this to go global so we don't want to rely on one book stored in one place. Besides, whoever stores the book is now a 3rd party that we have to trust not to change the balances when we're not looking.
Solution: Everyone stores their own copy of the ledger, every transaction is broadcast to everyone so they can independently check that the transaction is valid and update their own records accordingly.
Problem: We need to make sure that only the rightful owner of some funds can create a transaction spending them.
Solution: Cryptography - every entry in the book has a private key that must be used to spend those funds. If crypto is a mystery to you I'm not going to try and explain it here, but it's essentially guaranteed security so long as you keep your key secret.
Problem: Now that everyone has a separate copy of the book, what do we do if two people disagree about what it should say? Someone could be deliberately confusing and try to spend their money twice (which would defeat the whole point of the system) by sending out two conflicting transaction messages at the same time to different groups of people.
Solution: Don't trust a simple transaction message, a third party has to vet your transaction and write it in the book for you. We don't have to trust those third parties because everyone is watching to make sure they follow the rules (if they didn't, we all wouldn't accept the new balances as real), and the crypto means they can't put anything in the book that you didn't authorise first.
Transactions are gathered up into *blocks* that are all collectively authorised together, and each block names another earlier block as its source for how the balances started out. These form the *blockchain*. Anyone can check the blocks in sequence and make sure there's no conflicting transactions trying to spend the same coins twice or spend coins they don't own - if there are, they don't accept the block that added the conflict or add to the chain in front of it - instead they go back and use an earlier block as their starting point for a new one.
Being included in a block is now what makes a transaction 'official', and you can't have conflicting transactions in the same chain, preventing any mischief with simultaneous conflicting transaction messages. So long as we all look at the same blockchain, this achieves *consensus* (which is the formal name for the problem at hand).
Problem: We still might have conflicts we need to resolve - if we start with a historical block A, we could have two new blocks (B and C), both naming A as their starting point, and each containing a different transaction trying to send the same funds to different places. We need a way to decide which one 'really' happened and which one to ignore. In other words, it's possible to have a fork in the chain, with each side of the fork being internally consistent, but incompatible with each other, and we need to reach consensus about which one we treat as authoritative.
Solution: wait for another block to come out, adding onto one side of the split. Only trust, and only add to, the *longest chain*. This will occasionally create 'orphan blocks' where a fork resolved itself by one side being invalidated. But the transactions that went into the 'dead' side of the chain (and have now gone back to being unconfirmed) are still around to be included again in the live chain.
Problem: A determined attacker can still dupe the system - they send out a transaction spending some funds and include it in a block to make it "confirmed", they receive some goods in exchange, and then they quickly write up 2 new blocks that spend their funds somewhere else (or send it to a different address they control). Now the longest chain says they still have their money *and* they got their goods.
Solution: Make it difficult to add blocks. Instead of letting someone just write down a block whenever they feel like it, demand that they *prove* that they did a lot of difficult computational *work*. In this case, brute-forcing the SHA256 hash (again, if that's mysterious, not going to attempt to explain the details).
It's completely pointless busywork that produces no particularly useful results, but the important thing is that it's time-consuming, impossible to work out the answer to in advance (because it depends on the contents of the block), and it's possible to prove that you did it by producing a result you couldn't have obtained except by doing all the grunt-work.
Now you can't just "quickly write up 2 new blocks" because everyone else combined is doing that work quicker than you are, so they'll write more blocks on top of your transaction before you can make a new longest chain. 
Actually it's slightly possible that you might get lucky if you control a *lot* of computing power (there's an element of chance to the work so you might get ahead of everyone by fluke), so it's recommended to wait for 6 blocks on top before you *really* trust a transaction (although for most purposes, 1 is enough - if you're just buying a coffee then the cost of an attack would be higher than the cost of the transaction).
Problem: Now confirming transactions takes a whole lot of computing time, so our helpful third parties have to pay for expensive computers and a lot of electricity, which is really a lot to ask.
Solution: Pay them for their trouble with newly minted currency - the rules say you're allowed to insert one transaction per block with no source, paying yourself a fixed amount of new coins. But we don't want to grow the supply forever because &lt;*insert economic justifications here*&gt; so we'll gradually taper off how much you get per block (if you try to give yourself too much then your block is invalid), and hope that by the time it shrinks away there will be enough people using the system that we can pay the miners by adding a negligible fee to most transactions.
@_date: 2014-11-12 00:00:42


They still do that. I've even seen fake escrow pages for sites that *don't offer escrow*.
Also fake couriers so that they can give you a "tracking number" as "proof of postage" and ask you to release funds.
And endless endless fake Paypal login pages for obvious reasons.
Oh, and fake document hosts (Google Docs, Dropbox, or generic imitation versions) that ask you to login with your existing webmail username/password to "see the document".
Oh the endless creativity of it...
@_date: 2014-06-27 02:29:32
If your brainwallet has an easily guessed passphrase, it's only a matter of time before *someone* steals it. Better it be the guy who's at least willing/trying to return the coins than anyone else.
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:17:52
Magic The Gathering *Online* Exchange.
As in, an exchange for MTG:O, the online version of Magic The Gathering. I believe it was intended for trading electronic "cards" rather than cardboard.
@_date: 2014-05-01 09:35:10


Bad idea. Private keys need to be secret and you leave traces of your DNA all over the place, just waiting for someone to come along and swab so that they can impersonate you (presumably not in person, but if we're using it as absolute proof of identity there's got to be some mischief they could cause). 
Keys should also be easily revocable if they become compromised... good luck issuing yourself with new DNA.
@_date: 2014-02-14 02:43:33
Drug dealers aren't a major part of the infrastructure supporting the dollar, or anyone's main way of obtaining dollars. The exchanges *are* pretty vital to Bitcoin and one of them (one of the oldest and biggest, at that) doing the slow-mo "Go down in flames" act is a major event.
@_date: 2014-07-29 15:26:49
Add a strategically placed colon and it works fine.
@_date: 2014-02-11 17:11:54
I meant what *method*.
Cash in hand? Bank transfer? Paypal? ^(god forbid...)
@_date: 2014-02-13 14:23:50
When you look at Gox and see a balance, those are GoxBTC, which exist as a number in their database. When you successfully withdraw them, they become real BTC. 
Whether every single GoxBTC is truly backed by a real one, and whether every GoxBTC will eventually be redeemable for a real one are matters of speculation, and currently the market appears to be collectively estimating the odds at around 76%
@_date: 2014-03-26 23:54:59
You could make the search space for a physical key infeasibly large - write down co-ordinates for a random point on the Earth's surface and pair it with a key to a buried box. Or a numbered but otherwise nondescript key for a safety deposit box with an unknown bank (selected at random from all the banks in all the world), with no identification of *which* bank attached.
All it proves is that a blockchain is a better-designed lockbox.
@_date: 2014-01-07 14:11:35


I believe the UK allows you to use previous years losses to set against current years gains (within limits - you can only go back so far), but you have to have reported the loss to do so.
@_date: 2014-10-03 14:20:12
Consent can be withdrawn at any time, this wouldn't be proof that the entirety of an encounter was consensual, just that it started out that way.
Unless your plan is to have people make further signed statements during sex, to confirm their continued consent.
@_date: 2014-09-15 09:41:54
Maybe not, but it's kinda cool.
And if you replace "a friend" with "some random merchant" and "bar tab/coffee" with "goods", it **is** a potentially useful new thing to be able to pay someone for a small purchase even when you don't necessarily trust them with the information they would need to charge you repeatedly.
@_date: 2014-10-12 18:14:08
All coins are stored as a balance attached to an address in the public blockchain. "Wallet" is a bit of a misnomer as what a wallet actually does is more akin to a keychain - stores a bunch of keys that allow you to *spend* your coins.
Think of addresses like an enormous wall covered with doors for secure postboxes - you need the key to unlock the box and spend the contents but you can push some coins through a slot into any box you like... even one that no-one has a key to (but in most cases that would be a mistake)
Keeping your keys offline won't impede anyone else's ability to send coins to your address. In order to spend the funds you have to use the key to broadcast a transaction, at which point it's no longer an offline wallet... kind of a single-use deal.
@_date: 2014-01-13 21:48:39
Of course. I'm not calling for any legal challenge, I just think they're being illogical/short-sighted about it.
@_date: 2014-11-20 21:37:36
Financial collapse -&gt; total economic collapse -&gt; societal collapse
It's a natural progression of increasingly collapse-y scenarios... and with the degree to which things are interconnected, and made fragile for the sake of efficiency, it seems like it wouldn't be crazy-farfetched for one to lead to the next.
@_date: 2014-11-19 12:25:15


Technically cream, but there are variations using milk.
@_date: 2014-02-21 23:09:38
Hopefully not a new exchange. Enthusiasm is all well and good, but if you're going to try and get through the gauntlet of regulatory hurdles and security hardening... you really want to have the backing of Serious Money behind you. One man in his garage can do amazing things but opening an exchange isn't a problem you can solve through sheer technical brilliance.
@_date: 2014-02-02 01:18:04
"Privacy address" would probably be bastardised to "Private address" and then it's going to create confusion against "Private key" (in that you would have a Private and Public key, and a Private and Public address, but "Private" means entirely different things in those two spheres)
@_date: 2014-06-29 19:57:05


... and most of 'em are full of shit.
@_date: 2014-01-31 16:35:28
If you define bitcoin to be "not money", then when you buy the other party in that trade "disappears with your money".
Of course there's a widespread assumption that you'll be able to trade back later... that's sort of the point.
@_date: 2014-10-31 18:15:50
One thing that's sometimes important is whether *coins*, specifically, are legal tender. If you're pissed off at some service provider - the government, your bank, a utility company, whatever... the option is open to waste a ton of their time by paying a bill in pennies because that's "settling a debt", whereas if you walk into a supermarket and try to pay in pennies they have the right to refuse.
But some jurisdictions define legal tender for coins as only being valid up to a certain amount, to limit that sort of shenanigans and restore the right to refuse payment in small change even for a pre-existing debt.
@_date: 2014-02-17 23:47:24
One line advice: Stay away. Do not send them money if you want to be sure of ever seeing it again in any form.
Current state is that withdrawals of bitcoin are closed and withdrawals of fiat are as severely delayed/restricted as they've ever been (I assume you're at least up that far on news?). They say they have a fix to the technical issue that pushed them to *close* BTC withdrawals, but there's no further update on the situation due until Thursday. Even then, they're talking about having withdrawals happen "at a moderated pace" with daily/monthly limits (not clear whether that's per-user or site-wide limits)
Speculation is that they might be stalling for time to fend off accusations of insolvency, having lost fiat to government seizure way back in the day and lost bitcoin to a 'transaction malleability' based hack born out of their own poor code hygiene and customer support practices. 
They've been trying to blame their problems on the bitcoin protocol and the core devs, which is just scummy, and the massive price difference between Gox and *every other exchange* is a measure of the widespread lack of trust in Gox right now. I don't know what odds I'd offer on them being insolvent but it wouldn't *shock* me if the next big news item was that they'd gone bankrupt.
@_date: 2014-12-01 01:05:58
[From their own website](


So... we're both right.
Anyway, I think there are three separate niches there - "Fast, free, unlimited quantity; pick 2"
BACS =&gt; Free and unlimited, but (comparatively) slow  
CHAPS =&gt; Fast and unlimited, but a fee is charged  
Faster Payments =&gt; Fast and free, but not unlimited.
@_date: 2014-06-28 18:41:49
Got one of these too. Didn't give over anything identifying though. 
Someone "wants to send me coins", they can have a zero-balance address with no connection to anything and do whatever they want with that, just on the remote off-chance that I'm actually (finally) being rewarded for my contributions.
But handing over an email... nah. 
@_date: 2014-06-14 00:01:48
***Or***, bear with me here, *or* we could continue to use dozens of Reddit posts to shout at nameless people, in the hope that it'll spontaneously jump us out of this particular Nash equilibrium.
Just a few more posts should do it.
@_date: 2014-01-23 01:56:47
I simultaneously hate and love to do this, and I'm not convinced you're not deliberately setting it up for this, but... 
"Borough" is the word for an administrative division in certain countries (primarily the UK) - smaller than a state or county, and coming from the old Germanic word 'burg' meaning 'fort' (as seen in various place names - Hamburg, Luxembourg, Edinburgh etc)
The somewhat similarly pronounced "burrow" is the thing a tick might do in your eye.
@_date: 2014-10-12 18:10:57
Depends how much people want to advertise on human-billboards in your area, and how much competition there is from other people wanting to be that billboard. But their FAQ recommends setting your rate to $5/day initially.
So... not a lot.
@_date: 2014-02-05 21:04:18
No worries, easily done.
@_date: 2014-01-12 14:46:08
You spelled "except" as "expect", and "informations" isn't a word. See me after class.
@_date: 2014-09-03 10:28:22
Not what I said. I sense the need to spell this out in words of only one syllable. Sadly "syllable" has more than one syllable, but I'll do my best.
Secure vault: A-OK, nothing problematic about that. Notably *not actually a bank*, which is all I really need to establish here to rebut the "lol bitcoin user needed a bank" thing. Charging people to guard their stuff isn't "banking".
Simple 'deposits in, loans out' banking: Minimal definition of a "bank". Fairly uncontroversial. 
"High finance", with all the excesses of the current system: people might have a few legitimate complaints against "the banks" for that.
To reiterate, opposition to banks because of the shit they pull in category  doesn't make you a hypocrite for simultaneously using the services of category 
@_date: 2014-06-27 09:28:45


*How?*, and *To who?*
All you have is an anonymous bitcoin address that you've found is insecure, there's no way to map that to a real-world ID or contact details. As for 'report it'... there's no central bitcoin authority to report it to.


No guarantee, maybe, but I'm almost certain that there are thieves running the same sort of bot and that they would eventually find the same wallets as he does. This isn't like picking a lock, so much as noticing that someone's door is wide open.
@_date: 2014-02-22 00:15:00
As I see it, it doesn't offer much advantage over physical cash for walking around spending money. From the vendor side it probably beats credit cards (if the value were stable and we had some ease-of-use improvements then definitely), but a dollar bill with the force of the US government behind it (or Euro/Pound/Yen/whatever, physical fiat cash generally)is fundamentally a *pretty good* value token.
Where bitcoin comes into its own is online, where maybe you're dealing with sellers that you don't trust enough to want to share details that can be used to charge you repeatedly. You still have to trust them enough that you're willing to send them cash, but there are reputation systems for that and it's easier to be comfortable with "At worst I'm out by $10" than "At worst I'm going to spend the next 6 months trying to reclaim my identity from foreign thieves while fighting a slate of fraudulent charges and arguing with Visa about who's fault this all is".
So it could open up online trade in a significant way. So far drug dealers have been the main beneficiaries of online payments with limited trust involved, but there are other businesses imaginable with bitcoin that would either not exist or have a harder time of it if they had to accept credit cards. 
@_date: 2014-08-05 23:28:22


["By the third trimester, there will be hundreds of babies inside you"](
@_date: 2014-08-07 13:32:36
Or more or less exactly the same, for those who feel like they missed out on the rush and want to get in on the ground floor of a bungalow.
@_date: 2014-02-04 15:15:07


Anyone able to confirm whether this has happened?
@_date: 2014-02-14 03:31:21
Withdrawals are closed and their solvency is in question.
Any money you send into MtGox right now, be mentally prepared to never see again. (Or, yknow, *don't* send money into Gox)
@_date: 2014-01-13 12:22:30
One nitpick because it's something that bugs me wherever I see it - your "What I want to learn" section (with the four grey boxes) is a prime example of "mystery meat" web design. I don't see what purpose it serves to have the contents hidden until I wiggle my mouse at them, and anyone navigating without a mouse to hover over stuff (mobile/tablet browsers) will only ever see the grey boxes.
Whilst I'm picking nits, your title is occasionally unreadable because of the banner image behind it (the 4th one of the 5 choices is the worst) - white text on grayscale photos only works if the selection of photos all have a reasonable block of dark pixels under the text.
@_date: 2014-06-03 22:50:02
Angst is that particular kind of impotent rage that teenagers get about how unfairly they're treated and how terrible life is to them, not always but often paired with a limited-or-nonexistent awareness of the very real possibility that someone with more life experience has useful lessons to teach them, or that they're actually not yet "playing on the highest difficulty setting".
Also "existential angst" is a phrase in philosophy, which is a kind of dread/anxiety felt in response to the realisation that death is inevitable and life is ultimately pointless, and yet that we also crave purpose and meaning. Or possibly the fear of the unknown that comes from the unlimited options we have available.
In either case, 'fear' or 'anger' would suggest that there's something you can resolve to *do about it*, whereas angst comes out of situations where you can't really change the facts of the matter to make the situation any better.
@_date: 2014-06-07 10:27:05
That is the only way to succeed at gambling. Well done.
@_date: 2014-04-28 13:21:40
"Hashes per second" as a measure of mining speed applies to trying different nonces in the block header, and hashing that header to try and get below the target value.
That would come *after* constructing the contents of the block. So including more transactions does make a little extra work, but it doesn't add extra work to each hash attempt.
@_date: 2014-06-30 15:08:50
Site says "We [...] support UK Faster Payment deposits."
Do you also support withdrawals?
@_date: 2014-02-15 01:22:56
So you're saying someone needs to repay the favour and buy Gox?
@_date: 2014-09-14 22:58:56
Not convinced that's really *only* with bitcoin - the actual proof comes from standard crypto techniques. 
The involvement of the blockchain to link a timestamp to your document hash is nice but not fundamentally different from having it published by any other means.
@_date: 2014-07-01 10:23:03
So, reading the plot summary... I have one question - the kid at the end appears to have *aged physically* to a significant degree, and I have no guess at what kind of consistent principle would mean that anaesthetised travellers don't age while in transit but conscious ones do, unless insanity can in itself cause those symptoms of aging.
Also if he is going to physically age in the process, a near-eternity of that should probably do a lot more than just whiten his hair and yellow his eyes...
@_date: 2014-02-05 12:10:47


Or install [MediaHint]( (browser extension for Chrome/Firefox that silently bypasses certain country restrictions). 
It's good 'n useful, and they accept bitcoin donations.
@_date: 2014-02-13 14:31:50
Yeah... I don't know more than any other fool on the internet. Thought your question was a level more basic than it turned out to be.
From what I gather, the potential exists for some malicious party to have been slowly bleeding BTC out of Gox for some time, leaving their records inconsistent to the point where it may take some work before even Gox knows how many coins they really have now.
So I wouldn't go near 'em.
@_date: 2014-11-23 23:12:48
Huh, I guess "who can generate the most keys" would be a *kind* of proof of work. Having it dependent on the contents of the block has its advantages though - not being able to pre-generate or re-use your proof, for example.
@_date: 2014-08-22 10:32:01
To add to the other descriptions: on a linear scale, moving a certain distance along the axis always *adds* the same amount to the value, whereas on a log scale moving a fixed distance always *multiplies* by the same amount.
One trouble I had for a while was figuring out what happens between tick-marks. On a linear chart, you'd get evenly spaced ticks for $200, $300 (etc) between $100 and $1000, but on a log scale those aren't "equal distances". 
Halfway between $100 and $1000 you need to have an amount that's the same multiplier away from each end, which turns out to be ~$316 (100 \* 3.16 = 316, 316 \* 3.16 = ... well 999.28, but near enough 1000)
@_date: 2014-11-17 01:53:20
Now if only there were a foolproof way of identifying people who are sufficiently incorruptible to stay benevolent and not turn self-serving... ideally *before* we hand over supreme power.
@_date: 2014-02-10 12:57:16


I could understand calling them inept, stupid, incompetent, idiotic, developmentally unfortunate, or borderline-criminal... but if there's anything MtGox *aren't*, it's new.
@_date: 2014-07-31 12:37:29


Doesn't sound like that stops them.
@_date: 2014-03-30 21:23:05
@_date: 2014-09-30 12:23:50


I can understand why there would be benefits to buying some useful/synergistic other business to bring them "in-house", I am less clear on what the downsides are; what the advantage is for them in being two separate companies.
Is it primarily a branding thing, or am I missing a trick? Seems like if everyone were on the same page about it you could just run a division of MegaCorp as if it were a separate business...
@_date: 2014-05-23 10:42:26
1 bit = 100 satoshi (so that if you talk in bits, amounts can only have 2 decimal places)
Therefore also, 1 million bits = 1 bitcoin, and 1 thousand bits = 1 mBTC
@_date: 2014-06-27 14:15:23
Sounds like a recipe for buyer's remorse - "Oh shit, no-one else was willing to pay this much, I must have over-estimated how much these things are worth"
@_date: 2014-03-07 11:43:02
The original problem was measuring the volume of coins moving in a given period - you could just count raw transaction volume, but that's easily inflated by sending coins back and forward between two addresses in a loop.
By counting 'days destroyed' you make the result impervious to that kind of trickery because you can only 'destroy' each day of age once. 
It does however also add undue extra weight to any movement of very old coins, but that's sometimes significant in itself - if coins that haven't moved in years suddenly come alive again, it may be some whale or early adopter preparing to make a big purchase or cash out.
@_date: 2014-06-04 15:42:45
Reason 1: There's money in it.
There is no reason 2.
@_date: 2014-07-31 16:27:16
He's quoting imaginary numbers to make a point, it doesn't matter worth a damn *which* currency he talks about. 
It's just easier to pick one to use concrete units rather than talking about 600 "fiat-bucks".
@_date: 2014-02-14 03:21:40
Why on earth would 'hackers', or *anyone*, send coins to Gox to sell for $300 that they can't withdraw, when they could send to Stamp and sell for $550 (if they hurry) in real money?
@_date: 2014-06-28 17:14:16
I've heard a lot of people *speculating* that it might somehow be preferable to have coins that you can prove haven't been involved in the drug trade, or that are easy to prove a legit source for in case "Hey, where did those coins come from" were a relevant question for a tax audit or the like.
I haven't heard anyone citing that as an *actual* issue they've faced.
@_date: 2014-01-09 09:56:04
Interesting idea, can imagine it resulting in a lot of people setting limit bids *juuust* next to market price and hoping someone else will bite the fee for them.
Maybe not *everyone* - fee would have to be pretty high to be more expensive than getting left behind on a significant move, but psychologically it should encourage deep walls and high "friction", which is apparently what they're shooting for.
@_date: 2014-10-21 11:23:41


Dammit... don't know why I hadn't checked that out when I saw the email about 'new banking details'. Foolishly assumed they meant a new bank *in the UK*.
There are other sites (though not exchanges so much as middle-man sites for p2p trade) but it seems like whispering the word bitcoin anywhere within a mile of a bank is enough to get accounts closed down.
@_date: 2014-02-14 18:10:13
So, a bitcoin transaction is made up of a bunch of data, and the protocol says exactly how you're supposed to write it down. Except that to start with, it didn't say *exactly* how to write it down - there was a numeric field where it was equally valid to put down a number, or the same number with some leading zeroes. It wasn't the "amount" field, but imagine writing a cheque for $100 vs $0100 - same quantity, different thing written down.
This was a minor problem because it meant that you could take a valid transaction and insert some extra zeroes and make a new valid transaction with a different hash (a hash is normally designed to change significantly if any of the inputs change even a little, like adding a leading zero). Not a *big* problem; you couldn't change the amount or the recipient or steal any coins just by adding some meaningless zeroes, but in any case the protocol was changed - now you aren't allowed to have the leading zeroes. 
But Gox didn't notice and kept occasionally generating transactions for withdrawals where they tacked on some redundant zeroes. These transactions failed as invalid and they didn't really pay it much mind and just re-sent the coins where necessary. Here comes the problem... it was still possible for someone to look up the failed transaction, *fix the problem* and broadcast it with a new hash. At which point it would be accepted and included in a block.
So those coins leave Gox, but when they look up the transaction they use the hash (instead of looking it up by timestamp/amount/recipient) and see that the original attempt failed, so they credit the coins back to the account that tried to withdraw them. Allowing them to withdraw them again.
So now we have an attack - withdraw coins from Gox and re-deposit them, over and over again until a transaction happens to be invalid because of excess padding. Then fix the transaction and broadcast it to the network so you get your coins. Then go complain to Gox' support that your withdrawal failed so they credit the coins back to your account. Rinse and repeat. Eventually enough coins that Gox think they still have are mysteriously missing and transactions start failing as double-spent. *Then* they notice the problem.
Edit: On a closer look at the wiki, I'm not sure if it's necessarily about leading zeroes, but in general there were data items that *were* included in the hash, but *not* covered by the signature, so that you could tiwddle around those items and have the signature stay valid but change the hash.
@_date: 2014-09-01 13:27:31
For what it's worth, I see nothing wrong with presenting text in columns when you're doing a simple side-by-side comparison on various points.
There's a horrible failure mode of image-heavy infographics where they're not making anything *clearer* by "visualising" it - they're just adding a stack of redundant graphs and illustrations that distract from the actual information presented.
@_date: 2014-02-16 19:11:23


Where does this? I have a vague memory of being surprised to hear that BTC-e does, but I'm not aware of anywhere else that does.
@_date: 2014-03-13 16:47:08
One little moment of WTF - "the â€œkeysâ€ to the cold storage could be compromised and stolen if the hot wallet were penetrated"
That... does not sound like how I thought cold storage worked.
@_date: 2014-01-17 11:30:35
Imagine you've just bought a huge volume of coin at a steep discount... there is immediately an incentive to take some profit by selling at the wonderfully high market price, which of course pushes that price down.
Maybe they don't do that immediately, maybe even they don't do that **ever**. But then... one level of meta-thinking higher, there's people expecting them to do that *eventually*, who want to get out while the going rate is still good. Who will sell. And push the price down.
@_date: 2014-03-09 19:16:39
So far as I can tell he's arguing for a position of admitting that we don't know and therefore shouldn't trust random executables of potentially sketchy origins.
It's too soon to be saying with certainty that it's malicious, but it's also too soon to be saying with certainty that it's *not*.
@_date: 2014-01-23 14:02:51
A standard Sybil attack involves forging identities so that you can take over any system that establishes consensus or reputation through voting (if new identities are easily created, and all treated equally - you can mitigate the effect by having the opinions of 'trusted' names weighted more heavily, and making trust difficult to earn).
Your suggestion is unworkable, one of the reasons for that being that miners aren't identified except by freely available pseudonyms, so a malicious miner could just divide their hash power between several identities that are all secretly the same person, and it would appear to whatever system is assigning different difficulties that they were independent from each other.
It's also problematic to try and set difficulty differently for each person, again because of pseudonyms - as soon as your system publishes a list saying "Only accept blocks from person X if it meets this raised standard of difficulty", they jump ship to a new pseudonym that's still assigned the default difficulty.
@_date: 2014-09-11 18:54:20


Kinda. Sorta. Not really. No.
By taking out insurance you go from having a high chance of nothing happening and a small probability of a large loss (whatever catastrophe you're insuring against) to having a certainty of a small loss (paying the insurance premium) but with the possibility of the large loss removed. You're taking the risk of catastrophe and spreading it out across time and across multiple people.
By placing a bet you go from having a certainty of nothing happening to having a small probability of a big payoff and a large probability of a small loss. Creating and focussing more risk for the chance that it pays out. 
I suppose you could consider an insurance payout to be the same as a bet paying off, but... it's specifically there to cover for a loss you would otherwise have faced, to set you back to zero. The more apt analogy is that *not having insurance* is like opposite-gambling - hoping you save a little money by landing in the high-probability of not suffering a catastrophic loss.
@_date: 2014-01-18 00:52:56
Scaling exchange code to cope with an influx of users beyond the original spec: Also difficult.
@_date: 2014-12-16 14:27:15
Personal bugbear: can we move away from the idea that mining is "solving math problems"? 
*Technically yes*, "What value should this nonce be, for the hash value to be lower than X" is kind of a math problem, but it's not a useful result for any actual use; it just proves you had a computer spinning it's wheels for the requisite amount of time to make creating a block costly. Which is important for the security of the network but ... not really solving a problem in the normal sense where you actually want to *know the answer*.
@_date: 2014-12-04 16:28:23
Except that the protocol doesn't track the movements of individual coins - just the sum of inputs/outputs. 
You could receive a 1btc output from some cache of stolen coins, and then incorporate that into a transaction that sends 100btc divided between 10,000 different people (0.1 each), and there would be precisely nothing to say which of those people received the stolen funds. Not unless you get into absurdities like saying that each of those 0.1 outputs was 1% stolen.
Tracking stolen coins through the blockchain is only tenable when there are very few hops and very little subdivision between when they were verifiably under the control of the original owner, and when they arrive at a destination whose owner you can identify as a potential thief. Once that taint has diffused too widely it's just not worth chasing.
@_date: 2014-12-07 11:15:56


Can you be more specific? ASCII is a numeric representation, but that wouldn't be anything shocking.
@_date: 2014-03-20 17:43:07
Wow, you guys are getting shafted. 
Santander in the UK... 3% interest (minus a Â£2/month fee) on anything from Â£3K to Â£20K in a [current account](
@_date: 2014-06-30 23:32:10
Could you define "the fuck out of"? A cursory look at the site didn't turn up a stated withdrawal fee to compare against and even if it's kinda high it might possibly beat the currency conversion costs and wire fees incurred in the process of getting money out of a USD exchange.
@_date: 2014-12-01 00:40:42
Info for info's sake: in the UK at least, 'direct debit' means a different thing - that would be a recurring payment where you authorise a 3rd party to take money from your account in potentially varying amounts (e.g. utility bills), as opposed to standing orders which are regular payments of a fixed amount, sent without any special authorisation granted to anyone. There's a pile of regulations/guarantees attached to direct debits and only approved 3rd parties can take payment that way.
The equivalent 'direct transfer' methods would be BACS which is supposed to be irreversible without the permission of the payee, but *might* be able to be recalled before it clears if you contact the bank on the day it's sent. 
Or possibly CHAPS which is faster (same day) but typically has a fee attached. Or more likely, 'Faster Payments' which is damn-near instant and supposedly can't be cancelled once initiated, but can only be used for small-value payments (exact limit depends on the banks, typically more than enough for any personal use with the exception of buying a house).
@_date: 2014-11-23 22:03:10
I can generate as many PGP keys as I want, and use each one to pretend to be a distinct/different person. How do we distinguish between *actual* people and fictitious identities that are there to amplify my vote?
@_date: 2014-08-18 17:38:27
"The manipulator" is a fictional entity that can be (and is) used to explain any and all market movements. 
It's like a conspiracy theory - there's no way to firmly disprove the idea that all the ups and downs are part of a plan devised by some very wealthy trader (or cabal of multiple traders), but it's not particularly plausible. It gives people an easy way to think they understand what's going on, which feels like a measure of control in a chaotic environment, so it's a psychologically appealing fantasy.
@_date: 2014-08-26 10:20:56
Well, they're not generic yet, and dictionaries have generally agreed to have their given definitions include "with the Google search engine".
@_date: 2014-11-24 21:48:42
Your question doesn't make a huge amount of sense; if you can't convince anyone to give you dollars, you're unlikely to be able to convince them to give you euros or yen or bitcoin. It's all the same thing - asking people for money and them not wanting to give it to you.
And why would they? You're not collecting for a charity or a "good cause", just for your own financial benefit. You're saying that "a %" might go to a charity, but if that's what I want to get done I can just give money directly to that charity and then I get to pick the organisation and they get 100% of my donation. The only thing you're adding to the process is a self-serving middle-man who's planning on taking a substantial cut of the proceeds.
Maybe you're thinking that your education *is* a good cause... and for you personally I'm sure it is, but a charitable organisation dedicated to helping people pay their tuition costs would be helping *many* people, and almost certainly applying some sort of means-testing and meritocracy to ensure that we're donating to help those who are in some way deserving, not just those who make the loudest noise on social media.
To sum up, the "magic internet money" properties of bitcoin *might* slightly reduce the friction involved in throwing pennies at you, in a way that's not really easy to do with ordinary currency, but you're still not offering anyone a compelling reason to part with their money. Solve that end of things first.
@_date: 2014-11-20 11:24:07
In my head, "hoddle".
Like coddle, or doddle, or toddle, or... there are no other words that end with "oddle". 
Kinda almost rhymes with model, but the oddle ending is somehow just a little bit more quick/clipped.
Oh, and I guess there's [Glen Hoddle]( so basically exactly like that guy's name.
@_date: 2014-05-06 00:31:54
Okay, iterate and improve...
"Competing computers try to guess the 'magic number' to fill in the last box of the information section at the beginning of a block, so that the hash will come out smaller than a target value. 
Lengthy aside to explain hashes because I'm guessing that's the next sticking point: a 'hash function' is a way of summarising some data; you feed in a blob of data and it gives you back a number. Whenever you use the same data you get the same number out, but it's difficult-to-impossible to work backwards to find the right data from a number you want, and changing the data even a little changes the hash entirely unpredictably. 
The more hashes you can try, the better your odds of guessing correctly first. The difficulty is adjusted every so often by making the target value lower, and therefore the acceptable range smaller. All of this serves no real mathematical purpose aside from making it really difficult to run up a 'fake' chain that's longer than the one everyone cares about."
@_date: 2014-07-28 03:28:19
Each market is its own separate thing (where 'market' could mean anything from thousands of people on an exchange to 2 people meeting face to face). Supply and demand within each market will set the price at which it trades.
Markets that are connected to each other by efficient arbitrage will end up trading at the same price - they'll be pushed towards each other by people buying on one market in order to sell on the other, or vice versa. Also trades on any visible market will serve as price signals for trading elsewhere. But a mostly disconnected market (those 2 people face to face, for example) may still end up at some wildly divergent price.
@_date: 2014-07-26 23:37:50
* Payment methods - what options they offer for getting money in and out (which may carry different charges, waiting periods, or otherwise be more/less convenient)
* Currencies traded - both on the fiat side (nice if they trade in your home currency, so you don't have conversion costs when you deposit/withdraw), and the crypto side (the various altcoins)
* Country where they're located - may be important for regulatory reasons, or for the possibility of one day wanting to sue them if they try to do a runner.
* Security measures - hard to know how secure the exchange is internally but 2FA for account authentication is a must-have.
* Volume and liquidity - how likely it is that you'll have anyone to trade with, and how *large* an order you can get filled without losing too much to slippage.
* Transparency vs Anonymity, and reputation generally - reputation is earned for reasons; Bitstamp is widely trusted, BTC-e is "shady as fuck". Not that it can always save you from a good ol' fashioned Goxxing. Although even then, Gox' reputation started to go down the tubes well before they went bust.
* Supported order types - market and limit orders are basic necessities, but do they allow you to set stops, or other more sophisticated types of order?
* Interface - this is hella subjective but Bitstamp turned me off early on because I was sick of clicking between two different pages for "Place an order" and "Cancel an order".
* Additional features - I have the liquidity swap/margin trading system on Bitfinex in mind here, but also any other "extras" they can offer to differentiate themselves.
@_date: 2014-11-10 16:13:04
Sure, it doesn't seem *likely* that it's the case, I'm not trying to argue that it's definitely a bad idea.
But it's not *certain*, and until you have certainty you have risk.
@_date: 2014-05-25 15:48:45
Good point well made, I have precisely zero clue what regulations apply.
@_date: 2014-01-17 23:43:54
Well... you're only going to be able to *continue* claiming that for sales that add up to an amount less/equal to the amount bought over a year ago. Which I think is exactly the intended result - treat them on a first in/first out basis.
The weird part is the idea of having an exemption from Capital Gains Tax in the first place. We don't normally have that in the UK (not even a reduced rate for "long-term" gains, it's all just the one same tax for everything else, with a rate determined by your total income).
@_date: 2014-03-17 17:32:28
You can store the image of each barcode at the time that you scan it (encrypted, preferably). Or if you root your phone it's possible to take a backup of everything.
Or some services will let you create a couple of single-use backup keys to print and store somewhere to allow you to login in a "lost phone" situation.
@_date: 2014-10-01 10:08:14
If the world's got to the point of going full-on/widespread crypto-anarchist, I don't see reaction time based games being the primary use of the meshnet... just sayin'
@_date: 2014-04-01 09:45:04
The 'problem' that consumes all of the time and effort is artificially difficult and more or less meaningless - they're trying to find the right value for a nonce in the header so that the hash comes out to be a low number. The hash is entirely unpredictable so this amounts to guessing nonce values and seeing whether they work out.
That in itself doesn't serve any purpose, but it's necessary to make mining difficult so that no-one can easily run up a new longest chain with their own version of the transaction history written into it. Confirmations are only meaningful because they're difficult to obtain.
@_date: 2014-01-12 15:09:57
Ah, second language. Sorry for being an ass about it, damned if I could write anything lengthy in a foreign language...
@_date: 2014-08-28 23:51:38
The "Hitman Scam" is not a new concept - there are reports of that going back to 2006. Broken english boilerplate messages full of empty threats about how someone's put a hit on you and this is your one chance to live. 
The demand for payment in bitcoin might be new though. So... yay, adoption? (/s)
@_date: 2014-06-14 15:21:58
I... one of us needs to turn on a sarcasm detector, because *we are in complete agreement with each other*, and it feels like you're trying to argue against me.
@_date: 2014-03-26 21:22:26
The piece of paper wasn't worth X, it just happened to contain information that allows you to spend bitcoin with the value of X. The paper is not the bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-06-27 09:40:12


No, but the owner might well thank you for taking steps to secure their property, even if your best option is to put a padlock on the door then wait and hope to see "Mysterious padlocker strikes local house" in the news so you can get in touch with the rightful owner.
Physical analogies aren't perfect (physical security is much simpler - there's almost no way to have something in your possession and also simultaneously easily stolen), but the recurring point is that we're talking about money that was already insecure, easily taken. Best case is that you get lucky and no-one *ever* notices, best case that doesn't rely on unlikely luck (tending towards a 0% chance as time goes on) is that it gets "stolen" by btcrobinhood.
If you start posting to the news about how insecure a particular address is, I *guarantee* that the owner won't see it before a potential thief does, that's just going to result in them being stolen by someone who *won't* be looking to return them.
@_date: 2014-10-10 14:21:33


So is the government. Different departments have classified it in different ways. If memory serves it's property when you talk to the IRS about your gains, but currency when you talk to FinCEN about money laundering and money transmitter licenses.
Then as you go around the world to *other* governments you'll get every response from "Illegal" to "Treated like a foreign currency" to "Can we have a few months to think about it and we'll get back to you?"
@_date: 2014-02-25 13:09:29
Either their poor code hygiene and customer support practices led to them being stolen from on a massive scale, or they've *said* that's what happened as a cover for stealing from their customers on a massive scale.
@_date: 2014-02-11 17:04:15
Whether anyone is interested is going to depend a lot on how exactly you intend to pay for them.
@_date: 2014-07-05 01:46:02


For parts of July 201**3** maybe, in July 2012 the price was just starting to move up out of the $30 to $2 slump. On July 4th... probably around $6 each.
@_date: 2014-07-22 11:51:26
It's more difficult and expensive to deposit cash, so there are fewer buyers.
I suspect it's also the exchange of choice for anyone converting coins to cash from their less-than-legal endeavours. Which would increase the number of sellers.
@_date: 2014-11-14 23:54:28
With so many different tip trigger words, you have to be pretty careful about ever causally mentioning... that bot, who will remain un-named.
@_date: 2014-11-15 18:11:59
This thread seems to be running away with the idea that he's some sort of hero because of the excessive reaction to his shirt. Does he deserve to be raked over the coals and brought to tears? Well, no. But I don't see it as being especially *praiseworthy* either. It's a little bit tasteless and if he'd thought ahead he'd have probably gone with something plain for a moment where he was thrust into the spotlight. 
But now that there's a *fight* over it, everyone flocks to join a "side", and the more heated it gets the more desperate people are to find any way to push the other side down and push their own side up, and they start competing to be the most extreme advocate for their own side because that gets a cheer. So it's not enough that the "offended" reaction was a bit much, no, now the guy has to be a saint and a hero and not just blameless but firmly in the right and anyone who says otherwise is an evil oppressor.
Just... for the love of all that is good, recognise that there does *exist* a reasonable/moderate position of "That was a bit of a poor wardrobe choice; it made some people uncomfortable and you probably could have predicted that. If you're trying to promote some cool science stuff, maybe don't do that as it'll distract from the message?" -- it can be a mistake without him needing to be cast into the pit, and the ensuing discussion doesn't *have* to be a vicious argument where he's either a virtuous crusader or a dirty criminal.
@_date: 2014-04-11 00:20:20
and... that became standard jargon for reasons unrelated to sounding cool by equating money with ammunition?
@_date: 2014-06-06 22:25:44
If it were *exactly* the same software then when a miner looked around for the longest chain to mine from, then they would end up on the same chain. 
To create a fork with the same software I guess you could just define a new genesis block and tell the mining software to use the longest chain rooted from that one instead.
@_date: 2014-04-27 17:31:50


It's not *common* but I've seen places online that add a small fee for paying by credit card rather than debit.
@_date: 2014-05-26 15:00:56


If you reduce the block time then you have to also make mining *easier* so that the same mining pool will be able to crank out more blocks in a given period. 
Security = total hash rate \* time, not the number of blocks generated.
@_date: 2014-02-13 14:25:57


I got that far in the article and just wanted to shout into his face...
 **"THAT IS PART OF YOUR JOB, YOU INCOMPETENT LITTLE WEASEL"**
@_date: 2014-11-20 17:03:44


I think at that point, it's not even about it being *risky* so much as reflecting the fact that society has broken down past the point of attaching any value to tokens, regardless of how good the technology behind them is.
If, as a population, we've abandoned the consensus that dollars (or whatever) are valuable, decided that *currency* in general is no longer worth trading for hard goods, then presumably we've let go of the expectation of being able to trade currency for more goods later. 
We'd be in a full on reversion to a "state of nature" where you hold onto what useful resources you can gather and don't trust to the idea of trading for anything except more/different resources. In that environment, unspent outputs in a consensus-based shared online ledger are pretty much the last thing on your list of priorities.
@_date: 2014-12-07 11:55:40
Ah, I see... yeah, that's pretty bad.
@_date: 2014-02-05 11:01:46


The support desk won't be staffed by the engineers who are fixing the problem (assuming someone actually is fixing it). But if you do contact them... don't expect a response any time this week, they don't have a reputation for speedy service. Or for being particularly useful.
@_date: 2014-09-08 09:37:30
Technically I didn't, and it wouldn't be a criticism if I had; just a comparison in the "only exists because we all agree that they do" axis.
There's lots of things like that - good manners, fashion, laws, national borders... you'll never find a single atom of them in the world (you can try, but it'll be "an atom of the paper on which someone wrote X", or "an atom of the brain of someone who believes in X" rather than an atom **of** X), but ideas can be persuasive.
@_date: 2014-02-05 16:59:13
This is actually good news: just think of how much more new money this means there is yet to come.
@_date: 2014-03-07 02:11:05
It's not a *bad* plan; the population at large are bad at security so an insured deposit with an organisation that takes on the burden of securing it would be a good service to have available. The problem then is in making sure that your 'vault' is absolutely watertight. If you got any major traction/adoption you'd have an enormous target painted on your bank. But so does every exchange I suppose.
The other question is how you make money in this venture - do you charge people a small rate for holding their money as a very very 'old style' bank might have done, or monetise through lending like a modern bank? If the latter, there's trust issues attached to fractional reserve (and I've not thought about it long enough to know whether lending at interest in a fixed-size currency would by necessity imply that someone ends up defaulting). So it could be seen as betraying the principles bitcoin was designed to, but on the other hand I can't see people being keen to sign up for a deposit that costs them money.
@_date: 2014-01-23 02:26:37
"Loose" bugs the living crap out of me. It's my own weird little problem but I can't help but read it as written, at least once. That little internal voice just blunders straight into the trap and tells me that they loosed something, it's distracting...
@_date: 2014-01-23 15:23:00
Yahoo Finance quotes two people with differing opinions - 




@_date: 2014-12-16 12:34:50


When they say "changes to the bitcoin protocol" do they mean "Don't put absolute trust in zero-confirmation transactions" ?
@_date: 2014-03-27 10:24:47
Who said you can't own them? You can prove ownership by signing something with the private key. You just can't prove that you *don't* know the key, or that you *previously* knew a key that you now don't.
@_date: 2014-02-14 03:48:12


Without judgement, it sounds like bitcoin was not the best place you could have put your money - if you want lower odds of loss (albeit with a more limited potential gain)... there are 'traditional' investments that can give you that.
@_date: 2014-01-13 12:50:22
You're just so brimming full of energy and optimism... feels like taking on the role of "Bitter/cynical movie villain kicking a puppy" to tell you that "Creativity" isn't really a field. 
I suspect you're unlikely to get much in the way of free money without either something to offer in exchange or something that differentiates you from the hordes of eager li'l creative types aside from just "Made a website to solicit donations".
@_date: 2014-02-05 12:13:21
Yeah, but not *enough* utility to justify the price tag generated by rarity. 
A thing being scarce can make it more *expensive* without giving it any greater utility. Therefore value and utility are related but not identical.
@_date: 2014-02-27 13:32:30
Imagine your secret is the formula for a straight line on a graph. You can define any straight line by specifying 2 points then drawing a line through them. So you could split the secret into 3 by giving out any 3 different points on the line, and then any 2 would be enough to draw the same line again, giving you a 2-of-3 shared key. Or you could give out 4 points and still require any 2 to find the line.
You can extend the idea to more pieces being needed by using more complex curves that require more points to define their location.
@_date: 2014-09-14 21:15:45
Pay for a friend's bar tab/coffee from another country without exchanging any secret/sensitive information. 
That is, assuming that they're drinking at a cooperative establishment.
@_date: 2014-11-10 15:46:59


*Every* change carries risk until you know *exactly* the effect it will have, and that likely doesn't happen until you've invested time and effort (which costs money) into determining those effects, or possibly even until after you've implemented the change and measured the effects directly after the fact.
Can you say with absolute certainty that adding more options to your business' payment page won't somehow deter a small percentage of people from completing the checkout process? That's a genuine and valid concern - the [paradox of choice]( is a real thing, people *can and do* become confused by extra options and abandon a purchase because of it.
Can you say with absolute certainty that no-one will be 'turned off' from a business that accepts bitcoin because they've gotten the idea into their head that it's 'shady' and everything associated with it is thereby suspect? I don't know about you, but if I saw an ebay seller pushing western union as a payment option (even alongside other options)... after all I've heard about scams using WU I might decide to look elsewhere, *just in case*.
Taking the time and applying the manpower to evaluate the risks, and judge the costs of implementation, and analyse the likely benefits... all of that is itself a cost.
@_date: 2014-05-27 12:40:18
Clickbait title, no real news. Just "Willy report, therefore the bubble was faked and the price is over-inflated by it... or maybe the bubble was fake and therefore the real bubble is yet to come".
Reads like the worst of vague baseless speculation.
@_date: 2014-06-01 12:16:38
Having a single currency takes the tools of monetary policy away from each individual government - they don't get to set their interest rates, and the currency can't change in value relative to their neighbours. That creates tension between the vastly different economic situations of countries like, say, Germany and Greece. There's economic theory about how large a single currency zone can be before those tensions pull it apart, and it's smaller than the eurozone.
Also smaller than the USA, where it works, but *there* you have a strong federal government pushing money around to relieve the tension. Not so in Europe - the EU does collect money from member states and distribute spending back out, but not on the same scale and not without creating active resentment at the idea of "Our money going to pay for them foreigners".
I imagine the US states probably felt somewhat similar about it at some point in history, but there you at least had a political union to define all the states as a single nation and encourage co-operation/discourage "Us and Them" thinking. The EU has yet to unify Europe politically and it could be argued that should have been done *before* launching a shared currency, even if that would have taken a whole lot longer.
@_date: 2014-05-31 23:48:13
@_date: 2014-11-13 00:49:41
"Thank you for registering as a user of cryptocurrencies, a specially trained auditor has been dispatched to your current location to ensure compliance with all applicable tax law. Please remain calm and do not struggle, the inspection process is swift and relatively painless."
@_date: 2014-10-20 10:01:06
Well, there *is* a difference between "I can afford for this money to literally disappear" and "I can afford to have this money tied up in savings for a few years".
@_date: 2014-05-26 14:45:44
Reported to [Netcraft]( (anti-phishing specialists, they publish a feed that the major browsers will use to blacklist the site once it's been confirmed)
@_date: 2014-06-03 22:54:10


Well, technically you could have 90% of traders sharing the profits that come from 10% of traders losing big. But in practice it's more like the other way around.
@_date: 2014-08-18 20:46:31
*Some* orders may be attempts at manipulation, but people talking about "the manipulator" tend to ascribe far more to their actions than just the occasional attempt to fish for stops/margin-calls.
Besides, what I said was that it's difficult to *disprove* the theory - in cases of obvious manipulation attempts you can point to a specific large order as proof, but when there (probably) isn't anything untoward going on you can still speculate to your heart's content about the potential for subtle manipulation through bots placing lots of small orders, and trading alternately in both directions to mask their intent.
Once someone has it in their head that a normal market movement is the result of manipulation, there's really nothing you can point to that will conclusively prove them wrong. That doesn't make them right, it just makes it really difficult to argue with them, because *anything* could, theoretically, be the actions of 'the manipulator'.
@_date: 2014-03-30 17:02:01
In theory, if Gox had never touched customer deposits, the price of bitcoin would be *precisely none of their concern* because they aren't buying or selling it - just providing a venue for other people to buy and sell to each other. That extra $670 comes from some unrelated person being willing to pay more for bitcoin than when you bought yours, not out of Gox's coffers.
To be 'caught out' by a price rise or fall they would have to be dipping into deposits and spending money (USD or BTC) that they weren't able to immediately replace.
@_date: 2014-12-19 22:47:58


True, but if *all* the big miners suddenly went dark, it could take a while to mine (up to) 2016 blocks to get to the next difficulty adjustment. I guess if it were all seriously broken it would be theoretically possible to issue a protocol-changing patch that declared a lower difficulty to take effect.
Would be a quick way to incentivise *someone* to turn their miners back on.
@_date: 2014-05-23 11:21:33
Reported to [Netcraft]( should get it put on the phishing blacklist for most browsers.
@_date: 2014-02-18 00:07:40
Yeah, right now there's no way to take coins out of Gox - you can trade them back and forward and you can put fiat into a long slow queue for a wire transfer out, but bitcoin are stuck.
Money goes in, nothing comes out. Magic!
@_date: 2014-01-15 12:55:02
I have yet to see any faucet that paid out enough to be a more efficient use of time than wandering the streets looking for dropped pennies. I'm also moderately certain that any site claiming to "multiply" bitcoin is just going to steal them instead.
Extra bonus: wandering the streets looking for pennies has zero chance of being either fake, a scam, or a cheap way for spammers to get CAPTCHAs solved. Also doesn't suffer from the coin-dust problem.
@_date: 2014-10-20 11:39:03


A website can be taken down by heavy traffic because it's hosted on just one server with a limited capacity to send/receive traffic - how much capacity the site owner buys depends on how much traffic they're expecting and a sudden unexpected rush of people can overwhelm that allowance and take the site offline, whether because of an attack or because you just got linked from a popular news site (see also "Slashdot effect", "Reddit hug of death", or whatever we used to call it when Digg did the same thing)
The solution there is to spread the load across many servers, and deflect as much of the spam as possible with simple responses (e.g. a static page that can be cached by their ISP instead of something complicated that the server has to generate fresh for each visitor). Which you can do by signing up for a service like Akamai or Cloudflare, who have those multiple servers already well placed around the world.
The bitcoin network is by nature already decentralised - there's no single point you can direct a flood of traffic at that's going to take the network down. Not unless you can flood a significant fraction of nodes all at once, which is going to be *really difficult* to achieve, and even then the other nodes will carry on as best they can.
That being said, there are DoS attacks that don't rely on a flood of traffic - it stands for 'denial of service', so any means of blocking other users will fit the definition. For example you could spew millions of transactions into the network, to the point where miners selecting random transactions to put into blocks are getting like... 99% your stuff, and not much in the way of 'real' transactions. But the system is designed to make that sort of thing costly so that it can't be sustained for long before you run out of resources to keep attacking with - if you want to spew transactions either you need to pay fees, or you need a steady supply of high-priority (old) coins, which is naturally rate-limited.
Or if you had a majority of the hash-power you could deny service by mining endless empty blocks and extending the longest chain faster than anyone else can mine 'real' blocks... but that would also be costly just in sheer electricity bills, and the opportunity cost of the mining fees that you're leaving on the table.
@_date: 2014-11-23 17:36:47
I think my main advice would be a policy of distrusting advice you get from random folks from the internet. 
*Especially* regarding trading decisions, but also just generally. Not to say there's *no-one* dispensing honest advice, but it's best to treat it all with scepticism.
@_date: 2014-05-12 13:58:42
I took the point to be that at least those guys are more aware of it being the case.
@_date: 2014-06-08 17:14:16
I don't understand the logic of sitting and imagining what some other person *might* think, then presenting it as your actual thought. How do you expect to be any better at guessing what people think than anyone else?
The best way to find out what people think is to wait for them to post about it honestly, and you're just getting in the way.
@_date: 2014-12-16 10:46:57


You don't have to redistribute **all** the wealth for it to count. Any system that taxes the rich at a higher rate and provides benefits/services to the poor is going to end up causing some redistribution.
It shouldn't be a dirty word either; some of the strongest economies in the world are the most equal ones, and maintaining that equality requires some work to overcome the natural tendency for money to accumulate and concentrate.
@_date: 2014-10-26 22:56:31
Took me a moment of thinking about it...
* After the system has been running for a while you'll have various little caches of "locked" coins on the main blockchain - coins that were provably locked in order to move them to the sidechain. 
* Each cache will have, as a condition of unlocking it, a demand for proof that the same amount of sidechain-bitcoins has been similarly locked on the sidechain.
* If something goes horribly terribly wrong on the sidechain... what's the worst case? Well, maybe one bad actor becomes able to just straight up invent sidechain-bitcoins out of thin air rather than by moving coins from the main blockchain.
* They can now, at will, claim those locked caches on the main blockchain. Other people will be left 'stranded' on the sidechain, with no locked mainchain-bitcoins available to claim. That *really sucks* for them, but doesn't create any new coins on the mainchain.
* End result: the main blockchain carries on unaffected, but those who chose to knowingly make the risky decision to transfer to a sidechain *might* be screwed over and have the coins they 'moved' stolen from them.
@_date: 2014-04-10 23:52:50
I think he's trying to sound cool by equating money with ammunition. 
Is it working?
@_date: 2014-02-20 16:11:32


Really? Feels like I haven't heard anything *but* that lately.
@_date: 2014-01-28 12:37:18


I think you may have meant proletariat? (Or got auto-corrected maybe). 
Rule by the preliterate would be more like 2000-08
@_date: 2014-01-07 14:08:00
If their play was "run away with all the coins", I imagine they would have been best placed to do that *before* they got such a lousy reputation and everyone started leaving.
Their support is woefully uncommunicative and will take a while to get around to you, but it'll probably get there in the end.
@_date: 2014-09-29 22:07:03
I'm thinking that if you asked people whether they wanted a global communications network before it existed, the response would have been "Meh, I guess that's a neat idea but what would I do with it?" - their existing needs were filled by existing technology. Then it came into existence and people *found* uses for it and then those uses became needs and the whole thing became indispensable.
By analogy, you ask people *now* whether they need a way to transmit value to some random person on the other side of the Earth they'll respond with the same sort of "meh". We have yet to see whether it gets taken up in the same way but I'm trying to say it's not valid to reason from the "meh". We're just not going to know how useful or necessary it turns out to be until after the fact.
@_date: 2014-02-13 14:08:49
They sent transactions that were invalid because of excess padding. A nefarious party could have taken that transaction, fixed the problem (creating a new hash in the process), and broadcasted it.
That would have meant that coins *left* Gox, going to the recipient of the withdrawal, but since Gox was looking up transaction by the hash instead of (timestamp, amount, recipient) they would see a failed transaction and would credit the withdrawn coins back to the account it was issued from. Allowing the owner of that account to withdraw them again.
Rinse and repeat until too many coins are mysteriously missing and transactions start failing as double-spent. 
@_date: 2014-02-12 23:36:33
Is the UK unusual in it being common to be able to transfer funds directly into another person's bank account quickly, easily, and without a fee?
@_date: 2014-02-27 16:19:18
Also the cost of interplanetary shipping on alpaca socks is a *bitch*.
@_date: 2014-01-24 11:35:14
The human brain is very bad at handling very large numbers. 2^256 is an unbelievably large number, more than enough that you'd never be able to explore the full space.
If I may offer up an analogy... imagine each address as a single grain of rice, then consider some numbers:
* The internet tells me there are around 50,000 grains in a 1 kilo bag of rice, this is near enough 2^16 grains.
* All the rice produced in China amounts to 202.6 million metric tons (in 2011, Wikipedia be believed). Each metric ton is 1000 kilos, so we're looking at 2 hundred billion of those bags of rice. This brings us up to around 2^53 grains.
* The mass of the Earth is approximately 6 * 10^24 kilograms (aka 6 septillion kilograms, or 6 million billion billion). If we had the same weight composed entirely of rice that would bring us up to approximately 2^98 grains.
* The mass of the Sun is approximately 2 * 10^30 kg, or 333 thousand times that of the Earth. For all that increase, the number of grains of rice for the same mass would rise to around 2^116
* If we extend out yet again to look at the *entire Milky Way galaxy* then the total mass is approximated at 7*10^11 times that of the Sun. What if we replaced it all with rice? ... somewhere between 2^155 and 2^156 grains
* How about the entire observable universe? Best estimate I can find for the sum of all the mass in all the galaxies of all the space we can see is 3.35*10^54 kg ... wanna guess what that comes to in grains of rice? It's around 2^197
We're still not very close to 2^256, and that's converting effectively All of the mass into rice.
So let's take the volume of the observable universe. 46 billion lightyears in every direction, sweeping out an enormous sphere of  3.5Ã—10^80 cubic metres, and let's fill every inch of it with rice. With techno-magic to prevent it all collapsing into an enormous black hole.
Turning to different sources regarding the mass/density of rice here, so this isn't going to be strictly comparable to the numbers I was using before, but white rice apparently packs 850kg to a cubic metre. So... 850kg * 3.5Ã—10^80 cubic metres * 50,000 grains per kilo gives us... 2^292 grains of rice. 
I've overshot by a bit (actually quite a long way, that's an extra 36 powers of two, 68.7 billion times too much), and to be honest I'm not convinced I've got accurate numbers throughout, but hopefully that's some sort of perspective on the scale involved. That's a lot of rice to sift through.
@_date: 2014-01-21 14:44:22
The open question is whether Bitcoin completes the Napster analogy by being stomped out of existence by lawyers before a newer better method of doing much the same thing takes over and succeeds in its place. Although of course, without a central body to aim at, forcing Bitcoin down would be substantially harder than Napster.
@_date: 2014-01-22 22:33:41
A tic is a small sudden movement.
A tick is a small bloodsucking insect.
You also don't want to be suffering from ticks, but they won't make you wink  :)
@_date: 2014-09-01 00:19:47
You don't need to set it aside from the general question of "How can I earn money" - anything you can do that people would pay you to do, you can either find someone willing to pay in coins or take the cash you earn and use it to *buy* coins.
@_date: 2014-05-25 14:11:08






I feel like these set up an irresolvable little triangle - if you want to buy/sell something (in this case I imagine mostly sell) then you need to either have it on hand or be able to obtain it "to order" in a reasonable time-frame. Unless you're able to get money into Kraken almost-instantly you would need to make a deposit sufficient to cover the amount you expect to sell - then you could buy on-demand throughout the day, while demonstrating the process to any interested parties.
The other difficulty I'm not sure how to solve is that people strolling up to a "Buy bitcoin" stand probably aren't going to have a wallet already set up for you to send to. Meaning you would need to do at least one of the following:
* convince people to trust you to hold their coins until such time as they provide an address to send them on to, and have a reliable way to identify them after they've gone away
* have a way to print a paper wallet on the spot (and a prepared explanation of what exactly a paper wallet is and how it works and how to redeem it) 
* look up a wallet app that people can download onto a smartphone while they're stood there, and if you can manage it maybe provide a wifi hot spot for the purpose.
Would also suggest seeing if you can find a decent-sized monitor, TV screen, or projector display to put up a real-time ticker/price-graph. Would serve as a visual aid and a curiosity to draw in attention.
@_date: 2014-03-26 20:08:32
Paying for the 'service' probably makes it seem more legit - if it was a free service there would be the nagging question of what *they* get out of providing it, whereas after having paid you might feel like they wouldn't risk their "providing a service" business by engaging in theft on the side.
@_date: 2014-08-26 09:22:38
Wouldn't that also be the point in time when your trademark becomes generic? 
Not that it's necessarily a bad thing; seems to have worked out fine for Jaffa Cakes.
@_date: 2014-02-03 23:25:56
Insider Trading would be if you used private information from inside a company to decide what trades to make before the information becomes publicly known. Or if you were able to affect the stock price by your own actions in the company and traded on that basis ahead of time.
Maybe you see an earnings report being drawn up before it goes out 'live', and therefore realise the company's stock is going to get a boost (or tank) as a result and so you trade accordingly... this would be very much not allowed because it would be unfair for employees to get that advantage over the rest of the market. Same deal for anyone else you might tell about it - it becomes harder to *prove* that they were tipped off illegally, but they'd still be trading using privileged/non-public information.
So there are restrictions placed on when/how employees are allowed to trade stock in their company. Honestly, I don't see how it would be applicable to mining Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-27 17:58:47
At the beginning of each turn all players secretly record a vote for "Believe" or "BULLSHIT!", to be revealed simultaneously. 
If all players vote for "Believe", all lands tap for an additional 'imaginary mana' this turn. If any player votes for "BULLSHIT!" then destroy Mark Karpeles, and players lose life equal to the amount of imaginary mana they have spent this game and sacrifice all permanents paid for using imaginary mana.
@_date: 2014-11-27 01:50:58


Bitcoin exists by consensus - everyone agreeing on what all the balances are, and that they can't be changed without providing the right key. If anyone tried to "fiddle the books" they would come into disagreement with the consensus and everyone would ignore them. 
So when you pay to have bitcoin transferred to an address of yours, everyone agrees that the transfer took place; everyone agrees that those coins are now yours, and everyone agrees that those coins can't go anywhere else without your say-so. You don't need to store them in an app or an email or a USB drive (actually you couldn't) because their very existence **is** that agreement.
What you store for yourself is the crypto key that proves to everyone that you are who you claim to be, and that allows you to *spend* your coins. That's what wallet software stores and manages for you... that and the busywork of sending out transaction messages to the network. "Wallet" is really a bit of a misnomer; something like "keychain" would be more accurate to what it actually does, but the name has stuck at this point.


How much account setup and personal data is involved in the purchase depends on how and where you buy - the ID requirements are there to (a) ensure your payment is valid and won't be charge-backed after the event, and (b) to satisfy regulations. 
If you arrange to meet someone and hand them cash they probably don't need to ID you - cash is cash no matter who you are, and there's no way to take it back. If you're sending a bank wire to an exchange they'll probably need some ID to satisfy regulators. If you're paying by credit card (or paypal or whatever - easily reversed payment methods) it would be foolish of them to *not* impose some ID requirements; otherwise every carder in the world would descend on them with fraudulently obtained funds.
@_date: 2014-11-27 00:39:13
True, but that's just ordinary exchangeability. To be "backing" the value of the currency you would need some sort of guarantee regarding *how much* gold a dollar was exchangeable for, in a slightly more objective sense than "$1 worth".
Y'know, like there used to be. But then, abruptly, there wasn't.
@_date: 2014-01-17 11:27:33


That assumes a flat demand curve in terms of how many dollars people want to spend. I'm pretty certain you'd find additional demand from more and more of those swing traders becoming eager to buy in at an increasingly obvious low.
I haven't traded in months, but if the market was tanking I'd at least consider it (before waiting too long and seeing the price return to higher than it started, of course, but not everyone is a dumbass)
@_date: 2014-11-12 01:03:23


Email 'from' addresses can be faked, is there anything in that email that *proves* the escrow provider sent it? Anything that couldn't be copied from a real one (e.g. citing account/transaction details specific to you that only they would know). I'm guessing this is the point of failure but I'm curious as to how sophisticated the fake is.
Hell, have you used them before to know what their real emails look like? Or, full-paranoia mode, whether they even send emails? Feels like "login to see confirmation of payment" would be a better security model.
@_date: 2014-03-26 22:06:11
I'd say a paper wallet, being a cryptographic key, is better compared to a *physical* key, to a lockbox. Just like having multiple copies of a physical key, you could have other backups of your keys, which would make it nonsensical to claim full X value for a specific single paper wallet.
A paper wallet is only potentially valuable if it's the only place you have that key written down/stored. It's not a valuable object in itself.
@_date: 2014-01-31 13:55:50
So... Tuesday?
@_date: 2014-11-02 02:21:50
I think the aim there was to leave satoshi as the minor unit, and introduce bits as a major unit that had the same familiar 2 decimal place format as "Dollars and cents" or "Pounds and pence" or any of the other currencies that do the same.
@_date: 2014-06-06 16:16:02
Imagine you want to try and execute a double spend. To do so you need to do the following:
1. Spend some coins
2. Wait for however many confirmations the receiving party demands (1, 3, 6, whatever)
3. Receive goods in return
4. Mine and release a new chain that sends those coins somewhere different (another address under your control), and is longer than the previous main chain.
If you manage that, then the transaction you used to pay for the goods has unhappened - you have your coins back because the longest chain says you never sent them to the merchant.
The *whole point* of mining, with all the proof-of-work and pointless effort is to make Step 4 excessively difficult, by requiring you to spend computing time on mining. If you try and execute a double-spend on your own then the main chain will grow faster than your 'new' chain and you won't ever catch up.
If you have a significant fraction of the total hashpower being used in mining, then you gain the ability to double-spend with some probability of success - the more hashpower you have, the better your odds of running up a new longest chain. But with less than 50% hashpower you're relying on a stroke of good luck because, on average, the rest of the network is still faster than you are. 
6 confirmations was arbitrarily chosen as the default for "safe enough" because it gives an attacker with 10% of the hashpower odds of 0.1% of succeeding (of mining 6 blocks faster than the rest of the network can do so).
With anything *over* 50% of the network mining your chain for you, statistically speaking you *will* eventually out-race the rest of the network and succeed in double-spending.
@_date: 2014-12-02 22:50:07
They were talking about speed-of-light limitations, that's not a limit like "the runner can't make that trip" or "my ISP won't give me enough bandwidth", where we just need to try harder and invent more things... the speed limit of *c* is a fundamental part of how our universe works.
@_date: 2014-12-17 17:32:20
Even if it were technologically possible, it seems like it would be undesirable - it's not the place of the protocol to determine whether transactions are successful or otherwise or to keep track of a person's reputation. That just feels like reintroducing a centralised gatekeeper in the same vein as credit ratings agencies.
I'm also not exactly clear by what you mean when you talk about "not needing a confirm straight away" or "slowing down future confirms"... if you're considering trying to identify and penalise fraudsters, remember that generating a new clean identity is always just a couple of clicks away.
You *could*, theoretically, establish a reputation system for people to register with voluntarily - they can prove their control over their addresses by signing a message and I guess they could then solicit feedback from the people they transact with. I can't see it being terribly useful without a way to weed out false reports but the same is true of any review/rating system.
@_date: 2014-06-27 00:48:24
I *think* they seek out easily stolen coins to steal them pre-emptively, before anyone else can. After that I guess it's a case of hoping that they're able to cross paths with the rightful owner to return them.
@_date: 2014-07-22 16:55:04


What I'm reading here is "I  sent money into a scam site, using a method that is explicitly non-refundable, they spent 3 days stringing me along with false promises, then whaddya know, that scam-site ran off with my money!"
All sympathy and whatever, but you fucked up. The [very definition of the term "HYIP"]( is a bullshit ponzi scheme.
@_date: 2014-10-08 09:43:08


Normally when I do this with gambling, I realise how badly the odds are stacked against me compared to the potential payout, and then I don't gamble. I take it you felt differently?
@_date: 2014-10-20 21:25:28
As a fellow Brit, I share the frustration - until there's a *good* exchange with UK-banking support we'll be stuck wiring money internationally at stupid cost. 
The wire/SEPA fee would even be bearable (or at least, could be mitigated by batching together deposits into larger transfers) but then there's the cost of the currency conversion that happens at the same time, and normally at a monumentally terrible rate that eats 5-10% of your funds compared to the interbank exchange rates.
I've not personally used Netagio but they *claim* full UK banking support... but then their liquidity/price isn't great.
@_date: 2014-05-20 15:24:10
The amount faucets give out now is so low that you would very likely earn more by wandering the streets of your nearest town centre looking for dropped change.
On top of that, unless they have a mechanism to count up multiple payouts then group them together into one transaction, you'll find that a wallet full of tiny fragments of a coin is impossible to spend without paying way over the odds in transaction fees to cover the larger blob of data you're asking to have processed.
@_date: 2014-02-05 17:41:54
@_date: 2014-07-11 14:56:18
People never stop spending entirely, especially not on necessities. 
The price of computer hardware (at a given level of performance) has been on a steady exponential decline for decades and no-one looks at that market and says "Well, in 2 years this computer will cost half as much, best continue using the same one I've had since 1980". Maybe they put a little more thought into buying something cost-effective, that won't *immediately* depreciate massively, but they still keep upgrading.
Similarly, if everything keeps getting cheaper, maybe you put some more thought in before you buy - look for an opportunity where the value of "Having that thing right now instead of next month" is enough to justify spending a bit more upfront. Doesn't sound like a bad thing unless your business model relies on endless consumerism.
@_date: 2014-04-02 12:22:02
Also from the UK, can confirm we have it good when it comes to banks and money-related services.
Y'know what that makes us? *Not the ideal target market for bitcoin*. There's plenty of people in the world struggling with shitty banking systems that it could be a major help to. There was that guy from... I want to say Argentina... who posted a photo of where they get US currency from; some shady looking guy stood discreetly near a sign. Because the local currency is crap and their banks are *not* user-friendly.
They've got problems that bitcoin can maybe solve. We... don't, or at least less so. Doesn't make a new technology useless; just means we're the lucky ones.
@_date: 2014-04-21 16:28:39
Presumably you also need client software that knows to treat designated satoshis as 'special', and not to be combined with other unspent coins when you make a transaction. 
@_date: 2014-06-23 18:14:50
"If I'm not going to be either rich or ruined within an hour, what the hell is the point of it all?"
@_date: 2014-03-16 15:56:49
Just going to paste across my comment from elsewhere because I'm *annoyed*


~~This right here. Fuck this. The rest of the changes I'm more or less fine with, but those emails are how I know that a swap's been closed and I need to go put up a new offer. Now what... I'm supposed to go check every 10 minutes? Remove it from the main interface, fine, just give me a check-box somewhere in my account settings to sign myself up for all notification emails all the time.~~
Received a reply from Raphael: "Hello, This changes is applied only on notification of order execution, not 
swap offers, so in your case it doesnt change anything." *Annoyance averted*
@_date: 2014-07-26 19:12:00
So wait, would they continue to accept a recurring payment for a box that they've already raided? 
@_date: 2015-05-22 23:14:58
You're trying to buy an irreversible currency with inherently reversible payment, without identifying yourself. If I were a seller, I'd find *that* pretty shady.
If it's easy for you, it's easy for someone with stolen card details.
@_date: 2014-12-01 01:09:38
CHAPS is same working day - that's its reason for existing. BACS takes up to (possibly *exactly*) 3 days. Faster Payments has been close enough to instant that I've never noticed the difference (lives up to its name), but is in general designed to ensure payment goes through within a few hours.
@_date: 2014-06-07 15:51:04
The codes are generated from the shared secret (encoded in the QR code scanned/code entered when you set up 2FA) and the current time. Hence why each code is disposable, and how it's able to refresh every 30 seconds without a continued exchange of secret information.
If your phone was compromised and the shared secret taken from its storage, then yes, that would allow whoever took it to generate the same codes. But in that case your password is still required as normal. You don't lose any security by having 2FA enabled - it just falls back to the same level of security as everyone else (i.e. if the hack also included a keylogger and you log in from your phone's browser, *then* you're boned).
More likely that you'd get keylogged on a PC/Laptop, and that your account would still be protected because the keylogger would have no access to your phone. That being the point of 2-factor - force the theoretical attack to compromise two independent devices at once, and also associate them with each other.
@_date: 2014-02-14 03:20:13
That's bitcoinity.
@_date: 2014-09-29 18:29:44
Did you realise that you had "a million reasons" *before* it was possible to do so?
@_date: 2014-05-22 13:31:27
Ink and paper degrade over time, but by keeping them chilled (at least below 5Â°C, ideally a little below freezing) you can slow the chemical processes to preserve the integrity of your wallet for longer.
@_date: 2014-03-27 10:12:15
and in the parallel crypto case, there are 2^(256)-1 other private keys that *could* have been on your slip of paper and no way to prove that you owned *that one*. Come to that, no way to definitively prove that you've actually definitely lost access to the one you claim is yours.
Would be a very easy insurance scam - print out two paper wallets with the same key, keep one secret, 'accidentally' burn the other, claim the loss and still retain the coins. If the insurance are clued up enough to set up a watch on the address then claim no knowledge and watch them try to prove it was you who moved the coins and not some malicious party that keylogged your paper wallet generation program.
@_date: 2014-06-27 01:52:47
Check his history; if it's a sham then it's one he's been running for a while and hasn't gotten tired of yet. 
Seems at least slightly plausible for a whitehat hacker type to set up a bot to monitor all of a pre-generated set of brainwallet addresses. Look out for people using common phrases, famous quotes, lines from books, song lyrics/titles, that kind of thing.
@_date: 2014-07-21 18:10:06


That is *not* a solution to any problems it creates for startups. You can't instate overly onerous regulations then say "Eh, just fuck off somewhere else until you're big enough to play ball". That (a) hamstrings the NY market by sending all the innovation elsewhere, and (b) doesn't work at all when the other states follow NY's example.
I guess then it'll be fine because startups can go overseas? Surely nothing of any possible value will be lost to your home economy by making small businesses unwelcome/untenable.
@_date: 2014-01-13 13:10:26
"follow" as in one thing logically following from another.
"BFL sucks so we banned all the mining equipment" doesn't strike me as a hugely rational move on Paypal's part.
@_date: 2014-09-08 09:45:41
Information is in the eye of the beholder - it's not an inherent property of any particular bit of matter so much as an interaction between some arrangement of matter and the interpretation a person attaches to it.
We can arrange some symbol or coding method for something very small to have a very large meaning. Example: "Put a grain of rice in this box of a drawn grid to communicate *this* particular 2048-bit number that we arranged beforehand, or *that* box to communicate the other number".
With only 2 choices it would only be 1 bit of information, but the coding scheme expands it into so much more... so long as you only want to communicate one of the pre-selected numbers.
@_date: 2014-05-23 23:06:06
It's possible to pull the encrypted database from your phone if you root it, but I haven't done that because it sounds difficult - I just keep a screenshot in an encrypted volume.
@_date: 2014-07-22 00:33:27
What country are you in?
If USA, Coinbase is probably your easiest bet. Elsewhere... depends on *exactly* where, may be easier to find a human to buy from in cash, or to send a bank transfer to an exchange where you can trade back and forth to your heart's content, until you run out of money.
Can't recommend mining if you don't already know your shit; takes more knowledge and planning than you're going to get handed to you here. Tbh, more knowledge/planning than I have; it's not some mean-spirited "pull up the ladder behind us" thing. Just a difficult game to get into.
@_date: 2014-09-07 23:34:52
All or none, both answers are equally justifiable because bitcoins don't have any physical existence.
It's like asking how many agreements you can fit in a shoebox. Or how much of "the economy", or how many shared delusions. Some things just don't occupy any particular space.
@_date: 2014-01-13 12:34:35
That doesn't really follow though - one high-profile seller of mining equipment generates a slew of chargebacks by being shockingly bad at delivering on their promises... so the entire category of 'mining equipment' is barred?
If some big seller of computer components, or books (or whatever there's a lot of on eBay these days) did the same thing and generated a whole lot of "Did not ship, please refund" requests, that wouldn't be justification for barring all other sellers of the same stuff.
@_date: 2014-10-21 09:07:20
The major thing putting me off was the mention in their FAQ of somewhat lengthy time-limits on when you can withdraw the full amount of your balance (~3 weeks iirc). 
Have heard second-hand that it may not actually be that bad in practice... if you do try them out, let me know?
Oh, that and the fact that about a month ago they mailed around about a change to their banking details because the Isle of Man had "decided to withdraw its financial services support for digital currency firms". Hopefully their new banking partner doesn't do similar any time soon... hopefully.
@_date: 2014-01-22 17:53:42


Or worse, they use language that sounds like the exact opposite - making miners sound like some secret club of tech-nerds who write complicated algorithms that [some text missing] which creates bitcoin out of thin air!
Have found myself wishing on many occasions that I could take a clue-bat to the author and tell them that a bitcoin *isn't* a fragment of code, or a number, or the solution to an equation or anything of the sort. 
It's just an entry in a ledger saying someone gave you a coin and you haven't spent it yet. The algorithms and equations and code and cryptography are all *purely* there to solve the problem of getting everyone to agree on the same ledger.
@_date: 2014-03-04 22:46:44
Agreed, I remember getting an email every time I withdrew from Gox (back in the day), saying that a withdrawal had happened and to contact them if I hadn't authorised it... always thought it had to be somewhat too late by then.
No idea why it wasn't a confirmation email - "click here to finalise the withdrawal", so that a bad actor would at least have to compromise both accounts at once to enact a withdrawal.
@_date: 2014-05-05 21:27:23


My best attempt would be "Competing computers try to guess the 'magic number' to fill in the last field of the header with, so that the hash will come out smaller than a target value. The more hashes you can try, the better your odds of guessing correctly first. The difficulty is adjusted every so often by making the target value lower, and therefore the acceptable range smaller. All of this serves no real mathematical purpose aside from making it really difficult to run up a 'fake' chain that's longer than the one everyone cares about."
I feel like that's probably an improvement but obviously not the whole way there.
@_date: 2014-11-20 01:54:18
10/20 would be below average eyesight; a rating of X/Y is read as "you see a level of detail from X feet away that an average person would see from Y feet"
So 20/20 is average, 20/400 is as if you're 20x further away from everything (I believe that's the threshold for "legally blind" in some places), and 20/5 would be exceptionally good vision; seeing detail from 20 feet that an average person would have to go in close to 5 feet to see.
@_date: 2015-05-25 23:35:12


So... never? Time is always finite, so that sounds a lot like never. Unless you realistically foresee a "slow news day" where you *don't* go through the usual cycle of generating more new tabs than you can get through.
Are you able to efficiently search their contents to dig up something you half-remember if it later becomes relevant? If your browser were to malfunction and lose all those bookmarks, would you really notice or care? 
I guess they're not taking up any scarce resource (unless they weigh on your mind ever; then they'd be taking up small bites of your time and focus/attention), but if you're probably never coming back for them... there's a case to be made for just quietly dropping them.
@_date: 2014-03-13 15:00:33


You're still assuming technical competence? There's very little about Gox that I have a hard time believing any more. Seems like they were suffering from a severe case of executive ego, with Mark slapping together some PHP that just about sorta worked and pushing it straight into production.
"Just copy everything onto this spare drive every so often, we'll notice if anything breaks so each dump must be good" is almost the sort of backup strategy I would expect from them.
@_date: 2014-07-26 19:47:51
Ah, I was thinking of standing order type recurring payment rather than repeated credit card or direct debt payments - the difference being between "Sending payment" and "Getting charged".
@_date: 2015-05-26 23:07:43
So... rather than relying on making mining economically viable as an activity that people intentionally do for profit, we would rely on people either not noticing or not caring that their devices are sucking down more power than they need to, to power a 21 chip that doesn't pay for itself?
I feel like the "not unethical" version of establishing a basic mining "floor" is to rely on people mining voluntarily who *know* that they're spending some small sum of money on doing so for altruistic or enthusiast reasons.
@_date: 2014-10-20 11:45:59


A fork creates two separate valid blockchains, using slightly different protocols, which have some shared history up to a point and then diverge at whichever block is invalid according to one of those protocols. For ease of reference, call the two sides of the split Bitcoin-A and Bitcoin-B.
The problem is the confusion over which chain is going to turn out to be the accepted 'real' one by everyone else, and hence which transactions can be trusted - if a transaction only appears on Bitcoin-A then it might turn out that the Bitcoin-B side eventually wins out and then you're left holding worthless A-coins that you exchanged for something of actual value. 
If you have coins from transactions *before* the fork then they appear on both sides of the split and are unaffected.
@_date: 2014-06-05 11:16:37
Because the standard miner will look at the amount of data they have to process to include that transaction and decide it's not worth doing for no fee.
Theoretically you could persuade a miner/pool to include it despite being a non-standard transaction, but fees are the most normal means of persuasion.
@_date: 2014-02-14 03:25:44
Credit card payments can be reversed, no seller with any sense will accept it (and if they claim to, be careful; they may just be trying to steal your card details).
@_date: 2014-06-10 11:33:50
Just so you know, you have a typo from Anonymity to 'Anonimity' in a few places in your FAQ. 
@_date: 2014-11-29 23:33:12


With the exception of *parts* of the last 2 months, it's a little more than a year at this point - the first peak of the November bubble was (depending on your time zone) on "this date or the next day", one year ago.
@_date: 2014-12-26 00:39:32
"Common people" does sound a bit odd if you want it to be a group that's desirable to be in. "The general public" might be a better alternative.
@_date: 2014-09-02 19:04:16


Must admit, I was waiting for the usual "Mining involves hacking you way to the answer of difficult mathematical puzzle" bullshit, but this is actually a surprisingly good summary - puts the emphasis on the fact that it's a useful service for which an incentive is provided, rather than the breathless "free money for your megacycles" stuff.
@_date: 2014-11-18 22:55:07
Originally it was altruistic: coins were near-worthless so dispensing a small amount for people to play around with was cheap evangelism.
Now... you're either watching ads in exchange for a small fraction of the ad-revenue, or you're solving CAPTCHAs so that spam-bots can post spam in exchange for a small fraction of their spam-bot revenue.
@_date: 2014-01-09 10:27:19
The *real* vulnerability is that with more than 50% of the network, you can confirm a transaction however many times you want, *and then later take it back* by building a new longest chain where the transaction didn't happen.
You couldn't do this normally because the rest of the network would be adding blocks to the chain faster than you could build your altchain, but having a majority of the hashpower means that statistically, you can outrace the rest of the network. Theoretically you could do it with a smaller amount of hashpower you just wouldn't always succeed.
@_date: 2014-09-03 09:14:50
My point is that "bank" can mean several different things and it's perfectly possible to think that one of those things is a perfectly good service while objecting to the activities of another.
Just turning to Wikipedia, the definition they offer of a bank is an institution that accepts deposits **and** channels those into lending, to match capital surpluses against capital deficits. Your hypothetical 'secure storage location' isn't a bank by that definition, not until it starts offering loans.
*Even then*, the behaviour generally objected to isn't the simple "take deposit, offer loan" type of banking (which, please take note, is already more of a bank than what we were talking about), so much as the "take deposit, invest into dodgy financial derivatives of over-inflated value while manipulating international interest rates to your benefit, then when it all blows up in your face go to the government for a bailout, collect a nice bonus regardless" model of banking.
@_date: 2014-04-04 00:08:59
Paradox of choice can come into play - humans are weird when you present them with additional superfluous options (they get confused and don't choose any of the options), and you really want to minimise friction in the checkout/payment part of your site, or you'll start losing some small percentage of customers via minor frustration.
That, or if Bitcoin's image were well and truly in the toilet, some segment of the market might see it as an option and become concerned that there might be something scammy about the site by association. To contrast, it'd make me check twice if I were buying online and Western Union were prominent on their list of payment options, given their reputation for use in online fraud.
@_date: 2014-12-11 16:06:35
"How does it work" is a big question depending on how deep you want to go into the technical details.
On the surface level, I think the most concise way I can explain it is "It has value because we all agree that it has value" (the same goes for anything else of value - it's not inherent, it's because people choose to value it). All the technological effort on top of that goes into establishing agreement between everyone about how much of it each person owns, maintaining security, and preventing anyone from cheating.
If you just want to start using it without digging into the underlying tech, the key things to understand would be that bitcoin "exists" in the *blockchain* (which everyone can see, and says how many coins are in each *address*), that each address has a *public* identifier that anyone can send coins to and a *private key* (like a password, but it's a really long secret number) that needs to be used to spend those coins. A *wallet* stores those keys so that you can access the coins in your address(es), and handles the busy-work of issuing transactions for you.
Changetip is a useful little service that sets up an wallet on your behalf - you can send coins to that address, and the bot has the keys so it can manage the coins according to your instructions (in the form of messages on reddit/twitter/wherever else it extends to now), including sending them to other addresses.
@_date: 2014-02-05 12:25:15
It's always difficult to tell what a satirist 'really thinks' and it can be easy for *both sides* to go away from the act thinking their view was supported - one side reads his act as an over-exaggerated caricature of the fundamental truth, the other sees it as taking the position they oppose and exaggerating it until its fundamental flaws become apparent.
From what I've seen of him, Colbert has a pretty firm grip on 'nerd stuff'; he "gets" the internet in a way that many don't. Watching the full video segment about bitcoin... he was mocking it, sure, but mocking with faint praise I think.
Still, as I said, difficult to tell - can just about equally be interpreted as "Hah, he sure pointed out all the ways that it's a ridiculous idea and doesn't work" or as a more gentle roast - pointing out flaws while *also* slipping in some nods to its strengths.
@_date: 2014-05-08 13:05:41
I remember sending an email much like this - entirely different sphere, nothing to do with bitcoin, but similar tone and content. Could mean anything from "We're not quite ready to announce it yet" to "It's not happening but we're required to be polite to the public".
The guy responding to email is not the guy who makes the decisions, the most he's going to be *able* to do is (maybe) make a note of it somewhere, then close the ticket.
@_date: 2015-05-03 19:51:39
Sounds like what the Bitcoin Foundation tried to be, which does not seem to have worked out very well. 
@_date: 2014-04-08 12:38:50
I can assure you that no-one will be able to steal the contents of your MtGox account. Not again, anyway.
@_date: 2014-08-26 09:58:55
Google have gone on record expressly asking that people not use "googling" as a verb for web-searching in general, precisely because of the trademark genericisation issue.
@_date: 2015-05-13 15:07:29
At the point where it becomes "You can't leave your house to walk around on public property without being vaccinated", it seems to rather closely resemble non-vaccination being banned, with the punishment for non-compliance being house arrest.
@_date: 2015-05-13 21:14:24


My sticking point there is that it seems possible to take any sequence of market movements and fit a sequence of waves over them in a way that appears to confirm the theory. Having done so, if the next move *isn't* what your analysis predicted, then the waves can always be re-drawn to fit the new data; error is always the fault of the analyst, never the theory.
I'm reminded of the concept of "epicycles" - when astronomers believed that the other celestial bodies orbited the Earth, they observed apparent motions of those bodies across the sky that couldn't be explained by a simple circular orbit but *could* be explained by a series of nested orbits (e.g. planets tracing a circular path around a point, with that point following a circular orbit around the Earth). But it turns out that combining circles like that can produce *literally any* apparent motion you care to choose as a starting point - just add more circles until it fits what you observe.
In scientific terms, a theory is confirmed by subjecting it to tests that could disprove it, and watching as none of those tests succeed in doing so. But when nothing is ruled out, there's no outcome that would demonstrate that the theory was mistaken, no possible test and therefore no ability to confirm its predictive ability. My concern then is that waves function like epicycles - any time the prediction doesn't fit the data, just add another wave or adjust the relative sizes of the ones you already had drawn.
I don't know if it's achieved 'idiom' status, but I've certainly heard it said that a theory capable of explaining anything, is capable of predicting nothing.
@_date: 2015-05-13 15:42:22
I can see the idea of it, but it runs into difficulties with 'natural monopolies' - I'm just imagining how insanely difficult it would be to try to set up a whole alternative network of drunk-driving-friendly roads (as opposed to a single isolated parallel route in a particular location that happens to have room for one)... where would you even put them?
I suppose theoretically you could go establish a town in some patch of wilderness that no-one else is using, and set yourself up a drunk-driving no-vaccinating utopia, with giant warning signs surrounding the whole place, but it feels like a bit of a sledgehammer-to-a-nut solution.
@_date: 2014-12-16 11:30:56
According to that Wikipedia page, he's also a libertarian who wants an absolute monarchy. Seems... confused.
And perhaps most offensive of all, "This User believes that 9/9 equals 1, but .999â€¦ does not."
@_date: 2015-05-17 13:39:07
Or... [alot of hurdles](
@_date: 2014-09-11 14:48:54
It's a very competently written explanation of how Bitcoin works, and a shorter summary of how current interbank payment systems work.
Also a potted history of how current payment systems developed  (back to the days when a bank note was redeemable for gold only at the same bank/branch that issued it, and transferring it anywhere else meant you had to physically move your gold)
Some emphasis is laid on how large changes can be brought about by a change of process (example cited being how factories changed from steam to electric power, which in turn enabled them to change the layout because they weren't constrained by the machines, which had a bigger effect than the simple switch to electric motors), but that it can take time to displace the legacy structure. Focussing there more on the abstract idea of decentralised ledgers/payment rather than bitcoin specifically.
Also some mention of the risks - for example the "not yet fully explored" potential for "cheating" miners to achieve better returns than those following the protocol strictly, and thereby skew the incentives towards joining their pool until they're able to succeed in 50%+1 shenanigans. That and a curt nod towards the fact that if some subset of people started transacting *only* in bitcoin, then they'd be cut off from central-bank influence through the normal economic policy measures.
@_date: 2014-06-02 12:50:14
Deadpan jokes in a nominally serious thread are hard to detect and may be misleading.
@_date: 2014-01-14 11:10:16
If you're happy trusting a web service to manage your wallet, you can go to blockchain.info, choose 'wallet' from the links at the top of the main page and set up a new wallet/address. 
Then from the account settings once you've done that you choose "Import/Export", and upload your wallet/enter your keys there. Note that in general it is not a good idea to enter your keys anywhere unless you *intend* to transfer all of your coins some place else.
Important point of concept that trips a lot of people up: Your coins aren't ever stored on a particular computer or in a particular file, they always exist in the blockchain. The files you store are just the keys required to access those coins, and those keys can be in multiple different wallets at once.
My point being that if you do this, you should still keep your wallet.dat file safe, as it still contains a key you can use to spend those coins (although that may not remain true after a few transactions if blockchain.info puts the change leftover into addresses controlled by a different key)
@_date: 2014-09-03 08:52:03
You realise of course that providing a secure vault/deposit box to put valuables in, and the world of abstract financial services, aren't *intrinsically* tied together. 
They tend to be offered by some of the same institutions, but making use of a secure storage service doesn't require that you approve of every other activity they engage in.
@_date: 2015-01-28 15:15:28
Or possibly that the cost of the up-front investment in a BTM is sufficiently high as to discourage competitors. Or maybe there's only enough of a market for one machine and they couldn't be confident of a lower rate attracting the *entire* market to theirs over the other guy.
Or maybe there really is a golden opportunity and no-one's seized upon it yet (these things take time). Inefficiencies don't always get stamped out immediately, there's only so many people who have decided to operate machines and they can't be everywhere at once - it only needs to be "not the very best opportunity" for somewhere else to get attention first.
@_date: 2015-01-14 21:26:00


I feel like that's a statement with some issues with... let's say "dubious internal consistency".
@_date: 2015-01-30 15:31:28


The defendant is the person accused of a crime, the person who got scammed would be the victim or the plaintiff or some other similar term depending on whether it's civil or criminal, and which country's legal terminology you use.
@_date: 2015-01-11 19:08:31


It would however not be difficult to do that task *once* to make a list of all the balances, then store that list and update it to keep it current with each new block.
@_date: 2015-01-02 17:15:58
Clearly you picked the wrong year - should have chosen to start this experiment on one of the years when it was going to go up.
... does this need a "/s" ? I hope it was obvious, but here's a /s just in case.
@_date: 2015-01-27 12:23:05


Same way as a stock market crash - people selling when there's no demand to buy except at lower prices. We could speculate all day about exactly why there's a lack of demand at a given price, but it wouldn't be very fruitful, would mostly just be guessing.


Rephrase this with the word "bitcoin" replaced with "money". There are certainly lots of people who dream of "free money", and ways to make money for nothing and get rich without applying any effort, but if such a thing existed everyone would be doing it, either until it was no longer possible or until everyone had infinite money and the whole idea of money became meaningless. Always treat promises of easy money with suspicion - they're probably counting on greed to blind you to a scam.
As for "Ways to increase my BTC amount with trading or selling services", the advice would be exactly the same as with any other form of money. Either you need to successfully speculate (guess which way the market is going to go and trade accordingly... which, again, if there were a known method then everyone would be doing it already) or you need to identify something which people want, which you can give them in exchange for payment. The fact that they're paying in bitcoin is only relevant insofar as it picks out a specific target market and makes it easier for people to send you small sums of money from the other side of the world. The core of the business plan would stay the same - find a need, sell stuff that fills it.
You don't even necessarily need to sell stuff *for* bitcoin directly. Just sell stuff for money in any form you can accept, then take it to an exchange to decide how much of that money you want to have in the form of bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-13 14:59:14
Presumably it allows them to keep tabs on which links people are clicking, because all the requests go via their shortener. Tracking, profiling, aggregating, advertising. Yknow, the usual.
@_date: 2015-01-05 20:48:14
There are going to be some people who genuinely didn't trust Bitstamp for a long time before this... they're just going to be much more noisy and smug about it if they're proven to be right.
@_date: 2015-05-07 14:55:07
If there's not enough of a total reward (i.e. transaction fees + block rewards) to make mining worthwhile at the current difficulty and current price, then we'll see some of the less profitable miners exit the race, leading the difficulty to drop until mining is economically viable again.
It might be a problem if it got to a point where it was possible to attack the network by out-computing the sum of the remaining miners, or if mining became entirely centralised in the hands of one maximally efficient miner, but otherwise it's something to be filed under "business as usual".
"Big blocks" doesn't really enter into it - it doesn't change the tapering schedule of the block rewards, just allows more room for more transactions and hence more fees. I suppose at the same time it weakens the motive to include a fee for priority treatment, since there's more space per block, but I don't think we want to reach a point where you absolutely have to pay to get your transaction handled - it should be for expedited processing not an essential requirement.
@_date: 2014-01-26 17:49:41
Breathing air was never illegal or criminal, and therefore can't be *de*-criminalised. Marijuana possession on the other hand was/is a criminal offence, and is now being made *not* criminal in some states.
There is however a gap between "not criminal" and "legal", in that there can still be civil penalties - fines rather than prison sentences; or limits applied to how much is considered reasonable 'for personal use', above which it goes back to being criminal.
@_date: 2015-01-28 14:53:34
Yeah, it's impossible to criticise or make accurate observations about a thing without first doing the thing!
@_date: 2015-01-31 04:09:06
If you line people up by income maybe; wealth is distributed *even more* unequally (which you'd expect just from observing that high incomes tend to accumulate into wealth over time). 
If memory serves the global 1% by wealth starts at ~$750K.
@_date: 2015-01-12 22:59:42
If that's true then your previous post had two grammatical errors - should have been "I change-tip**ped** people two cents every time I **got** grammar corrected"
That's without even going into the problem of "got grammar corrected" as opposed to "had my grammar corrected" or "every time someone corrected my grammar". Or the spelling errors at the end (which I'm assuming are deliberate).
Also the one that started all this is dubious - "engineers knew about [x] for ages" should really be "engineers **have known** about [x] for ages", unless you're trying to imply that the knowledge was lost again at some point.
@_date: 2015-01-11 19:14:40
I believe I'm right in saying that they're looking for a hash of the *header of the new block*, not of the previous block. The previous block is a fixed blob of data, there's nothing about it you can change to get a different answer from the hash function.
That header includes (among other things) a reference to the previous block, a summary of the transactions included in the new block, and a nonce, which is just some meaningless arbitrary number. You change the input to your hash function by incrementing the nonce, or if by some strange chance that doesn't pan out (doesn't produce a low enough hash output for any nonce value) you can generate a block that includes different transactions and try that instead.
@_date: 2015-01-28 15:03:33
I'm not the author of the post. You are talking to an entirely different person. 
I think it's an unreasonable demand to say that you have to operate a BTM before you can possibly say anything relevant about BTMs. That's just arbitrarily limiting the set of people who are allowed to talk, and limiting it to a group likely to have a collective bias towards "Yay BTM operators".
@_date: 2015-01-13 00:18:24
Hah, thanks.
@_date: 2015-01-13 14:54:33
I have a feeling Twitter does that automatically to all URLs posted.
@_date: 2015-01-13 11:36:56


I think you mean "people".
@_date: 2014-02-04 15:26:56


Not convinced that solves the freeloader problem - you still 'win' this game by standing back while *everyone else* pays to build the road you use.
@_date: 2015-05-21 23:12:53
You *might* be able to pick out 'tumbling' as a behaviour, but you wouldn't be able to connect an identity paying in with any particular illicit activity on the other side, which would make tying people to anything actionable difficult. 
I suspect you could also set up the tumbler better to provide more obscurity, but I'm not sure exactly what that would look like... consider the following to be potentially-baseless speculation, but I'm imagining multiple pools within the service with no visible transactions connecting them - then when you pay into one you get a payout from an entirely separate pool, with no way to connect the two (even in the "1 in 10" sense) without information that only the tumbler itself has. So the coins you get would effectively only have a partial connection to anyone, and none of the obvious possible options would actually be you.
Edit: Thinking further on it, if it weren't for the ID requirements, an exchange would actually be pretty perfect - big pooled wallets with coins from a bunch of people, nothing tying deposits to withdrawals. So an anonymous exchange would make a pretty good mixer; or, going the other way, you could disguise a mixer-wallet by making it look more like an exchange.
@_date: 2016-01-12 14:01:39
So, if they're so sure of this, and all the information pointing to it is common publicly available knowledge, why hasn't the fall in prices already happened in anticipation of the event?
@_date: 2014-03-31 19:16:31


That might have done it... you can make your own currency but you can't call it a US Dollar.
I'm not up to speed on the altcoin market, is there a USDollarCoin yet?
@_date: 2014-06-01 12:29:50
It's a fair point - if you're entirely satisfied with the service provided by the banks then it *does* seem like a lot of effort to get to the same place. If you're trying to sell people on the idea you also need to point out some deficiency of banks that bitcoin solves.
Which one you use as a stock example is going to depend on who you're talking to - someone who implicitly trusts the bank/government might be unconvinced by arguments about taking power back, but more receptive to the idea of reduced fees and faster transactions to send money anywhere in the world. 
@_date: 2016-01-12 16:21:06
"In many eyes" should perhaps be rephrased as "In some optimistic eyes". 
5-10 years is long enough for any projection to be mostly pulled out of thin air - that's about as far into the future as the entire existence of Bitcoin goes into the past. 


Everything is possible. Picking a floor and declaring "Bitcoin will never go below this point again" has often been a good way to end up eating those words 6 months later (or much sooner than that).
But then, picking a ceiling and declaring "Bitcoin will never trade higher than this" has also often been a losing game. No-one knows either way worth a damn.
@_date: 2015-05-21 20:50:00


That would be a bad idea for your attempted anonymity... I'll explain why:
Let's say you have an address that someone can attach your name to (because you used it in conjunction with a service that demands real-world ID, or because it's where you've publicly accepted incoming payments to) and also one or many secret/illicit addresses that you want to use for storage or spending outside of any kind of oversight.
Now imagine a graph of transactions - each wallet a node, each transfer an edge of the graph. Your task is to move funds from the identifiable address to the secret one(s), while making it look like a series of random unrelated transactions between unrelated addresses, indistinguishable from any other blockchain activity and definitely *not* all under control of the same person.
A dispersal into many wallets that all then coalesce back into the same place would draw a pattern in the graph that anyone dedicated enough to see it (or, more probably, a computer doing automated analysis) could not possibly mistake for anything other than one guy shuffling money around. The odds of that happening by a chance series of transactions between unrelated parties would be *astronomically* unlikely.
Also, trying to do any kind of shuffle 'by hand' would be susceptible to creating recognisable patterns - reusing the same transaction amounts, repeating the same branching pattern in different places, accidentally recombining funds that are supposed to stay separate, or creating a regular frequency of transactions within the group at a rate of "about as fast as you type". Humans make terrible random number generators and are really bad at simulating chaos; we just can't help but create regular features which could theoretically be picked up on. I mean, it would be hard to pick them out by hand using blockchain.info but just as soon as anyone really sets their mind to automatic and statistical analysis, if they haven't already...
A better idea is to mix your coins with those of others, so that they lose their identity into the collective pool; have 10 people pay 1 coin each into a single address, then have it dispense 1 coin each back out to 10 new addresses (or use larger numbers of both people and coins). After that, the most anyone can say is that your 'illicit' address is associated with one of those ten people... but there's nothing to say who's who. Do that repeatedly for arbitrary levels of disconnectedness, then make sure you don't accidentally re-connect 'washed' coins with your public-facing address or any coins from it.
@_date: 2014-01-14 10:59:14
When you say "Doesn't synchronise", do you mean it spent a really long time saying "Synchronising" and didn't finish? Because depending on your internet connection speed, that part can take a couple of days or longer.
It won't be able to show your balance until it reads through the entire blockchain (all several years worth of past transaction data) up to the point where you received your coins, unless you use a client that trusts a remote server for its blockchain information.
The good news is that the transaction ID you gave [definitely exists and happened]( and presumably the 0.03 BTC listed there as 'unspent' are yours - safe and sound and just waiting for you to come along with the key to use them.
@_date: 2016-01-15 10:35:59
You would need developers to write and maintain the AI or automation. 
Also, writing an AI capable of complex dev-work would be a monumental new achievement in itself, not something you just casually hack together to solve a dispute over development direction.
@_date: 2015-05-13 13:34:57
I'm at a loss to explain how someone sits down to write an article, finds themselves saying that a crash taking the market down to less than half the current going rate would be "good news" and a signal for imminent new all-time highs, and *doesn't* follow that thought with the realisation that somewhere along the way they've come adrift from any sense of objective reality.
@_date: 2016-06-26 23:26:11


I don't think that means what you think it means. It sounds like you're using it to mean "Only knowable in retrospect", when the definition is more "Knowable by observation or experience" in contrast to a priori knowledge, which can be reached by "pure reason".
I mean, sure, whether or not bitcoin is a good investment *is* an a posteriori sort of question. But so would "Does wood float?" or "What colour is the sky?" be - they're answered by observation but the answer still stays valid once known.
Almost all the interesting questions are a posteriori because pure logic is relatively unable to yield real answers. There's no connotation of it being impossible to answer an a posteriori question, so pointing it out doesn't really shed light on the matter.
@_date: 2017-01-11 14:02:08
Ideally you'd want a rear-facing seat that's tall enough to have a headrest. But she does at least avoid being thrown bodily out of her seat... might be preferable to take the whiplash over the impact. 
@_date: 2017-01-19 14:03:11
"1M club" in the sense that it's mathematically impossible for someone with 21 to be *outside* of the top 1M holders. 
You're right though; for there to be a full 1M people in the 'club' would require a completely even distribution, so there's certainly fewer than that.
@_date: 2016-06-26 02:14:01
As a genuine bona fide Britishperson, I can confirm that I don't view bitcoin as a safe haven. Or a safe anything. That's not to say there's anything wrong with it, it's just a more speculative/risky investment.
Changing into BTC out of GBP for "safety" would just be a bit perverse when the daily change in GBP/USD is maybe 1-2% at *most*, the majority of the time (and all within a fairly narrow range over the long run). On the whole it's a stable (boring) currency - a 10% drop in a day like we saw on the 23rd is a headline-grabbing crisis situation, but those don't happen at all often. 
Plus all our rent and bills and prices are denominated in it, so we don't immediately give a toss if it changes relative to other currencies because prices tend to be "sticky" in nominal terms. We'll mostly fret over whether a weak pound will have to be bolstered with higher interest rates which make mortgages less affordable, rather than worrying that we won't be able to buy groceries with our worthless worthless pounds.
Compare all that to bitcoin where a drop of a few percent is just another Tuesday. Where the price doubling or halving over the course of a few months isn't really anything unusual. Where every change in exchange rate is immediately felt as an effective change in the price of everything.
Bitcoin is interesting for many reasons, but "safe haven" just isn't one of them, even to someone who already knew all about it before the recent turmoil.
@_date: 2017-01-19 23:08:14
Well, not all coins have been mined yet ([current count]( is 16,110,713) and there's around a million coins tied up in early-mined never-moved wallets presumed to be Satoshi... unknown whether anyone has keys for those, but they're not in *current* circulation). Just those factors would put the absolute mathematical maximum at less than 720k
Then there's [this page]( which looks at the distribution of coins to addresses. Lists 18,553 addresses with &gt;100BTC, and another 16,822 with 10-100. Although there could be people with more than 21 coins that are split across multiple smaller addresses (or people with *more* who control more than one of the &gt;100 addresses), or addresses where the coins technically belong to multiple people (exchange wallets for a prime example). So all in all, very difficult to get a firm grip on the number of individuals from the number of addresses.
But to make some simplifying assumptions, let's say we were to follow the old "If you don't have they keys, they're not yours" maxim (and treat the exchanges, and any other multi-owner addresses, as being a single entity owning those coins), and further assume that anyone who's accumulated &gt;100BTC in one place has put their whole stash in that one place. Then those 18,553 addresses with &gt;100BTC collectively control 10,272,378 coins, which brings the maximum number of 21+ holders from the remainder down to about 230,400
None of this is even remotely rigorous because those assumptions could be taking me *way* off the true total, but I guess tossing numbers around with loose assumptions gives you a feeling for the scale that's plausible for the real number. I honestly wouldn't be surprised if the size of the 'club' was in the 5 digit range rather than &gt;100k
Lot of small holders, but a relatively small pool with more significant amounts, seems like the likely case.
@_date: 2016-06-30 02:35:48
[Coal too]( apparently not always to people who were expecting it.
(Not sure if real story or just ancient internet apocrypha, probably the latter)
@_date: 2018-10-21 01:12:22
Unless you can calculate a significant number of SHA256 hashes very quickly, you probably have nothing to add to the process.
@_date: 2018-10-15 02:26:53
Officially speaking, yes - you would owe tax based on the difference in value between when you acquired the coin and when you spent it.
If you have no record of what it was worth, you're always allowed to assume a cost basis of zero (as if you had paid nothing for it), and hence pay tax on your "gain" of the full value of the coin when you spent it.
If you have no record of the transaction to say what value it was exchanged for, you can probably look up historical data for the exchange rate on the open market that day. But it would be better to have good records.
And if you have no record of when the transactions occurred, I guess you would be expected to make a good-faith effort to estimate as best you can. Again, better to have good records so that your estimates can be defended if they're questioned.
Or they could just fine you for not keeping good enough records; especially if they suspect you deliberately avoided record-keeping to try and make tax calculations difficult. As they would for anyone trying to dodge taxes in similar fashion using any other valuable commodity; they're not new to the idea that transactions don't always happen in cash.
@_date: 2017-08-27 17:04:50


It's the common refrain, but I would suggest an even stronger statement of "Don't invest more than you could happily watch as it burned" - people tend to underestimate how risk averse they really are until a loss starts to bite. Being anywhere near the limit of what you can technically *afford* makes it stressful to watch the value rise and fall, and stressed people make bad impulsive decisions.
If you can take a chunk of money and set it aside into a mental category where it's already dead to youâ€”such that if it were to vanish into thin air and none of it ever came back, you could just go on with your day fully unperturbedâ€”that is the level of detachment I'm talking about.
@_date: 2017-01-30 16:58:01
His function uses a logarithmic function as an exponent, which cancels out to simple polynomial growth. Plot that on a log scale and you get a graph that looks like it's levelling off, because straight lines on a log scale are exponential.
Plotted on a linear scale, it would still look like fairly rapid growth, just sub-exponential.
@_date: 2016-11-10 11:18:58
If memory serves, you can set up your own keywords as aliases for whatever amount of coin you want.
@_date: 2016-12-11 17:53:25


Bear in mind, you're not *in* Bitcoin yet. It can't help you with any difficulty or expense encountered while transferring money around by bank wire or credit card. 


Exchange rates vary between exchanges, because their supply/demand for each currency is a little different for various reasons. There is no single "true" exchange rate - any attempt to determine one is probably just taking an average of the various exchanges.
The differences are smoothed out by arbitrage (people buying on a 'cheap' exchange and selling on an 'expensive' one) but the linkage isn't so perfect as to make every exchange move in lockstep. A few dollars of difference isn't unusual or a sign of fuckery. 
@_date: 2015-08-26 15:00:20
I suspect "Told customers not to worry too much about compliance because we're only doing just-enough to satisfy the regulator" would in itself be a compliance-fail.
@_date: 2015-08-24 14:56:46
I think their point is that it's not immediately/intuitively apparent how quickly coins will be mined in the near future compared to the "long tail" that extends all the way out to 2140; most of that time will be spent with *almost all* the coins mined, just gradually scraping away at the small amount that's left.
Each 4 years halves not only the rate of new production but also the number of coins left to be mined. Meaning we'll be at 95+% of the total number in the relatively near future (10-14 years) and then 99+% 8 years after that.
@_date: 2015-08-11 09:46:33
You would need to step carefully to make sure you move your coins to a new address on the BTX chain with a transaction that's invalid on the BTC chain, but after achieving that (and you could take multiple attempts until it works) you would have coins on distinct addresses on each side of the fork and would be able to spend them independently.
Although if the person you're sending coins to is only looking at one side of the fork for their receiving address, you would need to send the matching 'flavour' of coins. That's how the situation is (hopefully) resolved - everyone agreeing to only care about one side.
@_date: 2015-08-02 18:55:54
Full-page dark filter saying "Please enable JavaScript to view this website" ... over the content I wanted to see, which is visible in the background. *Why would you do that?*
@_date: 2015-08-03 12:12:38
If he test-traded *with a customer* then it sounds like he was doing testing/development from a production server, which fits my estimation of him perfectly.
@_date: 2017-11-30 15:24:24
A little of both - it makes intuitive sense to me, and also if you search "everyone vs every one" there are a variety of grammarian sites describing the technical difference.
I'm not sure I could have articulated the exact rules involved without looking them up, but I suspect ultimately the rules will end up describing (and being derived *from*) intuitive usage. So if what is currently seen as a mistake becomes widespread enough, maybe "everyone" would be due for a redefinition along the same lines as "literally" coming to also mean "figuratively / with emphasis". 
@_date: 2015-08-29 14:39:10
@_date: 2015-07-02 02:27:48
To be fair, that *is* a selectively chosen photo, picked at a moment when he was making an exceptionally daft face.
Normally he does a much better job of putting on his 'serious' face, and only looking constipated rather than crazy.
@_date: 2015-08-02 20:14:34
Here's the problem: why should anyone agree to value this altcoin at $500? (or $100 or $1 or any other arbitrary fixed value). What supports that valuation; what's backing it, or what would prevent the open market choosing to value it differently? Even if it starts out with the intended value, you're going to have problems maintaining it while issuing more tokens that dilute the value... or come to that, if it took off as an idea the value might go up from where you intended it to be.
You're essentially talking about maintaining a peg to keep the value of a digital token fixed against USD, which requires certainty that no-one can exceed your ability to buy/sell at the price you've chosen to peg it at. Which potentially *could* work if you had a single issuer who can give out an unlimited supply of new tokens in exchange for USD, and then guarantees that they'll buy them back at the same price. But then you've lost any sense of decentralisation, essentially reinvented a savings account (since you're effectively storing USD in the issuer) and just ended up having to trust that issuer to not tank the value of the token by running off with the "real" money.
Although, I guess theoretically if you had some kind of position of authority to insist that people use it, and got everyone absolutely used to the idea that it was exchangeable as promised, and made it a major part of the international financial system... *then* you could drop the promise to exchange to/from and expect everyone to carry on valuing the token as they did before out of sheer force of habit and because it would cause too many problems to *stop* using it. [Wouldn't be the first time.](
@_date: 2015-07-11 12:13:08
You make a valid point, although over sufficiently long runs of "First to N blocks" the chance elements will average out to make it behave more predictably and hence more like a race.
@_date: 2015-07-23 01:18:38
Also browsers are somewhat terrible at noticing when a cert has been revoked, making any compromise of their keys unnecessarily difficult to recover from.
@_date: 2015-07-09 11:24:48
The gold standard ideal situation is to have your key be truly random; that presents the strongest possible defence that the crypto involved can offer. By picking a phrase that you can remember, it's impossible to avoid narrowing the space of options to only those keys that map to memorable phrases. Or if not "memorable" in the sense of "a coherent quote", at least constrained to be pronounceable words.
You want to get as close to returning to the ideal as possible, so picking random words will indeed be much better than picking the first line of your favourite book, but still less good than using a RNG. But the point of 'brainflayer' seems to be less about cracking absolutely every brainwallet and more about proving a general principle - *most* humans picking a phrase to remember are liable to be far more predictable than they think (and have a poor intuitive understanding of the size of the number of guesses a program can make per second - are you really convinced your "obscure" phrase isn't anywhere in the top *trillion* possibilities?). 
If you're aware of that danger you can compensate for it - use an actual RNG but use it to pick words from a dictionary rather than digits in a key, then pick enough words that it's of comparable strength (although that may somewhat defeat the point of being memorable...), but in any case the fear of being 'flayed' will hopefully motivate more people to pick better phrases than would otherwise have done.
@_date: 2015-07-12 20:40:51
Shit Out of Luck
Or an alternate name for the Sun, but the other thing seems more likely in context.
@_date: 2017-11-30 12:34:27
Yes, it should. "Everyone" is a pronoun referring to the whole group at once, it doesn't combine with "of your friends" that way. 
Instead, as you say, you would use "every one" - effectively meaning "each individual". You then specify the group you're picking individuals from after the "of".
But "Everyone else is doing X" or "Everyone you know is doing X" would be fine, and of course they sound almost exactly the same when spoken, so it's commonly confused.
@_date: 2015-07-10 22:34:18
Transactions are put into blocks so that there's an established order, so that if there are two transactions trying to spend the same coins you know which one to reject because the other one came first. That achieves consensus about which transactions should be accepted within a chain without anyone having to be an authority figure or somehow communicate and compare notes outside of the chain. Or when there are multiple valid chains (i.e. when there's a fork in the chain creating two different/contradictory versions of history), *then* we settle consensus again by agreeing to always use the longest one.
But using that scheme, creating blocks has to be *difficult* so that you can't fuck around with the lengths of different forks - if you could just add blocks at will then you could spend some coins in exchange for goods/services, then invalidate the transaction by adding a bunch of blocks to a fork until it became the new longest (and hence "real") chain. But because adding a block is computationally difficult, everyone else combined will build up the 'main' chain faster than you can build up your fork that would give you back your coins. At least so long as you don't have enough of a computer-farm to out-race everyone else put together.
The actual *task* of mining is useless busywork (the part that makes it difficult anyway - the useful bit is computationally lightweight), but it's useless busywork with exactly the right properties you want the useless busywork to have. It depends on the contents of the block so you have to start over from the beginning for each new block, and can't work it out ahead of time; the expected time it'll take can be scaled up and down easily by changing the 'difficulty' value; it's easily verified once someone provides the answer... all good things.
But computer equipment and power and cooling are expensive, so to make it worth anyone's while to provide the useful service of securing the network (by providing enough computer power that 51% attacks aren't feasible), it needs to be incentivised, which is achieved with transaction fees and block rewards.
@_date: 2015-07-12 16:13:44
Not everyone. I make a habit of not believing that it's true until it's almost over. 
Fortunately, also self-aware enough to notice that and not trade on that basis.
@_date: 2016-09-10 23:56:47
The deal was more precisely 3% on balances of Â£3k-20k (or Â£40k if you opened a second one, which was allowed), minus a Â£2 (later increased to Â£5) monthly fee, but plus cashback on utility/telecom bills which usually at least covered the fee. 
It was widely available, and widely recommended in and other sites that recommend such things, so long as you had enough savings and bill payments to get the top tier interest and mitigate the fee. Became available about 4.5 years ago.
But like I said, rate cuts incoming soon because of the low base rate, which is a bit shit. But I have less cash in it than I used to; more in other investments.
@_date: 2016-09-20 21:02:52
[Reminds me of this old Dilbert cartoon](
"We've got to decentralise to remove 'trusted' authorities as a point of failure" -- "We've got to centralise to allow an administrator to make necessary amendments"
@_date: 2016-09-03 21:44:22
I've had the occasional dream where the price either ballooned off into the thousands or mega-dumped into single digits, or did both in quick succession.
Invariably in said dreams I would be unable to take any action aside from watching it happen.
@_date: 2016-09-27 19:48:46
Even from a perspective of being deeply, virulently, opposed to Trump, as a president or as a person, that felt like the one lucid moment where he might have had a point. 
That lucid moment was a brief one though, lasting approximately until he started throwing in accusations about Janet Yellen and the Fed "doing political things", as if they're holding rates low for partisan reasons. I mean, "political" is vague enough that I guess we could invent an interpretation where he's talking about the background power-structures beyond party politics, but if he meant that then he really should have been more specific about it. 
Still, put me in mind of [this article]( that made the rounds recently, which said similar things about pumped-up asset prices fuelled by low interest rates / cheap credit (albeit at a substantially higher reading level than I've ever seen Trump aspire to)
@_date: 2016-09-10 10:28:47


These last few years, inflation has been scraping along at next to nothing, and I've been getting 3% from a current account. UK banks are pretty okay banks, all things considered.
That said, they're cutting that rate to 1.5% soon, but it was good while it lasted (it lasted longer than expected really, with the central bank rate at "might as well be zero")
@_date: 2018-03-24 17:58:41
If you jumped on every idea anyone ever put in front of you, far more often than not you'd be signing up to losing ventures, dubious stock tips, MLM bullshit and outright scams.
Scepticism is healthy, and spotting a winning proposition in hindsight is easy.
@_date: 2018-11-23 11:03:28
[Nailed it](
@_date: 2015-04-17 12:32:22
If you start out, as most people do, with no stake at all in bitcoin, then your 'exposure' is zero - when the price of bitcoin changes, your net worth is unaffected.
Going 'long' increases your exposure into positive numbers - easiest way to do that is to buy some, although with futures and derivatives there can be more complex ways to set up a position that grows when the price goes up, without technically buying the coins. In any case, when the price of coins goes up, your net worth goes with it because the position you hold is worth more.
On a simple exchange that only offers the options of Buy and Sell, that's the end of the story - you can reduce your exposure to zero by selling off everything you hold, but you can't go any lower.
On a trading platform that allows it though, going short is the opposite; you set yourself up so that your net worth rises when the price of bitcoin *falls*. Which probably has to involve borrowed funds - you owe someone a debt counted in coins while holding a balance in USD (from selling the coins you borrowed), so if the price falls you can repay your debt more easily and keep the remaining USD as a profit. After paying a fee for the loan.
@_date: 2015-04-19 23:53:55
Sounds like you're trying to reinvent copy-protection. I mean theoretically you *could* distribute an encrypted file alongside an executable that requests payment, then supplies the decryption key (or performs the decryption) when paid, but asking people to trust some random executable from a torrent site is probably a non-starter (seriously, don't do this) and even then... if there's enough demand for this to be worth your time, there's enough demand for it to be broken. It would only take *one* person to either reverse engineer the executable to obtain the key or (if by some trickery you actually managed to make that impossible) stump up one payment, and then they've got the unencrypted file and can pass it around.
*Whatever you do*, it only takes one person to unlock the file 'legitimately', and then the genie is out of the bottle and they can share it unencumbered. That's a universal of digital media, unless you go to the extent of basically rooting people's computers out from under them so that they *aren't* general purpose computing devices any more. Which would be class A, capital E, *Evil* of the highest order, normally reserved for the dinosaurs of the media industry who don't like the idea that getting paid for stamping bits into plastic discs is rapidly becoming a non-viable business model.
So what's the alternative? Trust in your audience - distribute an ordinary unlocked file that includes, somewhere, a mention that anyone who feels the urge to do so can send a donation to your bitcoin address. Most will send nothing, some will send something, a few will send more than you would have asked for if you were selling it. But since it's already unlocked no-one will feel the need to strip out the protection and distribute the unencumbered file (which *completely* cuts you out of the loop).
Yes it makes you a busker, relying on the good will of your audience for voluntary donations. But you already were that from the outset, regardless of how you try to force people to pay. Better off to be the cool busker who doesn't mess their audience around.
@_date: 2015-04-08 20:11:53
Can't be only/entirely coinurl - I got one and I've never even heard of them.
@_date: 2015-04-07 22:15:56
You need a proof reader.
Preferably someone who speaks English as their first language, and knows how to spell "together" ... and "referral". 
Also, how to use punctuation and capital letters, and how to write sentences so that they flow properly.
@_date: 2015-04-23 14:22:07
If you decided to do this as an individual, it'd probably work okay in practice because in all likelihood no-one's going to guess that you're using bitcoin addresses as passwords. 
*But*, if you do, then your security is now very much reliant on keeping the details of your method secret, because (as pointed out) there's few enough actively used bitcoin addresses to make a brute-force attack dramatically more feasible than trying to generate all combinations of characters (300k addresses gives you a smaller search-space than a 4 character password in all lowercase letters).
All you've got left then is security by obscurity - "This is so unusual that no-one will think to try the list of bitcoin addresses as password guesses". While some obscurity is good practice (even if you're confident in your setup you generally don't want to say too much about the details), relying on it as the central pillar of your security is really not a good idea.
I suppose you could improve matters by *not* using the addresses, so that they don't appear in that list - just have a wallet full of passwords that you never use for bitcoin stuff. But if you're intent is to have them alongside your regular spending addresses then it's an accident waiting to happen (accidentally using them as a receiving address or change address) and if you set up a separate dedicated wallet specifically for that... well, you get the same basic service with more password-specific interface niceties from a regular password manager like KeePass or LastPass.
@_date: 2015-04-18 19:40:58
The government seems to be trying to at least *pretend* to be friendly, and there was that document that came out of the Bank of England that sounded like at least one employee was reasonably impressed by the whole thing.
UK *banks* though, don't want to touch anything bitcoin-related with a 10ft pole. Seems like every UK exchange either has warnings saying "Don't say bitcoin anywhere in the notes of your transfer", or else goes along the same arc of "Check us out with our full UK banking support... please bear with us while we seek a new banking partner... due to lack of banking support we're going to have to close"
@_date: 2015-04-29 00:28:36
They have [a page]( about funding your account from the UK


But what I don't see anywhere is clarification as to whether that bank wire would be going to an account in the UK, or if it would be an international wire... which may make something of a difference as to how much of a fee you get charged.
Although either way, taking the GBP/USD currency-conversion step out of the process is a plus; the exchange rates the banks use (at least for ordinary retail/consumer accounts) seem to be universally terrible.
@_date: 2015-04-08 20:10:38
Pretty sure I've never registered with Coinbase and I got one of these too. 
Can't say I've used localbitcoins either... but I *might* have signed up with them at some point.
@_date: 2015-04-10 19:16:08


Where I used to work, a lot of what needed doing went through a ticket system. There was also a running count kept of how many unique tickets you'd closed (unique as in "those identical tickets that keep coming up for simple routine tasks, they only count once") and that determined the allocation of a small bonus. 
It wasn't a badly paid job in the least, so it wasn't a high pressure system, but it was a minor incentive towards certain tickets... there were some routine tasks that had unique ID numbers attached, so they would count for a point every time. I know I directed more attention towards those tickets than I did others, and I wasn't the only one - the decision to include those ID numbers was sometimes deliberately used for 'priority' items to make them more rewarding.
Didn't stop me working on other things, and I was never going to deliberately do an overall bad job to try and maximise my points, but it did change the way I worked, to better suit a metric that rewarded me for doing so. That's only natural, so the metric needs to be genuinely well aligned with what you want to see happen, otherwise it may slant people's habits. 
It's not that you'd get *absurdly* over-verbose code, but if being concise cuts into their share of the funding then you can't be surprised if devs stop feeling quite so urgent about trimming the fat. Or if you're counting deletions too, maybe they develop a habit of throwing up a quick commit *with* the fat, then "trimming" it in a second commit. Same end result, but optimised towards the incentives offered.
All that said, a sub-optimal incentive has to be *very* sub-optimal to be actively harmful and worse than no incentive at all. 
@_date: 2016-10-25 22:56:49
Ehh, I guess I was put into a suspicious mindset by the assumption that it was some scam. Kinda poisoned the well on being able to find it funny.
Maybe if it had found a way to go one step more ridiculous. As it is, it's *a bit* ridiculous, but within the realm of imaginably being someone who thinks they're being serious. I've certainly seen dumber stuff presented as if factual. Some extra twist on the format to serve as a punchline would have settled it more firmly as intentionally funny.
@_date: 2018-04-09 21:59:35
Okay, so apparently I need to expand in more words, because what you're saying here runs directly counter to the post you "This!"d to.
1. If it were obvious to any non-idiot that prices were imminently going to decline or crash, then there are more than enough non-idiot market participants who could go ahead and turn a tidy profit by correcting that error, and in so doing they would have already caused the price reduction to happen. Asserting that such a thing is "obvious" is to assume that you know better than the collective pricing information and analysis of the rest of the market.
2. While you're waiting for that "Oh so obvious, any day now, any idiot could see it" crash, the market will continue to market. Maybe the crash you're predicting arrives, but it comes several years from now; maybe late enough that even at its bottom you still would have been better off by buying sooner. And "even at its bottom" is itself optimistic because it implies being able to *recognise* the bottom of the market in the middle of a crash - more likely than not you either spring too early and the crash continues around you, or you wait too long thinking the recovery is just a little bounce.
3. This is not an argument that only applies to day-trading or multiple entries / exits. The maxim of "time in the market not timing the market" doesn't differentiate between trying to pick a time for a single trade vs multiple trades. It's all market-timing.
If you think you have better information, better analysis, better instincts, better timing, or better luck (enough of them in combination to beat the market) then go on ahead and make your speculation. I don't know, maybe you're right and there really is money just sat there on the table for the taking, that everyone else was just too idiotic to see.
But that is fundamentally incompatible with the "nobody knows wtf is going on" philosophy described above. You can't have both.
@_date: 2015-04-19 11:02:27
It's entirely possible to edit a screenshot, or edit the html of the page being displayed then take a screenshot of that.
With crypto you can use your private key to sign something and thereby prove with all the certainty of mathematics that you control that address.
@_date: 2015-11-07 22:46:05
It's made more difficult by the fact that addresses include error-checking; if you just keyboard-mash a random number (or add a typo to the intended address) it's very unlikely to accidentally end up as a valid address. You would need at least two independent typos in different places that *just happen* to combine into a different but still valid combination.
@_date: 2016-10-25 23:09:09
There's no end to it; no bottom layer of sincere and earnest unironic truth. I'm just always being sarcastic.
Even now.
Especially just then.
Have I entirely lost track of what I'm even implying? Of course I have, sarcastically.
@_date: 2015-11-03 17:17:37


That one is memetic. Because Justin Bieber fans at some point started calling themselves Beliebers and, in a self-deprecating fashion, to belieb in Bitcoin is deemed just as nutty and fanatical.


I read that as a somewhat sarcastic response, and a reminder that it wasn't so very long ago that the bear market was in full force and no-one expected a run-up. Bemoaning having not bought at $200 is useless because at $200 everyone was anticipating a further move lower and at the time they could very well have been right.
@_date: 2015-11-03 14:57:11
My keyboard ("Microsoft Digital Media Keyboard 3000, with what I think is a standard UK layout) has the Â¦ character printed above the \ character, on a key to the left of Z on the second-to-last row (just above Ctrl and the Windows key), but that types a |
Meanwhile the | character is printed on a key above Tab and to the left of 1, sharing a key with ` (backtick) and Â¬
* &lt;key&gt; types `  
* shift + &lt;key&gt; types Â¬  
* Alt Gr + &lt;key&gt; types Â¦
[This image]( from Wikipedia, of a UK keyboard, is accurate - characters shown in blue are typed with Alt Gr. Just an oddity of the keycap printing that | and Â¦ are reversed.
@_date: 2016-10-25 22:37:48
This is beyond stupid. Editing your local copy of the html won't do a single thing to change your actual account balance. As soon as you refresh the page it'll be back to the real number.
This is about equivalent to writing "$1,000,000" on a printed bank statement in sharpie, and expecting that to put money into your account.
I mean, as soon as I saw the title I was expecting some kind of bullshit hack or scam, but I can't even see an *ulterior* motive for making this video.
Edit: [Me right now, apparently...]( I blame it being late in this timezone, and I'm sticking to that.
@_date: 2015-03-23 11:51:25
Those were Libyan nationalists.
@_date: 2018-04-09 21:39:54




*That's called timing the market.*
@_date: 2015-11-03 15:08:32
The most irritating one when using a recently set up new PC (if it gets set to a US layout by default... or I have also occasionally had problems with it randomly reverting to a US layout) is the fact that " and @ are switched. 
Has me entering my username as name"gmail.com
@_date: 2015-11-03 12:22:08
Looking around my keyboard, the only thing I can see that I've not at some point intentionally wanted to type is the Â¦ character... I almost couldn't figure out how to type it just now.
@_date: 2017-05-05 12:25:07
Also they're the kind of screen that is for some reason equipped with a small hidden projector, so that in the dark an image of the screen will be visible on your face.
@_date: 2016-10-31 02:21:19
Put it in a simple text file, encrypt that file, and have done with it - either encryption works and that's sufficient, or it's broken and ... lots of things are suddenly insecure as a result.
Adding multiples steps just makes it more likely that something will go wrong (three passwords to forget, proprietary file types that can become obsolete/corrupted, multiple different apps only increases the amount of code you're relying on to be bug-free).
That, and there's a time-honoured principle in crypto that even if you're the world's leading expert you don't just invent your own homebrew crypto protocol (like you're doing with this kludgy app&gt;word-doc&gt;app thing) and then use it before it's s been thoroughly tested and hardened and vetted by everyone else. Cryptography is genuinely difficult to implement properly and going off-script risks introducing vulnerabilities that didn't exist in the underlying code.
@_date: 2015-11-03 17:18:51
Where can I sign up to short your respect for him? A sudden rise like that can't be sustainable.
@_date: 2015-03-23 13:28:08


What do you mean by broken? It's becoming more and more of a challenge to keep increasing transistor density on computer chips, because the transistors are pushing the point of only being a few atoms across - they just can't physically get much smaller. 
But there are some promising technologies with graphene, or building logic gates in 3D rather than as a flat plane across the surface of a die, or using optical rather than electrical signals... it's just that all of the above have significant engineering challenges when it comes to trying to implement them.


"Algorithms" is a very broad term, but... sure, there are lots of important algorithms around. Drawing directly from a textbook, sorting algorithms are everywhere, Graph-based algorithms are important to make networks (and by extension the internet) efficient, data compression algorithms are vital, and the Fast Fourier Transform is essential for anything involving signal processing. 
Meanwhile, the algorithms of cryptography make online commerce and banking possible, NSA surveillance is fuelled by algorithms trying to make sense of an enormous amount of data, in the finance world, High Frequency Trading is all about the algorithms, and in many automated systems you'll find a PID (proportional/integral/differential) based algorithm allowing it to self-regulate using a feedback loop.
More prosacially, there's Google's PageRank, Amazon's "You might also want to buy" algorithms, and the algorithms that determine what Facebook et al decide to put at the top of your feed. Which are really all instances of a similar algorithm analysing link frequencies in some kind of network.


Comparing bitcoin mining to regular supercomputers is difficult, because mining happens on ASICs (application-specific integrated circuits), which as the name suggests are *highly specific* to the task of mining - they can't do general computation, the SHA256 calculations are baked into the hardware for maximum efficiency. 
So if you took general purpose hardware and asked it to mine bitcoin, it'd be less efficient and it would take a lot of it to equal the performance of the mining network (which is where the "bitcoin mining is equivalent to all the supercomputers" claim comes from), but if you asked the mining network to switch to modelling the climate or solving protein folding problems or simulating orbital mechanics it wouldn't even be able to do a half-assed inefficient job of it; it just wouldn't be able to do the job at all.


I don't know, can you? There's nothing really stopping you, you'd just need to use a steady hand and probably a straight-edge.
 


I don't see why one couldn't be printed onto whatever surface you like, so long as it's flat enough to not distort the image. For a tattoo... again, so long as it's done with a steady hand and is on a sufficiently flat patch of skin, I don't see why it wouldn't be possible.
@_date: 2016-05-11 18:47:03
You're rather missing the point... like, a lot. 
If you just want a million digital tokens of some kind you could start your own coin within an afternoon and just define a million "coins" into existence. You would have a consensus of one person, which gives you sole deciding power to do whatever you want with your new toy-coin.
The missing bit is convincing anyone else to give a damn or want to own any of your new tokens, which is significantly harder to achieve. Especially if you've gone and defined a load into existence in your own ownership.
@_date: 2017-05-09 11:22:13
When a big dumb risk happens to pay off on one particular occasion, that doesn't retroactively make it a wise investment.
Those comments were (and *still are*) correct to say that betting everything on something as volatile as bitcoin isn't a sensible strategy.
@_date: 2015-11-04 01:57:19
If you want to start your own private blockchain tracking whatever made-up token you care to give a name to, you can do that very easily. *But* if you want it to be properly trustless/decentralised, with anonymous and public participation, and have it not be easily pwned by any passing outsider with access to enough hardware, then you need a large enough mining pool to out-compete anyone who might try. For that you probably need your token to be *valuable*, to incentivise miners into spending that effort, and persuading people to value your random made-up token is a problem without an easy solution.
I can imagine it sort-of working in an environment where you have a limited pool of authorised miners with verified identities, who you have some minimal amount of trust in but still don't want to trust unquestioningly. Then you could use a blockchain to achieve rapid consensus without any one entity being in a privileged position. You wouldn't be using the technology's full potential, but it could be fit for some use-cases.
@_date: 2016-05-11 16:47:16
At the time they were mined, they were *at best* an interesting concept, but with little expectation of being worth real money. But mining makes the network run, and generates new coins, so for it to be demonstrated there had to be mining and the coins so generated naturally went into the ownership of whoever was mining - Satoshi, Hal Finney, whoever else was around in the earliest days and took an interest in a curious little software project. 
So no, there was no fraud involved - that would require an enforceable expectation that Satoshi not be involved in early mining, which ... just doesn't exist, and wouldn't be reasonable to expect.
People *do* complain when a new alt-coin is "premined", i.e. the people releasing the new idea have mined a ton of the new coin before releasing it to the world for anyone else to potentially mine. But there, there's an established market for alt-coins being potentially worth something. Also Bitcoin didn't have a set-aside private period - just took a while for anyone else to take notice and for the idea to catch on. All above board.
As for "a short cut to mining those bitcoins that weren't kept"... all the software is open source, there's simply nowhere for a super-special secret shortcut to hide. The network revolves around a shared consensus (aka agreement) between everyone involved, as created by all following the same consistent rules in a mathematically verifiable way. There's no agreed rule creating an option to over-rule that general consensus by being the creator; he doesn't have any special privilege to mine coins quicker or easier than anyone else. 
@_date: 2015-10-06 12:42:35
You can have "open to all comers without significant moderation or gatekeeping" or you can have "generally friendly and free from toxic/shitty behaviour", but if the internet has taught us anything it's that it is profoundly difficult to have both at once. 
It only takes a relatively small number of individuals to bring down the tone, which then tends to drive away the better elements of the community in a self-reinforcing cycle of shittiness.
@_date: 2015-03-25 01:13:47


More or less, yes. It'll have one key that it uses to generate a whole infinite chain of more keys, in a repeatable (deterministic) way - so any other wallet can repeat the process to generate the same set of keys.


Storing your own copy of the blockchain means you can verify the history entirely locally as your own independent confirmation. If you don't do that, then you need to query a remote server instead of looking up an answer in your own local copy. Theoretically that server could be malicious or deceptive or compromised, or your connection could be intercepted and interfered with to mislead you for some nefarious purpose. 
It doesn't affect how secure your keys are, which is the important thing for your own personal security. So It's mostly a non-issue for your average user, but in the theoretical extreme where some bad actor tried to take over All The Nodes as a way to attack the network, having more independent nodes and more independent copies of the blockchain makes that even more impossible.


That depends on your setup. You can safely assume that if *one* key has been stolen from a particular device or storage medium, then *all* the keys have been stolen from that place. So you would need to have independent wallets stored in genuinely separate places to have a security advantage (so that even if one is hacked, you don't lose your whole stash). 
Ideally different types of device running different software, so that if a bug or hack becomes known for one, the others are unaffected. Even more ideally, if you need to secure a significant sum, a cold wallet that holds the key(s) to your long-term storage address(es) in a form that can't be accessed remotely and has never been connected (even indirectly) to the internet, and is then physically secured from ordinary theft.


Sure. A wallet just needs to store your keys, which are numbers. If it can remember a number then it can store your keys (and thereby your ability to spend your coins) indefinitely.


It asks a remote server (one that *does* have a full copy of the blockchain) to tell it the answer.
@_date: 2016-05-09 18:41:26
If your debt is denominated in a currency that you can print more of, then you can never be forced to default against your will. That much is truth.
It *doesn't* imply that it would be a desirable way of paying all your debts, or that infinite money can be printed with no negative side-effects. Just that it's theoretically always there as an option. 
@_date: 2015-03-24 22:42:36
Coins are attached to an address, and exist as unspent inputs in the blockchain - if there's a record of an address receiving some coins and no record of it ever spending that input, then you still have those coins in that address. An address is always able to receive coins (because that doesn't involve your participation - the network just passes around a transaction saying you received some coins, and then it's true), regardless of whether your wallet software is online or not, or if the keys are inscribed into tungsten and buried in the back yard, or even lost entirely.
But in order to *spend* coins, you need to use the private key for that address. Keys should be able to be exported/imported between wallets without too much trouble - they're really just very large numbers, nothing software-specific. Unless the backup *isn't* of the key directly, but is actually a seed value from which the key is generated by some method specific to your particular wallet software, but you would probably know if that were the case and could choose to export the key directly instead.
If you export the key from a wallet and import it somewhere else, unless it's been deleted from the first device you'll be able to spend your coins from either one - again, the key is just a secret number that you use to prove who you are. There's no limit on how many times you can copy that number, and any wallet can use it to spend your coins.
However, when coins are spent that will often generate some change (if you receive 2 then want to spend 1, you have to spend the entire 2-coin input, so you send 1 to your intended recipient and 1 back to yourself). That change may well end up in a new address (as is good practice) which wouldn't then be spendable without the key to that address. A backup of your wallet may well include a collection of not-yet-used keys for just that purpose, but that pool of spare keys won't last forever, so to maintain continuous access to your coins from multiple devices you *either* need to keep syncing your keys between them occasionally *or* use a hierarchical deterministic wallet, where one master key is used to generate multiple address/key pairs - then you can backup/sync the master key and all subsequent addresses will be included. 
@_date: 2016-05-11 18:43:17
The first block was mined at the beginning of 2009, the first "real world" transaction was over a year later in May 2010; the famous 10,000 BTC pizza.
By that time, the reach was beyond the initial programmers to a community of enthusiasts, who I'm assuming just thought it was a neat idea and would be cool if it ever amounted to anything. The technology of it was and *still is* interesting in its own right, without any monetary value involved. At the start coins were given away free from 'faucets' for anyone to experiment and play around with, much the way that testnet coins still are now.
It was never writ in stone that they would be worth *anything* beyond a curiosity - think of it as a tech demo for a system that exhibits certain interesting properties and solves certain interesting problems, which in theory has applications for "digital cash" but was by no means guaranteed to end up with an exchange rate against the dollar.
@_date: 2015-03-25 02:00:35
I just like the sound of my own voice (metaphorically speaking), but I'm glad I helped. If you want to send either via changetip, or to 1K42pHTjEdMfkbQEQP9MSCokwtFgx9Wd96, that'll reach me quite happily. 
Also if you should ever find yourself in want of a Bitfinex account, the referral code [uOaxAuXdVX]( will save you some money on fees, whilst also providing me with some kickbacks (taken out of the fees that you would pay to 'finex anyway).
@_date: 2016-05-11 17:20:32


What's your source on that? So far as we can tell Satoshi's coins haven't moved since they were mined - now just sitting there as an entry in the ledger. 
There's no particular evidence that anyone has the keys saved to even be *able* to access them (not that we'd necessarily *expect* to see evidence either way).
@_date: 2015-03-30 16:26:16
If I'm reading him right...
1\. Invent your own "super secure" method of generating a passphrase, from which multiple brainwallets can be created.
1a. Ignore all extant security advice that says that inventing your own protocol as an amateur is *moronic* (or even as a pro, unless you have the manpower and budget for exhaustive expert testing). Security is *hard*; subtle mistakes that render the whole effort entirely broken are *easy*.
2\. That passphrase permits 999999 combinations to make key/address pairs from, so as to create a psychological sense of being removed from the stored funds until enough of those addresses have been paid into that it's easy to get a 'hit' by bruteforcing them.
2a. Ignore the fact that it's trivially easy to brute-force that many addresses, regardless of how many are empty/full, just as soon as the top-level passphrase or the secret method by which it was generated is known. So splitting your deposits doesn't really provide any additional security if that's compromised.
Security by obscurity reinvented; so far as I can tell no real innovation, just over-confidence in whatever method generated the initial passphrase. So it comes down to hoping that's good enough to overcome the "humans aren't sufficiently random" problem that affects brainwallets as a concept.
@_date: 2015-02-08 15:40:19


1. They appear to have forgotten the word "demand" in the phrase "supply and demand"
2. "The price increasing when a thing becomes more popular" **is** supply and demand, and to hell with the scare quotes.
@_date: 2015-02-18 09:47:17
Not *dangerous* per se, but it can be difficult to *use* a pile of dust and shrapnel - part of the way that transaction fees are determined is by the amount of data you're asking the network to process, and making a list of dozens of inputs of 0.00001 each adds up to a lot of data quickly. Can end up costing more in fees than the transaction itself is worth.
@_date: 2015-02-07 23:51:52
A and K are numbers. Very large numbers (so large that guessing the right one is about as likely as picking a random atom from the entire universe and getting that "right"), but fundamentally just numbers. There's nothing tying them to being used in any one place in particular.
If someone else knows your secret number they can just tell their client to use that, and thereby pretend to be you, and sign transactions as if they were you, and the rest of the network will believe them because that number is the only thing the network cares about when determining who "you" are.
@_date: 2017-05-09 14:12:15
Ah, then I misread the tone of your post - thought there was an element of "This guy got called a fool, but he proved 'em all wrong" to it.
@_date: 2015-02-18 11:05:14
 has an explanation of how fees are determined. The relevant bits here are the following:










The 10,000 byte budget allows space for a transaction with ~67 inputs and 1 output. If you're rolling up a 'dust ball' with inputs of 0.00001 then 67 of those combined is only 0.00067 which, being less than 0.01, means you get hit with the dust fee of 0.0001 (around a sixth of your total transaction).
You're also liable to *not* achieve a high enough priority if all your inputs are faucet-dust (unless you let them age for a long time, or have one large/old input to include to bring up the average), which would mean that a hypothetical transaction just under the 10,000 byte threshold would still require a fee of 0.001; more than the 0.00067 you've got to spend.
I spent a small amount of time on faucets at one point and I was able to consolidate a reasonable proportion, but the smallest payouts are now somewhat stuck; would cost more than they're worth to move them.
@_date: 2016-05-05 13:17:48
Pick out some of the biggest words and it's almost like a poem








@_date: 2016-05-30 20:14:12
For ease of documentation, I think Bitfinex still lets you sign up without providing any ID, so long as you only deposit/withdraw in crypto - you only have to verify yourself if you want your account to interact with the banking system.
Or at least it used to work that way; I'm not 100% certain on the current state of things. Pretty sure it's still the case. Also allows order types that I don't remember Bitstamp having when I was last there; Stops and Trailing stops and so on. Potentially useful if you want to set up a trade in advance with specific conditions attached.
Bot things may well also be true of other exchanges, I wouldn't know.
Also if you do decide to go with 'finex and want a referral code (reduces your fees by 10% for your first month, sends me 10% of the fees you do pay)... I think the rules prohibit me putting it here directly, but I'm open to being PM'd asking for it.
@_date: 2016-05-16 18:34:07
No-one's quite sure. 
The price (by definition) sits at the intersection of where the people with coins are willing to sell them and where the people with dollars are willing to buy. With fewer new coins being mined maybe that makes itself felt as a decreased supply to the market and requires that higher prices be paid for the ones still on offer.
*But*, maybe not all mined coins were going straight to the market anyway, so that new supply might already have been withheld. I can imagine a plausible scenario where (some) miners need to sell "enough coins to pay the bills" (which is the same number before and after the halving) and then their decision to keep or sell from the remainder is independent of how large the block reward is, so the effect of cutting the supply would depend on their choices and on how wide their profit margin was to start with.
There's also the fact that everyone is already trying to guess and second-guess how the market will eventually respond - wanting to buy coins if they think the price will rise, sell them if they think it will fall. The halving is an event that everyone can see coming, it *arriving* isn't really new information. So we should expect its effects to happen before the event itself arrives as people take up positions in anticipation. Maybe that's already happened/happening, maybe it's yet to come.
End result: it's a crapshoot what the effects will be, markets are ever-unpredictable, and by the time it's obvious it will have already happened.
@_date: 2015-11-03 13:48:43
I'm familiar with the use of the 'pipe' character, |
But the one with the gap in the middle? Â¦
(I'm also wondering if they're displaying the same for everyone, because the characters that actually appear on my keycaps are the other way around - the solid line is on the key I press to get the broken line and vice versa)
@_date: 2015-02-09 19:58:11
Extremely difficult to say, because the price is not a big balloon pumped up full of cash that's been "put in", waiting for someone to come along and take it out - every dollar put "in" by someone buying has immediately left in the pocket of whoever was selling. The "market cap" and the "total number of dollars ever spent on bitcoin" figures *are't* related in any simple/linear way.
Theoretically speaking, if everyone with an offshore account simultaneously decided "I need to convert my entire offshore account balance into bitcoin, and I need to do it **NOW**", the price would temporarily sky-rocket as every exchange and broker ran out of supply and the enormous spike in demand just kept chasing every coin it could find regardless of price. If they collectively took a more measured approach then they would perhaps just be a source of upward pressure for however long it took to convert all that cash into coins.
But after the event, with millions (or billions... or trillions, I'm really not sure of the appropriate scale) of dollars converted, unless there's a *continued* source of buying pressure, there's going to be a hard drop. There would still be a much smaller supply of coins available to go around, so the same level of activity and demand would be able to sustain a higher price than before, but it'd still be one hell of a long slow bleed-out, and the fact that all that money was invested wouldn't be able to do anything directly to prop the price up.
@_date: 2016-05-18 19:28:29


Am Brit, wouldn't say "at hospital". Maybe "in hospital", though. But as a sort of pseudo-adjective used in the same way as "ill", rather than a description of the location. So it would always be describing a person.
"He's been in hospital for a week", but "There's an emergency ward in (or at) *the* hospital".
@_date: 2016-07-29 17:09:25


It's a neat idea, but I fear it would be partially neutered by the problem of human laziness, with *most* people just leaving their "Which moderator(s) to trust" settings set to whatever the default is, and determining the default becoming the new means of picking a "master".
@_date: 2016-07-03 15:51:56
To push this further, you can encode as many numeric answers as you want using powers of primes.
So if you want to know answers A, B and C, use your single question to ask for 2^A \* 3^B \* 5^C then factor the answer you get to retrieve the values you wanted.
@_date: 2016-07-18 12:03:52
Could've. Didn't. Saw $70 in July 2013 and passed it up.
At each subsequent point in time I felt sure it was going to drop further. Or start dropping. Or at least level off.  
I mean it couldn't possibly continue that exponential curve for *another* week.
I guess I was just suspicious of it all, having so recently been burned in April.
@_date: 2013-04-15 00:02:32
I see there's no such thing as a post with enough obvious sentiment of self-deprecation that it doesn't draw obnoxious remarks from shit-heads trying to sound cool.
There's no need to get too excited about the profit that... apparently you personally have taken from me with your razor-sharp instincts and intellect, I'm not bemoaning a *large* loss, just a bizarrely consistent result of everything doing the exact opposite of what I expect.
@_date: 2013-07-19 11:53:54
~~No, they accidentally credited him with 92 quadrillion.~~ Edit: Sorry, turns out the intial reporting was wrong, and the reported balance was indeed negative
Unsigned 64-bit integer underflow: 2^63 - 1 = 9,223,372,036,854,775,807, which if taken to be a number of cents is 92 quadrillion dollars (and pretty much dead on the amount reported, give or take $50 worth of rounding)
~~So it looks like Paypal did something stupid like subtracting more from his account than was in there, and using unsigned arithmetic to do it (so instead of getting a negative result they got an enormous positive)~~
Also-edit: So given that negative balances are a thing, they can't just have accidentally underflowed an unsigned balance... maybe the calculation for the amount of some particular transaction was treated as unsigned, and the result was deducted from his account.
@_date: 2013-04-24 14:33:42
MtGox will let you bounce trades back and forward pretty much as fast as you like. No waiting period to speak of beyond the time taken for your order to be processed and executed.
@_date: 2013-08-05 10:15:37
They didn't say *anything* about withdrawals. No "this is the current status", no "this is what we're doing to improve the situation", no "this is when you can expect to see your money", nothing.
This is the single biggest question hanging over their operation - do they have the funds to cover all deposits, and are they able to send you money on request, and they didn't say a word towards it. 
I don't care how fast the trade engine is or what they're doing to the interface design, that pales in comparison to my care about whether money I have with Gox is ever going to translate back into money in my bank.
@_date: 2013-05-07 14:46:34
There's a lag period before the difficulty is adjusted to compensate for the greater hashing power available.
@_date: 2013-04-28 02:02:49
I don't know how familiar you are with the charts, but look at something like bitcoinity.org, the bottom chart on the site in particular. 
The green line shows how many coins people are willing to buy at a given price - if the rate dropped lower, more people would want to buy. The red line shows how many coins people are willing to sell at a given price - if the rate was higher, more people would want to sell.
The price sits at the point where those lines intersect, the point that's just high enough that no-one wants to buy, but just low enough that no-one wants to sell (true as of each moment in time, but not for any longer). Anyone willing to buy higher or sell lower has already traded with someone (or is sitting on their hands and hasn't declared their willingness yet).
When someone comes along wanting to buy, they have to convince a seller to part with their coins, so they pay the extra price to satisfy the people holding coins who want more money than the current rate. If someone wants to sell, they have to appeal to buyers by selling at a lower price.
@_date: 2013-07-03 16:15:27
The problem here is that increasing the length of your key makes it more difficult to *use* the key, as well as more difficult to break a message encrypted with it.
Historically, security has been achieved by a dramatic asymmetry between the work required to encrypt a message and the work required to bruteforce the key, but for certain flavours of crypto there are quantum algorithms that break the asymmetry, and make breaking a key feasible in a small-ish multiple of the effort required to use the key.
Practical large-scale quantum computers spell game-over for that type of crypto, but not everything is solved faster with quantum algorithms. There are classical crypto methods that would still be secure, and quantum-based crypto that would be even more secure than the current state of things.
The dangerous period is when QC is developed enough for a state-funded blackhat (maybe Chinese, maybe the NSA, pick your favourite enemy) to deploy one, but not common enough for everyone else to be using quantum crypto.
@_date: 2016-07-03 16:00:37
The faucets in the "old days" were funded by altruistic donors who could give away a chunk of coins because at that point they held little value and it was worthwhile to let people play around and experiment with a small quantity as a learning experience.
The faucets *now* are probably employing the users as a CAPTCHA solving army so that their bots can register accounts and post spam. Or making money from ads displayed. Or both.
@_date: 2013-08-06 00:55:56
Bitcoin is a shared ledger (an accounting book), called the blockchain. The ledger has a long list of addresses and balances; the number of coins owned by each address. That balance can be a whole number or a fraction down to many decimal places.
I mentioned the ledger was called the blockchain. Each 'block' is a collection of transactions that have been added to the ledger, and blocks are "chained" together using cryptography. Conceptually, each block is an updated copy of the ledger - you can see old versions by looking at older blocks in the chain.
You can verify the balance of any particular address by checking through old blocks, looking at the transactions that put coins into the address you're examining. So address A will have "Balance: 5 coins. Transactions: 3.5 coins from address B, 1.5 coins from address C" and B and C will have outgoing transactions pointing to A, and incoming transactions to prove that they ever had those coins to give.
You can follow those links all the way back to where each coin was originally mined, which appears as a transaction with no source, paid to the miner who found the block. So, to "own a bitcoin" means to know the private key for an address that has had coins sent to it, but hasn't spent them yet.
Mining is the process for adding new blocks to the chain - verifying that transactions meet the rules (no-one trying to spend coins they don't have) and making them 'official'. So that no-one can easily run-up a fake ledger that says they own all the coins, mining is made artificially difficult - you have to do a lot of meaningless busy work (which contains an element of luck), the output of which is needed to sign off a block and add it to the chain.
So to summarise, users control addresses, and addresses contain a balance of coins. Users can make a transaction saying "give some of my coins to this other address" and broadcast it to everyone, and then miners collect together a bunch of transactions and update the ledger with them. Mining is (computationally) difficult, on purpose, and you get paid a reward for doing it, plus any fees that have been included with transactions so as to get priority processing.
That's the theory of how it works. How you actually use it in practice... you need a wallet to store your coins and send transactions from - you can use a web wallet like blockchain.info, or a software client like BitcoinQT. Which is more secure is debatable, but web wallets are generally easier. You'll also need some way of obtaining coins - like obtaining any other currency you'll either need to go to an exchange (MtGox, Bitstamp etc) or find someone who can pay you in bitcoin for something (localbitcoins, etc). 
Then you find someone who accepts coins as payment, and tell your wallet to send coins to their address. Wait 10 minutes and any amount of money can be sent halfway around the world, irrespective of borders or banks.
@_date: 2013-05-17 12:28:23


Could you explain this point? To my mind, automated EMA-based trading would tend to increase the size of the swings - market goes up, EMA lags a bit but goes up, bots jump on the wagon and bid the market up even higher, and vice versa when it drops. 
How would it cause a triangle? (Genuine question, want to increase my understanding if I'm mistaken).
@_date: 2013-07-23 21:37:29
I heavily suspect that I'm missing the point of what you're saying; I'd have thought the solution to a sudoku puzzle would be fairly readily verifiable - just check it follows the rules; no empty spaces, only 1 of each number/symbol in each row/column/sub-grid.
Ah, wait, I see the problem (maybe). If you use Hash( block^X ) as an input to generate a sudoku puzzle, then just require the solution as part of the header to block^X+1 then the same solved puzzle is equally valid for many different next blocks.
I may still not see the problem - pretty sure that one could be worked around, so I assume you're thinking of a bigger problem.
@_date: 2013-06-25 09:21:12


Qatar?  (I had to double check; turns out that is a real country)
@_date: 2013-05-28 17:48:57
You are very not good at read chart.
@_date: 2013-07-04 13:58:56
Maybe don't make your post a link directly to the scam?
I mean, the .onion address didn't resolve for me with my non-Tor ways, but still, bad form.
@_date: 2013-05-14 18:32:02
That sounds like re-creating some of the problems that bitcoin could otherwise be solving - why should I have to hand over my money to someone else to keep it safe? Why would I want to pay a fee to have money? (any bank account paying an interest rate below inflation is essentially charging a fee), Why should I have to wait to access my money?
If that sounds demanding, it's supposed to be, we should be asking more of our monetary system than the shitty deal we get at the moment.
Edit: hopefully some smart person with smart money behind them is out there right now devising a way to store coins securely without imposing fees and waiting times. God-speed to them, and may their offering make them mildly rich.
@_date: 2013-07-03 13:54:32
If you open an account with an exchange, you can do a bank wire directly to their account. Shouldn't need to leave your chair for that, but they'll probably want to see some ID for legal reasons.
Buying with a credit card (or paypal) is problematic because of the potential for scammers to "pay" for coins, then issue a chargeback after they've received them. There's no way to reverse a bitcoin transaction so the seller would be 100% out of pocket.
That's basically the source of the difficulty - cash, whether dropped off at a bank or traded in hand, is irrevocable. Bank wires are going to be tricky to reverse, probably needing a court order. Anything else is just too risky. 
You can find the occasional seller accepting Paypal/credit card, but either their prices will be higher to accommodate the risk or they'll eventually be posting here about how they got ripped off.
@_date: 2013-05-29 19:45:52
That all sounds like at least partly sense 
I mean, "their engineering was so bad they couldn't help but make things to an excellent quality" is a little suspect, but I see what you're saying - more consistent and controllable quality narrows the bell curve and could be giving us a world where everything lasts just beyond its warranty rather than some things being utter crap and others being built to last forever.
But I suspect there has always been a divide between manufacturers aiming to make quality goods that are built as well as they can feasibly make them, and those cutting corners, making something just good enough to sell and not caring if their work is occasionally shoddy. Good craftmanship still exists, you just have to pay more for it.
@_date: 2013-05-07 00:22:54
51% of the ordinary clients is meaningless, the danger is in single entities controlling significant percentages of the total hash-rate for mining.
Even then, "51%" is a shorthand - there's a non-zero chance of successfully mining a few new blocks in a row (branched from an older point in the chain so as to re-write history and commit a double-spend) even if you only control 10% of the hash-rate, it's just harder to do with smaller portions.
Having a majority would let you statistically expect to eventually out-race the rest of the network, given long enough, so it's a little significant, but controlling (say) 40% would be pretty powerful too.
@_date: 2013-04-21 00:03:54
Not sure how I see the process of discovering some random driver's bitcoin address, unless we all start painting giant QR codes on our cars.
Another idea for the pile though - street musician/busker types - put up a banner behind you with your QR code/address, let people throw money in whatever increment they like into a virtual tip jar.
@_date: 2013-04-30 21:04:19
That might have it nailed - buyers puts down Price + E, seller sends goods, the money is out of reach of both parties until the buyer presses the button, releasing payment to the seller with a small excess which he then repays.
It's in the buyer's interest to release the payment, because otherwise he's definitely out by that extra amount (as opposed to merely "maybe lost it, if the seller is an asshole"), the total amount being risked to trust is limited to that excess, and the seller has little incentive to over-charge by holding onto the extra if he ever wants repeat business/favourable reviews/word of mouth advertising.
@_date: 2013-05-12 22:26:28
"I am 12" was a new twist, but "bitcoin sure is hard to buy" is a pretty common thread... 
@_date: 2013-06-25 09:28:17
It'd be 2016 blocks before the difficulty adjusted again, which could take a while if it'd just been pushed through the roof by a mega-miner.
Edit: Did not know this


Makes sense.
@_date: 2013-05-17 15:42:11


I think the obvious question here is 'wat?'
Or to be more literate about it, where exactly is this region of which you speak?
@_date: 2013-07-03 08:48:03
I think he's just picking on your grammar in the title - "ASICs" is plural, so it should be "Are ASICs killing Bitcoin?"
Either that, or the mismatch is bugging me out, and I'm projecting that onto @_date: 2013-07-19 09:19:03
Whatever you do, take it seriously. Take the time to learn what you're buying and how it works and how to get out in a hurry *before* you need to (the worse time to try to learn that is in an emergency situation). 
Look at the long term charts of the price, spend a few days watching the market to see how it behaves. Not to try and learn how to time it perfectly (that's a popular game, but formally speaking impossible to do) but just to observe the volatility and general flow of things.
Then you have a series of decisions to make - could you walk away happily and without coming to financial harm if your investment disappeared into the aether? Can you stand to see the value of it swing up and down by anything from 10 to 50 percent in the course of a single day without that stressing you out? Once again check that you actually understand what you are buying into... and then maybe it's time to wire some cash to an exchange.
@_date: 2013-05-15 00:34:55
Alternative reading of the above: "I have some bitcoin that I would like to be worth &gt;$100 tomorrow. Please act against your own best judgement to make that happen."
@_date: 2013-10-30 13:50:35
Nope, not from where I'm sat in any case; that's the first usage that comes to mind when I see the word cusp.
@_date: 2013-04-30 18:04:20
4. Buyer gets item and ~~hopefully sends the encrypted key to the seller~~ demands a ransom of, say, 50% of the amount they paid.
5. Seller is stuck in a shitty situation - either they eat a loss of 100% and the buyer is left having paid a fair price for what they received, or they eat a loss of 50% and the buyer gets a bargain.
@_date: 2013-04-15 00:26:28
By my count, that makes three confirmed reports of this phenomenon, I think this calls for a laughably unlikely conspiracy theory. 
I'd speculate that (in complete secrey) 99% or more of the world's bitcoin trading has actually been taken over by a sophisticated algorithm shuffling its money, and that the volume of actual human trade is so low that it can respond to each of us individually, swinging the price up and down in just the right way to separate fools from their money.
@_date: 2013-04-24 08:38:13
The slope of the line gives a very approximate idea of how difficult it's going to be for the price to move - the higher the line, the more coins need to be bought or sold to get the price there.
Hence "buy wall" or "sell wall" - in the chart it looks like a sharp steep rise or a vertical wall, where there are many people willing to trade once the price reaches that point, so it'll stop moving there until all their orders are filled.
Although, caution, it may be an illusion - orders can be cancelled at any time and hence used to send false signals.
@_date: 2013-04-30 21:14:21
I don't really know what I'm looking at, is this a big deal?
"MOMO'S BREAKOUT BOARD" and "Jet Life Penny Stocks" don't sound massively reputable or important, and they're outranking Bitcoin on this list...
@_date: 2013-05-16 15:51:52
MtGox has lost a chunk of their bank-deposited USD, so the fear would be that they might not be able to cover everyone's USD deposits with them. 
How likely that is depends how much cash they had in accounts with Wells Fargo/Dwollar, but to be safe maybe you want to get your money out of Gox in case they declare bankruptcy and your deposit goes down with the ship.
So how do you remove your money from Gox, without access to Dwolla and without paying fees for a wire transfer? You buy bitcoins and withdraw those, take them to another exchange that still has convenient options to withdraw your money and sell there.
@_date: 2013-04-23 01:56:49
*Someone* will always be wanting one more opportunity. Each individual person will want the one opportunity they eventually take, and then continuous exponential rise forever.
@_date: 2013-06-24 16:03:01
*Buying* a lot of bitcoins would drive the price up. *Owning* a lot of bitcoin doesn't do very much unless you manage to own so many as to choke off the "supply" side of supply/demand.
But, with a large quantity of coin at your disposal, you'd be able to push the price in whatever direction you choose by strategically buying more/selling what you hold. Do that in a subtle way, and you can manufacture a dip or a rally, and play on the psychology of other traders.
@_date: 2013-04-09 20:35:47
Not sure where the unaccounted for transfer happened - Natwest were upfront about the conversion rate, in-Europe EUR transfers are supposed to be pretty seamless.
Hmm, I set up a GBP transfer previously, and cancelled when I saw Natwest's fees. It's possible I had the wrong IBAN copied down and accidentally sent Euros to Aurum's GBP account and got bent over in the exchange by their bank in Poland. FML if it's that. 
Is BitStamp trustworthy again now? Unless I have the names confused I thought they were having problems of their own.
@_date: 2013-07-05 15:07:58
Says you.
Edit: If he's not offering any evidence or argument or support for his claim, I don't need any to rebut it.
@_date: 2013-05-21 13:05:50
People were able to abuse it to cause trading-engine lag - set up hundreds of tiny orders at prices a long way from the current market price then a single large one that makes all of them go to "insufficient funds", then cancel it so they all become live again, then place it again...
The engine has to go through all of your other orders to change their status, and it has to do it every time you add/remove that single large order. Apparently that sucked up processing time surprisingly effectively.
@_date: 2013-06-27 15:41:58
Really? Huh, TIL.
I thought they were exclusively a BTC/* exchange, and wouldn't let you trade directly between other currencies. 
@_date: 2013-05-07 01:33:29
If the 'true' price is lower than MrUnlimitedMoney is offering to buy at, you'd be foolish not to take their money (and preferably convert it quickly into something that's not being printed to-order). If it's higher, then the artificial floor is either untested or working.
@_date: 2013-05-14 18:42:26
Holy crap that's ITC Snap... takes me back to my school days when that was the "fun" font all of our super-serious "I am 10 and what is this" powerpoint presentations had to have all over them.
@_date: 2013-06-07 09:40:27
Those 100 different addresses would probably all share the same private key. So no more difficult to import out than the single address. Or, y'know, just initiate a transaction since your wallet will automatically pull funds from any addresses it has access to.
If your account is compromised, that's game over and your coins are probably going to be gone. Focus your security efforts in places where it can actually make a difference - this would just be rearranging the deckchairs on the Titanic.
@_date: 2013-05-28 00:08:12
If you pay with anything that allows chargebacks, expect to pay a premium for the seller to cover the cost associated with taking that risk on you - most people are probably honest, but even if only 1 person in 10 or 100 reverses their payment, everyone else's price has to rise to compensate.
You're almost certainly better off signing up with either an exchange local to you in Denmark (no clue there, sorry) or MtGox, and funding your account with a bank transfer.
@_date: 2013-04-09 12:46:08
True, just a mental divide between "Long-term there is still plenty of headroom for it to go huge" and "Short-term, this could be due for a slump, which would enable buying low"
That, and an irrational attachment to what the price was 3 weeks back. That's only a minor hurdle, I know the nature of the thing is to change, but it's still a hurdle.
@_date: 2013-10-16 21:23:33
Ah, in that case maybe I can help.
MtGox is big (volume helps get your trades through), and you can put money into if if you tell your bank to send Euros via SEPA (after verifying your account by sending some ID). **But** they're temporarily-but-indefinitely a pain in the ass to get non-bitcoin money *out of* and they're running a higher price than most anywhere else.
Bitstamp is Euro-friendly, and has consistently lower prices. Less volume, but as time goes by they're growing.
Localbitcoins may be able to find you a seller in your area, and they'll provide escrow for either cash-in-person sales or online transfers. Prices tend to be set with quite a wide profit margin over the same trade on an exchange though (buying or selling, you pay a premium).
Coinbase I'm pretty sure is US-centric, I've tried to find a way to use them from the UK before... no dice.
@_date: 2013-05-03 09:25:20
Applying for verification puts you into a queue, there was a crazy long back-log when interest suddenly spiked, I think that should have calmed down by now.
Withdrawing coins may well be allowed without verification if the total value is under $1000.
I'm not sure there's such a thing as a temporary wallet, on blockchain or otherwise.
@_date: 2013-07-12 09:15:27
If handled correctly, bitcoin can be as secure as you want it to be. But for someone posting "Should i invest" on reddit, I have to suspect they're not deep enough in this particular rabbit hole to know how to do that.
One bad case of malware or disk failure can be all it takes. Of course there are ways to protect yourself from those things, but people don't necessarily do so until it's already happened once.
@_date: 2013-05-18 11:10:18


I think you meant the other one - in a traditional ledger, black is for money in, red for money out.
@_date: 2013-07-05 11:10:06
There's nothing saying the price of a coin is supposed to be higher than it is. Or anything in particular.
Load up  scroll all the way out (mouse-scroll upwards) then set the resolution to one week. It was the 200 dollar bitcoin that was an aberration.
Now it's returning to something more sensible, without quite so much wild-eyed speculation/unbridled optimism. It'll find a bottom eventually.
Edit: also notable, this is the first time since the crash that the price has decisively (more than very briefly) dipped below the long-term moving average (blue line) on a week-scale.
@_date: 2013-05-16 14:01:48
Read your prediction, then imagine the following scenarios for, say, the next week:
1) The price stays stable at its current point =&gt; you were right! It's staying in the end-of-triangle range
But *something* has to happen eventually, so when it does either...
2) The price drops =&gt; you were right! We're testing $50, or $70 or $30 or $10 or wherever it stops, maybe you were off in the details but hey, we're "testing" *some* lower bound.
3) The price rises =&gt; you were right! You were a little too pessimistic thinking it would go down first, but now we're testing the upper bounds just like you said.
After the fact, no matter what happens you'd be able to say it was roughly what you predicted. Sure, some of it requires being a bit loose with what you said, and you're not being as vague as you could be, but it's still not a very informative prediction.
For me the interesting question isn't "What do you expect", so much as "What do you rule out" - it's a lot easier to notice when someone is wrong if they say "X will definitely not happen" and then it does, than if they've said "Well probably X but also maybe not-X".
@_date: 2013-05-18 10:13:59
Modern computer technology is all derived from the downed UFO at Roswell (as we all know from the movies), the way it *really* works involves a tiny captive spirit at the heart of every microchip, bound in intricate chains of silicon.
When we mine bitcoin, all the hashing is just busy-work designed to raise the temperature of the chip, to make the little ghost uncomfortable until it gives up its secrets, including magic numbers with the mysterious ability to be turned into coins.
@_date: 2013-07-01 20:05:37
Or if they're feeling really sneaky, the occasional bad review to themselves, which then has a swift reply from the official corporate account that appears to resolve the "problem" in a friendly way.
@_date: 2013-05-18 08:51:36
Phone keyboard, I meant "for long"
@_date: 2013-05-21 16:36:16
Not very high, but I'm faster if I use a pencil and paper.
@_date: 2013-05-14 21:49:30
The USD/BTC price on Gox is only "the" price because they have the highest volume and most liquidity of the exchanges (so theirs is a price you're likely to actually be able to trade at). If people vote with their feet, it'll become less relevant.
Can't really blame the exchange itself for the volatility. The lag at certain moments won't have helped, but it would hardly be any more stable without them.
@_date: 2013-06-07 13:13:01
A bitcoin transfer is instant and irreversible. If you could do the same thing with 'ordinary' money then you'd be able to buy/sell bitcoin on the spot, risk-free.
But credit cards allow chargebacks, and Paypal has dispute resolution that can involve reversing the payment. So unless you're willing to pay a premium to cover the risk the seller is taking, you'll have to be either physically handing over cash or doing it by bank wire.
@_date: 2013-07-23 10:35:14
The trouble with any proposed useful proof of work is that it's a really nice property for the "answer" for block^X+1 to be almost wholly dependent on already knowing block^X
Otherwise you could take your mining rig and, instead of racing to solve the current block, look a few blocks ahead and get the jump on mining that one.
Even if you roll the hash of the previous block into the required answer, you'd still have a component that was independent and could be pre-calculated to reduce the work (solution to a particular sudoku, n'th largest prime, properly folded protein, whatever work we're trying to extract)
But if you can come up with a way to generate unique sudoku puzzles from a 256-bit number then you might be on to something.
@_date: 2013-12-13 16:11:21
The big exchanges essentially act like tumblers - coins go in, coins come out, but there's little to no linkage between the ones you put in and the ones you receive.
*But* an exchange presumably has records of who's who. If you're investigating someone and the blockchain trail terminates in an exchange you can press them with whatever force the law allows to hand over the info you want.
@_date: 2013-07-05 19:34:58
Plot it on a log scale and it wouldn't look significant until it hit $10
I hope you're not serious; you don't sound serious, but it's hard to tell.
@_date: 2013-07-05 10:41:25
Are... are people competing to set a record for the most money paid for one bitcoin? Is that a thing? 
If so, I need to get their contact details, arbitrage the crap out of that market.
@_date: 2013-05-18 08:50:09
If you look myopically at recent history, sure, it's been within that range for a little while. My point is that staying within any particular range for looking is decidedly abnormal.
@_date: 2013-05-15 16:53:01
SEPA transfer for me. I may not be representative of the US market though, being a filthy European 'n all.
@_date: 2013-05-20 16:52:07
No idea whether there's a legal requirement, but I can see that being easier to run - if you dispense USD, you might run out of physical cash and then you have to go and restock it. Run it as a vending machine and you just have to empty it frequently enough that it doesn't fill up to capacity, while the product you're selling is intangible and sent over the network.
@_date: 2013-12-13 16:06:55


All that hard work of splitting coins up and circulating them among many wallets will likely be undone when you find you have to recombine the balances to put together a payment for something.
Your disparate addresses will just end up correlated together if/when they're used to fund the same transaction. It *can* be avoided, but it's not easy.
@_date: 2013-06-26 16:34:11
You could do that, if you're sure you'll get those dollars back (and there's enough money to be made to cover *all* the costs, including whatever you pay to move money in/out of exchanges, transaction fees, and the potential loss from price movement while you're moving the bitcoin around)
The risk of Gox withdrawals never coming back, or Gox going down with everyone's money, is not a big risk (or people would be fleeing from Gox en masse, driving the USD price ever higher in the process), but it's a small risk, and hence the price difference comes about because of the actions of the highly risk averse, and those who need their money from Gox right the hell now, without waiting until whenever they get their shit together.
@_date: 2013-12-27 01:22:50
Well, I guess that rules out lag unless they're *really* having problems. 
I also can't find any indication of them being a 'meta-exchange' that would swap orders with another exchange's order book for any tricky business to arise that way.
Looks a lot like they dun goofed, which is troubling - executing orders in the right order is a pretty basic thing for an exchange to get right. Seems like an unlikely thing to happen, so hopefully there's an explanation I'm missing.
@_date: 2013-08-31 21:51:50


This one is actually true of real life. Except the brain constantly 'paints in' what it expects to see a fraction of a second into the future and modifies your memory to cover any mistakes.
@_date: 2013-05-10 22:21:31
It'll take a long time get down to the last coin, but we're getting exponentially closer all the time.
Half of all the coins that will ever be mined, have already been mined. Within 4 years (when the next halving comes around) we'll have reached 3/4 and then 4 years after that, 7/8
So it's kinda like ketchup... you can squeeze out "all" of it really quickly, then spend forever trying to get out every last little scraping.
@_date: 2013-04-28 10:38:01
I see the top explanation even then was artificial price manipulation, although by the miners rather than "The Fed" or "Wall Street"
@_date: 2013-07-01 15:06:07
It's run by the collective efforts of many computers (largely the miners, also everyone running a 'full node' client that relays blocks). They work together to establish a shared agreement about the state of the ledger of bitcoin, a document describing who owns which coins and all the transactions that prove that they own them (because they were given them by someone else, who was in turn given them by someone else, and so on back)
New coins enter the system each time a valid block is found, and the rules that govern what makes a block is valid, as well as the rules about changing difficulty, and the rules about halving the block reward every so often, are all part of the protocol agreed between the miners. 
You could try and publish an invalid block or break some other rule, but you'd be on your own private version of bitcoin from that point on, with no-one else giving any fucks to make your new altcoin worth anything.
@_date: 2013-08-25 13:51:57
Those two charts show the exact same data, but the presentation psychologically affects how we read them and the conclusions we draw.
One isn't really any more or less correct than the other, but the choice of scale is a de facto choice of interpretation, and immediately liable to motivated reasoning - if you want the "story" to be about meteroic growth, you pick a log scale, if you want it to be about a big crash, you pick a linear scale. 
Put shortly, your bias is showing. Especially when your reason for the choice is "to demonstrate the growth of bitcoin" - that's your choice of story right there. You're not seeking to be led by the data to a conclusion, you're starting with the conclusion of rampant growth and picking your chart to support it.
@_date: 2013-05-17 16:31:47
I'm looking at that bid with suspicion, have to wonder if it's just there to hover below the current price and and encourage some unwarranted confidence.
@_date: 2013-05-14 17:40:59
"Bitcoins are random numbers" and variants thereof is becoming a bit of a personal rage-button for me. Well, 'rage' may be over-stating it... a mild-annoyance-button if you will.
There is no number that you can take in isolation and say "this number, this one is a bitcoin". The ledger as a whole may be recorded in numbers, but you might as well say that any digital information is "a random number" (technically it is all very large numbers in binary, but the context and means of interpretation are crucial). 
@_date: 2013-05-05 17:56:39
Not with the current setup - the problem isn't one of compute power, it's an excessive amount of traffic being directed at, say, MtGox's servers. 
To help at all, you'd need to be mitigating the flood by discarding suspect packets from the network, which you physically can't do unless you're a part of the internet infrastructure, and a part fairly close to Gox at that.
Theoretically, you could make an exchange more robust by distributing it over many people's systems, so that there was no one point to direct a flood of traffic to, but a distributed exchange that remains trustworthy is an entirely separate project (I've seen it discussed, but it's a Hard Problem, not something miners can just divert some resources to to help out with).
Edit: Also, as a computer scientist, I don't think you understand the meaning of the term "brute-force" - it applies to mining because the only way to find the hash you need is to try all the possible inputs to the function until the right output just happens to come out. DDoS isn't trying to compute anything.
@_date: 2013-08-31 21:50:14
Well, I *guess*, I mean if that turned out to be the Real Laws of Physics, then I'd have to just go "huh, neat". But if we're talking about the realm of fiction it'd be nicer if it had as much elegance to it as a contrived set of rules for time travel possibly can.
Besides, moral hazard: If each position on the tape is a self-contained universe at a particular moment in time, then overwriting the tape ends a universe for every moment overwritten  :P
@_date: 2013-07-05 19:36:01
Why is she licking that flower?
Wait a minute...
@_date: 2013-10-23 15:35:07
I think the comparison being drawn is to the aspect of Ponzi schemes where, in order to make money, you have to recruit others into the scheme.
I mean, that's self-evidently not true of bitcoin - you don't need any 'network' below you to make money, just buy low and sell high, but the way some people seem to approach bitcoin evangelism (seeking to get more people involved without stopping to think whether it makes sense for each individual) I can understand it giving off that same slightly cultish impression.
@_date: 2013-12-19 17:54:19
You can't really fault people for acting to protect their own interests - a business may not be able to survive exposing themselves to the risk/volatility of bitcoin right now.
But there'll be some who are able and willing, and hopefully that will slowly/incrementally build stability until it becomes an acceptable risk for a broader range of businesses.
@_date: 2013-04-12 09:16:08
Question for those saying the delay of moving money around would make it harder - can't you overcome that by holding a balance on each exchange?
Say you had $1000 USD and 100 BTC (numbers from thin air, precise values are unimportant) and saw an arbitrage opportunity - you could buy BTC on one exchange at the same time as selling on the other, so as to maintain the same total BTC across the two but increase your total in USD.
If the price difference was persistent in one direction you'd need to level out the balances every so often, but you'd be doing that at your leisure rather than at a time-critical moment in the middle of the trade process.
@_date: 2013-11-30 21:31:08


@_date: 2013-06-04 08:43:00
Almost every transaction will involve a change address - when you send an address some coins you have to point to transactions that paid into your address as proof that you really do have those coins. Those are the inputs. When you re-spend an input you have to spend all of it, but you can divide it up as you do so. So if you've been paid 1btc and you're sending 0.5, you'll put in the transaction "0.5 to that guy, 0.5 back to me, here's a 1btc incoming transaction to prove I'm good for it"
But you typically use a fresh address for the change, so that the transaction doesn't (strictly speaking) tell anyone which was the intended recipient and which was the change. It can kinda sorta be deduced, but it makes it just a little bit harder to track who's paying who and how much.
@_date: 2013-11-28 14:42:59
You may want to spend the time to get used to a few others - bitcoinity has been lagging quite nastily lately. On the way through $1000 it was still reporting prices in the 990s when the actual price was headed rapidly for 1100.
I'd recommend bitcoinwisdom for the price chart and trading.i286.org for a depth chart. Keep both of those and bitcoinity open and you can watch the numbers in the tab titles as a continual check that they're all in sync - if they aren't then you need to figure out which one is wrong.
@_date: 2013-07-16 13:45:11
Are you at all worried that the perceived benefits might be in part an unconscious rationalisation of all the effort and hardship you sunk into it?
Not accusing you of lies, just aware that that's a thing a brain can do without you knowing.
@_date: 2013-07-03 14:06:57
The fuck is this bullshit... I'm in the UK, but I can't access BBC content 


Must be some sort of regulation preventing the BBC showing ads to UK users. Maybe as a way to stop them loopholing out of the "no advertising" requirements by putting everything through "bbc worldwide"
Still. For fuck's sake.
@_date: 2013-04-29 21:15:07
A point of pedantry; 'lost' coins aren't technically gone forever... they're still there, just attached to an address that no-one knows the key for.
If, in the long infinity of time, someone were to generate the same key again, by chance or by bruteforce, the coins would be accessible. But given the size of the address space it'd take until the sun burned out before that's likely to happen.
So basically gone forever, but there's a slim hope of not.
@_date: 2013-05-17 16:28:10
I was really not expecting to see the price over $120 any time soon. Anyone want to throw around some baseless speculation about what happens next?
@_date: 2013-04-24 16:08:38
I think the path of fewest steps is to open accounts with MtGox and AurumXChange, then do a SEPA transfer to AurumXChange's account in Poland.
Whether it's cheaper to do that in Euros or GBP depends on your bank and how much you send - fees may be higher for sending sterling across Europe, because the cost of sending Euros is regulated, but then your bank's EUR/GBP exchange rate isn't necessarily competitive. 
Just have to do the sums to see how much of each currency you can get to Aurum post exchange rate &amp; fees, then see how many USD they'll give you for that to pick the better one.
Oh, and be careful if you check both that you don't accidentally send Euros to their GBP account or vice versa, that's a good way to get royally fucked by the exchange rate at their bank.
@_date: 2013-05-28 23:37:33
People don't always behave like rational agents - look up the 'wealth effect' - when the price shoots upwards people are more generous with their newfound gains, more inclined to spend, because hey, I'm rich now, I can afford it.
@_date: 2016-07-30 01:10:10
Solid point, would definitely lower the barrier on reducing a bad mod's influence.
@_date: 2013-07-11 09:42:55


If you were going to a foreign country, you'd change your money at a currency exchange then go to a shop to buy things. Same deal with bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-07-05 12:19:35
Unlikely to directly cause damage unless that puts it outside of its recommended temperature range (for which I suggest Google), but a GPU under load will probably have a shorter lifetime before a fault appears than if it spent the same amount of time at idle. 
@_date: 2013-05-14 22:08:46
If "the government" shared a single giant hive-mind, that would be difficult to believe. 
But is it really so hard to imagine that a bitcoin-ignorant group exists, within some agency or other, with enough people/enough authority to get a court order.
@_date: 2013-07-06 15:14:06
Yeah, my thinking was that it would have to mean there was some other prime-number based work that would be useful but also dependent on previous work having already been done.
@_date: 2013-07-29 13:35:06
Selling Bitcoin on Ebay for Paypal payment is a ludicrously bad idea.
You'll get scammed by "buyers" issuing chargebacks because Paypal sides with the buyer unless there's proof of postage, which there isn't, and even if you don't get ripped off, you can get shut down by Paypal as soon as they catch on to what you're selling (it's against their terms of service to trade currencies that way).
My guess is that this seller is trying to reduce the risk of buyer fraud by taking your ID, so that you can't later claim your account was hacked without having to also claim that "hackers" stole your ID.
@_date: 2013-11-10 02:12:08


No they can't. It doesn't work that way. I'm not even sure where to start to correct the error in your understanding.
By analogy, imagine if someone said professional sports were a scam because someone could just announce that they'd scored all the points (or whatever, I'm no sports fan). That's the level of wrong I'm looking at here.
The balance of bitcoin an address has is determined by consensus between *everyone* in the bitcoin network - if you try to break the rules and disagree with the blockchain, you just create your own pretend version of bitcoin that no-one else cares about, like someone doodling dollar bills on printer paper. It would be *that* transparent, if not moreso.
@_date: 2013-04-26 13:16:58
Trivial to do, but difficult to provide a reason for anyone to want to. If a newcoin with better features came out, maybe that'd attract enough market to get it's own network effect rolling, but a direct clone wouldn't offer anything extra to sway people over, and without that it wouldn't get off the ground.
@_date: 2013-05-17 12:30:16


That sounded like a prediction to me, not sure what other way to read it.
@_date: 2013-04-09 13:49:22
Not unless the market drops - what you have there is an open request asking to buy at $34, which won't be filled unless someone can be found who's willing to sell at $34 (or rather, enough people willing to sell at $34 that all the other open bids higher than yours get filled as well)
@_date: 2013-07-10 18:27:15
Depends on your browser, your operating system, whether you had Javascript enabled, and how competent the phisher was at setting up an evil li'l site.
You *may* be fine, or a drive-by download could have totally owned your computer. Hard to say.
@_date: 2013-05-06 00:31:58
You can publicise it and talk about it, so that people who are confused by it stand a chance of learning to ignore it, and the market as a whole can get just a little bit smarter about it.
Like how artificially (or organically, for that matter) inducing lag on Gox used to cause panic-selling, and recently has barely been a blip.
@_date: 2013-04-30 23:17:52
I'm familiar with the bottom chart, didn't notice a wall sat there, but I guess it might have appeared then been eaten within the refresh rate of the graph.
@_date: 2013-07-05 09:30:18
Could always try But if you're unemployed, you might want to focus your efforts on getting a job that pays you in the kind of money you can definitely pay rent/bills with, without having to worry about waiting around for a withdrawal from an exchange.
@_date: 2013-12-10 01:50:14
If it's still synchronising, then it hasn't caught up to the present day in the blockchain. Once the client receives and processes the block where you transferred those coins, it'll know that they're in the address controlled by the key it has access to and will be able to display your balance correctly.
Essentially, it's behind on the news and still reading through the backlog - it'll reach the page where your transfer happened eventually. Although if its reading slower than new blocks are happening, that could take a while... not sure how tenable it is to run a 'full' client with internet access that slow - might be time to look at running a 'lite' client instead (which relies on a remote server for blockchain queries instead of downloading a local copy)
@_date: 2013-05-20 08:36:30
Just for the record, I believe I remember being told that Cnut *wasn't* crazy vain, and that the 'commanding the tide' incident was to prove that he wasn't actually all-powerful, and that even kings were powerless before God.
So rather than it being "Yo bitches, check out my awesome power over the tide... aww shit, my feet got wet", more like "Oh for the love of, you think I can command the tide? Well watch this... look at these wet feet, I fucking told you so".
@_date: 2013-06-17 01:29:47
Personally, I think widespread subscription to supernatural explanations and authority-based morality is harmful in a very broad-ranging way. But does it really need saying that everything has an implied "This is purely my own opinon" attached?
(I think that) Some beliefs really are just more legitimate than others, by the yardstick of how well they align with observable reality. You must have some sort of threshold for yourself, below which you reject ideas as "nope, that's crazy". Unless you're going to say that it's perfectly legitimate to think that reptilian CIA agents are controlling peoples brains through their fillings.
(As far as I'm concerned) There is something deeply wrong with the fluffy moral equivalence that says all ideas are equally worthy of 'respect' and consideration, where respect has been re-interpreted from letting people believe what they want into "You may not criticise this, for it is a person's opinion and therefore sacred"
Once again, neither intention nor desire to modify or prohibit anyone's inner convinctions or their announcing them, or their practicing them. But I expect and demand the equal freedom to state what I believe to be true, even when that thought is "Belief X be crazy".
@_date: 2013-08-31 20:34:37
Huh... interesting one. That's kind of how I imagine Back to the Future working - you go back, you change things, those changes start propagating forwards in time, but slowly, so when they reach your siblings birth they disappear from photos and when it starts to encroach on your own existence you start to fade unless you can set things approximately right. It's not strictly consistent, but whatever, BttF was awesome.
Interesting idea with the forked 'read head' - hadn't considered that one. So you'd effectively have a universe rolling forwards from time n, and a second universe overwriting it slowly from time n-1. But if a universe can carry on just fine as its past is overwritten, why have the past "written to tape" in the first place?
@_date: 2013-04-11 15:38:37
To trade on an exchange you would have a wallet held with them. You can then either use that as your main wallet (and be somewhat tied to the exchange) or transfer coins out to a wallet you control locally.
@_date: 2013-05-01 15:15:35
Hmm, I think it may be probably provably impossible to do this perfectly; there is still the possible gap in the net where the buyer sends money but the seller doesn't send goods.
There's no direct gain for the seller as they won't get paid, but we once again have a situation where one party can be an asshole without risking any loss. If your motivation was just to render lots of coins inaccessible (or trolling perhaps), this would be a way to trick people into handing them over willingly.
Probably still the best-case though - it's a lot harder to fake looking like a reputable seller than it is to fake being a trustworthy buyer.
@_date: 2013-05-20 10:10:30


The example you quoted only has 2 outputs
* 4012696 to 1FHxB6faYUpxhdN2RTsrJXJRo2AwsgYNKV
* 1551014 to 18XSLnBZ8ydMUkaifU6sQBMJzmm7JvDeUp
@_date: 2013-04-09 13:06:18
As of right now, funds are still in clearing-limbo between me and Gox. But in general, no need to try and convince me of anything. I'll make my own choices, just came to share.
@_date: 2013-05-14 13:29:53
Similar deal here, but with around 1% of the quantity.
If I had that kind of money in it... pretty sure I'd be migrating toward the super-human security end of the spectrum.
@_date: 2013-04-10 00:20:11
From experience, if you go back to the site when it's forgotten who you are, instead of having boxes for identifier/password it instead just has a box for alias - enter that and it fills in your identifier for you.
Edit: actually, if I clear the contents of the identifer box, the 'reminder' text is "Identifier or Alias". You'll be fine so long as you know alias+password.
@_date: 2013-06-07 09:53:11
So, about number 5 on your list of "businesses less likely to attract bitcoin spenders"... you are aware of Silk Road, right?
I can see your point, maybe. It seems to be commonplace to spend on credit then figure out how to pay it back later, whereas bitcoin is (for now) only used by spending money that you already have. But don't under-estimate the appeal of pseudonymity for certain types of purchase. 
@_date: 2013-05-03 08:56:47
Your balance in Gox can either be used to buy/sell between bitcoins and other currencies, *or* you can turn it around and withdraw it back out to your wallet.
Exactly how easy that is will depend on how many coins we're talking about and whether you have a verified account on Gox (bit of a pain in the ass, but they have to see some ID for anyone moving large amounts of money through, and I'm not sure what the withdrawal limits are like for unverified accounts)
But in principle, funds you have on Gox can be withdrawn and spent, otherwise there'd be no point in anyone buying coins there.
@_date: 2013-04-29 14:27:30
Either that, or it'll be mentally compared to the little prayer-cards religious folk have been known to leave instead of tips.
@_date: 2013-04-26 14:28:15
If you're interested,  does a pretty good job of de-mystifying, if you've got the time to read... quite a lot.
@_date: 2013-04-16 22:45:29
So far as I can tell, the theory is
(1) Dump money into bitcoin, raising the exchange rate in an attention-drawing kind of way
(2) People pile on band-wagon style, driving the price much higher than your initial shot in the arm
(3) Sell out at a convenient moment for a tidy profit, with the side effect of sharply dropping the price
(4) Reverse bandwagon, crash
(5) Buy cheap, repeat.
What it's missing is that bubbles don't have to be orchestrated, they pretty much just happen. Theory may say that you get a stable-ish market when everyone acts rationally and independently but back in the real world more than enough people are just following what everyone else seems to be doing. Then you get bandwagons and sudden shocks without any need for a malicious/manipulating hand.
@_date: 2013-04-22 20:23:27
Or it can continue floating around 120 for a while and then do both in quick succession. Markets don't move predictably because any time it becomes universally obvious what's going to happen next, that thing has in fact probably already happened.
@_date: 2013-07-10 23:57:16
I hear second-hand there are people on bitcointalk very openly talking about how they're deliberately pushing the price up through the walls (I realise this should be taken with about 10 tonnes of salt, but for the duration of this post at least, I'm assuming it's accurate). Not "buying in" per se, pushing the price around. Motivation unknown... I guess hoping for more people to jump on the bandwagon.
Frankly I'm annoyed by the idea. I'm not going to make some histrionic call for them to banned from the internet or prevented from doing such a thing; that'd be futile and if they've got the funds to do it they're as much a part of the market as anyone else.
But it does make it feel pretty pointless to try to reason about what's going on when every trend can apparently be created or counteracted by some bored asshole.
@_date: 2013-07-19 15:02:58
suggest otherwise.
And [these](
suggest that it's a bad idea to sell bitcoin via Paypal even without the chargebacks.
@_date: 2013-07-19 13:46:02
Any seller who accepts Paypal is going to get scammed by fraudulent chargebacks. Since there is no physical item to provide proof-of-postage for, Paypal always sides with the buyer and refunds their money.
@_date: 2013-06-24 11:06:37
You'll also need a plan for how to verify reports of a site scamming customers
On the one hand you could run a successful scam by only stealing from 1 customer in 20, or 1 in 100, so the "Seems legit" reports far outnumber the "I got scammed" complaints.
On the other, if only a small number of reports are needed to blacklist a site, persons of low morals could blackmail a site owner by threatening to have them blacklisted with false reports.
@_date: 2013-11-19 18:02:16
I've been looking at Bitfinex with interest, care to share your experience in more detail?
@_date: 2013-12-19 17:49:13
Seems like the right choice, offering BTC refunds would expose you to more risk in the long-run if you're instantly converting to USD on each purchase. This time it works in the favour of the guy receiving the refund, but if the price had doubled instead of dropped you'd end up out of pocket to cover the cost of buying the coin to refund them with.
Of course if this were Hypothetical Bitcoin Utopia Futureland, then your costs, your prices, and your cashflow would all be in btc, and the argument would be exactly reversed... maybe someday.
@_date: 2013-05-16 11:36:55
Doubt it'd be as easy as asking someone at random and having them already up to speed - if you take that route, be prepared to explain how bitcoin works.
[This]( would suggest that, when filing a tax return, you convert amounts in foreign currency to their dollar equivalent, using the 'prevailing exchange rate' at the time when you received/paid it.
Edit: Hmm, xrandr raises an important question - bitcoin: currency, or commodity? Trading on the stock markets would be taxed differently than doing business in cash. But from what I've heard the regulation that's happening seems to suggest it being treated as a currency.
Possible solution: if you've made money by way of "Buy bitcoin, price rises, sell bitcoin", consider it capital gains (or if you lost money, capital loss, which can be counted back against your gains/other income within certain limits). That actually might apply even if you haven't 'cashed out' yet but your assets have gained in value. On the other hand if you're making money by selling things for bitcoin, treat it as income in another currency and convert to USD at the time of payment.
Or, since capital gains tends to have a lower tax rate, it could be argued that when you sell an item for bitcoin it's essentially a barter-like trade (since bitcoin isn't backed by any government as official currency or legal tender), and the difference in value between what you sold and the bitcoin you received is a capital gain.
@_date: 2013-05-17 12:31:24
You can't arbitrarily give extra weight to miners you've decided to trust - the protocol just follows the longest valid chain, regardless of who mined it.
@_date: 2013-04-17 13:56:24
Sent from the UK to AurumXchange in Poland, took a couple of days.
@_date: 2013-04-16 17:03:23
 &gt; Like I said in the title I know nothing
Then there's a good chance you'll lose money this way. 
Take the time to learn exactly what you're getting into, the risks involved, how you get out in a hurry if you need to... all that necessary info, before you leap in blind.
Above all else, don't trust a subreddit's advice, everyone here probably has a stake in bitcoin and hence would indirectly benefit from you losing your money.
@_date: 2013-11-24 21:24:12
Okay, maybe it's not insane wealth, but it's a significant chunk of cash to suddenly have 'extra'. I'd guess enough to draw requests for money, whether joking or otherwise.
@_date: 2013-04-15 11:05:13
I've heard second-hand that Transferwise + BitStamp is the cheapest method, or you can get money to MtGox via AurumXChange (bank transfer to Poland, possibly also combines well with Transferwise, otherwise check your banks fees for sending money abroad - EUR may be cheaper)
@_date: 2013-05-02 09:37:54
Mixing would be a way of anonymising your coins - get 10 people together, have them pool their coins, then pay them back. You don't get back the coins you came in with, so any traceable history your coins may have had to other transactions no longer leads back to you. Or rather, leads back to you and 9 other people equally.
@_date: 2013-05-03 09:19:14
Your guess is as good as anyone else's, no-one can tell what the market is going to do. If it were ever guaranteed that the market was going to rise, people would immediately buy until it reached a price where that was no longer guaranteed, and vice versa.
You *really* need to look at the history for further back than a few days, look at the changes over weeks and months, see just how high and how low it can go. It might dick around within a narrow-ish price band for a brief period, but it's never going to stay in one place forever, or even for very long.
To offer an opinion, I don't expect it to rise back to $120 any time in the immediate near-future, but if you believe in the potential of bitcoin long-term, mass adoption would have to mean the price rising to unprecedented highs. 
Figure out what *you* expect to happen, trade on that basis. No-one can tell you the answer because no-one knows the answer.
@_date: 2013-08-30 14:17:25
There's no such thing as "one coin's worth of space". The blockchain is a series of updates (blocks) to a shared ledger. Each address has a balance associated with it, recorded in that ledger, but that's just a number not an amount of storage space per coin.
Coins being stolen = a transaction being authorised using a private key, which the proper owner of that key didn't intend to authorise, and transferring some amount of coin to an address controlled by someone else.
The protocol has no way to establish ownership except by knowledge of that key - if someone else comes to know your key, they own your bitcoin too, and there's very little anyone can do about that from within the system.
@_date: 2013-08-31 21:44:44
Well, turns out there's no such thing as an original idea. 
May have to check that out, but I'll still be pissed at Stephen King for stealing my story.
@_date: 2013-06-17 14:55:48
Or get a weird old edition of your favourite book, ideally one that has larger or smaller pages than the modern version. Pick a page then use the first/last word on each line.
@_date: 2013-04-20 10:53:56
Getting yourself set up and buying some coins to begin with... yeah, pain in the ass, can't fault you there. 
But between two people who have already done that setup, it shouldn't be hard to send coins - just ask for their address, type it in, specify the amount and hit send.
@_date: 2013-04-21 14:33:42
You could, but with the price being so volatile, the time it takes to transfer creates risk, the fees charged at each end eat away at the profit, and the low market depth on some exchanges mean you wouldn't be able to move a lot of coin without slippage closing the gap you're trying to take advantage of. 
Plus the 'fiat' part of the loop (moving USD back to the cheap exchange to buy more) is potentially time-consuming and costly.
To do it properly you'd need sufficient liquidity (a balance of both BTC and USD) on both exchanges, execute the trades when you see an arbitrage opportunity, then restore a balance with the slow part of the process (moving funds between accounts) at your convenience. But there's probably still not all that much money in it.
@_date: 2013-06-07 12:21:31
Pick your favourite.
@_date: 2013-04-27 17:12:22
There are some sites still handing out free coins (or more accurately, tiny fractions of coins). Mostly they want you to be advertised to in exchange for about 0.00001 at a time.
If that sounds like fun, try bitvisitor.com or dailybitcoins.com
@_date: 2013-06-26 13:31:41
Beware the trap of pulling money in and out in quick succession as your feelings flip - easy to lose money that way.
That happened to... a friend.
@_date: 2013-07-12 11:39:09


I don't think we're done feeling the effects yet. We're going to be in the shadow of that spike for a long while.
@_date: 2013-07-05 23:24:47
Yeah, no quicker way to glaze the eyes of a non-technically inclined person than to tell them that a coin (or indeed anything) exists as an unspent output from an incoming transaction, ownership of which is verifiable by a chain of cryptographic signatures recorded in a shared consensus ledger established using a proof of work system.
From that context, maybe "it is a piece of code" gets the point across quicker; it happens in a computer and you can't touch it.
@_date: 2013-04-25 15:08:50
The predictions of quantum mechanics are *most useful* when you're dealing with subatomic particles because that's where the most difference from previous physics is (once again, "quantum particles" is not a thing, all particles are just particles, and their behaviour is described by QM) 
On the large scale, QM predicts very very nearly the same thing as classical physics (prior physics wasn't flat-out wrong, just a little bit off in the details). But those differences, however small they may happen to be, are real and present.
"Equal and opposite reaction" is one of Newton's law's of motion, and just says that when you exert a force against an object (e.g. giving something a push) you'll feel as if you're being pushed back by an equal force. You know that feeling if you've ever pushed a car along - you can feel the force of your push just the same as the car does.
Under classical physics, if you knew the whole state of the universe, you could (in theory) calculate all the numbers for the different forces acting on every particle and simulate exactly what happens next for as far into the future as you want; a deterministic 'clockwork universe'. 
Under QM, there are events that don't follow in the same rigid way, no "when X then Y", more "when X maybe Y but maybe Z, with 50% probability each" (or more options with different probabilities) so you can't predict in advance which way those events will go.
@_date: 2013-06-06 15:05:56
How exactly is your proposed system generating consensus? If a subset of nodes disagree as to the valid state of the ledger, how is that resolved?
If the answer bears any resemblance to a majority vote, then someone can just generate addresses into that vast empty address space, and dictate their terms from there.
@_date: 2013-06-28 09:34:21
I think the idea was to pick a recurring day and buy a fixed amount that day every month without regard for the spot price. So if it just crashed... yeah, buy. 
The difficult one is when it's just hurtled past $200 and by all accounts there's a crash just around the corner but no-one's quite sure when.
@_date: 2013-07-04 09:28:48
Why does it always have to be a "panic". The price has been oscillating and stagnating for months. Why can't it be a calmly considered rational decision to sell?
@_date: 2013-07-12 15:08:19
There are increasing legal requirements around running an exchange, and they don't want anyone to be able to falsely claim fraud and try to reverse their payment into the exchange after having already run off with the bitcoin.
If you want to go off-grid, you're probably going to have to find a local seller you can meet in person with cash.
@_date: 2013-09-14 14:58:22
So about those overlapping curves... what's preventing the people offering to sell at $125 from selling to the people offering to buy at $200? 
I guess geographic separation?
Also, who the hell is offering to buy 10K coins at $200?!
@_date: 2013-05-30 21:44:30
If you're not storing a local copy of the blockchain, you're going to have to trust someone else at some point - either you use an online wallet and trust to their security measures to keep your coins safe, or you use a "lite" wallet and trust someone's server about the state of the blockchain.
Neither of those are a particularly unreasonable thing to trust, unless you're looking for max-security to store a small fortune in bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-06-06 14:43:49
Someone should create a tracking system for bitcoin predictions  - anyone wanting to play prophet enters their best guess at the price for future dates, and then they can be tracked and rated on their accuracy.
You'll get 1 guy in a thousand predicting 10 50/50 events correctly by pure blind chance, but still...
That said, the greater proof of both accurate prediction and sufficient confidence in your own predictions, is just to extract money from the market.
@_date: 2013-04-29 21:25:28
Lost bitcoins: inaccessible unless the key can be recovered, which is hella unlikely to happen. Quite a lot of coins have been lost this way, but there's plenty of decimal places to go round.
Early adopters will make out like absolute bandits if they hold on until mass adoption. But every time someone gets tempted to cash out, the concentration of hoarded bitcoins diffuses just a little bit. 
Bitcoin really isn't built for people without computers or reliable internet, sucks but true. It's internet money, the internet has to come first.
The blockchain can be slimmed down - if I understand correctly by abandoning the idea that every single coin has to be traceable through the block-chain through every transaction it was ever in back to the block it was mined in. Instead, you can pick a point enough blocks ago that no-one's going to quibble over it and have everyone agree that the state of the blockchain at that past point is fixed forever and everything before that can be forgotten about. I don't really know though, there may be more intelligent ways to dump information without losing anything important.
Transactions happen on the spot, and are broadcast out across the network. But then you need to wait for the transactions to be picked up by miners and included in blocks, to be sure your sender can't sneakily send the same coin to someone else. That takes time, but you could decide to trust people - most of 'em are alright.
No-one can tell you when the best moment to join is - for maximum gain you'd need to pick the lowest dip before the rise-forever. Actually for maximum gain, you'd need to predict every rise and fall of the market so you could buy and sell accordingly. The task is impossible, just pick a moment on gut instinct and roll with it.
Personally, I'd wait for another big correction and buy in in the aftermath.
@_date: 2013-08-31 11:06:11
You could try and throw it off by initiating some random extra transactions and hoping they make it into the block in question - they wouldn't have existed in the original timeline without an arriving time traveller to prompt you to do it and that would change the hash away from his prediction.
If the hash comes out as a match regardless, then first of all, we know he's *definitely* a time traveller, but just as definitely we know that we're living in a "single timeline universe" model of time travel, where everything (including time travel) happened only once and all attempts to change the past just end up either failing or ironically causing that which they sought to prevent.
If it comes out different, then we can't prove anything about whether or not he's a time traveller, but we can at least have hope that if he is, he's able to change things in this version of the universe.
Although, there's a further little twist of existential horror if you assume he *is* a time traveller and *can* change things in this timeline, because that leaves the original timeline suffering its original fate forever with no saviour time traveller ever arriving in *their* version of the past. Furthermore, forking the timeline creates 7 billion new people who will all eventually die (not to mention all the future generations, and all the non-human life in the entire universe), meaning he's responsible for more deaths than any mass-murderer in history.
@_date: 2013-09-19 19:03:27
Does describing the system as "self-exciting" assume that the many trades happening within a cluster are independent of each other? If you're modelling it as a system where activity begets more activity, it would seem like it has to be that way.
Which... isn't really true - one guy submits a trade order worth a thousand bitcoin, and hundreds of indvidual trades at different price points happen as a result. There's no real incitement to trade *because* a big order just splashed through. Well, maybe a little, but I'd be surprised if it had the same mechanics as a physical system.
That said, seems likely that the author would have considered this. At least, I hope they would have.
@_date: 2013-12-19 11:09:05
If your prices are set in bitcoin and they paid in bitcoin, giving them back the bitcoin that they paid with seems perfectly acceptable. You've given them back exactly what they gave you, and a varying exchange rate is just a fact of life. 
I can sort of half see their point if prices are fixed in USD and converted to bitcoin at the time of purchase (that the refund might then be the same fixed amount in USD, and converted to bitcoin at the time of refund) but I don't agree with it as a point - still sounds like they're trying to play you for extra money.
Hell, just thinking pragmatically, 30 days is a very long time in the bitcoin market and you'll be opening yourself up to having money siphoned out of you if you offer to refund the USD-equivalent - anyone could come along and spend BTC, then 30 days later demand a refund of either their BTC if the price has risen, or the new converted equivalent if the price has dropped.
@_date: 2013-10-22 23:59:09
Dammit, $7 short.
@_date: 2013-06-06 13:12:47
Blocks will continue for as long as anyone can be bothered mining them. The *reward* for mining a block is slowly reducing. Currently you can insert a transaction paying yourself 25btc, in a few years that drops to 12.5btc, a few years after that 6.25btc and so on.
Eventually mining will be rewarded only by transaction fees, instead of (transaction fees + block reward) as it is currently.
@_date: 2013-04-30 18:35:13
So the whole way through, the seller has to trust that the buyer isn't going to be a vindictive greedy asshole who's trying to scam him? Some escrow method... all this is does is push all the risk onto the seller instead of the buyer.
@_date: 2013-06-08 22:51:55




I always find it really hard to take an article seriously after this sort of thing in the opening paragraphs
@_date: 2013-06-04 08:39:03
Question in my mind is where that 1.1btc ended up, if globalistas ended up with only 0.05 in his account. 
Am I right in thinking that Gox don't take fees for coin withdrawals?
@_date: 2013-06-28 09:44:57
Came to the comments expecting row after row of mindless corrections. Pleasantly surprised.
@_date: 2013-12-13 17:53:50
I would have thought it would be very rare to be able to correlate a specific user's deposit into an exchange with their subsequent trading activity or withdrawal. 
You'd need the co-operation of the exchange (legally compelled if necessary) to tell you which BTC transfers in/out of the exchange's wallet(s) belonged to the same user to pick up the chain again. Or, yknow, show you the identity documents they take for verification.
@_date: 2013-04-26 11:14:46
You're still missing my point: "Everything is quantum" doesn't mean "Everything is weird/random/unpredictable". QM is what produced the orderly and predictable world we inhabit, where billiard balls ricochet with precision, objects fall downwards every single time, and all the other 'classical' ideas hold true very nearly 100% of the time. 
The classical laws of physics missed some tricks that QM catches, that's all that's different; it's necessary to use QM if you're interested in the behaviour of single photons, or radioactivity, or other cases where large-scale events depend very directly on quantum effects, but most of the time you can just take an average over a large number of quantum events and get an answer that's 99.9999% accurate using classical physics.
The behaviour of the market would be one among the very many things where classical physics is more than adequate to describe it, so long as you don't want flawless prediction down to the very last decimal place. The unpredictability there comes from how a market is made up of lots of humans, each of which is individually very hard to predict (not because of QM, just because brains are so complex).
You *can* model a river by doing a physics simulation of every molecule of water, but it's much *easier* to treat it as a big mass of fluid with some simplified equations, and you get very nearly the same answer at the end. In the same way, the universe *really is* running on QM, but we can get a very close answer with a fraction of the effort in all but a few cases.
@_date: 2013-05-28 22:56:08
Believing. There is no floor except zero, and history is no guarantee. It hasn't been that long since $50 was a new all-time high. A drop back to a new post-crash low might not happen easily, or quickly, but it could happen, and if you confuse 'probable' with 'certain' you'll have a rough time.
@_date: 2013-04-23 23:42:08
I think any site sufficiently flexible to capture all your ups and downs, would have to turn itself into just an online spreadsheet with limited functionality.
On the other hand if you just want a single figure out of how much you're up or down, you just need to sum up all the deposits you've made into exchanges/dollars spent on trading by other means, and compare to your current balance.
@_date: 2013-05-21 02:21:26


Just to pick out one specific thing; does this still apply when operating with imperfect information? I can see exactly why a demand curve *ought* to always be downward sloping, but when you're trying to assess the worth of a thing, and you don't have much to go on, the current price of that thing could be a factor.
Once the price affects perceived value, it seems like there could be an opening for increasing price to create increasing demand - either through "the price is shooting up, best buy some now and wait for profit" or even with goods in a supermarket where the "classy" option can be made more desirable even if it's the same thing as the economy option but sold at twice the price.
@_date: 2013-12-10 23:55:35
There is precisely nothing saying that the total value of all litecoin ought to equal the total value of all bitcoin.
I mean... I could launch "noggin-coin" tomorrow, and set the limit to be 21 coins, that wouldn't imply that each one has a pre-destined value of 1 million times more than 1 BTC.
@_date: 2013-07-06 15:00:04
Sure, you can't compute the final answer in advance, but you can do a chunk of the work before you get there.
If for block number N you need H( prime^N , H( block^N-1 ), nonce) then you can set a computer running to work out  prime^N+x then sit on that result until block^N+x comes along, then only have to do the work for the other bits, putting you at an advantage over those mining in sequence.
So using that hash as "proof of work" only proves that, in the time since the last block, you've done the work to compute whatever the other conditions are, other than knowing the next prime. Computing primes is removed as a factor in what's actually being proved. Maybe that's considered acceptable - you still get primes computed as a side-effect of mining activity, but it might create some weird incentives about exactly where miners direct their efforts.
@_date: 2013-06-06 13:14:23
Would be better with a "pay me now" button rather than automatically paying out at the threshold - maybe I want to wait longer than the bare minimum, build a bigger clump of dust.
@_date: 2013-05-07 14:25:02
Possibly not, although I thought Paypal's reputation was for normally taking the side of the buyer, unless the seller can produce proof of postage (which would be tricky for a non-physical item in the first place, part of why paypal isn't normally accepted as payment for coins)
@_date: 2013-06-26 08:48:57
Manually picking which of the inputs you've received are used to build an outgoing transaction. 
@_date: 2013-05-03 09:21:18
Why would ASICs drop the price? Hash rate goes up, difficulty goes up with it, rate of supply stays the same... it won't make bitcoin any easier to come by, if anything it makes them more difficult to get by mining.
@_date: 2013-04-27 13:28:49
Gox should be safe, the complaints there are about them being lag-prone and potentially manipulated by bots, not fears of them running off with the cash.
That said, getting money back out might not be *quick* (depending on your location... that might only apply to European SEPA transfers being backed up in a queue)
@_date: 2013-05-18 10:18:18
The blockchain will enforce consistency in the long-run, just as you said. But if you've already receieved something in exchange for the transaction that gets thrown out, then you've successfully double-spent.
@_date: 2013-07-05 19:44:36
Looks like a pretty good time to invest in [titties]( 12m) then  :)
@_date: 2013-06-16 22:11:44
Where did I ever express any desire or intenton to pick what you practice? 
You have full freedom to do what you want regarding your own religious beliefs/practices, I have equal freedom to think those practices are good/bad/insane/helpful/unjustified/stupid, and to say so publicly.
If you *are* a fan of supernatural explanations and divine-command morality, I can't stop you. If I want to say that's fucking stupid... same thing applies. 
@_date: 2013-07-11 10:07:50
Something of a difference between "selling" because someone finally offered enough money to meet your order, and "selling" where you'll take whatever you can get right now.
@_date: 2013-04-22 21:21:53
In summary "It's okay, early adopters can only flood the market a finite number of times before they run out coins to keep doing it".
I guess the age-old principles of "use money to make money" don't apply any more then. That's nice.
@_date: 2013-07-22 22:11:46
It's kinda hard to know what level to explain at, since that depends on how much you already know about mining and computers in general.
But to go reasonably basic, miners are trying to take a group of transactions and find a header they can attach to them that meets all the rules specified by the bitcoin protocol. One of those rules says the value you get by hashing the header has to be smaller than a "difficulty" setting (and other rules say how to work out how to choose a setting). 
The lower that number is set, the harder it is to find a valid header and the longer miners have to spend guessing before they'll find one. The one part I'm not sure of is how to convert from that system, where a smaller number = more difficult, to the number being quoted here, where a higher number means more difficult.
@_date: 2013-06-26 08:57:12
For anyone else considering watching 'correct horse battery staple', don't add it to your wallet (OP, I know you've already realised this). 
Whilst it's in your keypool, there's a chance the client might decide to use it as an address to send your change to, and then it will be gone very quickly.
@_date: 2013-05-21 01:33:04
Or... I could not do that, and instead wait for a more curious person to spend the dollar and report back.
@_date: 2013-07-14 11:01:26
After what the hard drive manufacturers did to the word "gigabyte", I would not be surprised to see H/s redefined like that.
Although that would be a lot more noticeable than 7% of claimed hard drive capacity disappearing.
@_date: 2013-05-20 16:46:52
I guess [Scott Johnson]( was wrong.
@_date: 2013-09-14 16:48:20


The first confirmation is when it gets included in a block. The second, third, fourth (etc) confirmations are when *any* block gets added to the chain on top. Until that first confirmation, you're waiting in line to receive priority, after it you're just waiting for another block to happen.
And to the actual question, unless you have the mining-power required to mine a block under normal circumstances, there is no way for you to 'help out' a specific transaction, it's just not how the protocol works.
As for why you're not getting priority... I'm not sure. The change outputs being so small may be part of it, and so might the data size of the transaction as a result of using multiple inputs, although you have at least included a fee on both. There's probably no fundamental problem, just getting crowded out by other easier/better-paying transactions in the queue.
@_date: 2013-05-17 16:58:36
To fix the price in place you'd need to pick a desired price, call it X, then set a near-unlimited bid at X-e and a near-unlimited sell at X+e (for a small value of e)
That way anyone buying hits your sell, anyone selling hits your bid, and the price never goes out of that small range.
But every trade against your 2 walls would be costing you - you'd be buying high and selling low as often as anyone wants to call your bluff, and once it became apparent that someone was doing this I suspect a lot of people would be interested in calling you on it.
There's no real way to analyse just how much money it'd take to pull this off - the market would react to the attempt until you (probably) ran out of funds.
@_date: 2013-04-12 13:24:19
You're going to get (probably already have, while I'm typing this) a whoooole lot of "Shouldn't have invested if you couldn't afford to lose". 
Not to say that's wrong, but it's also not helpful. I can only imagine that's the lesson you'll have already learned from this. Well, that and don't listen to a single goddamn word of financial advice from Reddit, or more generally don't listen to people with a vested interest in your failure.
Anyway, sympathies to your loss. $55K is one hell of an expensive lesson.
@_date: 2013-08-06 00:11:01
So I got tipped recently. Didn't realise it was a bot, and was already more than familiar with bitcoin (so didn't check the 'what the hell' link). Then I'm a-scrolling down my front page, and I come across this post. "Huh, cool idea, wonder who they've been tipping"... wait a second.
Mind. Blown.
So yeah, thanks. I'm curious though, how much human involvement is there in picking comments? Is it just a random pick from those meeting the criteria, or does someone get final say? 
@_date: 2013-12-11 12:23:18
I couldn't get Androids barcode scanner to read it from the animation, but a screenshot taken from the middle of the loop (where the full code was visible) [did work](
@_date: 2013-12-03 23:35:01
Not quite the same (prominent depth chart, no price chart) but there's 
Or  if you can get it to work (doesn't for me in Firefox, does in Chrome)
But as far as I can see, wisdom's working fine.
@_date: 2013-07-04 13:44:49
Guild? I'm not sure what you're after there.
To get them, first you need a wallet. Your choices are to run a local client (bitcoinQT, electrum, armory) which doesn't require trusting a website, but does require handling your own security; or to sign up for a web wallet (e.g. with blockchain.info).
That done, you then either
* Sell some sort of good/service in exchange for bitcoins (there's if you want to advertise there)
* Find a local seller, go meet up with them, take cash with you, and preferably a heavy-set friend so the seller can't just run off with your cash. If you go this route, look into escrow options for extra safety.
* Make an account on one of the online exchanges, send them funds by bank wire (or some of the online payment processors can be used - varies by exchange which ones they can accept) then use those funds to trade on the exchange.
Whichever method you use, you end up with bitcoin in a bitcoin address you control (if you buy from an exchange you'll have to withdraw them to your own wallet first) and from there you can transfer them on to someone else to pay for things.
@_date: 2013-05-30 16:07:12
If he can't trade until he proves his address, and can't prove his address until he files taxes, and doesn't owe taxes until he's trading a significant amount... SOL
@_date: 2013-04-20 10:31:48
Depending on timezone, the drop from $100 to $50 may have been 'Monday'. But even that wasn't really a crash - the price bounced right back up again.
@_date: 2013-04-28 10:44:06
Condescension would be "Oh you poor uninformed little lost soul, let me explain everything to you so you don't have to think too hard". Being blunt assumes you're the sort who can figure their own shit out.
@_date: 2013-11-02 16:35:57
First decide whether you want to trade actively (either daytrading, or slower than that) and get all up and involved with watching the price ticker and charts and trying to trade in/out at the right moments... which is all a whole lot of fuss for a negative expected value, but still popular. If so, get your bitcoin to an exchange in your locale and commence trading.
On the other hand if you'd rather just be In, or Out, you need to decide what the likely 'end game' is for bitcoin - do you expect to *ever* see it widely accepted in the mainstream? That would have to mean an enormous growth in the value of each coin, so would recommend that you hold your coins, maybe even buy more. If you think it's going to eventually fizzle out into an odd little niche for cryptogeeks with no-one else giving a crap, then you want to sell while the price is high (either immediately, or at some point in the future).
No-one can tell you which of those scenarios is going to happen, or even tell you the odds. Everything is speculation. But if you want my personal (unfounded) speculation, I believe in the potential for Scenario A (mass adoption) in the long-term, but I don't think the current price-high is **it** - I'm expecting to see the price decline in the short-term. But I'm frequently wrong. A lot wrong.
@_date: 2013-06-10 23:28:32
I could go for a chocolate coin or several... but can you go a little lower than 1 BTC each?
@_date: 2013-05-29 20:12:52


It won't.
I don't mine, have no idea what the current rate of return is, but I do know that the difficulty is ramping up all the time.
@_date: 2013-07-15 11:54:14
Do you know if there's any easy way to extract the key from authenticator after you've set it up? I don't currently have a second copy, but I'd like to.
I guess I could set up a new one, but if it's possible to get it out without the hassle of rooting my phone...
@_date: 2013-07-07 13:52:37
I don't know why this is getting downvoted so hard, it's the only sane advice there is - decide what you expect to happen, then act on that. Everyone else is full of just as much bullshit as you are, and at least when you go with your own instinct you can take full credit if you get it right.
@_date: 2013-07-03 16:31:50






I get that journalists can't be instant experts on everything they cover, but I don't see how anyone doing research for this kind of article can fail to find a decent primer. At least enough to understand that bitcoins aren't fragments of source code.
Ugh, media does not know how to computer.
@_date: 2013-04-29 21:10:38
Whichever direction you trade, you pay a premium if you want your order to happen right-the-fuck-now - if you're selling, you have to price your coins downwards to make them more appealing, if you're buying you have to offer more money to convince someone to part with their coins.
That pushes the price up and down. Especially when a gap develops between the highest pre-existing bid and sell offers - then you'll see it jump up to the ask price when someone decides they really want to buy right now, and jump back down to the bid price when someone wants to sell.
Don't like the price you're being offered? You'll have to place a limit order and hope someone comes along to fill it. Which can be the wisest thing to do in those moments of fluctuation - if you can see that the highest bid is $100, but the lowest ask is $105, you can either sell your coins right now for $100, or place an ask at $104 which someone is reasonably likely to take you up on (unless the sky is falling, then you're boned, in the time it takes for you to place that order the price'll probably be at $95, and then $48 by the time you've realised).
@_date: 2013-04-23 21:09:09
The blockchain keeps on growing as long as there are transactions happening and miners to verify the fact.
The 'standard' reward for mining a block will slowly diminish away towards zero as the total number of coins approaches its limit. After that, block rewards will be funded by transaction fees.
@_date: 2013-07-19 16:23:37
The more you know  :)
@_date: 2013-07-04 11:57:15
Idk man, the price has had a lot of little rebounds that look just like this one - plunge to a sudden low, bounce up about half of the drop, then turn the corner and resume falling.
The market depth isn't there to hold the price up if another big wave of sells came in.
@_date: 2013-04-27 09:14:42
Sounds like a 419 equivalent - probably starts out as "Just help me with this transaction, I'll pay you a cut", develops into "Aww man, I just need a little money from you to make it happen, but your cut will more than pay you back"
@_date: 2013-10-22 13:57:00
I suppose that would be the safest option, wouldn't want to risk being left out of the club.
@_date: 2013-05-17 12:18:37
One important thing to note, "51%" isn't a hard-and-fast limit for "can do malicious things" versus "cannot possibly do malicious things".
If you want to execute a double spend, you have to submit a transaction sending coins to one place, then quickly build a longer valid chain where that transaction isn't included (maybe your coins go somewhere else, maybe they stay with you). To do that, you have to mine the blocks you want faster than the rest of the network mines blocks on the 'main' chain, which is a matter of luck as well as hash-speed - you might find the right hash first time while mining with a single CPU. Unlikely, but possible.
6 confirmations was chosen as the gold standard because after the main chain has gone 6 blocks deep on top of a transaction, the odds of a malicious miner with 10% of the total hash-rate pulling off a double-spend drop to 0.1%, which is deemed an acceptable risk.
A node with 40-50% would have better odds. A node with 51%+ of the hash rate would expect to eventually out-race the rest of the network, as a matter of statistics, but they still might fail to build a longer chain within any sensible time-frame. If it took them very long, people would damn-near certainly notice that their newly published chain was a malicious fork... not sure what we'd actually do in that situation, but it'd probably demand some sort of special-circumstances measures.
Edit: also worth knowing, no matter how much hash-rate you have, you can't fiddle with the contents of a transaction, just decide which transactions get included in the blockchain. If you had 100% of the hash-rate under your control, you could decide to include/ignore transactions on a whim, but you still couldn't decide to spend anyone else's coins without their private key.
@_date: 2013-08-31 20:14:41
...and now there's a story possessing my brain, where everyone in the world is advancing through time at 1 second per second, so if you travel to any *other* instant in time (except for the slowly advancing present moment), there's no-one else there and you're all alone in an empty universe.
Or, possibly worse, *not empty* - maybe there are other beings that are moving along at 1s/s but at an offset, inhabiting an entirely parallel world, or forever picking through what we've left behind.
But then... why are we moving through time like this at all? What if there are other things that move through time faster? What are we running from? What's coming up from behind?
Where the hell is when you need him? I don't have the talent to *write* it but I sure as hell want to *read* it.
@_date: 2013-12-07 02:58:51


That's a concise statement of how the bitcoin protocol establishes ownership, yes. 
Anyone who knows the key owns the coins, no muss no fuss.
@_date: 2013-06-29 10:23:00
Paywall... lame.
@_date: 2013-07-16 13:41:38
It appears to have all gone behind login-walls now, but from what was previously on the site, this thing has exactly the structure of a pyramid scheme.




I don't know *how* they intend to collect money from people, but this looks hella scammy.
@_date: 2013-05-14 20:24:44
Correction: rational thought is *difficult* and time-consuming, and energy-hungry and your brain will try a heap of quick-n-dirty heuristic methods (including "make up rational-sounding bullshit to justify an emotional response, hope that goes okay") before it invests the effort in really rational thought, but we do have the capacity for it.
@_date: 2013-06-07 12:09:52
Mm, nope, looks pretty up from here.
@_date: 2013-06-07 12:51:03
Thanks dude. Entirely unexpected, but much appreciated.
@_date: 2013-05-04 23:31:25
Not unless you can filter traffic between the wider internet and the DDoS target. 
The very most anyone who's not the target or their upstream/hosting provider can do at that point is minimise the amount of traffic they're adding to the heap.
Edit: It depends exactly what you're trying to do about it - you can't intervene to block the attack, but I guess by discussion and education you might be able to convince some small number of the people who contribute to the price swings in times of Gox-lag to knock that off. That seems to be happening with time anyway though.
@_date: 2013-06-05 14:59:51
Quantum computers aren't just "the same but faster", there are methods used in crypto where the security comes from functions being dramatically more difficult to reverse than they are to compute, and quantum algorithms break that (make it about as easy to reverse as it was to compute).
Example: take two large prime numbers and multiply them together. Trivial to compute the answer, it's just a multiplication. But doing the reverse and finding the two factors of the result... that's a beast of a problem.
I don't want to get in to explaining big O notation, but let's imagine that to use a key of length n to encrypt a message, you do n units of work, and to break that encryption with a standard computer you do 2^n units of work. So if we double the key-length, the good guys now need to do 2n units, whereas the attacker needs to do 2^(2n) units, the square of the amount they were doing before.
That means it's always nice and easy to keep ahead of the available computer-power, no matter how fast the computers are you can pick a key-length that's easy to work with but can't be broken for thousands/millions of years.
Quantum computer break the asymmetry - they can factor numbers in n^3 time, so when you double the key length, the amount of work for an attacker isn't squared, it's just multiplied by 8. So all an attacker needs to do to win is use 8 times as much computer-power as you used to encrypt the message... and that's game over.
I don't know enough about bitcoin specifically to know if the algorithms being used fall foul of this kind of thing, but that's why crypto as we know it would need to be reinvented if large-scale quantum computing became practical (i.e. we'd need to implement the quantum crypto that's already been invented)
@_date: 2013-06-02 20:04:28
In the long run... probably worth what you paid for them.
@_date: 2013-05-20 14:54:17
Guess I'll just go back to paying for things... *like an animal*
@_date: 2013-04-27 09:02:31
What's the point of having a fortune, if you're not going to get any shiny toys into the bargain? 
A bank balance isn't a score-counter; it's a means to an end.
@_date: 2013-07-03 20:36:11
Minutely more thought applied and you're quite right. I was sitting here thinking of quantum systems in a broad sense, not quantum computing specifically. But yeah, QC isn't going to change what's computable or not.
@_date: 2013-11-28 21:52:43


It potentially means you need to comply with the regulations applicable to being a money transmitter. That compliance can be expensive and/or onerous, so most folks would rather not be labelled as a money transmitter.
@_date: 2013-05-03 08:06:59
Close, if you have coins from BitInstant you can send them to the address of your wallet (on blockchain or BitcoinQT). Gox is an exchange not a wallet and you won't want or need to send your coins there to make a purchase.
@_date: 2013-07-29 20:41:44
So then another guy also spends lots of time cracking brainwallets, hoping for either free coins, or to find an address that btcrobinhood cleared out but hasn't paid back yet.
I mean, it wouldn't get many hits, and wouldn't pay out any *more* as a result of having a good guy also sweeping addresses, so this is still the best approach you're going to get, but it could be done.
@_date: 2013-05-15 16:50:21


and then I closed that tab, never to return.
Actually, how often does that 'fixed rate' update? If the price on Gox suddenly explodes I might return.
@_date: 2013-07-16 15:55:22
USD withdrawals from Gox have been impossible for a pretty long time.
Before that (and still somewhat true now), other exchanges tended to be harder to get money into. Same effect as it being hard to get money *out* of Gox, just reversed.
@_date: 2013-08-13 14:57:16


Oh sure, because owning bitcoin somehow gives me a little bit of cryptography to use, in any way beyond the metaphorical.
Intrinsic value doesn't mean much. Industrial uses for gold might set a lower bound on the price, but it's not by any means the reason why gold has the value it does. 
The value of *anything* is a social construct. Derived from human preferences, or beliefs, or expectations. Nothing would have any value if we weren't around to do the valuing, and if we all one day decided that gold was just a shiny yellow metal and nothing more, there would be nothing whatsoever saying "Nah man, you have to treat this like it's valuable".
Some things are valuable just because everyone agrees it would be very convenient if they were.
@_date: 2013-07-16 14:09:34
So... they're offering money for people to spam their friends with 'likes' and such?
It's possible I suppose. I once got a cheque from one of those incredibly bullshitty sounding "marketing surveys for money" sites. Not enough to be worth the time spent, but I was younger, my time was worth less.
@_date: 2013-05-20 12:51:29
So, the page content isn't loading for me, but if I'm guessing correctly based on the title... what we learn from this is that every market has occasional sell-offs that knock the price down, and bitcoin is far from alone in having people follow these events with accusations of market manipulation.
@_date: 2013-07-06 14:52:46
Give it a few weeks.
@_date: 2013-06-23 20:01:58
Yes. You then either want to set it up with a smartphone (super easy if you have one) or order in a little hardware widget to generate the auth codes.
@_date: 2013-04-11 12:43:35
On a small amount of further thought, any exponential graph is going to have the same sort of shape, with the left-hand side pressed flat by the sharp rise at the right. But if you cut off the graph half-way across and re-drew it, you'd get the same shape on a different scale.
So the apparently straight-line behaviour at the beginning of, say, the 30-day graph, was actually still exuberant exponential growth, making 3, indeed, more likely.
@_date: 2013-04-15 09:30:31
Nope, can't claim credit for that one.
@_date: 2013-05-03 08:02:19
Mt.Gox is an exchange, one of several exchanges but the biggest one. On an exchange you can trade between currencies - buy and sell Bitcoin for dollars or euros or pounds. That's all you do on the exchange.
BitcoinQT and blockchain.info provide wallets, which let you send and receive Bitcoin between Bitcoin addresses. QT runs on your own computer whereas blockchain you use through the website.
To buy something with Bitcoin if you already have some in your wallet you would transfer it to the seller using the "send coins" section (just make sure you can trust them first, there's no way to undo it after you send coins, like paying with cash). 
To get Bitcoin in you wallet if you don't already have some (or need some more) you would buy some on an exchange then withdraw them to your wallet address.
Your account on an exchange is a little like a wallet - it will have a Bitcoin address that you can send coins to/from to make a deposit/withdrawal, but the normal thing is to use that only between the exchange and your own wallet.
Tldr: Gox is for buying and selling Bitcoin. A wallet is for storing and spending Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-04-23 17:11:03
In your example, the price has moved from $128 to $138, a rise of 7.8125%
In your trading, your capital has moved from $1280 to $1363.49, a rise of 6.52263125%
7.8125 / 6.52263125 = 1.0121, so you're missing about 1.2% of your expected margin... Gox's cut at 0.6% each way.
@_date: 2013-05-20 08:17:47
Sounds like travel27 has taken up the widely spread mistaken idea that each bitcoin is somehow a particular number or set of numbers, waiting to be discovered. If that were true, and mining were a problem of deriving each number in turn, then I guess you could re-run the process to find the early coins over again.
But yeah, that's not the case, mining is an effort to sign the next 'page in the ledger', and builds in an out-of-nowhere transaction to give new coins to the miner. To spend anyone else's coins you need their private key.
@_date: 2013-05-01 10:00:37
Sure, the moment-to-moment value is whatever the current spot price is. I think he's looking for more of a long-term view, the value you could expect a coin to settle at if/when it stabilises.
I think the prevailing idea is that *either* 
1. Bitcoin fails, and goes to zero or near-zero, having become irrelevant and relegated to the hands of the unconvertible enthusiasts, who will stay in no matter how low it goes, hoping for a new outbreak of interest
2. Bitcoin goes on to mass adoption, stabilises by virtue of volume, and because of the limited supply and wide demand the price goes through the roof.
There may be an option 3, where it does okay for itself but remains a niche interest (see also: adoption rates of Linux on home desktops) but the price seems unlikely to be very stable in that eventuality.
@_date: 2013-05-03 19:19:44
Hell with 70, that's a mile off, who knows what the book will look like if/when we get that low. The one that's puzzling me is the almost 7k coins just under 90.
It pushed the price up sharpish, but now it's just hovering, just above 90, looking about in line with the downward trend on the 3-day scale. 
Can't tell if it's anything 'real' or someone's attempt to push the price about, and if the market comes pushing downwards, whether it'll fold. That said, it wouldn't exactly stand in the way of much downward pressure even if it's left up.
@_date: 2013-04-30 16:34:00
Where are you in the world? It makes a difference.
@_date: 2013-08-31 19:49:51
This is very rarely addressed in fiction, because it's kind of a downer, but to a certain view of things... yes. There's also some moral hazards involved in any modifiable single-timeline universe as well. Options kinda look like this...
 * The universe is a fixed event in 4 dimensions - whatever you do, you won't change the past or the future because it's already written - either time travel is impossible or all attempt to change past events fail. Moral hazard: None. But this is harder to write interesting stories about (possible - examples include the first Terminator film, the third Harry Potter book and the short story "By His Bootstraps", but it often ends up with the time travel element being *about* the clever twists taken to maintain the immutable timeline, rather than serving a larger story).
 * The universe is a single timeline but can be altered. Paradoxes are handled in various ways - maybe time travellers have magical 'time energy' or technology that prevents them editing themselves out of time grandfather-paradox style, or maybe time is "in flux" (Doctor Who) or maybe paradoxes don't matter so long as they put things back approximately right (Back to the Future).  
Either way, when you change the course of time you cause a planet of 7 billion people to be replaced by a planet of 7 billion *very similar* people, different by whatever changes you cause and whatever ripple effects that has. Moral hazard: Is that murder? You've effectively destroyed the entire universe at the point where you arrived from the future, and thereafter replaced it with a new universe. Is destroying a whole universe still worse than Hitler if you immediately replace it with a new one that's pretty much the same?
 * Branching timelines. When you go back in time you create a fork in the stream of time, a whole new universe for you to make your changes in. Paradoxes are no longer a concern since you can't overwrite your origin in your original timeline, but it does mean that whatever you were trying to prevent, still happened in the universe you came from. Moral hazard: abandoning your original universe to its fate, and creating a whole new universe full of life to die all over again. Does that act of creation outweigh the inevitable deaths?
 * Possible resolution: the universe is, by its own nature, exploring all possible timelines in a quantum multiverse. At every point in time, there's a fork for every possible arriving timetraveller. Everything that can possibly happen *does*. Moral hazard: Back to none - everything already happens anyway, you're just experiencing one particular possibility out of the infinitely many options.
@_date: 2013-06-27 15:00:01
If you're starting out with USD on Gox, then yeah it's no great hassle to buy BTC, then buy EUR with your BTC, then withdraw EUR and have your bank convert to USD
But the BTC/USD exchange is entirely deadweight here - there's currently no reason why you'd want to *buy* Gox-dollars, except for the ongoing trust that they will soon return to being withdrawable as 'real' dolllars. If you started out with BTC you'd just go direct to other fiat, not via GoxUSD.
@_date: 2013-07-09 11:22:03
The most charitable interpretation I can come up with is if you lay extra emphasis on the word "is", so as to mean "I understand how it works, but someone please explain what physical form it has" for the sarcastic purpose of pointing out that it doesn't have a physical form.
Somehow the fact that value is embodied in computer networks and algorithms is supposed to make it radically different and far less trustworthy than value embodied in a soft yellow metal.
@_date: 2013-04-24 16:53:39
Who exactly are you trying to convince? 
No-one owes it to you to behave against their own interests/expectations.
@_date: 2013-06-27 14:36:20
In that case you're not using MtGox as an exchange for USD, you're using them for their BTC/EUR or BTC/GBP (or whatever) exchange.
@_date: 2013-04-20 19:51:25
So... spend coins, receive goods or services, or dollars, then exclude that transaction from the chain to get your coins back to spend again. No?
@_date: 2013-05-03 12:02:55
How does your correlation-based argument cope with the fact that we've only seen one ASIC-adoption event, so if the price were rising right now you'd have equal correlation pointing that way?
Seems like your logic is "The price is dropping, and ASICs are coming out, therefore the price is dropping *because* ASICs are coming out" and then you're accusing *me* of thinking the price is explained by a single factor.
I haven't said a damn thing about what I think is causing the price to change - just that I don't see how ASIC mining would be connected.
@_date: 2013-11-10 02:43:58
You are aggressively and unabashedly wrong. You do not understand bitcoin and the things you are claiming are flat out wrong, just accept that. 
The resources exist to self-educate on the matter and at least understand what all the fuss is about (even if you still decide you don't care), most of them are linked from the sidebar. I don't have the time or inclination to write out another "Bitcoin for Dummies" primer. Just... seriously, imagine for a moment you were talking to someone about a football game, and they said "I don't know how anyone can trust these 'goals' everyone keeps going on about, the referree can just poof them into existence any time he likes". The reason he can't is because everyone is watching and would notice and wouldn't allow it.
The same principle is at work - the system is designed around global consensus; everyone agreeing on how many bitcoin exist and how many everyone else has, and using industrial-strength cryptography to make sure all the transfers of ownership are legit. It doesn't matter who you are, the creator and the coders aren't in a special position of power. *No-one* can poof anything into existence without everyone else noticing and saying "You aren't following the rules, so those aren't bitcoins, those are just youcoins and we don't accept those as payment for shit"
@_date: 2013-10-21 14:48:40
A link to that page would be more use - saves typing out an address read from your photo, and provides all of the information/links.
@_date: 2013-05-08 16:52:30
There's no such thing as a persistent guaranteed profit in a market, you have to take on some kind of risk then wait to see if you took the right risk.
@_date: 2013-06-28 17:21:29
Online wallet means trusting strangers with your coins, but they are probably trustworthy strangers. They can invest time and specialism in secure storage, but they're also a bigger target for anyone trying to hack their way in.
QT client is as secure as you personally can make it, which ... is pretty highly variable by person. Also comes with higher risk of just straight up losing your coins to a hard drive failure (or a multiple-drive failure if you have backups)
The gold standard seems to be a paper wallet with a randomly generated key, printed from an offline computer. After which you then burn the computer and printer so that the key isn't cached anywhere. Question is whether it's worth going to those lengths for a few hundred dollars worth of coins.
@_date: 2013-07-07 10:03:03
Even better, it's been proven that the fundamental particles (e.g. electrons) are indistinguishable from each other by any possible test, present or future.
Philosophical types might want to argue something like "If we currently have a collection of tests X, and no x distinguishes two electrons, all we can say is that they're indistinguishable now; we still have no idea what a future test might do". They would be wrong.
The universe would behave differently in certain experiments involving quantum mechanics depending on whether particles are distinct or not, and the results we see tell us that the universe itself is essentially ignoring the distinction between "Electron A" and "Electron B".
@_date: 2013-04-30 00:28:13
No, see, they want to know what you would do *differently* afterwards.
@_date: 2013-06-28 09:30:22
I bought in at -1, sold at 300
^^^disclaimer: ^^^not ^^^actually ^^^true
@_date: 2013-04-30 16:37:27
I'm in the UK, so I don't have any direct experience, but I'm sure I've heard mention of services where you can walk into certain banks, maybe Walmart, somewhere like that, and deposit cash to go into MtGox.
@_date: 2013-06-16 23:04:06
2 trillion years for the password I use on Gox, 19 seconds for the throw-away password I use for the trivial things that don't matter.
Well, at least that's the right way round. Maybe should update the shit one...
Edit: That said, I'm pretty sure any real password-cracker would stumble on "passwordpassword" a lot quicker than this tool seems to think.
@_date: 2013-06-24 15:11:17
I know enough to know I don't know the answer to your question, but it'll probably help those who do know what they're talking about if you give some idea of a budget.
Presumably your best bet is whatever hardware puts out the most MHash/s per dollar of upfront cost, since the marginal cost of power is nicely externalised to your employer. Are there any constraints on space, or cooling?
@_date: 2013-07-03 20:06:22
I meant what I said - 
But you may well be right that I *should* have meant quantum-resistant. Looks like quantum involvement is mostly for secure exchange of keys, which would still require some classical but quantum-proof encryption method. 


Isn't quite true though. (Wikipedia) "The security of QKD can be proven mathematically without imposing any restrictions on the abilities of an eavesdropper, something not possible with classical key distribution."
@_date: 2013-04-22 21:01:34
The sea change with a quantum computer is how quickly the amount of processing power you need grows as the size of the problem increases. 
With crypto on ordinary computers, we rely on the fact that it grows exponentially to stay ahead of computationally-powerful attackers; double the key lengths (not too demanding on the good guys) and you square the processing power needed to break your crypto (hella demanding on the bad guys).
Practical-scale quantum computing would make it closer to an even race - double the key length and you'd only get 8 times the difficulty, aka not enough to out-pace an attacker by increasing your key size as compute-power becomes more available.
So sure, there's always some semi-prime number large enough to be impractical to factor, but if you want to actually use it as a key you're going to have to use comparable computing power to the attempt to break it.
@_date: 2013-05-06 11:48:58


Not to put too fine a point on it, but if that's true... why are you involved with Bitcoin in the first place? Paper wallet or no, they're a purely digital creation.
@_date: 2013-04-09 11:09:43
@_date: 2013-04-15 08:47:56
I could provide this as a public service, for a small fee...
@_date: 2013-10-03 11:54:11
Even if he did, he likely [wouldn't be allowed]( to profit from it personally.
@_date: 2013-05-01 09:47:05
Going back and forth on this in my own head - if your hypothetical gamer's computer was able to make a profit by mining, the gamer would likely be better off just mining their own coins and using them to buy their games.
Counterpoints to that...
1. They may not be technically inclined, or willing to invest the time/effort/hassle into setting up mining.
2. A small amount of coins to a single gamer may not be worth bothering with, but scale up over lots of people to make appreciable money and it looks more worthwhile.
Another difficulty though - you wouldn't be able to standardise the rate you pay, except by computer performance. People may not take well to the idea that the price of games (either in terms of how much you're willing to give them, or how much of a discount you get) depends on how good your PC is.
You could fix it at the average, so people with high-end machines effectively subsidise those without, but then you're just upping the incentive for the best miners to strike out on their own.
@_date: 2013-09-27 01:28:27
Not sure how much control you have over the code (can't tell if it's self-hosted or some sort of template or controlled by someone else entirely), but you/she should be aware; if you load the site with javascript disabled, it looks quite broken since the images don't load. 
I can understand features breaking as a result of my choice to disallow-by-default, but it would improve the experience if there was a graceful fallback to standard HTML.
@_date: 2013-06-20 15:38:10
Not bitcoin related, but I think I've been fed a similar line by my ISP lately... "That problem you're having where your connection keeps dropping? Yes, the power levels in your area are low, a team is working on it, please wait 9 days"
I guess I'll see what happens, but I'd put non-zero odds on the rep I spoke to having about 8 days left before he leaves, or something like that.
@_date: 2013-05-23 03:56:04
When you send a transaction, the output (the money you send) is made up of a bunch of inputs (money you've received).
When you take an input and spend it, you have to spend all of it, so any leftover from what you actually wanted to send elsewhere is directed to a 'change' address under your control.
This also has the bonus effect of making it more difficult to track what people are spending, because you can't tell from the recorded information which one was the expenditure and which was the change. I mean, it's far from foolproof, but it beats not doing anything.
@_date: 2013-04-21 00:38:02
True, just seems to imply a below-average number of humans posessed of above-average funds acting on the price at those moments.
@_date: 2013-07-04 14:56:49
When the URL of the post is the scam-link, it makes it quite easy for people to click on it unintentionally -- since scammy websites may be hosting drive-by downloads, best to avoid ever visiting unless you know what you're doing. 
By all means post the link as a warning, but I'd say do it inside the text of a 'self' post, with extra warnings. And maybe replace the "http" at the beginning with hxxp. That way it's no longer a valid link, so can't be accidentally clicked on, but is trivial to undo the process for anyone wanting to visit after taking whatever precaution they want to.
@_date: 2013-04-30 00:19:02
At its core, the blockchain is a distributed way for unrelated parties to agree on something, while making it difficult for an outside attacker to control the system. I've seen it re-imagined into a voting system, and you could use it anywhere else you need a sort of distributed agreement.
That said, so far as I know it doesn't come with any formal guarantees of security - "secure so long as no one party controls too much processing power, or gets improbably lucky" isn't a well-defined condition, and if you just want an agreement then there are better ways to arrive at it that do come with those guarantees.
So if you're using a blockchain, the application would have to lend itself to something ongoing and continually/periodically updated, like the ledger of bitcoin transactions. I'm not sure what would fill that space though.
@_date: 2013-05-31 15:46:40
Well, I've been caught not knowing what I'm talking about. I was assuming it was some sort of coloured coins deal where a coin stands for some amount of cash/commodity as well as being bitcoin... I was sadly mistaken.
@_date: 2013-04-10 09:32:40
No-one can tell you what's going to happen next. The best moment would be when it's at a low point, but when that's going to be and whether it's going to go significantly up before then... your guess is as good as mine.
Just don't put in more than you can afford to lose.
@_date: 2013-05-24 14:01:54
What you've backed up are the addresses and the keys to access them. If you send money to an address that's included in the backup then it'll work just fine and restoring from the backup will give you access to those funds.
If memory serves, the default behaviour is to have a bunch of addresses pre-generated and pull one from that pool when you request a "new" address, so a backup will include more addresses than you've actually used yet.
@_date: 2013-08-28 12:54:05
Well, taking physical currency obtained illegally, and spending it in a mob-controlled shop is a means of real-world money laundering, because it converts "dirty" money from crime into "clean" income from your legitimate business.
This *could* be a way to convert bitcoin garnered from illicit dealings into legitimised "mining income".
@_date: 2013-07-09 11:03:29
I don't know much about these things, but they seem to be touted as a way to do offline transactions by putting coins into a cheap physical token that you can then hand over.
But what stops you retaining the private key, using one of these to pay for stuff, then quickly going somewhere you can get online and sweeping the balance off to another address?
@_date: 2013-05-03 11:50:08
The price is dropping, no doubt about that, I just don't see what that has to do with ASICs. Or were you intending to just state unconnected facts one after the other without implying a relationship between them?
@_date: 2013-04-16 22:54:40
Short version of that other guy's wikipedia dump: all the effort is used to solve a cryptographic puzzle to generate the next block and update a distributed ledger of everyone's bitcoin transactions. 
The reward is offered as an incentive because the system needs someone (preferably a large number of someones) to do all the verifying of transactions, the work is made arbitrarily difficult to make it difficult for anyone to take over the blockchain without having immense computing resources to play with.
The compute time can't be used to any other useful end unless you can find a useful end that cares about bruteforcing SHA-256 in a fairly specific way.
@_date: 2013-05-02 14:17:25
"The dream is over" may be a touch melodramatic when it only went *up* through $100 at the beginning of April.
@_date: 2013-06-29 10:18:38
You'd have to do a bank transfer to get money into the exchange, and then pay exchange fees on top of that. So it's probably only going to save money overall if it would be a domestic transfer to the exchange versus international for the non Bitcoin route.
@_date: 2013-07-03 16:52:06
Sold at 135.25, pretty happy with that decision.
If only it hadn't been one good decision among many bad ones.
@_date: 2013-06-09 20:06:02
Hah, thanks man. Didn't know making jokes paid so well.
Only on for now.
@_date: 2013-06-16 11:37:37
I'm not sure that what you're practicing is quite what Twain meant when he said 'religion'. But it's a nebulous word, covers a lot of different things, so there's room for multiple practices going by the same name (might be clearer if they all had distinct names, but people get mighty pissed off if you try to tell them their religion isn't a religion)
In any case, you don't sound like you've bought in to ideas about supernatural entities as an explanation for the universe, or the odd sort of ethics that come from assuming a divine power as the source of all morality. If your version of religion is helping you through life and not directing you to hinder/harm/hate anyone else... good on ya, wish more people would convert to that one.
@_date: 2013-05-13 22:45:08
You're talking about a business deciding "Let's take a chunk of our income and set it aside for some unknown future day when it's worth more than it is right now".
I can see what you're suggesting - not some wild loss leader of a discount, just enough to encourage bitcoin (and business, generally) through the door, some of which you sell, some of which you hold. But I'm not convinced that a small business can afford to siphon much out of the system to save away. Even if they can, there's an opportunity cost involved - they could be using cash retained to build the business in other ways that they can't if they're holding on to bitcoin for the future.
Not sure what the stats are when it comes to the amount of money held as actual cash rather than stock/assets, but I know that even big companies can turn insolvent surprisingly quickly if their cash flow is interrupted.
@_date: 2013-04-30 01:26:55
Can't tell if enthusiastic customer or slightly-clever advertising.
@_date: 2013-05-07 12:56:34


But yeah, it sounds like a shockingly obvious dick move to start something like this then reserve the bulk of your made up resource for yourself.
@_date: 2013-04-27 18:38:12
I am clearly less familiar with *how shit works* than I thought.
Is that a result of receiving li'l bits of a coin onto multiple addresses, so that when you then want to use them you have to pay whatever the transaction fee is for every address you're sending from?
And if so, is there a downside beyond reduced anonymity to just having the site send to the same address repeatedly? (And also, if that's the case, why is it standard advice to use fresh addresses all the time...)
@_date: 2013-04-30 00:49:33
Seeing the way bitcoin works, I'm kinda shocked the banks haven't been able to do something better than the current system.
Assuming you're not expecting a bank to just straight-up invent money out of nowhere (presumably we're at least doing that much with regulation), all that seems to need to happen is for the sending bank to deduct a number from a database, and the receiving bank to do a corresponding add. Maybe keep records so they can settle their accounts every so often, add some layers of verification and security, but how on earth can it possibly take multiple days to wire funds...
@_date: 2013-06-16 11:21:46
Came to the comments to ask whether "ForexMinute" is a legit trading site, or one of the boundless number of get-rich-quick forex scams... going by easfawefsdf, I'm guessing the latter.
But if they have an audience I guess it could still be meaningful.
@_date: 2013-10-21 15:34:19
I think the answer to that is in the reference client - so far as I know there is no specification that says how to speak the bitcoin protocol, just an example client and the instruction to do what it does.
@_date: 2013-07-25 14:39:19
Bitcoins are represented as entries in a large shared ledger, the blockchain. Each address has a balance, that balance can be verified by looking back through previous blocks.
e.g. address A has 10 bitcoins because it was given 5 by address B, 2 by address C and 3 by address D. Those addresses received those coins in turn from... and so on back. To "own" a bitcoin, is to know the secret key for an address that has unspent "inputs" in the blockchain.
For bitcoin to hold together, everyone needs to agree on one consistent version of that ledger, even when people may have not heard about all the same transactions. To do that, mining is used to verify transactions and update the ledger to a public consensus. It's made artificially difficult so that no-one can attack the protocol by running up a fake ledger, and new bitcoins enter the system as a reward for mining.
The "artificially difficult" part is where a graphics card comes in. The work done when mining is essentially an easy task done millions of times, which graphics cards are good at (they have many small execution units instead of the 1-4 big ones you see in most CPUs). 
Actually these days it's all about ASICs (Application Specific Integrated Circuit), custom-made circuit boards designed to do nothing but mine bitcoin as fast as possible. GPU mining is becoming difficult to make profitable unless you already own the graphics card, and maybe not even then depending on the price you pay for electricity. ASIC mining in turn... would be profitable if anyone would ship the damn things on a timeframe not measured in months.
Basically mining is a difficult game right now unless you very much know what you're doing. Generally better off just putting the money directly into buying bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-06-24 15:13:47




I'm going to go with Saudi Arabia. Am I close?
@_date: 2013-04-29 21:02:51


The reward halves every 4 years and it'll take 32 * 4 (128) years to reduce the reward to nothing, so that's due in the year 2140. 
But for a very long time before that, it'll be next to nothing. Unless the price explodes and a few hundred/thousand satoshi becomes a serious sum of money.
In terms of the total supply of bitcoin, we're already past half-way, and will be 3/4 of the way there by the time the reward halves next time. Exponential decay (repeated halving) is a cruel mistress.
@_date: 2013-05-16 16:47:27


If the store doesn't have network access, how do they defend against people giving them paper wallets as payment then emptying them (leaving the store holding a worthless scrap of paper) as soon as they walk back outside to somewhere with mobile signal?
If the store does have network access, and they want to accept bitcoin, why not provide a wireless access point?
@_date: 2013-04-28 11:41:13
What's the cost of electricity like for you? I was under the impression that mining at home is mostly unprofitable.
@_date: 2013-11-19 02:20:57
Well, guess I'll have to call off the hit then.
@_date: 2013-06-02 16:40:10
If we're drawing this analogy, the 2011 bubble/crash is normally described as $1-&gt;$30-&gt;$2 but I don't know quite where to call the 'beginning' of the run-up to $266. 
Scrolling back on a week-per-bar scale on clarkmoody, it was monotonically upward from $13, but pretty much didn't look back from around $5-10. If we call the start of the rise $9, that would mirror nicely the 30x multiplier from start to peak, and predict an eventual slow decline back to $18 before it bounces upwards again to a new peak at $2360 (before dropping back to $157).
But that seems implausible - there's been a lot of build-up in the supporting structure, investment in maturing the bitcoin economy... a lot of that doesn't seem to have quite come 'online' yet, but I suspect the added weight/friction that comes from more coins being owned should make a swing by a factor of 15 or 30 more difficult.
@_date: 2013-06-08 22:38:19
Gentlemen, we cannot allow a bitcoin-mineshaft gap!
@_date: 2013-07-05 18:13:28
There are reasonable safeguards to prevent typo addresses being valid - the address contains a checksum that you'd have to also accidentally typo into something valid.
Coins in addresses that no-one knows the key to are truly inaccessible though, unless someone happens to generate the same key by luck or bruteforce. Which is so unlikely as to be effectively impossible.
Those coins that are gone, well, they minutely increase the value of the remaining coins to compensate. There's no direct mechanism, but scarcity + supply/demand will do it.
This has been covered many times before, but I guess such is the fate of any new tech - you end up explaining the same things to every newcomer with questions, and if you're not sick of doing it then that's becausse there's no new adopters.
@_date: 2013-04-23 01:28:05
Exactly like Facebook stocks. It wasn't quite 'no-one' but it was close...
@_date: 2013-06-02 15:58:42
If the value goes up, you just use smaller and smaller fractions of a coin to pay for the smallest purchase. Needs a minor protocol update to have everyone supporting more decimal places, but there'd be no shortage of units.
@_date: 2013-05-15 00:40:53
Saw it hit 34 days at one point. Suspect that may not have been actually true, but it feels about right.
@_date: 2013-06-02 20:03:38
For the price to move (in either direction), a lot of coins have to change hands. That's the only way open orders are going to be filled to actually shift the price significantly.
I mean, in theory, if everyone cancelled their bids between $120 and $100, you could move the spot price down with a single trade, but it's far more likely that a significant (rapid) swing will involve a lot of volume.
So there's a correlation there, but not in the way that you think.
@_date: 2013-04-22 16:52:57
Well you just made me deeply uneasy.
... thank you. Probably.
@_date: 2013-05-20 16:32:24
So you want to start with zero, and obtain some real product/service for free? Forgive me if I'm reading too much into your words, but this makes it sound like you're considering bitcoin as 'play money' or otherwise not quite real. 
To get an amount that buys you anything, you're going to have to put up something of equal value - other money, or a product/service of your own. There *are* 'faucets' that dispense tiny fractions of a coin, which would allow you to see how transactions work by sending coins between addresses, but it's unlikely to be enough to pay for anything (typical faucet payout is less than one US cent).
@_date: 2013-07-03 14:20:01
Not your fault, I suspect just a result of the legal chicanery around the BBC and advertising.
@_date: 2013-09-14 20:54:10
Indeed, 'tis what I figured. Don't know the recommended fee rules off the top of my head though.
@_date: 2013-04-09 19:41:58
No, it's higher now.
@_date: 2013-11-17 17:44:52
From the sounds of it, the feds were monitoring him for a long while before they actually arrested him. There's a reasonable chance that could have included a keylogger on his computer which would compromise his wallet if he ever typed the password for it into that machine.
@_date: 2013-07-14 10:56:11
If you tell people it can replace a savings account, they'll expect it to behave like a savings account, including such features as "near zero risk" and "small but steady returns from interest". 
You can use Bitcoin as a place to put surplus funds you don't immediately need, but a single similarity doesn't make it equivalent to or interchangeable with a savings account.
@_date: 2013-04-27 18:40:29
Does that go for every site that has a captcha? Specifically the 2 I mentioned? 
I don't want to contribute to that kind of crap, and the tiny amount paid makes the worth of going there in anything but the most already-wasted moment of boredom pretty much nonexistent.
@_date: 2013-07-17 15:44:58
ITT: Impressive demonstration of the power of bitcoin. Ain't no other way you're going to be able to efficiently throw small amounts of money at random internet strangers.
I'm late to the party, but still, cool stuff.
@_date: 2013-12-22 23:11:20
That much screen and only one chart on it? C'mon man, you know you want to Tile *All* The Charts.
@_date: 2013-04-16 13:56:57
Top chart: Line tracks the price, which is necessarily an average because you don't have the pixels to show every trade individually. Shaded areas track the min/max price. Bar chart shows the volume traded
Bottom chart is market depth.
The green line represents people willing to buy - height of the line is the number of coins people would be willing to buy if the price dropped to the number on the bottom axis. This is cumulative, so the figure at $50 is the sum total of everyone willing to buy higher than $50. Red line is the same thing for sell orders. 
That's where people are looking when they talk about buy or sell walls - a sudden rise in either line makes it difficult for the price to move past that point because there are lots of people willing to trade at that price when it gets there. Hovering over the lines gives you a read-out of how many coins (and how many dollars) would have to be bought/sold to move the price to that point. Although since orders can be cancelled at any moment, in reality it may take a lot less than that.
The bars are the changes to the number of orders at each price point - above the line = more orders, below the line = fewer orders. The colour indicates the effect of that change on the price. 
Increase in buyers: Green bar above the line; people willing to buy at price X means the price has to stay at or above X until their order is filled, so the price stays up.
Decrease in buyers: Red bar below the line; fewer buyers makes it easier for the price to drop.
Increase in sellers: Red bar above the line; more sellers at a price point makes it less likely for the price to rise past that point (because when it gets there, they all sell and stop it rising further)
Decrease in sellers: Green bar below the line; fewer sellers to meet the demand means the price would rise.
You'll sometimes see bars on the "wrong" side of the current price to what you'd expect from their colour and direction, which is just a result of the fact that the bottom graph updates much more slowly than the top one. So if the price drops suddenly from $65 to $55, the increase in buyers at $60 10 minutes ago is still there as a green bar, but the price has already moved past.
@_date: 2013-06-06 11:52:23
The problem is "What nonsense string can I append to the header of this block of transactions so that the SHA1 hash (of the whole header) will be a value smaller than X"
The usefulness of this, is that it takes a bunch of transactions and adds them officially to the blockchain. The reward is a transaction with no origin that the miner is allowed to put into the block, paying them some coins. 
They can't claim more reward than they're supposed to, because if they did then no-one else would relay that block and it wouldn't be a part of the mainline blockchain.
The difficulty is adjusted by changing the value of X - reduce the range of acceptable hash values and the odds of finding the right nonsense string go down, so you have to try more of them before you find a valid block header.
@_date: 2013-05-28 23:27:14
So the transaction that paid into your address is sod-off old, so assuming no odd shenannigans* should be confimed beyond all doubt.
Your client is all up to date and synchronised with the blockchain, so it shouldn't be waiting on that. This is indeed odd... seems like it has to be something gone dodgy with your client.
*e.g. "It was on a fork in the chain that got orphaned and for some reason your transaction never got picked up in another block" (unlikely)
@_date: 2013-07-05 17:28:54
I don't see why you couldn't have lending denominated in BTC. What you can't do is create more currency by act of will or government, to allow for "borrowing" by way of lending out money that didn't previously exist.. 
Question is whether that's a desirable feature because it limits the potential excesses of money-printing by central banks or undesirable because it limits the tools of monetary policy that can be used to maintain a stable economy (i.e. print more money to match growth in the size of the economy, so that purchasing power stays level or slightly declining with time).
The answer to that question is a function of your personal economic/political beliefs.
@_date: 2013-05-17 13:09:37
It'd be a major fork and difficult to implement even if you could get everyone to switch to it without trouble. You'd need a reliable way to identify miners, distributed consensus for the list of trusted/untrusted nodes, and some way to penalise the untrusted ones that I can't quite imagine right now.
Maybe if you imposed higher difficulty requirements on suspect nodes, but that'd be near enough equivalent to just rejecting their blocks out of hand. Which I guess you could do - hard blacklist, anyone caught cheating is exiled from mining. Still, need to be able to positively ID a miner, which I'm not sure is possible.
Returning to the larger question, of what to do about the possibility of someone swooping in with nigh-unlimited hash-power at their disposal... well, it hasn't happened yet, and it's only getting more difficult as time goes by. This may be a non-problem.
@_date: 2013-11-19 02:10:35
That's nice in theory, but the real world isn't populated by rational actors with perfect information in an efficient market. To put it lightly.
@_date: 2013-05-02 16:34:29
Quickly, rush this breaking news to an iReport. Do you have a quote for us from the president?
@_date: 2013-05-16 10:11:34
Probably. But talk to someone who actually knows their way around tax law.
@_date: 2013-05-13 23:15:09
Submitted by: twodayslate
I thought you were being super-meta, but the other submission of this same graphic that's on the front page was only submitted 7 hours ago.
@_date: 2013-12-27 00:45:44


That shouldn't be able to happen if their trade engine is working as it ought to - if you place a limit sell below the price of the highest bid, that should behave exactly like a market sell, taking the highest bids in order, not skipping down the list to one at a matching price.
So your situation sounds like A Thing That Should Not Have Happened. Only thing I can think of is if Kraken is hooked into some other exchange's order book, and your order either wasn't set to route to that other exchange or there was some weird business with differing fee levels (making the 'lower' bid somehow a better offer by having lower fees attached)
*Or* if you'd only just put your limit bid in shortly before, it could be lag in either the engine or the ticker (either way, resulting in a dip/recovery that happened before your order was processed).
@_date: 2013-11-28 04:51:07
There's no need for concern about "safe" - there's no way to lose your coins by not including a fee. It can delay the transfer getting confirmed though.
Exactly how long for depends on the details of your transaction - how many bytes of data it takes up, how old the coins involved are, that kind of thing. There are some sets of conditions where a transaction will be flat-rejected for not including a fee, everything else miners just take the best available candidates to fill up a block... so you'll be at the back of the queue, but if it takes long enough it'll just get cancelled and your coins will be back where they started.
@_date: 2013-07-19 11:43:31
This is not a fun and happy way to publicise bitcoin, it's putting an extra demand on someone who likely doesn't want it. 
If you're working a crappy service job, the last thing you need is some evangelist trying to force you into something through their tip. It's entirely their right to ignore bitcoin and still receive in full whatever tip you thought they deserved.
If you get to talking with your waiter/waitress/valet/masseuse/gardener or whoever, and they're interested in bitcoin (and actually interested in an "I want some" way, not just showing polite interest because they're working for you and don't want to piss you off) then go ahead and offer. 
Otherwise just give them money they already know how to use. Quietly leaving a "this tip is bitcoin" card is likely just going to end with an annoyed server and a card in the trash.
@_date: 2013-07-04 08:35:49
Buying with a credit card or paypal is problematic because of the potential for scammers to "pay" for coins, then issue a chargeback after they've received them. There's no way to reverse a bitcoin transaction so the seller would be 100% out of pocket.
Cash dropped off at a bank or traded in person is irrevocable. Bank wires are tricky to reverse, probably needing a court order. Anything else is just too risky. You can find the occasional seller accepting Paypal/credit card, but either their prices will be higher to accommodate that risk or they'll eventually be posting here about how they got ripped off.
@_date: 2013-04-30 00:44:10
Well, a little.
Maybe not, no. Not really.
@_date: 2013-06-21 16:24:52
Be careful with ebay 'n all; their dispute resolution favours the buyer and (assuming Paypal are involved) they can and will reverse the charge unless you can provide proof of postage, which you can't because there was nothing to be posted.
@_date: 2013-04-20 10:30:01
There could potentially be difficulty in attaching the other person to their address, but for that to be a problem they'd have to have been selling anonymously, not providing a name or contact details, otherwise you just point to the email or website from Mr J. Doe saying "please send payment to address xxxx".
And if you were dealing with an anonymous seller... well, that's already a good way to get ripped off, even without bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-07-09 10:58:59


I'm assuming catharsis.
@_date: 2013-06-25 14:54:59
The blockchain is inherently a record of every transaction, that's its purpose. What it doesn't publish is any of the "real life" identifying details of the person behind the bitcoin address.
But if you were hell-bent on identifying someone, they'd have to have gone to special lengths to make that truly impossible - never associating their bitcoin addresses with any entity that knows their real name. Most exchanges are out, buying goods that are then shipped to your address is out, even a location attached to an offer on localbitcoins would narrow the search for a sufficiently determined stalker.
Then add to that the potential for discovering identity by correlating hundreds of tiny signals from your addresses - it's been done before with search histories (people google their own names, or even if they don't they google for local news, directions to/from their hometown, illnesses that they or relatives are afflicted with etc) so it would seem likely that it could be done with transaction histories.
@_date: 2013-04-22 20:30:46
Have you seen ? 
Pretty full of ITish (and creative) sorts. Not sure if that proves there's a burgeoning market for it, or just that lots of people would *like* there to be.
@_date: 2013-05-17 20:00:50
I don't even understand what problem you think you're trying to solve. Maintaining a book of open orders is pretty fundamental to the nature of what an exchange is.
@_date: 2013-05-15 07:50:07
True story, the "emotional" reasoning of our instincts and heuristics can do a damn good job and I don't mean to disparage.
One of its strengths is taking in input from far more things at once than we can ever consciously consider... that's a bit double edged  though when it means our decisions can be swayed by all kinds of irrelevant factors.
@_date: 2013-05-07 00:28:44
You could set a floor for the price of BTC (as denominated in CNY) by placing an unlimited buy order backed up by the state's ability to print money to fill it. Then you can set a pseudo-ceiling by offering to sell back the coins you buy that way at a slightly higher price, but that could be over-run if there were enough buyers.
Bad idea in a large market - the inflation from money-printing would be noticeable, but for Bitcoin... not so much.
@_date: 2013-10-21 15:41:33
**If** bitcoin ever went truly global, it would take very a small number of coins to be among the most bitcoin-wealthy people alive. 
World population of 7 billion. At most 70 million can be in the top 1% ordered by wealth. Thus the highest barrier there can be to entering that group (if the top 1% each have an equal share and no-one else has any) is 21M coins / 70M people = ~~0.03btc~~ 0.3btc
But you can probably adjust downwards to get the population of internet-connected people who are ever likely to give a damn in the near future. Say 1 billion... then 2.1btc is enough to forever be in the top 1% by bitcoin ownership.
**But** this hinges on bitcoin going big. Really big. Place your bets...
@_date: 2013-04-12 13:39:54
If it's coming from a botnet, which would seem the easiest/preferred tool for a DDoS, the source of traffic would be more or less indistinguishable from the general population.
And as for "no point"... there is no floor below which the price cannot possibly sink, not until it hits $0.00, until then there's money to be made by driving it down lower.
@_date: 2013-11-25 00:01:55
Hah... yeah... no, I wish I had the kind of money that would attract shameless suckuppery. I mean, I'd keep it secret* to avoid the shameless suckuppery, but still, would be nice to have.
So I guess technically me saying "I don't have that kind of money" provides zero information as to whether I not I actually do - either way I'd say I didn't.
@_date: 2013-05-07 00:42:15
It'd take a hell-lot of resources to pull off, but it is possible.
The method for the "51% attack" isn't too difficult to understand - you first spend your coins in one place, then immediately set about trying to build a valid chain that *doesn't* include that transaction, one long enough that when you release the news to the world, it's longer than the previous "real" blockchain, and hence gets adopted as the new truth.
But that means you need to either get very lucky, or be mining blocks faster than the rest of the network combined. Even at 51% the odds are only just barely in your favour. 
6 confirmations is standard because that's the point where an attacker with 10% of the hash-rate has only a 0.1% chance of succeeding. Guess whoever came up with that as a default assumption didn't anticipate the eventual existence of the big mining pools. Although, if a pool did commit a double-spend, it'd have to be big to be worth it, and that would make it noticeable, and then hopefully people would abandon that pool.
Edit: It's worth noting that no matter how much hash-power you throw at it, you'd never be able to "take control of bitcoin" and spend someone else's coins. For that you'd still need their private key. Taking control of the blockchain by superior hash-rate would just let you decide which transactions get included or excluded. A powerful position, but not all-powerful.
@_date: 2013-05-13 19:44:46


Pretty sure most businesses don't have the kind of margins that allow you to sit on cash for months or years while you wait for it to rise in value. 
With suppliers and overheads to pay, healthy cash-flow is vital and you probably can't afford to take the short-term hit, especially when it may not be all that short, and is by no means guaranteed to yield a long-term gain.
@_date: 2013-05-21 01:06:15
You're confusing mining with transacting.
An ordinary bitcoin user creates a transaction, and publishes it to the network so everyone knows they want to send X bitcoins from address A to address B, they sign with their key to prove they own address A, all is well and good.
Lots of these transactions are public knowledge on the network (but unconfirmed), and a miner gathers up a bunch of them into a block to form the next update to the blockchain and validate the transactions they picked, but only so many transactions fit in a block, so they pick the ones that pay the most fees. Then they have to do the actual hard work of mining - trying lots of different hashes until they get one that happens by chance to have the right properties.
The difficulty of that work is adjusted dynamically so that a block only happens (on average) once every 10 minutes. It varies a lot - sometimes a new block will be found in seconds, sometimes it'll take an hour, but it averages out. 
All the miners are in direct competition with each other - you can build your own private fork to the chain if you want, but no-one will pay any attention unless you're building on the main chain that everyone else is working on.
So to pick up the important points, one block is added every 10 minutes, and is limited on size. Transactions will be chosen based on their fees, so spam would become costly. You *could* theoretically try and mine a block including whatever crappy transactions you like, but it'd be a lot of hard work and you'd be losing money compared to what you could have gained by just mining the high-fee transactions like everyone else.
@_date: 2013-04-30 00:13:15
Why did I even click on this, I knew it was just going to make me annoyed to see yet another person wanting to ask the same damn question. 
No-one can tell you what the price of bitcoin is going to do next, or in the long-term. What you do about it is between you and the degree to which you are averse to risk.
@_date: 2013-07-05 09:28:20
Mind if I ask in broad terms how that works?
I mean, what exactly are you offering - instructions/advice? Specialist software? 
@_date: 2013-05-02 21:14:24
I don't think that's something software can do. Your power usage will depend in large part on the details of what's going on inside your CPU/GPU, so unless there's something baked into the hardware to count power consumption and report it up to the Operating System, there's no way for software to find that information.
Even if I'm mistaken and that does exist, it would likely not be as accurate as a device that's physically between your computer and the socket.
@_date: 2013-05-14 00:59:28
I think extending your "atom in space" analogy, using dictionary attacks against brainwallet methods would be akin to limiting your search for an atom to the volume of the solar system. Still pretty big, still mostly empty, but you know there's going to be some big clusters of 'atoms' in there somewhere.
@_date: 2013-04-18 22:02:44
Typically it causes people to not know what the 'true' price on Gox is, and thus make impulsive and potentially unwise decisions for fear of 'missing out' on whatever the sudden market movement of the moment is.
So mostly recently it's made the price go down, but I think there's been some other cases where lag has struck during a rise and seemed to add to it.
@_date: 2013-05-22 20:18:59
Posting actual ID would be better, but verification of the number drawn (and that the draw was fair) is still the more important one I think. Sure, you could theoretically run off with the cash, but there'd be more money to be made in being a respectable lottery operator so long as you run more than 10 of them.
You might find a few people willing to chance it on an unknown (although likely at lower stakes than 11 bitcoin between them), but it's absolutely entirely vital that the draw be properly random and public, or the sock-puppet attack (or the closely related "get your friend to enter" attack) wins the day.
Possible solution is to use the blockchain as your source of public randomness, would seem above and beyond the possible/sane to spend mining effort on trying to make a block with the right last digit in the hash.
@_date: 2013-05-22 20:07:57
Informative and enlightening, do you have a newsletter I can subscribe to?
@_date: 2013-05-10 14:49:32
You don't even need to move the BTC - just have a balance in both currencies on both exchanges.
Example: I have $1000 and 10BTC on both. I notice a significant price difference, say $100 vs $120. I buy coins for $100 to end up with $0 and 20BTC on one exchange, and sell for $120 to end up with $2200 and 0BTC on the other exchange.
Started with $2000 and 20BTC, ended with $2200 and 20BTC. Profit of $200 (minus fees) but if I want to repeat the process I have to move coins and fiat around. Unless the next opportunity is in the opposite direction - then everything is already in place.
@_date: 2013-05-16 11:52:15
Mining ASICs aren't really equivalent to super-computers in the way they've been compared - they can't do arbitrary computations, they're optimised to blue fuck for specifically the operations needed for mining.
So yeah, matching the combined hash-rate of all the miners would require a boat load of super-computers, but the miners couldn't just up and re-purpose into the world's best super-computer.
@_date: 2013-07-03 16:54:32


That was true for less than one day.
@_date: 2013-05-13 23:12:51
Suspect they'd need reliable internet access first, but when that's in place it could be a *really* powerful thing to be able to receive payment from anywhere on the world on the same terms as local sellers.
No more extortionate wire fees, no more week-long waiting periods, no need for anyone to worry about handing over their card details (the difference between "make a payment" and "get charged" is important there), it's a real levelling force.
I mean, there still needs to be trust that you'll deliver on whatever you're selling, but such is life, and what we have reputation systems for.
@_date: 2013-06-29 10:21:50
Can't tell if this guy's a little crazy, or attempting satire... possibly both.
@_date: 2013-07-05 16:01:12


Ah yes, the end of March. Also known as "just before April."
Seems so familiar, like something significant might have happened in April.
@_date: 2013-05-03 16:25:52
Some paragraph breaks would make this much easier to read. Just sayin'
@_date: 2013-04-16 07:40:01
If you keep trying to predict every swing, you'll be wrong about as often as right (unless you're lucky) and end up chasing the trend all the way down to wherever it goes.
Sell while it's still on the happy side of $50, then take your life back - go outside, do something fun, don't think about bitcoin. That last paragraph sounds like classic addiction symptoms.
@_date: 2013-05-17 20:07:28


Tell me, exactly how long have you been watching the price?
@_date: 2013-05-28 23:24:11
I don't think he read beyond the title.
@_date: 2013-05-10 14:28:39
Theoretically they could be, but it would require what I'm assuming would be a reasonably major update.
@_date: 2013-04-23 17:01:50
When the total amount of mining power goes down, pretty sure the difficulty would go down with it aiming to keep the rate at 1 block per 10mins.
That takes a certain amount of time, so if all the chips really did just fail all at once then the time-to-block would rise temporarily... well that would limit supply and maybe cause a price hike while coins are marginally less easily available, but it's not like the price is all that strongly linked to supply from mining.
@_date: 2013-11-28 14:39:49
The times when you call it right though... when you sell out then watch it plunge, or buy in at the tail end of rising pressure before it goes careening through a couple of walls... that moment is like being God.
At least until the price abruptly reverses direction and turns your winning trade into a mis-step.
@_date: 2013-05-30 21:42:15
Sending the coins to yourself isn't necessary and might incur transaction fees. 
Import the private keys (which is what's actually stored in the wallet file) and the new client will gain access to the coins you already had in the addresses they were always in, without needing a transaction.
@_date: 2013-05-13 19:39:29
I must be missing something - I've been using that site for a while and never seen it there. There's the order book, but the "sum" column on that is in btc.
I guess there's also the calculators, allowing for games of "If I dropped $X into the market, how much slippage would happen?" but that's pretty much equivalent to the mouse-over text on bitcoinity.
Am I just blind?
@_date: 2013-10-17 17:53:32
1. Mining difficulty gets higher *because* there are more people mining. If growth in the combined hash rate of all miners stopped, so would the rising difficulty. It's not pre-ordained to get exponentially more difficult forever, and ought to stabilise at the point where mining is just barely profitable (where the nominal cost of electricity/equipment is equal to the reward received)   
If there were easy money to be had, more miners would appear, if it were unprofitable then miners would close down and the hash-rate/difficulty would fall. Equilibrium.
2. One drug site closes, another three open, and not enough people pay attention for Silk Road going down to "remove the association". People are going to keep conflating bitcoin with illicit use, just try and stop them. I mean, it'll increasingly become a marker for the uninformed, but lots of people are underinformed.
3. I don't think you know the meaning of the phrase "legal tender" - that's money that a government designates as being good for the payment of all debts. As in, you are *required* to accept it in settlement of a debt owed unless you have a contract specifying a different form of payment.  
Not necessarily required to accept it in payment (hence vending machines that refuse to take pennies), but legally-mandated as valid payment for all your financial obligations. "Legal tender" as a concept is intended to give a legal basis for preventing people insisting on anything "weird" to settle a debt when you're already pre-obliged to pay them. Germany hasn't done anything that radical just by deciding it's not illegal.
I think the concepts involved in bitcoin are great, but this sort of post does it no favours.
@_date: 2013-04-28 10:47:59
I've explained it somewhere before, but it feels easier to repeat it than to find it...  the bars on the bottom chart are changes to the number of people wanting to trade at each price point. The direction of the bar shows whether the number of buyers/sellers has risen or fallen, and the colour indicates the pressure that exerts on the price.
e.g. Green upward bar at price X: More buyers at price X, so the price can't go lower than X until all those buyers have been sold to.
Occasionally you'll see a bar out of place (like an upward red bar, usually meaning "more sellers" that's on the left of the current price where an upward bar should be more buyers and hence green), that's just an artifact of the chart updating slowly, so the price can move past a bar on the chart while it's still there from 10 minutes ago.
@_date: 2013-07-08 11:26:08
"While syncing" is irrelevant, if you made the transaction then it's on the network, whether your client knows about it or not.
By "change the wallet", do you mean copy it across or just change the location used? You might have left the key to the address in an old wallet.dat file, and it would need to come across to grant access.
@_date: 2013-04-24 16:05:42
When there's lag, all the information you have will be telling you a price from the past, but orders you enter will always be executed according to the current price when your order gets processed.
If it's a market order, that could mean you get a very different price, if it's a limit order it could mean you miss your target and your trade doesn't happen until the price comes back to the point you entered an instruction for.
@_date: 2013-04-30 01:09:57




I'm not sure I see how that helps. If Alice is sending money to Bob, Alice's bank has to end up with less money on the books in favour of Bob's bank... even if they both have accounts with some other bank, they can't both claim to have Alice's money in those accounts.
As for settlement being the tricky part, it also seems like that is the part that's happening between entities that ought to be able to trust each other to make good on their promises. 
I can understand my bank not trusting me, they probably shouldn't, but I'm not seeing why they can't trust each other and... essentially do the equivalent of a zero-conf transaction, trust that the money is on its way rather than make the end customers wait 4 days.
With large sums, I can see wanting to be damn sure, maybe even *needing* for the funds to have "actually" arrived before you can pass them on to the recipient, but for transfers under say $1000...
@_date: 2013-07-05 19:14:03
Pretty sure that has to eventually stop too. Otherwise the entire observable universe would be cancer by now.
@_date: 2013-04-10 00:07:53
Knew that joy until earlier today. Then I bought in and the price started dropping. Feels good.
@_date: 2013-07-12 14:49:47


There are *much* less risky ways to speculate with money than sinking it into bitcoin. 
Speaking as a young guy with disposable income, I can stand to take a limited risk and potentially lose it all, but you don't fuck about with a retirement fund. If you mishandle that, you're potentially left without an income to, yknow, retire on.
@_date: 2013-06-07 13:07:02
Sounds like you're considering mining. That's unlikely to turn a profit any time this decade unless you really know what you're doing going in. The equipment is expensive, unlikely to arrive quickly, and getting less and less useful as time goes by and the difficulty goes up.
If you want "in", get some money to an exchange and buy some coins. Maybe the price goes up and you gain from the difference. Maybe the price goes down and you lose money, such is the nature of a marketplace.
Whatever else you decide, for the love of everything don't put in money you can't afford to lose. At every stage ask yourself "What would I do if this was a total bust, and every cent I've put in evaporated?"
@_date: 2013-05-30 18:43:35
Mostly for general awareness/interest. Partly for anyone who would otherwise be inclined to go by the default order value on Gox, which seems to be set by the highest bid/lowest ask.
Is doing that lazy/ill-advised? Yes. Common-place... probably. I don't think people deserve to lose money for mistakes of inexperience, see little point in saying nothing to perpetuate a state of ignorance, and besides that I'd be more concerned about undue influence on the market as a whole than the individual people being influenced.
@_date: 2013-05-06 17:54:58


I think the implication of the article is that Bitcoin might be approved by the Chinese state as one among many ways of weakening the status of USD as the world's reserve currency.
@_date: 2013-04-22 16:51:48
No rule, but human psychology fuckin' loves round numbers. 
Not everyone is necessarily very good at understanding what decimals even really mean (Verizon's dilemma over 0.02 dollars vs 0.02 cents for example)
@_date: 2013-04-12 11:16:44
"Out of sync" = still catching up with the news of recent transactions.
Your client can't know that your wallet has those coins until it reaches and processes the block containing the transaction where you sent them.
@_date: 2013-06-25 09:50:13
Just as I was getting interested, an old friend posted something on Facebook about having made some money from the pre-crash rise. 
They got out before it went totally vertical. Didn't hit the peak by a long shot, but they did okay.
@_date: 2013-04-23 10:35:19
Happy birthday man
I don't have cake (or a camera) to hand, but I've been snacking on these li'l bites of joy today if that's close enough... 
@_date: 2013-04-14 23:47:43
I'm not sure that's wise - the space-time continuum is a fragile thing, and I would really hate to be devoured by an eldritch monstrosity from the eleventh circle of the nether-hell. 
@_date: 2013-07-11 09:39:44
No-one can tell you what the price is going to do in the future, anyone who claims to be able to is lying. 
Standard advice: be mentally prepared for the possibility of it going to $0, or the exchange getting seized, or your coins getting lost/stolen. Don't put in any money you couldn't easily walk away from if you lost it all.
@_date: 2013-05-31 15:07:16
If you find a way to piggyback some other thing on top of bitcoins transactions, that still creates demand for bitcoins - makes the things you've paired together more symbiotic than pure competitors.
@_date: 2013-06-25 13:38:04
The situation is far from being in MtGox's interests; every time they hit some sort of difficulty (DDoS, Dwolla seizure, this suspension of withdrawals) they lose market share to the other exchanges that never entirely comes back.
They don't really benefit from the price of bitcoin being anything in particular, and really wouldn't benefit from artificially altering their own exchange rate (that just encourages people to arbitrage or go elsewhere), they just want high trade volume to maximise the fees being paid.
@_date: 2013-04-20 19:11:25
Since I'm just going by the chart, take this with a disclaimer that it might bear as much resemblance to the real in-the-moment events as if I was interpeting the entrails of a chicken... but the best interpretation I have for events is that a downward trend had become obvious, and that spurred some selling to get out before it full further. 
A buy-wall at $50 held the price there, which creates an impression that it might be done falling, at least for now, increasing confidence, and the price rebounded upwards.
Now, the trend since then looks positive, but I'm not even going to attempt a guess at where it might go from here - I suspect people are likely to be more cautious given the $266 crash, but it might be a slow up. Or it might be an 'aftershock' - confidence is still going to be hella shaky, might not take very much to cause another mini-panic and send the price scurrying back down to $50 or less.
@_date: 2013-04-11 14:51:31
I gather (read: I don't actually know but it sounds plausible) it's either deliberate manipulation -sudden large sells to drive the price down and spook the rest of the market into following suit- or a result of the lag on Gox - again, creating uncertainty and scaring people into selling.
Or possibly both; if you submit a large sell as thousands of tiny orders then you'll put the lag up and the price down. Then DDoS sources of news at the same time to maximise uncertainty and fear...
Immediate cause: as above. Longer term cause: it was over-inflated and people knew it (or at least enough people thought it, amounts to the same thing) and all it took was a sufficiently sharp nudge to send the price off a cliff.
@_date: 2013-11-18 04:01:06
When all of your costs are denominated in fiat, those risks are mostly limited to slow losses to inflation, and the opportunity cost of being in fiat when you could be in something more profitable.
The risk of being left destitute, homeless or starving as a result of market movements is slim to none. Well, I suppose it can happen if broader macroeconomic trends push you out of work, but that's a bit beyond the scope of the question of bitcoin vs fiat.
On the other hand, being all in bitcoin, your net worth can fluctuate wildly with every shift in the market. The fact that's it been on the up for the last little while is by no means evidence that it won't suddenly have the bottom drop out.
Even if you're the biggest bull in the rodeo, it makes sense to have a backup plan in case of disaster.
@_date: 2013-05-29 01:51:21
Actually that's mostly survivorship bias - the only consumer goods still surviving from decades ago (or buildings surviving from centuries ago, or monuments surviving from millenia ago) are the ones that were particularly well built. 
But the longer they survive, the more they become well-known symbols of a past time, so we over-estimate how common they were in that time and the general level of quality of "stuff from the past".
The well-built ones from today (which will go on to last for decades) are a lost signal in the noise of cheap crap, just like the old ones also were in their time.
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:40:20
The delta from high to low is the same for everyone, your question is equivalent to just "Who owns the most bitcoins".
If you have 450 of them, either you got in early enough for that to be cheap, or you had the kind of money that lets you drop tens of thousands of dollars on a risky investment... or you're now in deep shit with whoever lent you money. Only the third case leaves me particularly sympathetic to your pseudo-loss.
@_date: 2013-07-06 09:37:26
Much mention of the "additional scientific value" to their proof of work scheme, no mention that I could see of *what it is*.
Has to be something more than just "find the next biggest prime number" (my first thought) unless they're abandoning the highly useful feature of it depending on the previous block so as to disallow pre-computing the next N answers in advance.
@_date: 2013-06-17 15:53:15
Such as death?
@_date: 2013-05-17 13:48:11
There's only a limited amount of 'control' you can exert before your actions erode trust in the network and end up destroying it anyway. Easier, and more conserving of the status-quo, just to aim to destroy it from the get-go. 
@_date: 2013-04-30 23:17:12
Don't be an ass, I'm not acting all mind-blown by the size of the number, just confused that it defies the normal logic.
@_date: 2013-05-17 16:24:18
First thing for any advice on how to go about using them; how did you receive them? Are they stored in a wallet attached to a website or did they give you a paper wallet, or did they come through the reddit tipbot, or... some other way?
@_date: 2013-05-17 10:47:46
The blockchain establishes a giant shared ledger, saying how many coins each address has. There's no serial number attached to each coin - if there was, it'd get really interesting when you transact with tiny fractions of a bitcoin.
Each "address A owns balance B" entry can be checked by following back the chain of transactions, tracing each coin or part thereof to its origin, when it was added to the system as a mining reward.
In day-to-day operations, transactions are indeed broadcast across the network. Miners (not all nodes) gather up a bundle of transactions into a block and try to find a nonce that makes the hash of the block header (details on what's in that header [here]( begin with a specified number of leading zeroes - more zeroes, more difficult to come by.
Once they find a valid block, they broadcast the news, everyone checks their work to confirm it, and that becomes the new state of the world. Everyone should then start mining a new block on top of the latest one, unless they're trying to out-race the network to achieve a double-spend, or possibly just to pick up the mining reward (it can happen that 2 different but valid blocks are found at much the same time, then which one is accepted depends on which side of the chain ends up longer by the addition of more blocks on top). 
@_date: 2013-07-29 17:58:03
Back up a step, why do you need to know "the" price? (In quotes because, as others have said, there is no one true price, just a lot of different people offering to buy/sell at different prices in different places) 
It seems likely that you're not quite asking the right question to solve your real problem.
@_date: 2013-07-08 08:43:11
EMA crossovers can be an indication of a trend, but they are *always* information about the past, and can't tell you the future. 
When the EMA's cross, it means there's been a moderately significant movement in that direction, trading on that basis means assuming that it will continue to do the same for a while. Or on a meta-level, assuming that enough other people/bots trade on the basis of EMAs that they'll push the price in that direction for a while.
@_date: 2013-06-29 10:03:19
By the nature of Bitcoin, there *has* to be a public record of every transaction - the only way of knowing who owns which coins is to consult the log and see who they were last transferred to.
But that record is all in terms of addresses; one person can control many addresses (think of them like a collection of safe deposit boxes that you hold the key to), and there's nothing to tie one address to any other, unless they're involved in the same transaction.
Without doing some serious legwork (probably backed up by a court order or sub poena) there's no way to look up who owns an address. Standard advice for privacy is to use as fresh address every time you receive coins, or at least a different address for each person/company you do business with.
@_date: 2013-07-16 15:21:37
From the sounds of it, you still can't get USD out of Gox. So Gox-dollars are worth less than the dollars on other exchanges.
@_date: 2013-04-26 14:33:59
Incremental fill and the other options there are about how you want your order to be completed
Fill or kill: Tell the exchange you want your order either done completely right now (if that's possible) or cancelled (if that's not possible)
All-or-nothing: Allows some time for the match-up to be found, but still issues the instruction that you want your order either filled completely or not at all.
Incremental fill: You're willing to wait, and you're willing to only have your order partially completed. So if you issue a Buy for 10 coins at $50 and you can only get 5 at that price, you'll do that part of the trade immediately then continue looking for the other 5.
@_date: 2013-06-03 11:48:44
The blockchain can indeed show you where your coins went, and where that address has sent coins on to, and so on to the n'th degree of removal.
Theoretically, one of those (eventually, very many) descendant addresses may be identifiable - they interact with a merchant or an exchange who takes their real-life details.
But the chances of finding your thief that way, unless they don't know what they're doing, are low. Either one of the intermediate steps will be a mixing service, or the coins will have been sold to someone else off-exchange, so the trail would only lead you to someone who *may* have very indirectly done business with the thief.
@_date: 2013-05-10 22:16:23
Receiving is trivial - you don't have to be signed up prior to getting a tip, and the bot will message you if/when you get tipped with instructions on how to claim and transfer out your coins.
@_date: 2013-05-02 21:19:51
Watts = energy/time, so multiply by time to get the total energy consumed, then multiply by the price in $/energy-unit. 
Specifically, the wattage of your device (averaged, it'll vary) multiplied by the length of time you have it turned on (in hours) gives you a number in Watt-hours. Divide by 1000 to get Kilowatt-hours, which is what you're most likely to find electricity prices quoted in.
Then either give your electricity company a call, or see if they post the rates online, and multiply again by their price per kilowatt-hour.
@_date: 2013-06-16 22:17:47
Poor you, "only" tens of thousands of dollars  :P
(Assuming you still have them now)
@_date: 2013-11-19 17:19:25
Sure, I could see an argument for a sudden sharp drop being a return to relative rationality after the madness and mania of a hyped up bubble. Representing a collective realisation of "What in the hell was I thinking, they aren't worth **that** much."
@_date: 2013-05-02 11:31:40
Linking directly to a ticking "Your download starts in x seconds" counter? Poor form, should really assume people might want to read a little more about what you're telling them before they jump straight to downloading a random executable.
I already run the client, and I'm still hacked off by the assumption that I'm happy to download and run a program based on nothing more than a post title.
@_date: 2013-06-25 13:27:45
If you have USD trapped on Gox, you might buy there so that you can withdraw your BTC and sell them elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-07-05 23:21:33
And human nature is universal - when people start buying *because* a thing is rising in value, their decisions lose all independence from each other and all the economic theory about rational markets ceases to apply.
@_date: 2013-04-24 23:05:14
Quantum physics is probablistic, not deterministic. Events like radioactive decay are truly random.
@_date: 2013-05-30 23:06:49
Online wallets are entirely run off a remote server and can be accessed by signing in to a website. Lite wallets run the handling of your coins on your own machine but don't keep a copy of the blockchain (outsourcing only that part to a remote server)
@_date: 2013-12-07 03:52:03
Wait, it wasn't? I need to go look at the picture again...
(Slightly later): OHHHHHHHHHH, I see it now.
@_date: 2013-05-21 00:55:19
Didn't people do this with the Xbox 360? If memory serves, demand was pretty fierce when it first came out, and people were bidding on ebay without fully checking out what they were bidding on, apparently just going by the picture. 
Sneak a little "this is just a photo", or "just the box" into the description somewhere (especially effective against parents buying for a gift who don't understand the difference between "Xbox box" and "PC computer") then hope enough people fail to notice...
@_date: 2013-07-06 14:51:51
Where traditional currency fails or is otherwise not an option, people revert to using the most liquid commodity as money. Cigarettes in prison, vodka for bribes in russia.
Some might say they are actually using the *next* most liquid commodity, where the first most was currency intended for that purpose.
@_date: 2013-04-16 00:38:29
"Every dollar that comes out must have gone in at some point." You could say the same of any exchange, or indeed the economy as a whole.
Creation of new value would happen in the cases where transactions not previously possible are made, or conducted more efficiently, allowing businesses to grow, allowing things of 'real' value to enter the world that wouldn't have done so otherwise.
If trading is all a zero-sum game, then the net worth of the world should still be the same as it was in the stone age.
@_date: 2013-06-19 23:13:20
Okay, so just correctly identify the top and the bottom of the market, every day, consistently and continuously. 
Even when the price is on a general downward slope. Even when the price is too flat to actually profitably trade that day when you deduct trading fees. Even when it's basically acting like a random walk.
Sure, sounds easy.
@_date: 2013-05-14 16:44:13
That would make me immensely nervous. Fair play to you if it pans out and you get to have your very own gold-plated island, but still, risky move there.
@_date: 2013-04-20 10:51:32


Is that number correct? It sounds suspiciously close to the approx. 11 million coins that currently exist, and there are plenty of people with a lot more than 1 BTC. 
Presumably also a lot of people with fractions of a coin, but I would find it an odd coincidence if it averaged out to something as neat as 1 BTC each.
@_date: 2013-05-14 18:27:31
I think the psychology of the thing might work better when phrased as "send us a text message with your vote, fees apply" rather than "pay us money to make the contestant win", even though they're functionally identical when you can send as many texts as you can pay fees for.
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:01:04
Any experience with cash withdrawals? I'm toying with the idea of putting money in to lend; crazy numbers for the rate of return. Not worth much if they're not good at paying back out though.
@_date: 2013-07-25 13:18:34
No need for anyone to be deliberately thinking about it and setting their sell prices accordingly. If "USD owed to me by MtGox" is in lower demand than "USD owed to me by CampBX", then the price of those dollars, as denominated in BTC, will rise and fall accordingly.
As for what's causing the difference in demand (when USD is theoretically fungible), the fact that MtGox seems to be struggling to make good in a sensible amount of time would see to that.
@_date: 2013-05-24 12:37:19
Presumably (have also never used it) Gox want to move the coins from the address attached to that key to one they know they have secure.
Otherwise, if those coins go mysteriously missing, there'd be no way to tell whose security was at fault. Opens them up to claims of "you lost my coins, I demand recompense" when the user's computer got owned, or for that matter when the user decided to pull a fast one and 'steal' their own coins.
@_date: 2013-05-14 01:20:39
Gox was down for a while, maybe people stopped watching and went away for a while.
Edit: Plus, this is what... various stages of the evening across the USA, middle of the night/early morning across Europe, only just headed into 'business hours' in China. Not exactly prime trading time for anyone except Australia.
@_date: 2013-04-24 16:41:00
Send money to anyone, anywhere in the world, at any time, in half an hour with almost no fees.
That's the killer feature as I see it.
@_date: 2013-07-03 14:56:22
So, speculation time? Any ideas what happens tomorrow if withdrawals come back, or if they don't?
@_date: 2013-04-23 21:04:04
Sorry, Transferwise decision? Have I missed some news?
@_date: 2013-06-27 15:57:37


You are posting in we know.


Tell that to the forex traders. Buying currency *can* be an investment, even if that's not its main use.


Pretty big assumption, don't you think? Surely the lifeblood of an economy is economic activity - people trading, working, producing things. 
And who says you couldn't have credit denominated in bitcoin? Volatility would make it a bigger risk, but "risky" is a very very long way from impossible.


What exactly is the dollar "producing"? It's a trade token, not an end in itself. Currencies don't make goods, people make goods and then they sell them for currency.


The illicit side are drawn by the ease of anonymity. But legitimate and legal trade is also attracted by the low costs, instant transfers and global nature.


I'm sure society at large will be sure to take your recommendations into account.


Both of those things are possible. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:58:17
Bitstamp/Transferwise is probably the cheapest in terms of conversion and fees, or you can get money into MtGox via AurumXChange and a bank transfer to Poland.
For the latter, check your bank's GBP/EUR exchange rate and fees for sending money abroad. With Natwest it worked out cheaper overall to convert to Euros since the sending fee was lower for EUR than GBP.
@_date: 2013-04-29 20:04:17
Mining continues, more blocks are generated, but they no longer include a "standard reward to the miner" transaction. Hopefully by then transaction fees are plentiful by virtue of simple volume of transactions.
@_date: 2013-05-29 19:14:27
I'm very confused by this whole exchange.
@_date: 2013-10-16 20:41:14
Important questions...
1. Where do you live? Exchanges have popped up to serve countries and continents and it'll likely be cheaper and easier to send money to one in the same place as you are.
2. What methods are you able/willing to use to send money? (International/domestic bank wire? Cash deposit into a particular bank? Or are you limited to the ones with chargebacks like credit cards and Paypal?)
3. Are you comfortable with the idea of buying from some random person (mediated by a website like localbitcoins.com), or do you want a company (i.e. one of the big exchanges) to interact with instead?
Assuming a generic sort of default where you're from the USA, I am not the best person to help you because of a little thing called the Atlantic Ocean separating us - I don't know the best way to buy from the states (I don't need to). But answering those 3 things will help get you better advice from everyone else.
Also a sidenote - bear in mind there is no 'one true price', every exchange and every market will have a different one from moment to moment. They tend to move in roughly the same directions but there are some wide differences between exchanges.
@_date: 2013-05-20 12:48:49
Are there any that pay in amounts that feel worth the time spent? I spent a while on a couple (that did pay out exactly as they promised to) but gave up on that when it became clear that I could sink decades into it and still not come away with more than a fraction of a coin.
@_date: 2013-07-01 23:10:14
Define "work". What are expecting to be able to do?
To be sure that your address can receive coins, send a small amount. To be sure that you can send coins from it... forward that small amount on elsewhere.
To be sort-of maybe a little bit but not quite entirely "sure" that the address is secure (private key not already known by someone else; which is only ever likely to be a problem if you set up a brainwallet with a guessable phrase or your computer is compromised), send a tempting amount then wait a week.
@_date: 2013-05-01 16:51:26
$160ish to $125 isn't that bad. We've seen $266 to $50 this month... that said, I am not still holding.
Question is where it bottoms out, every time I think it might have, it turns around and keeps on dropping. $120 is a pretty high wall for now, but I wouldn't bet against it being broken, and then the next real stopping point is $100
@_date: 2013-05-09 17:11:04
Lost me at the line about the anonymous creators deciding to make more bitcoins. Possible good points about VC uptake, but someone has clearly not quite done the research.
I mean, theoretically, it could be decided by consensus to continue paying out more new coins to miners than the currently planned halving amounts, but that'd be a fork and require everyone to shuffle across to a new protocol to make it happen.
@_date: 2013-05-07 13:01:32
Asking for ID seems prudent from his side - if you waltzed off with his BTC then reversed the charges through Paypal, that gives him a way to come after you with as much force of law as can be persuaded to take an interest.
For your side, you're mostly relying on his good reputation, but if he doesn't make good you do have the option of disputing it through Paypal or your bank.
@_date: 2013-04-23 10:36:48
You're certain it's done dropping? I'm not saying it definitely isn't, but this bounce-back could be temporary.
@_date: 2013-06-06 15:13:25
I think when you make that 2 BTC payment, the transaction would say "In: 0.5BTC each from addresses W, X, Y and Z. Out: 2BTC to address A". 
Or if it were a payment of only 1.9 BTC, it would be "Out: 1.9BTC to address A, 0.1BTC to address C"
Either way, if address A then want to re-spend your 2 coins, their transaction would just be "In: 2BTC from address B". They don't have to provide the full history of the coins, just enough to link it back to where it came from.
@_date: 2013-05-03 11:25:04
To put it into complete sentences, 
You are likely to receive a discount for buying using bitcoins from certain vendors, thus increasing the purchasing power of your bitcoins upwards from the 140 Euros figure.
It also carries the benefit of relative anonymity (not true anonymity, but enough to keep the specifics of your transactions off your credit card bill at least) so if you want to use bitcoin to buy access to a porn site, your wife and your bank need never know.
The general thrust of the argument seems to be that the coins are worth more than you're giving them credit for.
Edit: I should probably have been more clear, I'm not saying the above is necessarily *true*, just that it's the closest thing to coherence I can see in what is4k said. Assess it on its own merits.
@_date: 2013-05-29 21:12:02
Of course you can. But step 1 is to find someone willing to be paid that way in exchange for bitcoin. There may also be a premium over the going rate for it being an unusual thing, even moreso if there is even the slightest possibility of you issuing a chargeback.
Edit: Ok this may be a little facetious, but for all questions like this, you have to let go of the notion that there's anyone saying what forms of payment are allowed. If two people can find each other and agree terms, a trade can happen. End of.
@_date: 2013-08-25 15:45:57
For the sake of proper terms, a straight line on a log scale is *exponential* growth. And yes, the price of bitcoin has grown exponentially. To the point where in the run-up to $266 it even went double-exponential (appearing exponential even on a log scale).
cqm hasn't really said enough to tell whether he can recognise exponetial growth on a linear chart, but it's by no means impossible to do so. 
But that's part of my point - a log chart puts the emphasis on relative growth, like the exponential rise from $0.10 to $1, $1 to $10, $10 to $100 while reducing the apparent significance of a 2-4x drop. Same data, different representation, and unless you're very careful in your interpretation (moreso than most people on reddit, glancing at a chart), different conclusions.
@_date: 2013-12-19 12:18:15
You want to offer refunds, which is commendable and pretty basic customer service. You *can't* offer people the choice of being refunded in bitcoin or USD without essentially hanging a sign saying "free money, get it here" (unless you're willing to eat that loss, or selectively deny refunds if you suspect bad faith purchases - one buyer with a pattern of demanding refunds in whichever currency is more valuable, for example).
Only way forward is to pick whether you want to be a USD shop with bitcoin as an optional payment processor (in which case the prices and the refunds should probably be the same USD amount) or if you want to treat bitcoin as a fully equal currency option (in which case they should probably be the same BTC amount)
Either way, you need to pick one and stick to it, and anyone dissatisifed with your policy is unfortunately out of luck, there's no option to have it both ways.
@_date: 2013-11-19 02:14:21
Think about it, that just creates an incentive for every other holder of bitcoin to stop your heart so that their coins will rise in value slightly.
@_date: 2013-07-24 17:13:07
Could be a Unix timestamp set to zero.
@_date: 2013-06-17 14:52:06
Hah, figured someone might try that.
FWIW, "passwordpassword" isn't any of my passwords. That's just something I was curious about, and rates a hell-lot better than I expected - I suspect "repeat it twice" would be a common rule for password bruteforcers to try in combination with a dictionary, but the tool reckoned it'd take 345 thousand years to find.
@_date: 2013-07-01 20:12:49
One time I was looking to buy a car, and decided to check out the internet's opinion of a dealer I was considering going to. They'd changed name after being found to be breaking the law one way or another - selling off any parts from the used cars that were in good nick, and replacing them with shitty half-broken equivalents before re-selling the car.
One person writing about the place (under the old name) even said they'd been chased down the street by a guy with a piece of wood (or possibly a screwdriver, some makeshift weapon). I decided I might look elsewhere.
Anyway. On the one hand; quite true, a business can just change name and carry on apparently (no idea why these guys were still operating at all after all that), but also it only takes one person piecing it together for the wider world to find out.
@_date: 2013-07-03 10:12:51
The best strategy for roulette is to be the one employing whoever spins the wheel.
@_date: 2013-08-25 19:33:44


Why is it so hard to admit that *everything* is valuable only because people choose to value it? There's nothing written into the laws of physics to say that any particular commodity must be treated as valuable forever.
@_date: 2013-04-23 10:26:49
"Bitcoin is in a state of short-term rapid price growth,  suggesting that speculation has produced an over-inflated valuation, which seems likely to prove unsustainable and suffer an imminent correction" just doesn't have the same ring to it.
@_date: 2013-05-30 16:08:30
Those outside mailboxes are not a common sight in the UK. Mail generally goes through the door and out of reach of easy stealing. Digging through trash remains an option I suppose.
@_date: 2013-06-29 10:12:08
I don't think I see the appeal to owning the first edition of a blog post. 
Unless it gave you some sort of exclusivity rights that everyone else didn't get, you'd just be buying bragging rights... Which is a non zero market but not really going to shake the world.
@_date: 2013-11-17 17:54:35
Just pay very close attention to how you pay and know in advance how to get your money back if they don't deliver - it's generally easier to reverse a payment made in dollars than one in bitcoin, but still not trivial.
Be on high alert for *any* potential for the seller to disappear with your money without transferring the bitcoin. Be suspicious... be paranoid, even... they're offering something for a long way below market value and that's a big ol' waving red flag for a possible scam.
@_date: 2013-05-29 21:05:10
Not sure if a Banksy piece incorporating a bitcoin address/QR code would be totally out of the spirit of his thing, or entirely in line with it.
@_date: 2013-05-14 20:16:52
Standard answer is that the divisibility means there's plenty to go around. That said, since "lost coins" are indistinguishable from coins in long-term storage, there are questions to be asked about how that would *really* play out, if a sizable portion (if not a heavy majority) of the possible coins ended up 'inactive'.
Would we really be happy to pump up the value of the smaller number of remaining coins, knowing it might be creating some sort of super-whale, in the form of that one guy who adopted early and never lost or traded any of his coins?
@_date: 2013-05-06 22:06:53
You seem to know your shit, mind if I run an idea by you? 
If the problem to be solved is exceeding 0.01btc whilst not exceeding 10K in data, is there a 'magic' amount where you could gather up a bunch of dust, add a single-input of 0.01, and send 0.01+dust without a fee?
Assuming each input is 148 bytes of data (I don't know the details, just borrowing your number) you could get 69 inputs into a 'free' transaction, so 68 dust inputs plus a 0.01 to absorb them onto.
If I have it right so far, if you employ 2 addresses you could bounce your (0.01+dust) amount back to where it started and consolidate on another 68 bits of dust, and repeat until you've collected it up into a single amount of sensible size.
@_date: 2013-07-05 10:16:46
Sounds surprisingly legit. I was expecting an attempt to pick up the password from a cache/buffer/residual spot in memory from the last time you typed it. And, yknow, selling you the software to do so with no guarantee that it's still recoverable that way.
But permuting/bruteforcing around a best guess... I can see what they're going for there.
@_date: 2013-12-22 23:09:55
Once I got used to them, I found candles clearer to read. The way bitcoinity draws in the line as the primary thing to look at, with just a bit of shading to show the range (and they didn't even always have the shading) I find it harder to read off the extremes of recent movements and easier to end up only watching the last price.
Bitcoinity's depth chart is nice (especially the mouseover thing - i286 needs that), but it doesn't refresh often enough. 
@_date: 2013-05-18 08:46:15
Huh, not sure what I was thinking on the whole high vs low thing, you're quite right.
@_date: 2013-04-24 17:00:32
[Countries have been invaded for less](
@_date: 2013-04-15 08:49:00
You appear to have mistaken me for someone who is seriously stating what they believe to be true about the world.
@_date: 2013-07-07 23:10:52
Have to suspect that performance will be subject to too many minutiae of GPU/chipset design to adequately predict. You'd need to be digging into how the thing works at an extremely low level, to the point where you'd effectively just be running an experiment on a simulated copy instead of a real card. 
Better just to go with empirical data. It'll be more accurate and a lot easier to obtain (considering that the chip-makers don't necessarily publish enough information publicly to even do that sort of simulation)
@_date: 2013-08-25 15:05:59
That growth is significant, I don't mean to downplay just how crazy it is that the price has gone from fractions of a cent to hundreds of dollars in just a few years. But too often the people shouting about how you *must* look at a log chart are the ones who want to ignore the events of April and pretend *that* isn't significant.
@_date: 2013-12-07 02:56:33
The space of all keys is gargantuan. If you had the computing resources to make it practical, you'd likely make more money by mining the regular way, and then you wouldn't have to worry about anonymising stolen coins.
On the other hand, with people using common phrases, book titles, song lyrics, lines of poetry (and whatever) to generate brain wallets, *that* presents a more easily attacked space. Yes there's that one xkcd about passphrases being better than passwords, but here we're talking about the entropy of a fully-random full-length key versus the entropy of the average passphrase.
And of course any coins put into the brainwallet for "Correct Horse Battery Staple" will be gone in seconds - that's basically a "donate to some guy with a bot" address at this point.
@_date: 2013-07-19 16:11:12
No worries, misunderstandings happen.
If I had a dollar for every time it's taken a few goes for someone's point to make it through to me, I would probably have misunderstood the terms of the agreement.
@_date: 2013-04-20 13:36:23
If you're just trying to swing the vote from one large established party to a different large established party, in an already close election, you'd only need a few percent.
Granted, it doesn't matter either way for what seems to be the preferred vote-manipulation tactic in the US - provide an inadequate number of under-staffed polling places in neighbourhoods likely to vote for the other guy, and add voter ID requirements that disenfranchise the demographics you don't like.
That said, go elsewhere in the world and voter intimidation is a real and present problem, so we should perhaps not make it any easier. Likewise I'd rather not have a system that makes it possible to sell a vote to the highest bidder.
@_date: 2013-04-22 23:23:07
Safe to assume you're not going to trust one of us health-care-having Europeans to be trustworthy with that kind of money? Probably smart, shame though.
@_date: 2013-10-20 18:21:55


Burn the unbelievers!
@_date: 2013-06-26 16:06:05
Depends on your country, but most will have provisions to tax any gains to the total value of your assets (capital gains), or income in foreign currency, or even barter-based trade.
@_date: 2013-07-19 15:16:10
He was replying to a scam link in a comment, not your post.
@_date: 2013-06-20 09:25:39
Cool. Best of luck to you.
If you win, can I have some?
@_date: 2013-07-05 17:58:28


Really? The current price was an all-time high only 4 months ago.
@_date: 2013-07-19 13:44:20
Does this require an account at one of the banks listed?
Would be nice to have a way to get money out of Gox without paying the difference between the rates on different exchanges, but I'm in the UK, so the "make a cash deposit into the seller's bank" step could be tricky to have them arrange.
@_date: 2013-04-11 12:50:07
Unless you're comfortable with a high degree of risk and uncertainty... give it at least a week, maybe a month, to settle out.
@_date: 2013-06-08 22:56:51


Quantitative Easing.
@_date: 2013-04-24 08:46:33


Not all of 'em, I'm still here  :)
Bought at $236, sold at $154. Attempted to trade on ups and downs, failed at that. Now just holding what I have.
@_date: 2013-04-30 23:23:01
True, by definition it has to work that way. Guess I was aiming for one layer of explanation higher up - the source of something seemingly improbable like two people putting up large opposing bids at damn near the same time.
@_date: 2013-04-16 16:54:44
If literally every person in the world wanted to sell bitcoin all at once (those that hold bitcoin trying to sell them, those that don't not wanting to buy them), there would be no buyers to take them and the price would drop to zero - you'd have to give them away free to get rid of them.
In the less extreme case, when there's a lot of people wanting to sell, they fill all the orders of people wanting to buy, but to find more people to sell to they have to continually accept a lower and lower price.
Same deal when there's a trend of buying - sure, you can find a seller, but they'll be setting the price, and the more people are buying the faster the cheap coins will sell and the higher the price will have to go for people to keep buying.
@_date: 2013-07-05 21:38:07
I get that this is a throwaway comment that won't be seen by enough people to even hope to make an impact, but just to expound on exactly why it wouldn't work...
Imagine if you will, that you've formed a grand alliance among the bitcoin owners of the world, everyone from the Winklevii to Satoshi himself, every miner, ever investor, ever speculator, every saver, all the way down to the clueless guy who just got a 0.1mbtc tip and is asking what is this and how do I use it. You all agree to never sell a bitcoin for less than $100 a pop. Surely the price has to immediately leap up to a $100 minimum?
Well, if everyone abided by the agreement, then sure, $100 price floor, happy ever after. But everyone in your cartel will know that the price is suddenly going to go north... that once it hits $100, everyone will be free to sell again and that there will have to be people buying at $100 (doesn't seem to matter what the price is, someone's buying)
Not wanting their order to be lost amid the rush, someone decides, to hell with it, they're selling at $99.999, that's still a good price floor, and then they're first in line to cash out. Defection spreads, no-one wants to be left looking like the greatest fool. Pretty soon you're back to a normal functioning market because people are motivated by self-interest and can gain advantage by undercutting each other.
tl;dr: wouldn't work even if everyone agreed with you
@_date: 2013-05-17 13:21:35
What if your goal isn't simple profit, but political power?
Having the dollar as the world's 'reserve currency' affords the USA a lot of power and they'd probably prefer to spend millions or billions of dollars squashing a threat to that status than surrender it.
Quick summary: Oil is sold primarily/only in dollars, so everyone needs dollars to buy their oil. This creates massive demand for USD, which is what allows the US to borrow so much money because it keeps the interest rate low on the massive national debt. That enables the US to spend so much on their military, which they can use to enforce the idea that oil should only be sold in dollars.
That's before you even get onto the power that sits in the hands of a central bank being able to print money at will, or the power in the hands of the major commercial banks who are also in that loop.
@_date: 2013-05-10 22:24:52
If you were moving coins between addresses, it would require a transaction and potentially fees. For moving between wallets... surely you just import the private keys for the addresses your coins are on and let your new wallet figure it out, no?
Or is this some oddity to carbonwallet that I don't know about?
@_date: 2013-05-22 20:02:40
I think sending bitcoin to some random address owned by some unknown guy on the internet is potentially foolish. Even moreso when no-one has independent verification of which number was drawn.
Maybe you're a stand-up citizen, but mild paranoia has to be the default approach - it would be trivially easy for you to use a second account to post as 1 of the 10 entrants, then tell us that number came up and take the pot.
Edit: also, I'm not into that kind of thing, but I'm certain you can find a way to gamble with bitcoins that's not only publicly verifiable, but also where the 'house edge' is a lot smaller than 10%
@_date: 2013-05-10 14:31:35
What's pink and hairy?
Pink hair.
@_date: 2013-06-25 09:14:10
I'm quoting from memory, so check this before relying on it, I believe the conditions for a fee-less transaction to be viable are for it to have a value of at least 0.01, coins of a sufficient age (6 confirms, or maybe 1 day, not sure) and a total data size below 10k. Which works out to be limit of around 50-60 inputs.
Theoretically, I think you could accumulate dust into a usable amount if you had a whole 0.01 from somewhere, and repeatedly sent (0.01 + 50 dust bits) to another address and back. Although the standard client doesn't let you pick specific inputs to use, and I have yet to find one that makes that easy.
@_date: 2013-07-06 14:45:39
If that were the system then the real proof of work would be making that hash meet some conditions - nothing about that proves that you didn't compute the next prime number in advance.
@_date: 2013-07-05 18:07:47


This is really becoming a pet hate for me. They even link to the wiki that would explain it, but then fall straight back into the lazy misunderstanding of "Bitcoins are pieces of computer code".
Are journalists this bad at comprehension, or are they dumbing things down for the audience? I'm not even sure which would be better.
@_date: 2013-05-21 01:24:35
Designing a symbol that clearly and universally communicates "I will trade bitcoin" irrespective of language or culture is... borderline impossible. You could have it be a photograph of someone literally exchanging bitcoin for cash, and I don't think it'd be 100% recognisable, and every little bit of abbreviation, simplification, iconography and symbolism from there is going to be leaning on someone's unspoken assumptions about what "everyone" (read: people who think the same way they do) will understand.
Better plan would be to organise around an arbitrary symbol (maybe just a badge displaying the bitcoin logo) and invest our own cultural meaning in it. Have "wearing a bitcoin badge" mean willingness to trade, and spread that meaning around any way possible. 
Each newcomer only needs to have it explained once, and then you can rely on someone (hopefully someone they know and trust) explaining it to them in their native language.
@_date: 2013-06-07 16:55:03


Well, I guess it looked true yesterday.
@_date: 2013-05-14 18:25:31
You're looking at a currency in its infancy, the support structures don't exist... yet.
But it sounds like there's a wave of startups coming, secure storage would be a reasonably obvious target, even if it doesn't take the form of a traditional-style bank.
@_date: 2013-04-10 14:47:19
What makes a bank note any more than a token? Only the expectation that you'll be able to use it in trade. 
Iin the case of banknotes, that's a very a strong expectation because there's the force of a state behind its continued use, but even that's not always enough (see Zimbabwe)
@_date: 2013-04-27 12:15:07
You have to realise that you are but one among many "I'm new to this, please explain it to me" posts. 
People get frustrated seeing the same questions and giving the same answers too many times, especially when the information is on hand and conveniently linked to.
Besides that, you have to be prepared to do some work for yourself to gain an understanding of what you're potentially buying into; otherwise you'll just lose money. Also worthwhile: learning not to take it personally when people are blunt with you.
@_date: 2013-10-22 09:11:03
Well, the world is unlikely to be arranged so as to present the highest possible barrier to entry - every extra coin the person with the very most has, is one less that the rest of the 1% club can possibly have, and hence brings down the number required to be counted in the group.
The difference really, is between 0 and not-zero.
@_date: 2013-11-28 09:53:22
You'll be able to see that there's an unconfirmed transaction more or less immediately, yes - that that happens as soon as the transaction has been broadcast around the network. 
The first confirmation could take anything from hours to days depending on the details; I'm not sure precisely when it gives up and aborts the attempt. It's not technically rolling anything back if it does that - it never touched the blockchain, just briefly existed in the cache of published/pending transactions.
@_date: 2013-05-17 19:48:24
When lots of people have left an open order saying they want to sell at $125, the price won't rise above $125 until all of those coins have been bought.
They tend to sit on whole numbers, especially multiples of 5 and 10, even moreso multiples of 50 and 100, but that's just because people like whole numbers. Who wants to put in an order to sell at $137.49? No-one is who.
@_date: 2013-05-10 16:47:40
Nice, but would be improved if specifying the amount was optional - calculating the break-even point with a percentage based fee is independent of whether you trade 0.2btc or 20,000
Well, until you start having to factor in slippage, but since your tool doesn't...
@_date: 2013-12-21 01:45:00
Mining a block is a guessing game, trying to pick the right nonce (nonsense string) to make the hash of the block header come out to a sufficiently low number to be accepted. 
There's no way to guarantee that someone will guess a winning number within 10 minutes, or that they *won't* get lucky and guess one first time. It's all a game of probability and while the average is targeted at 10 minutes it can still vary a lot.
There's also a persistent effect from the rising total hashpower of the mining network - each time the difficulty changes, it aims for a 10 minute average, but the hashpower keeps on rising, so almost as soon as the difficulty changes it's out of date because there's more compute power employed mining than when the calculation was made. 
I'm not up to date on how *much* faster the network is chewing through blocks, but if memory serves the actual average is something like 7-8 minutes, which means we'll hit the reward halvings and eventually the cap on the total number of coins a little ahead of schedule.
@_date: 2013-04-20 10:38:22
So when someone wants you to vote a certain way, they come around after the election and ask for your receipt so they can look up your vote. 
Iif you can verifiably find out which way you voted any time after you leave the booth, you can be intimidated into revealing that information as a way to confirm whether you've complied with what the guy paying/threatening you wanted.
If you gave people multiple receipts, one of which points to their real vote, and every other to a fake vote for the other options, then you'd have plausible deniability - just give the bad guy the receipt for the vote he wanted, but you'd also have people getting confused about which receipt is which and thinking their vote was miscounted.
@_date: 2013-06-28 08:43:59
I thought the theory was that the Gox/USD price was being held up by people buying bitcoin to move them out to other exchanges.
Quite a drop last night (UK time, it was night for me), but Gox is still trading higher than the other exchanges.
@_date: 2013-04-25 11:24:57
There is no "Quantum physics" and "normal physics", the universe only runs on one kind of physics and as best we can tell, it's quantum. 
Thing is, quantum physics doesn't entail "weird" things happening at the macro scale; the universe has always been quantum, every normal event ever observed was produced by quantum physics
On the base level, the universe doesn't work the way we thought it did; it works in a very different way that happens to look roughly the same on a large enough scale. But one thing that doesn't survive the change is the idea of deterministically chaining events together like you described.
@_date: 2013-05-28 00:11:38
When one exchange has a price significantly different from the others, market theory would predict that arbitrage (simultaneously buying on one exchange and selling on another) would allow someone to make a quick buck, and close the gap in prices.
If that doesn't happen, and the price difference persists, it's likely because there's something about that exchange in particular that makes it a major pain in the ass to get money into/out of.
@_date: 2013-06-24 17:00:28
When you send a transaction outwards, it'll list all of its inputs (unspent payments you've received).
So for a simple single-output, it'd have "Input 1: nickel from address A, Input 2: nickel from address B" and so on, but a single output, "Output 1: dime to address X" (and maybe some leftovers to a change address if InA+InB is more than you want to send to X)
So assuming all of your addresses are attached to the same wallet, this'll happen automatically when you send money elsewhere. If you really want to gather everything up yourself then by all means send a transaction to another address you control, but it's not particularly necessary.
The tricky part is the transaction fees - if you start with hundreds of tiny inputs, you'll need to pay fees to get that transaction processed. 
The standard fees are based on the amount of data you're sending (the number of nickels you're trying to collect together) rather than the number of bitcoin involved, so with dust from faucets you could easily end up needing more in fees than the value of the transaction.
@_date: 2013-05-04 18:02:03


Wasn't that a user-submitted CNN "iReport"? (aka bullshit some guy wrote, for some reason published under a CNN banner without being clearly demarcated as unconfirmed)
@_date: 2013-07-23 22:13:30
Ok, so it hinges around "Find an efficient way to convert a 256 bit number into a solvable (and preferably unique) sudoku puzzle". 
Which I didn't claim to have the answer to  :)
That is most definitely where the idea falls down, and doing it without generating the answer in the process is an added challenge even beyond just doing it in the first place - I'm guessing most automated sudoku generation uses a list of rules that allow you to deduce a number, then works backwards from a full grid removing numbers.
@_date: 2013-05-02 08:32:35
When you buy low and sell high, the sum total of your balance across the exchanges increases, but in the process your balance will have shifted between them (more fiat on the exchange where you sold, more bitcoin on the exchange where you bought).
If the difference in price keeps changing 'direction', you can avoid moving cash between the exchanges, but if one is persistently lower price then you'll have a net flow of coins to one and fiat to the other that you'd have to balance out by moving your money, which is time-consuming (although you can pick your timing rather than having to do it at a crucial moment in the middle of the trade) and may carry fees that eat into the profit made.
@_date: 2013-05-16 09:25:29
The tax code has provisions for income in other currencies, even income through barter. Technically speaking, any income you have will have some tax attached, regardless of the currency used.
I'm not sure what you're supposed to do about the exchange rate. Maybe find a lawyer/accountant who knows about international trade and treat it like a foreign currency.
All that being said, it's a lot harder for anyone to track/audit/prove your income in bitcoin. Depends whether you view getting away with tax evasion as a personal victory or a moral failing.
@_date: 2013-06-18 14:22:01
If there was another electronic non-reversible payment system... wouldn't putting money into *that* suffer the same problems as putting money into bitcoin?
Unless the banks decided to make it a thing I guess. But then, that's what bank wires are for.
@_date: 2013-05-14 20:19:26
And here comes the snap-back... maybe. A massive sell-off like that leaves so few open asks behind, price can just float right back up. 
Which of course leaves few bids behind, ripe for another dump. It's going to be (edit: *even more*) volatile for a while, belt up and enjoy the show.
@_date: 2013-09-01 16:15:53
Didn't know that one... interesting.
@_date: 2013-04-20 10:43:55
I was watching the slowly declining high-points, converging towards the 'support' at $50 (only really tested it twice guys, it's not a brick wall) and expecting it to eventually break through 50 and keep on dropping once the psychological barrier was down.
But then it bounced up through $80 (where i expected it to level off), up through $100 (where I *really* expected it to level off) and is now oscillating around $120, which is back up to the point before that decline.
So, empirically speaking, point proved that it's unpredictable, and I entirely don't know what happens next - I would be equally unsurprised by any price between $50 and $150 right now.
@_date: 2013-05-15 16:54:29
AurumXChange + SEPA transfer, to get money into MtGox, is another option.
@_date: 2013-04-25 15:24:07
Radioactive decay is an easy example; you can accurately predict how long it'll take for X% of the atoms in of a lump of radioactive material to decay, but you can't predict when an individual atom will. If the decay of a single atom were in some way linked to larger consequences, then those consequences would be equally unpredictable.
@_date: 2013-05-29 01:59:13
Where is it writ that Silk Road will always be around? Or for that matter that its users will always be using bitcoin?
I'm not trying to say that it's *going* to go to zero... except possibly in the limiting case where humanity is extinct and hence no longer able to ascribe notions of value to anything, much less entries in a globally distributed ledger.
But in theory, it *could*. If, for whatever reason, it was abandoned as a currency. So long as there's someone buying and someone selling, there will be a non-zero price, but the lack of liquidity would be a real bitch if it came to that.
Edit: Note also, that you've stepped back a very long way, from "it won't go below 50" to "it'll never go to zero". Maybe it can't decline to actual zero, but it can fall arbitrarily close to it, and 50 is a very long way up from there. Just trying to encourage caution about "it couldn't possibly go below X"
@_date: 2013-05-10 20:13:27
The interface you're describing is a PCI express bus, which is built into a motherboard to co-ordinate delivery of data, commands, and power. 
I guess it's theoretically possible to manufacture all of that support structure outside of a "full" motherboard, but you'd be replicating almost every function of a motherboard just to make a ridiculously single-purpose piece of kit.
If it existed, it'd be for reasons of performance or power efficiency, which you might be able to gain through specialisation. It wouldn't be cheap.
@_date: 2013-06-24 17:03:21
They probably didn't buy on the wide open normal market - no-one's going to go onto Gox and submit a bid for a hundred thousand coins.
Presumably services exist for those with silly-money (in either USD or BTC terms) to find each other and arrange trades without telling the rest of the world about the trade price.
@_date: 2013-08-13 16:18:04
That is good news. I'll feel less concern about the small amount of cash I have in Gox knowing that withdrawals do make it out occasionally.
@_date: 2013-05-06 11:45:44
I watched as it dipped to $80, considered buying, thought "Eh, I reckon it's got some more dropping to do". Could have 'caught it', didn't.
Now I feel dumb. No regrets though, I honestly didn't expect $80 to be the bottom, and would have felt even more stupid buying in if it had gone on to dip to $30.
@_date: 2013-08-28 13:45:57
Sure, but this particular one fairly clearly isn't an attempt at laundering so much as a cock-up. What you'd need to watch out for to catch laundering would be some miner/pool consistently getting higher fees than everyone else.
So, like, figuring out a restaurant is consistently getting tips above industry-average, despite being near-enough identical to all the other restaurants (*and* that this was significant enough to not be a fluke)
@_date: 2013-07-07 19:02:02
That's not a UK thing, if that's your insinuation. We use commas. Maybe continental Europe?
@_date: 2013-05-21 00:40:54


How does that not get straightened out by people trying to buy at the bottom of the spike? Genuine question, I thought a predictable movement was more or less self-eradicating, but if they happen then there's something missing from my understanding and I'd like to fill the gap.
@_date: 2013-07-12 15:00:09




Sounds like the textbook definition of a pyramid scheme.
Assuming the website is even borderline honest, I can't see where the money intake comes from, but their own page titled "Where will the money come from" doesn't give any actual answer to the question, which feels like a red flag (being waved by a man who is yelling, and on fire)