@_author: nogoodusernamefree
@_date: 2018-01-15 07:05:54
N00b here. What about creating a passphrase literally like this:
    This is the beginning of the passphrase. 
    Add here the name of your first school:
    Add here the first name of your first girlfriend (all lower cap):
    The name of the casino you had your biggest loss in a day (all lower cap):
    Add here the name of your first pet (all lower cap):
    Name of the person you bought your first bitcoin from (all lower cap)?:
    This passphrase ends after this sentence.
Obviously, you'd add your answer after the semi-column.
The answers should obviously be elements that you're sure to remember for a long time. This is pretty risky I guess but from personal experience there seems to be quite a few names, numbers or miscellaneous things that I know I will remember for another few decades because I've been remembering them for decades already. 
You can select things that you know nobody else knows about (for instance because you were alone on a trip or whatever) but you're sure to remember and a few keywords will still be enough to trigger your answer. Obviously those are just examples but the advantage I see is that you could almost leave this on your desk and would be kind of safe.
Any thought?
@_date: 2018-01-15 07:18:29
OK, just realized this could be subject to brute force attack pretty easily I think. 
What about adding something like: 
    Multiply your credit card pin number and multiply it by the complete date of birth of your best friend:
Those examples are probably stupid but I hope you see my point.
@_date: 2018-01-15 21:05:18
You're not supposed to memorize the whole thing, only the answer to the "questions". You add these answers after the semi-colon: for instance
    Add here the first name of your first girlfriend (all lower cap):pamela
But the idea is that you can leave the whole file unprotected since the people who'd find it don't know how to fill the blanks. They don't know the answers to the questions. Makes sense?
Now the problem I see is that it could be subject to brute force attack or dictionary attack, so...
@_date: 2018-01-15 21:16:17
Also, no single person that you know is supposed to know all the answers to your question. Of course, somebody know the name of your first girlfriend but this person is not supposed to know the name of the casino where you had your biggest loss for instance.
@_date: 2018-01-06 05:06:52
It seems like MyCelium keeps trying to broadcast the transaction and that blocks the funds from being available for another send attempt. The best thing would be for it to be rejected by the network. At least that's my understanding. I have installed MyCelium and imported all the wallets on another cell phone which remains offline and I will uninstall MyCelium from my regular cellphone. I'll wait a couple days. Hopefully the transaction gets dropped.
Actually I could also just backup my wallet, uninstall MyCelium and reinstall it later but it's reassuring to have my funds "visible".
@_date: 2018-01-14 05:13:51
So I did what I said and it worked: I basically uninstalled MyCelium for three days (72 hours), then reinstalled it and recovered my wallet with the 12 words. This cancelled the transaction and I got my BTC "back". There might be an easier way but I couldn't find one that worked. 
@_date: 2018-01-21 21:57:43
BTW, is it possible to do that with smart contracts in general? Basically locking your funds away from you for a certain period of time? And I mean with absolutely no way to take them before set date?
Obviously, you would only do that for amounts you're absolutely sure you don't need so save the "that would be crazy, dangerous, etc".
Technically speaking.