@_author: noicare
@_date: 2014-09-09 20:27:59
I don't think this comment is good for bitcoin and promoting bitcoin is my overall goal. Thread locked.
@_date: 2014-02-19 21:11:33
The website for Mt.Gox describes the company as "Mt.Gox K.K." which I think means they are a "stock company" (Kabushiki-kaisha). I think that'd mean they have reporting requirements... but I'm not sure if they have to just report to their shareholders this information, or if they have to report to the government. Seems like there is some distinction in if it's publicly available, or just has to be available to shareholders. I don't speak or read Japanese, I assume it'd be easier if one could.
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:42:30
Is there a specific reason you're using 1 transaction = 1 BTC to get a $/day number? It seems like you should be able to divide the dollars moved per day divided by the number of transactions per day to get an average number of dollars moved per transaction... What am I missing here? Thanks!
@_date: 2014-10-29 18:11:34
Okay, I agree that the avg value of the transaction is clearly changing over time. But you said the graph was wrong, I still don't get why this is the case since you're seemingly arbitrarily pulling out 1 BTC / transaction. Admittedly, I don't know the methodology behind blockchain.info's number either.
My take is that it seems pretty clear that, just considering blockchain.info's two graphs of transaction volume and estimated USD per day that the average USD per transaction has been decreasing. I don't honestly know if that's good or bad. I wonder what the transaction volume would look like excluding transactions below a certain threshold of coins transferred...
@_date: 2014-02-19 17:37:55
In the US, privately held (meaning stock not publicly traded) companies don't have reporting requirements. In Japan, looks like they have different types of companies that can be set up:








From my look into it, looks like Godo-kaisha seem to be similar to US LLC's and they don't have reporting requirements. I also see it stated all over that Kabushiki-kaisha are the most common in Japan. So, I guess the focus should be on finding what type of corporation they are registered as then it would tell you if they have reporting requirements or not. Looks like if they are it will be reported on a website called EDINET.
EDIT: If you can read japanese (I can't), Tibanne, LTD who owns MtGox has their incorporation documents here:
That probably answers the question of what type of company they are, and then their reporting requirements. They have Ltd in their name, so I'm thinking it may be one of the LLC types... but I don't know for certain.