@_author: nokomis28
@_date: 2017-12-23 02:34:16
what's so cool is that we get to see the guts of a bubble. A lot of you guys obviously have no idea about anything to do with trading. The only certainty is that if you are certain, you are wrong. You may be right, but it's for all of the wrong reasons ... broken clock and all that. That is how you take one in the head.
If you look at bitcoin, it's a bad joke. How can all of these marketplaces show different prices. These should be arbitraged out. The same goes for the futures market, which is cash settled.
I see complaints continually that transactions are taking forever and are conducted at rates that make the worst brokers look like charitable saints. 
I tell my kids to think for themselves and not do things because everyone else thinks it's OK. So many of you have crowded into a cinema filled with petrol-soaked crepe paper because everyone there seemed to be getting free money. 
To make matters worse, slow and expensive transactions with limited throughput mean the exits are narrow and collapse whenever someone tries to use them. You, in a word, are fucked.
Some of you will walk away with cash, but lots and lots are going to die in this clusterfuck. If you can't easily spot who is going to take the pipe on this one, it's you.
Before you say this is sour grapes, I traded this thing up from 2k. I set enough winnings aside for a porsche and secured my retirement. I used stops on the Swedish etf. Sure, I got bumped out a bunch of times, but I took the lion's share of the gains.
Seriously, when you think about a position, first consider what happens if it falls 70%. Work from there. Know when to get out. Remember comic books, baseball cards and beanie babies.
@_date: 2017-12-22 08:34:21
I'd say you're spot on. You do know that this may never come back and this time next year, we're all looking back thinking how dumb we were. A lot of smart guys are saying $1500 is a fair price. 
If we get a retracement, it may be the old dead cat bounce before the real mayhem starts. I'd give it 50/50 at this point. Never trade these things without stops.
@_date: 2017-12-29 02:08:13
Early adopters always get killed, but they blaze the trail, with their broken bodies as signposts, for the more serious adopters who come after.
@_date: 2017-08-22 08:40:40
If you buy bitcoin directly, can you use things like stops and trailing stops? I've been buying the tracker and always put a trailing stop in place. I may get bumped out once in a while, but it saves the heartache of seeing a win turn into a loss. I'm running about 12% on the trailing stop now. that seems to filter out the noise and catch the big moves.
@_date: 2017-08-22 12:00:20
I'm a futures and options trader. I use Interactive Brokers. I picked up bitcoin on a lark. I can't trade coins, but the tracker does a pretty good job. I also have access to the regular suite of order types. 
@_date: 2017-08-15 06:21:56
What I find fascinating is getting to watch the minds of people who have never been through this before. I'm not saying it's going to burst, but this is textbook tulipmania. 
A lot of small investors are going to walk away with little but a painful lesson. Leaving money on the table is the sign of a prudent investor. 
@_date: 2019-10-04 10:51:58
bitcoin is the lotto ticket
@_date: 2019-12-30 02:31:41
Explain that to me.   
Sounds good as a slogan, but what are the 'evils' of fiat currency and exactly how does a cyber currency end them?
@_date: 2019-12-31 09:10:44
No offense intended, but can you describe the fractional reserve system and the creation of money? I see a lot of criticism of the monetary system by people who don't have a clear idea how it works. That I do not understand.
I suspect that it's mostly projection: they dislike the amount of economic power they have and blame the system for that. In some ways, it's a valid criticism, but they need a deep understanding of the system they are criticizing. I just don't see it.
Second, it seems to me that most bitcoin believers aren't very interested in bitcoin as a currency or store of value. To do that effectively, the price would need to stabilize over a long period. That would preclude the whole Lambo mentality.
If bitcoin were adopted widely, it's a little like the fat guy shovelling down Cheetos while he buffs the old AK. He thinks he's gonna be the new king when the zombie apocalypse rolls around when he'll gun down the undead and take the throne. In reality, he'll be the first to go. 
Same goes for the whole bitcoin dream … the winners now, will be the winners then. Those who lack economic power will not suddenly gain it if the regime changes.
@_date: 2019-12-17 06:54:05
You do realise that they're trolling you.
@_date: 2019-12-31 09:17:21
Also, just a tip: unless you have a deep understanding of the financial system and its historical context, the term 'fiat currency' is shorthand for 'I'm an idiot'. Best to avoid it.
@_date: 2017-09-15 07:09:27
ha, bought at 2000, set a stop loss and got out at 4100. i wish i could short this thing.
@_date: 2017-09-14 02:34:05
Dude, I don't think I have any particular insight into any of this. I do know a little about trading. I have some time in between my analysis of coffee futures and I'm always up for a good argument.
I watched my dad ride the dotcom thing up, then ride it back into the ground. He never fully recovered from that either financially or emotionally. Everyone could see the simple fact that the techs were going to change the world. It has. But that didn't stop the techs from crashing earthward in 2000.
I'm just advising to use a bit of finance trade craft to make sure you live to stay in the market. Grab a copy of Livermore's book and spend an afternoon reading it. 
Separate out the technology, your political beliefs and the fundamentals of the instrument. You can hold the first two, but take a more nuanced view on the latter. Good sense says to take a bit of money off of the table and diversify it. Make sure you take your girlfriend out for a really nice dinner or buy a Porsche with some of it, if that's where you are.
If it resumes its upward movement, ride it up. Just be sensible. Bears eat well, bulls eat well, but pigs get slaughtered. You may have inadvertently become the latter because you risk being blinded by your belief in the tech and your politics.
@_date: 2017-09-15 07:09:27
ha, bought at 2000, set a stop loss and got out at 4100. i wish i could short this thing.
@_date: 2017-09-28 03:45:04
No one seems to break this down past the point that they love new technology and the idea of getting rich.
@_date: 2018-02-06 05:19:22
fuck, did you guys really trade this thing without a stop loss? that's some craziness. walked out at 19k-plus with gains for a couple of new porsches. not touching this thing unless we see some real upward trends. 
I kept telling anyone who would listen to put the safety guards back on.
@_date: 2017-09-28 03:46:10
let's all stop for a moment and remember mt gox
@_date: 2017-09-16 04:18:14
i think you mean the most startling movement since the fleshlight. remember to lube up.
@_date: 2018-02-07 01:19:27
Depends what it is. When it's on a tulip bulb trajectory, being ready to bail is really the only way to play it. Bail and wait for the a trend to become evident. You may miss some points of gain, but you live to play (or drive) another day.
@_date: 2017-09-15 07:13:18
You've got it mate. I really like the story, though. It's the first time I ever really knew a bubble this sharp was in progress. I've been watching closely and learning. This thing is flipping textbook.
Now onto the next stage of the bubble: deflation.
@_date: 2017-09-14 14:01:12
I guess after reading dozens of articles and spending time thinking about it, i don't see how it makes the world better. I actually can't fathom it. It doesn't feed people, doesn't make the world more fair. It just introduces another medium in the hopes it will fly. An interesting endeavour, but hardly an improvement
@_date: 2017-09-15 00:59:15
Bitcoin doesn't have a natural level that I can see. Normally, currencies are valued using metrics such as purchasing power parity (PPP) or (real effective exchange rate). These things don't work for bitcoin. You can't look at fiscal (government taxation and spending) or monetary (interest and reserve rates) as part of price discovery. 
These are the mechanisms that have traditionally anchored currencies against one another. They form the threads of intricate structures developed over centuries. Bitcoin really only entered the popular imagination in the past few years (this year, really).
I would never park cash in a speculative vehicle with no track record. Parking implies that you really aren't interested in a return on your capital; you just want your money back at the end of the period. It's return *of* capital over return *on* capital. You can find many places to park capital, with rising risk (read vol) correlating to increased return. 
I may not get it, but for me, bitcoin is a speculative play ... it isn't really an investment since it doesn't pay interest or dividends. You buy it on the greater fool theory (whether you know it or not). You're betting that a greater fool than you is willing to buy it from you for more later (no pejorative intended, it's just the name of the mechanism).
I'm not saying that the price won't rise. I'm guessing that this thing will see more altitude changes that a peregrine on the hunt. That volatility creates opportunity for people who know what they're doing. The rest will find themselves making big wins, then giving them back (they'll never mention the losses, only the wins).
In my opinion, don't park cash in bitcoin. It's a pure gamble and they won't comp you drinks or give you tickets to a show. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:13:09
Hey, why not. It's a lottery-like play. On my side, I'd keep it small if I were going to hold it. 
I did a different thing, I bought a bitcoin tracker that trades on the Swedish exchange. I traded fairly small and set a stop so that if the tracker fell 12% from its high, I exited automatically. I got lucky and hit it at the right time. I rode it up and then exited. I made enough to buy a Lexus from that (that's bragging). I won't hold bitcoin and won't buy coins since it's too difficult to exit quickly.
In all seriousness, investing really is 'easy come-easy go'. These high vol vehicles take your capital as easily as they give it. You've got to be sharp to play these and not get greedy. Greed will kill you. Bitcoin may be the greatest thing since the fleshlight, but as a financial investment, not so much IMHO. It's a punt.
I'm very anxious about the US market. Valuations are insanely high and this never works out well. My positions are pretty much neutral on equities. I've got shorts to offset my longs. I think that Asia and the Emerging markets have a lot going for them, but if the US steps off a cliff, everything's going to follow (correlation rises sharply during big downturns in the big markets).
I'm mostly in alts and cash and some bonds these days. I hold real estate and really like REITs for the long run. DRIP your divs and add to them over time. If valuations come down sharply, I've got serious cash and margin on the sidelines. I know that I'll never catch the bottom.
I'd be very skeptical about buying big ETFs and letting them ride right now. It's a great strategy, just not right now. Cash and cash-like things seem good about now.
@_date: 2017-09-15 00:59:15
Bitcoin doesn't have a natural level that I can see. Normally, currencies are valued using metrics such as purchasing power parity (PPP) or (real effective exchange rate). These things don't work for bitcoin. You can't look at fiscal (government taxation and spending) or monetary (interest and reserve rates) as part of price discovery. 
These are the mechanisms that have traditionally anchored currencies against one another. They form the threads of intricate structures developed over centuries. Bitcoin really only entered the popular imagination in the past few years (this year, really).
I would never park cash in a speculative vehicle with no track record. Parking implies that you really aren't interested in a return on your capital; you just want your money back at the end of the period. It's return *of* capital over return *on* capital. You can find many places to park capital, with rising risk (read vol) correlating to increased return. 
I may not get it, but for me, bitcoin is a speculative play ... it isn't really an investment since it doesn't pay interest or dividends. You buy it on the greater fool theory (whether you know it or not). You're betting that a greater fool than you is willing to buy it from you for more later (no pejorative intended, it's just the name of the mechanism).
I'm not saying that the price won't rise. I'm guessing that this thing will see more altitude changes that a peregrine on the hunt. That volatility creates opportunity for people who know what they're doing. The rest will find themselves making big wins, then giving them back (they'll never mention the losses, only the wins).
In my opinion, don't park cash in bitcoin. It's a pure gamble and they won't comp you drinks or give you tickets to a show. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 06:12:32
No, I used the Swedish tracker and a trailing stop. 
Kept begging people to trade responsibly. Not many people seem to have listened.
@_date: 2017-09-14 01:01:34
You guys, wise up. The technology may be world-changing and all, but there's a long history of trading and everything says when you see this sort of explosive growth, you take some money off the table. Hold that money in cash or diversify it into something else (not more crypto). Maybe take off a quarter or a third. You can let the rest ride.
I'll tell you something for a fact: the moment you take out a ruler and start projecting a chart up into the stratosphere, it's time to start booking profit. In the end, the aim is to hold onto your trading gains, not build a theoretical ladder to the moon that you'll eventually fall off of.
The most important lesson in all of this is diversify. You need to live to play another day. You're never going to sell at the top or buy at the bottom. If you book a profit (yes, in USD), you should be smiling like the Cheshire cat. Leave a bit on the table for the next guy.
You may think that putting the whole pile on black and spinning the wheel is smart and edgy, but it's like putting your finger in the fan. The results are predictable.
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:13:09
Hey, why not. It's a lottery-like play. On my side, I'd keep it small if I were going to hold it. 
I did a different thing, I bought a bitcoin tracker that trades on the Swedish exchange. I traded fairly small and set a stop so that if the tracker fell 12% from its high, I exited automatically. I got lucky and hit it at the right time. I rode it up and then exited. I made enough to buy a Lexus from that (that's bragging). I won't hold bitcoin and won't buy coins since it's too difficult to exit quickly.
In all seriousness, investing really is 'easy come-easy go'. These high vol vehicles take your capital as easily as they give it. You've got to be sharp to play these and not get greedy. Greed will kill you. Bitcoin may be the greatest thing since the fleshlight, but as a financial investment, not so much IMHO. It's a punt.
I'm very anxious about the US market. Valuations are insanely high and this never works out well. My positions are pretty much neutral on equities. I've got shorts to offset my longs. I think that Asia and the Emerging markets have a lot going for them, but if the US steps off a cliff, everything's going to follow (correlation rises sharply during big downturns in the big markets).
I'm mostly in alts and cash and some bonds these days. I hold real estate and really like REITs for the long run. DRIP your divs and add to them over time. If valuations come down sharply, I've got serious cash and margin on the sidelines. I know that I'll never catch the bottom.
I'd be very skeptical about buying big ETFs and letting them ride right now. It's a great strategy, just not right now. Cash and cash-like things seem good about now.
@_date: 2018-02-02 03:05:34
the cool thing is you'll probably get a chance to buy at $750 again.
@_date: 2017-09-14 01:50:07
false on the face of it. 
@_date: 2017-09-14 04:51:21
I understand your point. I know the arguments about debt, spending and money supply. I don't obsess about it. What I do find amazing is that most economists don't really understand the money creation process. I don't understand either, but I know some of the arguments. The system is so astoundingly complex, it's hard to even criticize it.
Bitcoin is one possibility for a viable digital currency. Right now, it's more of a squirrely footnote. If I had to bet on it (which I would not), I'd say that it has a remarkable ride with vol all over the charts. Ten years from now, it's will probably be seen as the ancestor of some of the digital payment systems. Digital payments are coming for sure ... I have no insight into whether the bitcoin solution will be part of it. I can say for certain that I would not bet all my chips on it being THE one.
I will, however watch it and take positions as I see fit. I wish there was a way to short this thing on my platform.
@_date: 2017-09-14 02:55:25
most of my income comes from trading. I rode bitcoin up, using a tracker so I could set stops. I tried to take on smart risk and set a 12% trailing stop loss on my position. I bought in at 70 (tracker price) and got stopped out at about 168. I took the same size position at about 175 and got stopped out at 195. The tracker is priced at 148.5 now. I'll wait for signs that the uptrend has resumed.
I pulled in enough to buy a new lexus from those trades on a fairly small position. Overtrading is deadly and never regret the money you left on the table for the sake of sane risk control.
@_date: 2017-09-13 03:58:28
What I find so endearing about this whole bitcoin issue is that the true believers think that moves downward are part of a conspiracy against freedom and everything good. This is the sort of crazy talk that normally infects the gold bugs. We've seen it before.
First, if the technology proves as useful as some of you seem to think, you can guarantee that the big banks will co-opt it and put it to their own uses. They're on the same side as you; they don't see you as the threat you think you are. They see you as a useful tool, but a miniscule one that barely crosses their radar. They're keeping their eyes on thousands of things. This is one of them.
Entire buildings and billions of pounds are being directed at how to best use the technology.  The bitcoin developers, as phenomenal as they are, don't have these sort of resources and will be overwhelmed. For certain.
Second, railing against Dimon is a straw man argument. Dimon, who understands global financial markets on a scale that any of you cannot comprehend is spot on about the bubble thing.
This is the dot com bubble fiasco all over again but on a tiny and unthreatening scale. The tech may be cool and it may have some level of impact, but a $75b market cap doesn't make a hair's worth of difference in the $82tr bond market. It's the cap of a single large company. To put it another way, it's a tenth the size of apple's market cap.
Maybe it will grow beyond being a speck, but interest will probably splinter into other currencies at some point, the banks will grab the tech and be the ones to grow it. The gold buggery set will move onto something else.
Make money off of this if you can, but read up on bubbles to save yourself from going down with the ship.
@_date: 2018-02-06 05:23:24
Collect porsches. No interest in lambos.
@_date: 2017-09-14 13:07:58
Would you consider the current period of high vol part of the price discovery process? Do you see this as a period in which bitcoin makes ever closer approximations of value? Do you have any view on where that value may be?
One issue that may arise in the process of bitcoin becoming a network good is that the current enthusiasm for bitcoin may subside among the greater public once the currency pulls back substantially. Basically, holders who get burned once, may not come back. I can clearly see an argument to suggest that while the general public's interest in bitcoin may suffer through a period of aversion, more enthusiastic participants may continue holding the medium. I'm not sure if this is enough to generate the necessary momentum.
I think I understand some of the drivers for the cognoscenti, but the broader public may have more trouble accepting the currency. It seems odd, but the widespread availability of paper currency with its reassuring security features offers an anchor for acceptance. Obviously, the vast majority of transactions are made electronically, but having notes in your pocket makes it seem more real.
One question that dogs me through this entire discussion is whether the world needs another currency. The current crop works well with a robust payments system and a very mature price discovery mechanisms. We saw the difficulty of introducing the euro as a common currency, it seems that bitcoin would have a much rougher time.
@_date: 2017-09-29 02:08:27
yep, you know, but do the millions of people who might want to use bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-09-15 07:13:18
You've got it mate. I really like the story, though. It's the first time I ever really knew a bubble this sharp was in progress. I've been watching closely and learning. This thing is flipping textbook.
Now onto the next stage of the bubble: deflation.
@_date: 2017-09-15 01:13:02
really sorry, but that makes no more sense than the cartoon. The tech is amazing no doubt, but this is about economics, not tech. I think you'd be hard pressed to argue your point in the econ realm (I think this because you've resorted to ad naseum arguments against strawmen). 
This is sort of my point, I'd hazard that 98% of bitcoin adherents have no idea about bitcoin's place in the economic sphere. They know that bitcoin is good, the banks are bad, and some people made a lot of money off bitcoin (insiders like them - so there's a chance for them too).
I'm sure that there are some seriously clued in people out there, but for most guys, it's like they're arguing engine performance metrics for an F430 when the only thing they're certain about is that engines probably have pistons and some other bits.
This is not about the tech, this is about the economic system.
@_date: 2017-09-14 04:11:14
I am completely currency agnostic. I work in seven different currencies every day. I know currencies. When a currency gains 400%  or loses 20% of its value, it kind of falls outside of my definition of a currency. I mentally put it in the financial derivatives category based on the volatility. I'm not married to the position. It lives, it dies, life goes on.
@_date: 2017-09-14 13:11:28
Embarrassingly dumb analogy. If this is the sort of logic that underpins bitcoin, it's finished.
@_date: 2017-09-15 01:13:02
really sorry, but that makes no more sense than the cartoon. The tech is amazing no doubt, but this is about economics, not tech. I think you'd be hard pressed to argue your point in the econ realm (I think this because you've resorted to ad naseum arguments against strawmen). 
This is sort of my point, I'd hazard that 98% of bitcoin adherents have no idea about bitcoin's place in the economic sphere. They know that bitcoin is good, the banks are bad, and some people made a lot of money off bitcoin (insiders like them - so there's a chance for them too).
I'm sure that there are some seriously clued in people out there, but for most guys, it's like they're arguing engine performance metrics for an F430 when the only thing they're certain about is that engines probably have pistons and some other bits.
This is not about the tech, this is about the economic system.
@_date: 2017-09-14 03:51:22
I don't really think of it that way. I think everything has a value. If you're asking about utility, I'd say that cash has more utility for a bunch of reasons that we all understand. It's more stable, it's accepted everywhere and it is good as a store of value.
Bitcoin is interesting, but I don't think we'll entirely agree on the reasons. As a speculative play with huge volatility, it's really amazing. The technology is brilliant and it may underpin developments over the years or at least be seen as an ancestor.
On the political side, I think that it gets a bit deicer. As with gold, it attracts loads of people who like to use the phrase 'fiat currency'. We all know about issues with currency, CBs and governments, but most everyone sensible moves beyond it quickly. We know the arguments, they're just not very interesting.
As a speculative play, I think that this will be one for the history books. This is a pure bubble in the most technical sense. That isn't bad, it's just a feature. If you're smart, you can make a lot of money off of bubbles. The imperfect trick is knowing when to bail and not getting greedy.
That answer your question?
@_date: 2017-05-26 08:31:18
somewhere between greed and delusion. How do you short this thing?
@_date: 2017-05-26 08:14:54
My Dad did a similar thing with a dotcom stock. Kept telling him to take profit and diversify on the way up from 30k to 600k. He ended up riding it back down to zero. The psychology works that once it starts falling, you keep waiting for it to regain ground. Next stop: the basement. Be smart if that's a lot of money to you.
@_date: 2017-05-26 08:23:56
Reading the comments makes me understand what it looks like to see the suckers at the table. I've never seen it this clearly. Sure, you'll make a pile of dough in bitcoin, then you'll give it all back. Making it on the way up will give you the warm fuzzies, losing it all on the way down will rip your heart out. It's a lesson you'll remember for a very long time. 
Be smart, pull cash out on the way up and diversify it. Sure, you'll give up on potential profit, but you'll still be able to eat if it tanks. Making money is great, but managing your risk is essential.