@_author: nokoolaidisaidthnx
@_date: 2018-10-01 23:35:16
If someone's in need of housing, they can grab their nuts and go do what needs to be done to get it accomplished, enabling someone's laziness or inability to see that they are the only ones who are truly in charge of Their Own Destiny and it's nobody else's fault nor responsibility to do them a damn thing and I'm not saying there isn't a section of the homeless population that maybe Beyond helping themselves such as the elderly or people who have severe mental problems but even though in perfect world they would be taken care of .....but nobody else owes them s***.... And it may be harsh but the reality is life's a b****and we like to think that we are evolved past the survival of the fittest idea of existence but in reality if Society wants to foot the bill for these people so be it and leaving them out in the cold to die maybe a pretty harsh thing to do, but from everything I gather and what you wrote you're either someone who won't do what it takes because it's too hard or thinks that they can't because they've never been made to do for themselves and were handed something and then somehow f***** up that cash cow and now either believe it's someone else's responsibility or that they are unable to do it because theve never done it.... But it is possible.... Quit being such a lazy communist titty baby bum and get your motherfuking grind on, pull yourself up by your own damn boot straps and buy your own God damn RV manufacturing facility in 20 years.... You can do it you're the only one stopping yourself.... anybody who gives you a damn thing is only harming you n setting you backwards again
@_date: 2018-10-01 07:16:27
The only truly successful soldier/operative hides in plain sight, blending in so well they are perceived a valued member of thier opposition, they are in a room with 10 other people, that gets counted as 10 people total ......over and over again. They are not attempting to hide from anyone, they are instrumental in the search and destroy mission..... led by thier opposition looking indeed, for themselves. When they find themselves, they adapt and overcome, by any means necessary...to not just survive....but thrive in the calm, and master the chaos.
@_date: 2018-10-01 23:55:16
Wow, you are in deep denial it seems.....you don't have the energy nor a pot to piss in cuz you too damn lazy.....I don't need shit to support me, I support me and the environment around me.... life ain't scary, it's a beautiful gift...... And I'm not scared of my fellow man and I'm not scared to tell them what they need to hear whether they're ready to hear it or not. Get up off your lazy ass tomorrow.... And go conquer the world one step at a time you can do it I believe in you you're a human being for fucksake your life has value
@_date: 2018-10-02 01:43:58
I'm badassernell....n I earned it... the hard way ...
@_date: 2018-10-12 18:29:32
If anyone knows you better than you know yourself, much less a company....that's the beginning of a significant issue. You can always control your behavior if you so desire and have the discipline to do so, the idea you can't is further   relegating yourself to a convenient position of weakness against the perception of some all powerful institution that seeks to control you and prevent your inclusion within the status quo. In fact the very notion an institution of this nature may well exist gives you all the power you need to defeat it in it's mission by using it's biases against itself, as a profile and it's set parameters can be met intentionally. The only way you can be prevented from participating in a society is to be incarcerated by it and forced into a society that functions behind a gate, guard towers, and razor wire. The only person that might prevent you from acceptance by the status quo is yourself, and  the preemptive admission of defeat in the face of such a challenge is by definition a self fulfilling prophecy that sadly, is niether correct nor predestined to occur.
@_date: 2018-10-02 02:06:13
That's the wet dream of a spoiled idealistic youth who don't know shit about life
The only person who will ever screw you over is yourself
By believing your own lies or misinterpretations of  what lays before you
 Kinda Sounds good if you got no nuts n scared 
LISTEN TO ME PLEASE, YOUR VERY EXISTENCE DEPENDS ON IT
Life is hard,  if it seems easy, you ain't trying hard enough....you work your ass off and stand on your own two feet, like a fuckin man,  nobody can take that from you, and you stand up to whatever life throws at  you ....if you wanna easy ....lay down existence....you are weak....and will die alone and starving.......
Stop arguing with me
Your naivety is repugnant and disgustingly obvious
..... either listen or don't
You 
@_date: 2018-10-12 18:40:20
If I was a sociopath I would've used the obvious weakness and naivety displayed to achieve some selfish goal I'd set to benefit myself somehow instead of trying to help the person out by giving them a pep talk of truth about the world so hopefully they could pull themselves out of the gutter because for all I know no one had ever been human enough to tell them how shit really is. I could really give a damn less what happens or doesn't but it damn sure didn't benefit me one way or another to take my time out to try n level with them so take your damn incorrect labels you know nothing about n go talk shit to someone else. Thanks
@_date: 2018-10-02 19:25:55
Whatd you do today to get ya grind on homeboy? I don't wanna hear nothin bout nobody else or the damn environment.....don't be scared..... consider this the voice of all you ever needed to hear....I don't give two fucks to hear anything bout what I need......ok...square bidnes... you grinding? Or losing still?
@_date: 2018-10-20 08:56:01
No child ever born on this planet has ever been born truly free.....it's a reality I refuse myself to accept....but I do not ignore the fact that it's true...to live peacefully one must prepare for war....it's not comfortable or even pessimistic I believe to think so......it's the truth.....and most lambs for the slaughter do not want to be awoken to this cold truth....I thought for years I would wake everyone up to reality..... then as years went by.....I thought to myself....why do very few listen? .....it's not for lack of intelligence or education sometimes.....it's that the safety of the herd is comfortable, the truth is not.....I'm not saying don't try..... revolution is carried out by the few in the name of the many....just don't expect the masses to listen.......be satisfied with the few who do ...keep up the good fight....and yes....hope springs eternal.....but when one is running through the jungle with thier face painted black....they must have all weapons in thier best shape possible, cocked n loaded n thier machete sharpened .........that's reality my friend