@_author: nomad_delta
@_date: 2017-12-15 18:49:55
Or start using Segwit yourself right now, on the real Bitcoin chain.  Come on in, the water is nice.  We have cookies... and faster transactions with lower fees.
@_date: 2017-12-20 00:08:10
Lightning is more of a 'mesh'.  You generally wouldn't have channels open with most of any of the vendors you'd be transacting with.  Instead your wallet would automatically open a number of channels for you to various other Lightning Network nodes, each of which would have channels open with many *other* LN nodes, and so forth.  You don't need to be connected directly to the other LN user/vendor, there just needs to be a route between you and them on the Lightning Network, and your wallet software will find the fastest/cheapest route for you automatically.
Here's a cool [Map of Lightning Network Nodes on TestNet Right Now]( showing 303 nodes with 942 channels open.  That's just on testnet where people are actively working on developing and testing LN.
It's still in early testing so expect some bugs, but if you have an Android phone go check out [Eclair Lightning Network Wallet](  It runs on TestNet so no real money involved, but set yourself up a wallet there and get some TestNet coins from one of the various faucets.  Use the automatic channel opener thing to open an initial channel, and then you can make Lightning Network payments yourself on sites like:
* Starblocks 
* Yalls.org 
@_date: 2017-12-05 02:02:16
question is, how much interest did he pay letting that balance sit on his maxed-out credit cards?  You don't get any USD back from your Bitcoins until you sell them, so you're essentially making a wild bet that the BTC price will go up *dramatically* in the short term... otherwise the credit card interest will eat you alive.
@_date: 2017-12-04 06:22:59
I think technically there isn't ever actually a "last coin mined".  The block reward keeps halving every 210000 blocks.  Right now it's 12.5 BTC per block.  The reward will keep getting smaller and smaller as we go, but by the time we're down to 1 BTC per block the value may be so high that will be more than enough.  Many decades from now the reward will be fractions of a BTC, but still.  Also fees. :)
@_date: 2017-12-18 07:28:21
good hardware wallets like Trezor and Ledger generally come out with instructions / tools for claiming forked coins after they have proven to not be a complete sham and are trade able, and their team has had time to evaluate the process for safety.
@_date: 2017-12-05 22:50:52
Your hardware wallet is your only wallet; online wallets are not safe.  Remember that your hardware wallet is really just a (hopefully) safe place to store the "private keys" that prove to everyone else that you are the owner of your Bitcoins.  The wallet doesn't actually *contain* your coins -- your coins are encoded in the Bitcoin blockchain along with every other transaction since the beginning.  That blockchain is replicated &amp; distributed across the tens of thousands of full nodes around the world, and independently verified by each and every one to make sure that no one lies or cheats.
Your hardware wallet will generate and ask you to write down a 12 to 24 word mnemonic as a "backup" of your private key.  You should store that paper backup somewhere *very* safe.  Maybe a safe deposit box at another physical location, as it *is* your private key.  If your hardware wallet is lost or broken, you can use the paper backup to restore your private key to a new device.  But then again, so could anyone else, which is why it's very important to keep it secret and safe.
One handy feature of the Trezor is that you can add a 25th word that you *don't* write down as a "password".  You remember only that word, never write it down, so that if someone finds your paper backup they don't actually get your funds without knowing the password as well.  You can even keep a small amount of funds in the wallet *without* the password so they *think* they got your money, but not really.
@_date: 2017-12-15 07:21:34
they were and are working on it, but unfortunately they had to redirect their limited (mostly volunteer) resources to improving Bitcoin's resilience against attacks during this tumultuous time of contentious hard forks.  They were successful in that endeavor and now the Bitcoin decentralized network is stronger and safer.
Now that we've weathered that storm they can refocus on getting native Segwit into the core / reference wallet, but they'll do it in the same way they've always done: with great care and attention to ensure that they don't make a mistake or let a bug slip through that could derail this crazy train we're all on.  I would much rather they take a little extra time and get it *right* than rush it when $300 billion is at stake.
@_date: 2017-12-15 18:36:30
Segwit allows block sizes of 2-4mb on chain right now, but you have to actually use it.  It's pretty great.
@_date: 2017-12-02 06:48:43
Memes.  I meant memes.  I may have had a lot of gin earlier.  Sorry everyone, I ruined it, we're probably going back down to 9k again and it's all my fault.
@_date: 2017-12-03 06:23:04
Something they've already done? SegWit, but 90% of transactions are still using legacy wallets w/ legacy addresses so it's not helping most people yet.  If your address starts with a "1' you're probably not using SegWit yet -- should be either a "3" or a "bc1".  SegWit, among other good things, reduces the size your transactions take up in the 1MB block which means your transactions go faster with lower fees.  Switch so a wallet with SegWit support and move your funds to a Segwit address ASAP.  If everyone does it it will effectively be like raising the block size to from 1MB to 1.7MB, but right now we're only at [10% adoption](  Spread the word.
Next up the Bitcoin devs are hard at work on implementing Lightning Network.  Andreas Antonopoulos [explains it much better than I can](  It's very exciting though and they're already trying it out on TestNet.  They recently completed a test Atomic Swap directly from Bitcoin to Litecoin, for example.  The idea though is that anyone who is willing/able to "lock down" some of their BTC in a Lightning Node (that anyone can run, open source and all that and not crazy resource intensive like mining; more like running a full node) can help provide a secure, trustless microtransaction capability without flooding the primary Bitcoin chain with a permanent record of every coffee and candy bar purchase that ever happens since the beginning of time forever.  At the same time it will improve privacy vs the "pseudo-anonymous" thing BTC is right now.  SegWit was a necessary fix for Lightning Network to work securely due to an issue with [Malleability]( that SegWit corrects.  Note that BCash did *not* impement SegWit and is suspected to be a large reason for Jihan Wu / BitMain backing BCash.  Segwit also prevents a mining cheat/trick known as ASIC-Boost (patented by BitMain) from working effectively and BCash allows them to retain their advantage over other miners.
@_date: 2017-12-18 01:09:08
Think of a US dollar: $1.00 -- Does the fact that it's possible to spend a dime ($0.10) make a dollar any less valuable?  How about pennies ($0.01)?  Nope, because a dollar is still a dollar, and the ability to divide it up into smaller increments doesn't devalue the original unit.  
There are only around 16 million Bitcoins in existence right now, and then can only ever be around 21 million many decades into the future.  If you own 1 bitcoin, you will *always* own 1 bitcoin, no matter how people may "divide them" up for easier spending.  Make sense?
@_date: 2017-12-06 06:20:10
I think if you were really keen on finding out what they're up to most Bitcoin dev discussion (and Lightning Network) happens on IRC and is open to public viewing.  Just don't go there and start asking them questions and distracting them while they're busy working.
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:51:29
Admittedly if your nodes are running on the same network in the same physical location, there's not really any added benefit there.  Better to just run one because it's mostly the bandwidth you're providing to the network that matters.  If they're in separate internet connections though, good on you. :)
@_date: 2017-12-18 03:43:01
apparently Mycelium doesn't let you set custom fees, which is just stupid... I think your best bet would be to use your backup words (that you wrote down on paper) to "restore" your keys to a different wallet.  If you're on Android, maybe Samurai or Electrum?
Here's the trick though, once you've done that you'll still be on a 'legacy' wallet address, not Segwit, even though the wallet supports Segwit.  You'll then want to sweep all your funds into a *new* wallet with a new seed / backup phrase that *does* use Segwit.  (The new address should start with a '3' or a 'bc1')... you'll have to pay legacy fees for that still, but with a better wallet you should be able to set custom fees to pay less, especially if you're willing to wait some hours for it to get confirmed.
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:50:01
before what market opens up? you do realize Bitcoin trades 24/7 around the world, right?
@_date: 2017-12-06 08:49:40
You probably don't want to run a node if your'e on a cap, if you're just trying to help.  The bandwidth you can offer is the primary benefit to support the network.  If you want to or need to run a node because you need/want to verify the blockchain and transactions yourself (rather than trusting other nodes to do it for you as happens when you use a software/light wallet) you could run non-listening node that doesn't relay transactions to minimize the bandwidth... but that would be a net drain/burden on the network rather than helping.
@_date: 2017-12-05 02:59:45
Ok so what this tells me as that the Bitcoin network (that is, the tens of thousands of full nodes out there that relay and validate transactions - not miners) hasn't received your transaction *at all*.
Can you check in your transaction history in your Bitcoin wallet and verify that the send transaction is listed there and that the destination address it shows matches the one Coinbase gave you? Also your wallet sound let you look at detailed status for that transaction including whether it has successfully been relayed to the network or not.  I'm guessing it has not.
@_date: 2017-12-02 07:03:08
Yeah I've never quite understood how these physical minted bitcoins work... do they have kinda private key embedded inside that you can only access by melting it or something?
@_date: 2017-12-01 15:23:51
It's funny, it seems like the vast majority of the people who wait
wail and rant about high fees have no idea what Segwit is... Or they think it was added to "bitcoin" months ago and have no idea that they need to switch to a wallet/exchange that actually uses it, *and* they need to move their funds to a Segwit wallet address before it helps.  Even then it only when's sending*from* the Segwit wallet, doesn't change receiving from legacy addresses.  So yeah, gotta spread the word.  It will actually get a lot better for those of us that already have Segwit when everyone else does because it will allow so many more transactions per block.
@_date: 2017-12-05 01:59:42
I think if we ever get to the point where Bitcoin has "taken over" as the primary currency, by that time the price will stabilize.  Right now what you're seeing is a long slow trend of people moving out of their inflationary/fiat currency into the safer (over the long term) deflationary currency that is Bitcoin.  When we get to the point where the majority of people have already done this and we're starting to do things like collect our paychecks in Bitcoin, that will remove a lot of the upward pressure on the price.  Or, more accurately, the BTC-to-USD conversion price will no longer matter because you can just spend your BTC on things directly.
@_date: 2017-12-06 07:15:37
I don't approve of that sort of behavior either, it reflects badly on all of us.  Got links / proof?  Deceptive behavior should be called out for what it is no matter who is doing it or what cause they're supporting.  We're here for honest discussion.  Everyone likes to cheer for their "team" and that's fine -- who wouldn't want their investment to do well? -- but resorting to lies and misdirection brings all of us down.
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:44:16
Are you sure you're not Jihan Wu? Because all of this talk makes you sound like someone actively trying to discourage people from running nodes, which would leave all of the power and decisions in Bitcoin to who? Mining conglomerates and corporations?  What do you think makes Bitcoin "trustless"?  This guy wants you to put all your trust in the miners.  Don't worry, they'll take care of us and *they'll* choose the right path for bitcoin, right?  Just like a bank, yeah?
Remember: miners don't validate transactions - full nodes do.  Also remember that running a full node is *not* as resource intensive as mining.  It will take a while to download and process the initial blockchain sync (weeks even) but after that CPU usage is fairly light.  You will use a lot of bandwidth though so don't do it if you have a data cap.  No special mining hardware required.  Only by running a full node and validating your own transactions can you know for sure that you're really transacting in Bitcoin and that the node you're connecting to isn't lying to you or isn't participating in a malicious fork.  Running a full node lets *you* decide what Bitcoin "is".
The reason we need more people to run Satoshi 15.1 is to better support Segwit.  Everyone is complaining about high fees and delays and Segwit will help a LOT but only if everyone starts using it and enough nodes out there are upgraded to handle it properly.  So far only 10% if all Bitcoin transactions are using Segwit:   We can do better.
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:24:27
Sure, I use a Trezor myself.  I use GreenBits wallet on Android song with the Trezor which supports connecting to a specific node for SPV.  There are probably other wallets that do as well.  Check in the network settings usually.
@_date: 2017-12-07 03:12:52
Remember: there are only 16 million Bitcoins and there will only ever be 21 million many decades from now.  Every Bitcoin they "short sell" in hopes of quick profit is one we can buy for the long HODL.  Once a HODLr gets ahold of it, that's a Bitcoin they can never get back.  Unlike fiat or inflationary coins / uncapped altcoins, no one can simply print more Bitcoins.  The mining is locked at a fixed predictable rate that is far outstripped by demand even now.
Don't let them get your Bitcoins, friends. :)
@_date: 2017-12-02 06:52:30
Assuming they broke some *other* local law in the process such as... breaking &amp; entering, theft (of say, your hardware wallet or item containing your private keys), or they assaulted you and took it, or fraud, or whatever... you call your local police I guess?  If they were stolen because... you were negligent about your security and didn't pay attention to any of the very good advice people give around here? I guess you call... your mom? and have a good sniffle about it.
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:54:00
I can't vouch for any others personally, but I think I've heard Bitstamp has Segwit support, which is important.  I just looked at Gemini's accounts page though and they talk about users in the UK, so maybe it's possible to get an account with them from outside the USA?  Could be worth a shot anyway.  
@_date: 2017-12-16 17:32:50
It's more like 2mb effective blocks would be the average/normal with widespread Segwit adoption.  Some would be less than 2mb, others would be more.  You are correct in that 4mb blocks is just the theoretical maximum "best case scenario" and a full 4mb block would never quite happen in reality.
@_date: 2017-12-21 17:38:35
It's important to remember that BCH isn't handling anywhere *near* the amount of daily transaction traffic that Bitcoin is right now.  They can claim they're "faster and cheaper" all day long, but it doesn't mean anything when you're only processing 20-30k transactions per day.  Bitcoin was doing just fine when it was still handling only 20-30k transactions per day as well. 
 Today though we're dealing with 400k transactions per day regularly.  is correct; we could double the blocksize, but it wouldn't really help for long.  As soon as the fees dropped, daily transactions would increase to fill the void until fees were back up again.  The same would happen with BCH *right now* if they started getting the same amount of traffic.
The funny thing is, if people *really* wanted bigger blocks, they could all *get* bigger blocks right now by implementing Segwit.  Segwit **is a block size increase**, but you have to use a Segwit wallet to participate.  Segwit allows for block sizes **over 2mb**.  But as of now many exchanges (like Coinbase) have refused to support it.  Hardware and software wallets are finally starting to add support, but many still have not, and still the vast majority of users don't know what it is or that they should be moving their funds to Segwit wallet addresses to get the benefit.  We'll *all* benefit even more once the majority is using Segwit since we'll be able to process more transactions per day and the mempool will clear out faster.
@_date: 2017-12-04 20:39:44
Interesting to see that their API remained functional during the downtime.  Presumably that means big institutional traders were still still able to access the market during the big price swings and thus were able to profit off of it while us little fish were locked out.
Anyone know if there are any free (or inexpensive) trading tools available that work with Gemini's API?
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:31:46
I've been using Gemini for a while now and this is normal.  I think they're better regulated than Coinbase and they have stricter KYC (Know Your Customer) requirements.  If you prefer they also have an "instant verification" system for many banks through a 3rd party thing, although you have to enter your bank credentials into the 3rd party service.  I know lots of people that have done that &amp; had no issue.  You can also just make a very small wire transfer to prove your identity, and from then on you'll be automatically cleared for instant ACH transfers of up to $500 per day.  One really great thing about Gemini is that they allow you to spend your ACH transfer money **immediately** so you can buy BTC with it moments later rather than waiting sometimes weeks for it to clear like at Coinbase.
@_date: 2017-12-03 18:00:35
This is correct; Sentinel is a different app but also made by Samurai devs, I think.  Sentinel is intended to be a "Watch-Only" wallet.
@_date: 2017-12-06 06:34:41
Good plan, I'll sub to that.  :) We shouldn't have to worry about stuff like this but they're getting desperate over there since their prophesized "flippening" hasn't happened.
@_date: 2017-12-06 17:28:16
He's right though, the Korean markets seem to be in their own world with all cryptos trading at a higher rate, presumably because it's difficult to arbitrage since they don't do USD.
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:13:41
So they actually send outbound BTC transactions (withdrawals) from Segwit wallet addresses (starting with 3 or bc1) -- not legacy addresses (starting with 1)?  I'll check them out.
@_date: 2017-12-18 17:59:40
Gemini exchange is what I use; they're certified/licensed in the USA and have low fees, free withdraws, all that good stuff.
@_date: 2017-12-06 01:20:51
how much is your VPS charging you for approx 150GB of storage? That doesn't seem like that much data?
@_date: 2017-12-03 00:33:07
Why, do you suggest some opposite strategy? You think everyone investing in Bitcoin should try to time the market, to be a day trader?
@_date: 2017-12-08 08:16:34
Did you manage to snag that hot minute it was down to 14800? :P
@_date: 2017-12-17 00:12:12
Yep, I can personally confirm that Ally works great with Gemini as I use both of them myself &amp; never had any issue.  I can also highly recommend Ally Bank in general.  They've got a great interface and no crazy/hidden fees, good online support and very responsive.  Also for my Ally savings account it was 1% interest when I first signed up and they've been increasing the interest rate they give me (up to 1.25% now) on it regularly *without* me having to call them to ask for it.  Kinda refreshing, that.  Bitcoin returns are much higher these days of course, but for a regular old savings account 1.25% is pretty great. :)
@_date: 2017-12-04 23:20:38
I *just* said maybe three times in the post you replied to, [Gemini](  It's the exchange the Winklevoss twins created, and they are "the first U.S. exchange licensed for bitcoin and ether trading."  They have low fees (equivalent to GDAX I think) and free withdraws.  And like I said, they pre-credit ACH transfers up to $500 per day for instant spending when you need to get a trade in quick to react to market shenanigans.
@_date: 2017-12-05 06:05:34
Be careful of Bitcoin Diamond.  I've researched it a bit and as best I can tell it's a entirely a scam.  Their website actually had a form on it asking for your private keys to "claim" your split coins.
@_date: 2017-12-06 04:11:41
Or, don't sell immediately but *do* diversify.  Even if you're just a speculator or investing in the hopes of "getting rich" it's fine as long as you haven't put all your eggs in one basket.  Think of your 401k allocations -- you probably have some percentage of your money invested in "high risk/high reward" funds, right? But not all of it, that would be crazy.  Think of Bitcoin investment like that: high risk with potentially high reward.  You'd be crazy to put your life savings all in something like that... but you'd also not be crazy to put in just a little.
Or, if like me and many others here, you have spent months/years carefully researching the technology and network and infrastructure to properly understand it before investing and because of that knowledge you feel comfortable investing a somewhat higher percentage... go for it.  But still don't put your whole life savings in, and for heaven's sake don't *borrow* money to buy BTC, that's just stupid and reckless.
@_date: 2017-12-18 18:47:42
Ah, yeah that would do it.  This is a *huge* transaction (in kb size) sending from a long list of legacy (1xxx) addresses.  It's going to suck but hopefully it'll get confirmed eventually.  After this, though, I would strongly recommend switching to Segwit enabled wallet address.  I think both Trezor &amp; Ledger have Segwit support now, as do many software wallets like Electrum, Samurai, GreenBits, etc.
@_date: 2017-12-04 22:34:49
Note that the vast majority of the fees &amp; wait times you are seeing are due to handling the *local* currency you're trying to exchange for crypto.  If you're dealing with USD for example, that means you're having to wait for your bank to complete a wire transfer or similar and paying all of the normal bank fees involved with doing that, as well as waiting the for the several days of delays due to banks being slow.  Once you have your funds on an exchange, however, you can trade instantly.  You can trade BTC or Ethereum instantly.  If you want to move your funds of your exchange to your wallet (suggest hardware like Trezor or Ledger) you can do that in less than 30 minutes and many exchanges (like Gemini) offer free withdraws so they pay the transaction fees for you.  You can spend BTC from your wallet or send it to another exchange also in 30 minutes or less for only a dollar or two. (Make sure you're using a Segwit enabled wallet address to ensure you get the lowest transaction fees)
Gemini also lets you withdraw USD via wire transfer to your bank account and they pay the fees, but then you're subject to normal bankers hours and delays.
Also note that many exchanges are legally required by local government to require identity verification.  If you want to avoid that you can always try LocalBitcoin or see if there's a working Bitcoin ATM in your city.
TLDR: most fees and delays are due to banks and fiat currency, *not* Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-18 21:09:35
We already have access to over 2mb blocks via Segwit transactions, but it's taking everyone (exchanges, software, services, users who don't know what's going on, etc) a long time to learn about Segwit, updating their software, and move their funds to Segwit wallet addresses.  You can do your part (and get access to lower transaction fees) by switching a Segwit wallet address today.  (Your send address should start with a 3 or a bc1, not a '1' -- if it's a '1' you're still using legacy)
@_date: 2017-12-05 06:19:59
Probably because you filled out the form telling them to expect the transaction from you which is why it says "pending".  It sounds like your wallet never actually sent it, which is why they're still waiting.
Does your wallet still show your original balance, it's not missing the funds?
I'd suggest maybe cancelling that transaction and getting a new deposit address from Coinbase and trying it again.  Make sure your wallet actually signs and relays the transaction this time. :)
@_date: 2017-12-12 06:04:35
Agreed. Maybe they could use Segwit too while they're at it.
@_date: 2017-12-18 06:40:07
nope, the sender always pays the tx fee.  Make sure you're using a Segwit wallet to make sure you're not overpaying on fees (Segwit addresses start with a 3 or a bc1, if yours starts with '1' that's a legacy wallet and you'll end up paying higher fees and longer transaction times).  also make sure your wallet lets you set custom fees, because most wallets don't account for the Segwit 'discount' and will happily suggest that you pay much higher fees than you need to.
@_date: 2017-12-18 00:41:33
Coinbase is blatantly ripping people off with those fees.  That isn't "Bitcoin" that's charging you that, that's just Coinbase taking money from new people who don't know any better.  Like we said, it's free to move from BTC out of Coinbase to GDAX... and then it's free to move from GDAX to your wallet.  Or use Gemini as an exchange, they also have free withdraws to Bitcoin wallets.
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:52:23
I'm not OP but the one I'm running took around 3 days to fully sync and begin validating/relaying transactions.  I'm on a 1000 Mbps (synchronous) fiber line, though I'm pretty sure it was CPU bottlenecked more than anything.  It's not just syncing the 155+ GB blockchain, your CPU is also chewing through the entire thing from the beginning and verifying each and every block and transaction to ensure they're cryptographically valid and there's nothing breaking Bitcoin consensus rules along the way.  Your CPU will be pegged at near 100% for the entire process, after which it will drop down to fairly quiet as it begins just processing new blocks/transactions as they arrive during the day.
@_date: 2017-12-02 07:08:17
Yeah, my long term dream is to eventually get paid for work in bitcoins, and buy houses and cars and shop at the grocery store in bitcoins... it will likely be a long time before that happens, but I really think that as Bitcoin slowly becomes more mainstream and accepted it will help stabilize the price.  If you're getting paid in Bitcoins and you can buy everything you want (all around the world without changing currencies!) in bitcoins... suddenly it doesnt **matter** what the fiat-to-BTC exchange rate it... because why would anyone want to trade their secure, reliable, deflationary universal currency for some fiat inflationary monopoly money?
@_date: 2017-12-06 17:59:19
Oh man now I kinda *want* some FUD. :D
@_date: 2017-12-18 04:27:29
Here's a really important thing to understand about Bitcoin transaction fees: they have *nothing* to do with how much value in Bitcoin you are sending.  Every time a miner finds a new 'block' they get to include as many transaction confirmations as they can fit inside the 1 megabyte block size, and collect the tx fees offered with them.  A transaction moving 50000 BTC doesn't take up any more space in the block than a transaction moving 0.0001 BTC.  So the only thing that matters is how 'complicated' your transaction is and how much space (in bytes) it takes up.
This is why Segwit wallets can send faster/cheaper than legacy: Segwit transactions take up significantly less block space, so even if you offer the exact same fees as a legacy transaction of the same complexity level (number of inputs &amp; outputs) ... your transaction will get processed much sooner because miners will prefer it, since it will allow them to squeeze more transactions into their block and thus collect more fees.
It's hard to say exactly how much your legacy transaction might cost as I don't know how many bytes of space it will be, but you might try say, 150 Satoshis per Byte.  For a transaction of around 250 bytes that would come out to around $7 I think?  You might be able to get away with less if you're willing to wait a while for confirmation.  Also most modern wallets support RBF (Replace-by-Fee) so if your transaction isn't getting confirmed quick enough you can submit an RBF request to "bump" the fee up a bit without losing anything.
@_date: 2017-12-06 06:17:48
It's true they're not all on Reddit posting all day, presumably because the devs are busy coding as fast as they can.  Contrary to popular belief only a small % of the core dev team works for Blockstream, most are volunteers and don't get paid for it.  Bitcoin being an open source community project doesn't exactly have a PR team.  Plus I imagine most of them wouldn't feel comfortable making public statements on behalf of the whole group of hundreds that contribute.
@_date: 2017-12-17 00:58:29
You can spend bitcoin directly and still not lose out on future 'returns' as long as you keep topping up your BTC balance with additional fiat currency.  So always buy back at least as much BTC as you spend (and maybe a little more if you can manage) and you'll be golden.
One fine day many years from now it will hopefully become common for employees to be paid directly in BTC if they like, and at some point goods and services will be listed for their cost in BTC rather than fiat, and suddenly that exchange rate won't matter at all anymore.
So yeah, it can feel a little strange right now since we're still in the "early adoption" phase.  We've got a *lot* more growth potential from here, so strap in for the ride, but know that it's not the end-game.  The end-game is for BTC to become normal currency for businesses and people alike so that no one will care about the plummeting value of the US dollar or any other fiat.
@_date: 2017-12-05 00:39:30
This is a an ACH Transfer from your bank I take it? Or are you trying to deposit/withdraw BTC?
@_date: 2017-12-06 02:02:17
My argument is that if *your* argument is that BCH confirming zero-fee transactions when it's only handling 21k transactions per day somehow means it is superior to BTC when *it* was confirming plenty of zero-fee transactions as well way back when *it* was handling only 21k transactions per day, your argument doesn't make any sense.  Any blockchain can process zero fee transactions **if most of its daily blocks are empty**.  If BCH were handling 400k+ transactions right now today like BTC is and you were *still* getting zero-fee transactions confirmed every day, now that would be something.  The same is true for most of the other alt-coins with low fees: it does not scale.  If they became as popular and widely used as BTC, they would break as well.
@_date: 2017-12-18 22:07:34
Because you only need to do it once, and as long as you're not in a huge hurry trying to get into the very next 10 minute block, you don't *need* to pay a huge fee.  And then, if for whatever reason you need to move your funds in a hurry *later*, it'll be faster &amp; cheaper from then on.
@_date: 2017-12-16 03:00:52
ah! this is an important thing to understand with *any* "light-weight" software wallet, actually, not just GreenBits.  A "light" wallet doesn't have a full copy of the Bitcoin blockchain (currently 150GB plus) stored locally and validated... so they have to rely on other "Full Nodes" out there on the internet to query the blockchain and check your wallet balance... it's not necessarily connecting to *GreenBits* servers, all "light" software wallets will randomly connect to a number of Bitcoin Full Nodes on the internet.  For most people that might be fine, but if you have a specific Full Node that you trust 100% you can configure GreenBits (and other software wallets) to connect to only that Full Node for relaying and validating transactions, checking balances, etc.
This is what I do, actually -- I run a Bitcoin Full Node myself with a full independently validated copy of the blockchain so I don't have to trust anyone else to do it for me... and I point my phone/software wallet to relay/validate through that.
Even without all that though, you're basically trusting that a randomly selected group of Full Nodes your light wallet connects to aren't all going to simultaneously lie to you in the exact same way.  They're not GreenBits though, unless you set up an account with them.
@_date: 2017-12-06 05:07:03
I don't think there is one at this point, everyone had been content to discuss it here in before.  Other than that I think the real lightning network discussion is happening on IRC where the dev community hangs out, seeing as LN is still in development and testing phase.
@_date: 2017-12-02 06:43:41
It's true, we just weren't prepared.  I mean, who even remotely suspected that we'd breach the forever impenetrable "over 9000" barrier... And then just steamroll right through 10k  *and* 11k like they were nothing within a matter of days?!
@_date: 2017-12-05 07:35:11
If everything is on the up &amp; up, tether is just a way to allow easier movement of USD across exchanges by having tokens that are backed by USD in a 1:1 ratio.  So tether has no effect on BTC price, at least any more than real USD does.  They're not "printing money".  I've seen lots of speculation claiming that they're issuing tether not backed by anything at all... But I've seen zero evidence to support that claim.
@_date: 2017-12-02 08:15:37
If it starts to falter I've got us covered with a secret weapon: 
@_date: 2017-12-04 19:53:21
Not only the other miners test the solution / validate the "winning" block, but also (and more importantly) every Full Node on the network does.  If you're running a wallet (like Bitcoin Core, for example) that downloads its own copy of the blockchain then you're *also* validating every block by hashing it yourself.  That's what makes Bitcoin "trustless" since no one has to just accept the word of a 3rd party / central authority that everyone else is following the rules.
@_date: 2017-12-05 20:14:06
Also, thanks for the conversation by the way.  This is more like the kind of real thoughtful discussion I hope to find here more often. :)
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:08:47
only if you *sold* the BTC that you bought back in July for USD or other fiat to get the $100.  Technically if you're still sitting on the Bitcoin you haven't "realized" any gains until you convert it back to fiat currency.
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:53:36
Heh, can't fault your reasoning.  If there *is* a huge crash due to some Tether shenanigans at least you'll be in a good position to buy back in at discount prices.  I seriously don't think it will have that big of an impact, though: anyone that bought Tethers with USD and then subsequently used those to purchase BTC aren't going to lose their Bitcoins if/when Tether turns out to be fraudulent.  The only ones left holding the bag if Tethers turn out not to be backed by anything are people still holding USDT when it happens, and Tether the company itself.  I also think it's perfectly reasonable that Tether would have USD on hand in 1:1 ratio for every Tether they issue; think about it: if they're selling USDT for the price of $1 each, then by definition they are receiving $1 for every Tether in existence.  The only way they would have less is if they were just turning around and spending them all as soon as they get them.  Even then, what's the current market cap of all Tethers right now? $817 million per CoinMarketCap.  That's a tiny drop in the bucket compared to the $200 *billion* market cap of BTC alone.
@_date: 2017-12-18 03:28:37
Last time I checked that other coin that tries to pretend to be BTC was handling around 20k transactions per day, while Bitcoin is processing over 400k transactions per day.  They can think they've "solved scaling forever" by copying the Bitcoin source code and increasing a few numbers while patting themselves on the back for their 'ingenuity'...  but let's see how they do when they start dealing with the same kind of volume BTC does every day.  If they ever get there, that is.
@_date: 2017-12-16 03:31:17
ah! admittedly I haven't tried using GreenBits without my Trezor, so maybe it does things differently...
If you're only using it as a "cash" wallet, you might check out Samurai Wallet -- that's what I'd use if I wasn't doing the Trezor thing, I think.  It's still technically in "testing" but it seems really solid and I've heard nothing but good things about it from everyone else:  
@_date: 2017-12-05 00:36:50
Neither; you should never keep significant amounts of funds in *any* exchange (although as others have mentioned, Coinbase and GDAX are the same company).  Go look up the story of Mt. Gox if you want an example of why it's a bad idea.  If you leave your coins on an exchange, you don't really own any bitcoins because you do not hold the private keys -- the exchange does.  You just have an "IOU" where they promise to deliver your coins to you when you ask.  But if anything happens to them (hack, theft, or they just decide to skip town with your money) you never really had them to begin with.
Instead you should get a hardware wallet like [Trezor]( or [Ledger](  Set it up properly and be sure to store a paper backup at another location like a safe deposit box.  You should only keep funds on an exchange that you are actively day-trading with.  Everything else should be in cold storage / hardware wallet.
@_date: 2017-12-18 07:47:26
Trezor and Ledger (hardware wallets) are best if you're dealing with more $ than you'd normally carry around in your wallet in a sketchy part of town.  If you're dealing with small amounts and you're on Android you might check out Electrum or Samurai.  I use a Trezor myself.  Remember: if the device holding your private keys / software wallet gets malware on it, they can log your keystrokes and get your passwords and keys.  This is why hardware wallets are *much* safer, your keys never leave the device.
@_date: 2017-12-06 01:46:36
*"At least try to use facts to support yourself"* -- I'm pretty sure that's what I *just did* in my last post.  Here's some more facts for you though: let's pick a random block of BTC at the (June 2012) when it was handling the same 21k transactions BCH is now.  [Block # 185650]( ... I said the *average* fee for the day was around $0.033.  Look how many **zero fee** transactions got confirmed in that block alone.  I count *98* transactions confirmed with $0.00 fees in that block.
@_date: 2017-12-05 20:53:48
Gemini "supports" Segwit in the sense that they have no issues sending/receiving from it, but from what I can tell they haven't started using it internally yet -- all their hot-wallet addresses are still using Legacy (starts with 1) addresses.  So they're busy flooding the network with inefficient legacy transactions that clog the mempool and cause higher fees for everyone.  I'm considering moving my trades to Bitstamp or another exchange that's fully onboard with Segwit until they get their act together.
@_date: 2017-12-06 01:00:33
Bitcoin is currently handling **400k** unique transactions per day while BCash is handling... **21k**.  Let's see, when was the last time Bitcoin only processed 21k transactions per day?  It was way back in *June 2012* when Bitcoin was trading for $6.48... and what was the average fee *then*?  0.0052 BTC, or about $0.033.  
The only reason BCH is "cheap" to transact right now is because *as you said*, the blocks are empty -- because hardly anyone is using it.  If BCHtraffic were to increase nearly **20x** to reach the point BTC is at today, you think you'd still be paying $0.33 fees? By your own metric BCH fees are already **10x** more expensive at the same transactions per day as BTC back in 2012.
@_date: 2017-12-02 01:44:39
Correct. If you just want to hold coins and aren't going to be spending them on outgoing transactions regularly you could also happily use bitcoin core gui wallet as is today.  Legacy addresses still work fine, they just require higher fees / take longer to send from than Segwit.
@_date: 2017-12-02 07:37:55
So you like... etch off the hologram to reveal the private key?
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:42:34
OP, what wallet are you using that doesn't let you set custom fees?  Why don't you switch to a better wallet that uses Segwit (which lets your transaction make use of the 2mb+ block size increase BTC already implemented) and allows you to set custom fees?
@_date: 2017-12-03 07:59:34
High fives, friends! &lt;3 Same here, I fired mine up a couple weeks ago and it's going strong.  Currently serving 54 connections at once with 1000mbps/1000mbps connectivity.  [Bitnodes Full Node Leaderboard]( says I'm around  out of 14000-ish in awesomeness so far.  I think my inbound Tor listener might not be working right so hopefully it'll go up further once I fix it.  (edit: typos)
@_date: 2017-12-05 04:27:09
Same here friend.  I'll put my order in for $3001 just to make sure I get in ahead of you. :)
@_date: 2017-12-03 17:58:16
Why are people down-voting this guy? He asked a legitimate question.  gave him a good answer.  We're here for tech discussion, the downvote button is not an "I don't agree" button.
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:19:57
Sort of; the difficulty algorithm adjusts every 2100 blocks or so with the goal of finding 1 block every 10 minutes.  So yes, the miners finding blocks is the "bottleneck", but even if total worldwide hashing power changes (up or down) to temporarily increase speed, the difficulty algorithm will adjust about every 2 weeks to bring it back to averaging one block every 10 minutes.  This is also important because with each block comes a "reward" of 12 bitcoins.  The DAA ensures a fairly slow and steady supply of new bitcoins at a predictable rate.  The reward per block is cut in half every 210000 blocks until the last bitcoin is mined at the 21 million coin cap, but that will be many decades from now.
The best way to help reduce fees right now is to use Segwit wallets/exchanges/addresses for all your transactions, and to encourage others to do so as well.  SegWit was enabled some months ago but isn't *enforced*, so you have to opt in.  It works by separating some of the 'witness' data from the main blockchain so it doesn't count against the 1MB block limit.  So if you use Segwit your transaction will take up *less* block space (in bytes) than an identical transaction using a legacy address.  Thus you can pay exactly the same fee but miners will prefer to send *your* transaction first because they can cram more transactions into the same 1MB block and thus get more total fees overall.
If *everyone* switched to using Segwit right now it would be effectively like raising the 1MB block size to 1.7MB.  That would mean faster transactions and lower fees for *everyone* (including people already using Segwit today) because it would reduce the backlog and allow the mempool to clear out more quickly.
Sadly as of today we're still at only around 10% of daily transactions using Segwit, so there's a long way to go:  
@_date: 2017-12-05 00:49:19
This is pretty blatant.  It'd be shady enough if they were using a mis-spelling of Bitcoin to redirect people to their BCash subreddit, but they didn't even say I feel like this is worthy of reporting to the admins since it's blatant misdirection.  I wonder how many other "typo domain squatting" subreddits these guys have registered?
@_date: 2017-12-04 22:39:12
Trying to time the market is an exercise in futility.  One person in ten might get lucky and manage to "buy the dip" but the vast majority that wait for a major price drop only find that it increases and they end up buying higher instead.  Frequently the bottom of "the dip" everyone was waiting for ends up being still higher than when they started waiting to begin with.
So my advice is to buy now but promise yourself not to sell no matter what happens to the price after, at least for some pre-specified amount of time.  Bitcoin is a very good long-term investment but it can be very volatile in the short term.  Dollar-cost-averaging can also be a good way, just continuously buy in smaller increments over time (say, once every two weeks or once a month) at whatever the price happens to be that day.  This will ensure that you get an "average" price over time.  You'll end up better off than people who think they can time the market in the longer run, because 99% of people who think they can.... *can't*.
@_date: 2017-12-06 05:49:08
Because I didn't particularly want to draw the attention of the down vote brigade squad before enough people here got the message.  Also I *don't* know that most BCH supporters aren't against LN.  That certainly doesn't seem to be the impression I get from the posts in or from post history, or from the types of posts on his sub.  If he wants to come here and tell us that this was all a mistake and he actually supports LN and is interested in serious discussion about it, that would be great... But I doubt it.
Also, you do realize LN will be entirely optional for Bitcoin right? We do have a choice.  And like Bitcoin, LN is an open source project that anyone can participate in, including running Lightning Nodes.  (Common fud is that it's Blockstream's pet project to profit themselves, but it will be open to anyone)
Also, you realize that BCH users will *not* have a choice because BCH chose ASIC-boost over Segwit, thus BCH cannot participate in LN.
@_date: 2017-12-01 10:07:46
It's true, they're already trying it out in TestNet.  Read about then completing the first ever LN atomic swap from Bitcoin to LiteCoin recently.  In the meantime though we should all be pushing hard to get to 100% Segwit adoption which will help a lot in the short term.  Right now only 10% or so if transactions are using Segwit.  Everyone should switch to wallets with Segwit and move funds into Segwit addresses.  Contact your exchanges and other services and ask them to start using Segwit as well, or move your business to one that does.
@_date: 2017-12-18 19:16:17
Luckily you get the Segwit discount as long as you're sending *from* a Segwit address, doesn't matter where you're sending to.  "3" addresses aren't quite as efficient as native segwit "bc1" addresses, but still good.  There's pretty high tx traffic right now but my best guess it you could get by with a tx fee of 120 sat/B or so.  Sadly there don't seem to be any good fee estimators that properly take Segwit reduced block weight into account so it's a little difficult to tell at the moment.  If nothing else, just make sure you enable RBF (replace-by-fee) if your wallet supports it so you can bump the fee up a little if it's not confirming as fast as you'd like.
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:45:39
As far as I am aware Gemini *does* support Segwit, they just haven't implemented it internally.  I am using Segwit and am able to send/withdraw BTC to and from my Gemini account without issue, and Gemini pays all tx fees on withdraws.  You are correct though in that they should implement Segwit internally for their own hot-wallet addresses and start doing better transaction batching.  They must be doing *some* batching because the last time I withdrew some BTC and looked it up on blocker explorer there were many more outputs than just mine.
@_date: 2017-12-06 20:14:30
r Bitcoin mods didn't create a fake subreddit to troll and confuse people.  As best I can tell they just mentioned a link to way back there was no other official subreddit for the fork - didn't exist at that point, and was claiming to be about Bitcoin.  They subsequently removed the sticky/link when it turned toward being trollish.  The person who started was also just another random redditor, not a mod here.
@_date: 2017-12-06 05:53:33
If you're really interested you could get in Bitcoin TestNet and try it out right now.  Last I heard they have passed 73 out of 75 development goal tests and progress is good.  They also recently completed the first ever Bitcoin-to-LiteCoin Atomic Swap.  They're doing what the Bitcoin devs have always done: carefully testing and retesting rather than rashly rushing to push out code that might damage the network or Bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:26:23
Yeah but this is specifically about Satoshi 15.1 nodes with Segwit support.  Way too many of those nodes are very old versions of Bitcoin or other modified versions.
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:39:43
Also, you don't want to create a tax event for yourself unnecessarily by effectively "cashing out" in less than 12 months if you'd been HODLing long term.
@_date: 2017-12-02 07:37:17
Hey now, I've had a signifiacant quantity of gin tonight. I"m not entirely 100% on top of my grammar game here.
@_date: 2017-12-06 01:15:46
Ah, good point there -- if you're doing it for redundancy *and* you're syncing the blockchain internally between your own nodes rather than both pulling from the internet, you're awesome.  I just run mine in a VM so if it goes down it just automatically migrates to another host in the cluster and keeps going like nothing happened.
I've seen people talking about spinning up like... dozens of nodes in VMs all on the same network before and was trying to explain to them that that was silly. :)
@_date: 2017-12-06 06:10:07
Right.  I'm afraid the entire Bitcoin community would disagree with you there because we're all experiencing lower fees and faster transaction times with Segwit.  And strangely, all of those miners seem to be acting against their own economic best interest (if what you say is true) and confirming Segwit transactions first with lower fees, even though they're supposedly losing money by doing so.  They must all be really altruistic, huh?
Tell you what, how about you go try sending two identical BTC transactions (same number of inputs and outputs) one with legacy and one work Segwit with the same fee attached and report back here how many blocks it takes before each goes through? You can post the transaction IDs here so the whole world can see that you're right and I'm wrong.
@_date: 2017-12-12 06:03:59
I just tested lightning wallets and transactions myself and it's awesome and it's instant, no need to wait 10 minute minimum blocks to confirm to get your microtransactions through.   It's a lot closer than you think.  And if you think raising block size is the solution we need right now, everyone could be getting 2-4mb effective block sizes right now if they used Segwit, but only 12% of daily transactions are using it.  Does your wallet address start with 1? Then you're still on legacy.  Segwit is either 3 or bc1. Only helps for sending, not receiving, so ask your exchange and everyone you do transactions with to start using Segwit asap.  Seriously, if you think 2mb blocks would help, we could all have them right now with Segwit.
@_date: 2017-12-15 08:09:22
hardware wallets like Ledger and Trezor support Segwit.  also Electrum and GreenBits.
@_date: 2017-12-15 08:15:25
bitcoin transaction fees aren't based on how much BTC you're moving, but rather how much source your transaction takes up in the blockchain.  sending from a Segwit enabled (starts with a 3 or bc1 rather than 1) address will take up less space and therefore work with lower fees.
@_date: 2017-12-05 20:51:16
Bitcoin Core *does* have Segwit support in Satoshi 0.15.1 -- they just haven't added it to the GUI yet.  It works via command-line and if you're using bitcoind to run a Full Node.  (We need more full nodes to upgrade to 15.1 ASAP, I'm running one now)  I don't imagine there's really *that* many people out there running Bitcoin Core GUI as their primary transaction wallet, but still hopefully they'll add it soon.
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:43:50
Also if Coinbase/GDAX was holding yours, did they release all of it? Has anyone not received theirs?  Maybe post here and let us know, and whether you were able to successfully sell it.
@_date: 2017-12-02 06:58:27
Simple.  You just walk through with **[eight of these]( in your pocket.
@_date: 2017-12-01 08:42:07
There's a really important concept to wrap your head around: your "wallet" *doesn't* contain your Bitcoins, no matter what kind it is.  The Bitcoin "blockchain" which every one of the tens of thousands of full nodes on the distributed worldwide network has a full individually verified copy of... "contains" your Bitcoins, along with a complete ledger/history of every single transaction that has ever taken place since the beginning of Bitcoin.
Your wallet is simply a (hopefully) secure place to store your *private key*, which is a complex cryptographic password that proves that you are the rightful owner of your Bitcoin, and no one else can access them without it.  If you lose the key, the coins indeed be lost to the world forever.
All that said, I highly recommend you consider investing in a hardware wallet like [Trezor]4) or [Ledger Nano S](  These store your private keys encrypted in a carefully designed device that can plug in to your phone or laptop via USB and "sign" transactions with your private key... without the private key itself *ever* leaving the device onto your phone/computer where it could be hacked or stolen by malware/keylogger/etc.  
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:47:12
If you can get an account with them and can deposit USD from a bank account then sure, but I'm not sure if you can do that from outside the US.
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:47:19
You can *also* check your node's current "rank" on Bitnode's worldwide leaderboard, here: 
It's based on a number of factors they combine into a "peer index" value that estimates roughly how "helpful" your node is to the network so far with number of connections served, reliability, bandwidth, etc.  I was excited to see that my full node is currently around 3750th place out of 14035 total online, and it's only been online for a little over a week so far.
@_date: 2017-12-05 06:42:51
Question -- are you using Segwit enabled wallets and addresses?  Segwit is currently our best tool for increasing transaction confirmation speed *and* lowering fees.  If your wallet address starts with "1" rather than "3" or "bc1" that means you're probably not using Segwit.  Right now only 10% of Bitcoin transactions are using Segwit, which means *most* of us could be getting faster transactions with lower fees *right now*.
Also remember Lightning Network is nearing completion (they're already using it on TestNet and it's passing most dev tests) and if it works as planned it's going to make fast/cheap micropayments possible again *without* compromising the long-term viability of the blockchain or reducing decentralization or security.  If anything I think it will greatly *increase* decentralization by giving everyone a little incentive to run a full node / lightning node.
Now more than ever is the best time to be HODL-ing.  I think we've only just begun to see where this can go.  That said, if you want to fire sale your BTCs I'll be happy to buy them up. :P
@_date: 2017-12-06 02:32:10
Nope, not if you transfer everything to the new wallet in one go.  (Although I would strongly recommend sending one small transaction first as a test to confirm the new wallet is working right before sending your full amount)  Remember: Bitcoin doesn't care how much *value* you're transferring, it only cares how much *space* (in bytes) your transaction takes up on the blockchain.  So you could move $5 or $5000000000 dollars and the fee would be the same.
This is, incidentally, how Segwit gets you lower fees: by separating the "witness" data from the main transaction block, it doesn't count as part of the 1MB maximum block size.  So if you send a Segwit transaction identical to another legacy transaction with the same fee attached, miners will always pick *yours* first because it will use less of their 1MB block size limit (around 30% less?) meaning they can squeeze *more* transactions (and thus more tips) into their block.  Alternatively, you could offer a significantly lower fee than a legacy transaction and still be processed just as quickly if not faster, for the same reason.  Make sense?
Here's the best part: the only reason fees are so high right now is because the 1MB blocks are always completely full due to the backlog.  If *everyone* switched to using Segwit right now that would decrease the fees for *everyone*, even people already using Segwit, because with effectively 1.7 to 2.0 MB per block (with Segwit) we'd be clearing out the mempool and eventually get to having not-entirely-full blocks again.  When the blocks aren't 100% full, even very low and zero fee transactions get processed.  That's why you should encourage everyone to start using Segwit ASAP, and encourage your exchanges and other services to switch as well (exchanges make up the bulk of transactions on the blockchain so it's vital that they switch soon).
That won't solve the problem forever if Bitcoin keeps getting more and more popular and widely used, but it should be enough to keep us running smooth while they're getting Lightning Network ready, which will enable fast/cheap BTC micro-transactions without clogging up the blockchain.  It's going to be awesome.
@_date: 2017-12-19 00:27:26
truth.  it'd be helpful if it was simpler, but for most people that's true most of the time.
@_date: 2017-12-17 01:04:57
I agree Gemini should move quickly to implement Segwit for their internal systems and hot-wallets as soon as possible...
There's an important distinction here though: Segwit only affects transaction fees/times for the *sender*, and you can send from your Segwit wallet to the Gemini deposit address without any issue and will benefit from the reduced tx fees / faster confirmation times.
And IIRC Gemini also has free BTC withdraws, meaning that they pay the entire cost of any tx fees to send funds out to your wallet.  It would be better for the Bitcoin network / ecosystem if they switched to Segwit for their hot-wallets, but it's at least not affecting you personally.
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:00:36
Gemini *supports* Segwit in the sense that you can send/receive from Segwit wallets without issue.  They just haven't converted their internal systems to Segwit yet.  The Segwit fee "discount" only applies to the *sender* though so you get the benefit when sending to them... and **Gemini has free withdraws of BTC**, they pay the tx fees for you.  We should still encourage them to convert their internal systems to Segwit as soon as possible though; it would save *them* money and help keep tx fees down for everyone else.
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:34:35
For those of you that *had* BCash being held by Coinbase from before the fork, can you post here &amp; let us know if they have released all of your holdings &amp; whether you're able to successfully sell them?
@_date: 2017-12-06 08:26:08
I completely agree, that sub is inexcusable and shouldn't exist.  I wrote more in my reply to to Upvoted to encourage discussion.
@_date: 2017-12-15 07:37:12
then push for Segwit adoption.  We have it right now and Segwit allows for blocks up to 4mb *right now*, but less than 10% of all daily transactions in mempool are actually using it.
Segwit *is* a block size increase, but it's opt-in.
check your wallet - do your send addresses start with a 3 or a bc1? great job, you're using Segwit.  Note that most wallet fee estimators don't account for this and horribly tell you to overspend on fees.  Sadly it usually requires adjusting it down manually.  I usually try cutting the fees in half or so, or more.  Maybe ask your favorite wallets to provide Segwit fee estimators ASAP.
if your send address starts with a 1, you're still using a legacy wallet and you're making it worse for yourself and for everyone else, so switch and move your funds to a Segwit wallet today!
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:29:13
Small clarification: miners don't generally ever leave blocks empty because they thought the fees offered were too low.  They'll happily include transactions all the way down to 10 satoshis per byte or less if they've already included all the ones offering higher fees.  When there are too many transactions in the mempool to fit in the next 1MB block, though, they take the highest paying ones first and the ones at the bottom have to wait for the next block.  If there's still more than 1MB of transactions with higher fees and that continues, then transactions with very low fees offered may never get processed at all.  There's a nice real-time graphical chart  representation of the mempool/unconfirmed transactions separated out into color bands by fees offerered, here: 
@_date: 2017-12-15 07:11:17
I can confirm Trezor wallet with GreenBits on Android as the UI works well worth Segwit addresses.
@_date: 2017-12-16 23:46:36
Or, although you'll likely pay a huge markup, you might check to see whether there's a Bitcoin ATM in your city.  They're generally at least 10% over market price, but if you're planning to HODL long-term, that might not be that big of a deal in the long run.
You might also consider opening an online bank account with someplace like Ally Bank.  
@_date: 2017-12-04 21:32:04
On Android I've been using [GreenBits]( and it uses 3- Segwit addresses.  Works pretty well, no complaints so far, although I'll probably switch to Samurai once they add hardware wallet support.
@_date: 2017-12-05 04:29:19
Why would the reward halving cause the price to drop so dramatically? If anything I would think that reducing the rate at which new Bitcoins are added to the market would *increase* the value of the existing ones.
@_date: 2017-12-05 01:27:49
Yeah if you are a long-term holder/investor and you aren't actively day-trading (meaning buying *and* selling trying to time the market for profit) ... there's not really much reason to keep your funds on an exchange.  You should get a hardware wallet and move your funds there ASAP, *exactly* for the reason of avoiding another Mt. Gox situation, among other things.
Another benefit is that if any other hard fork "coin splits" happen in the future you'll actually get access to the split coins right away and can choose what to do with them rather than being at the mercy of your exchange.  (Coinbase for example still has their users BCash locked away and they're not releasing them for some time yet.  If I had any funds there I'd be pissed about not being able to sell the BCH to buy more BTCs.)
@_date: 2017-12-18 07:17:29
have you considered that maybe that's because they're only processing  around 20k transactions per day while Bitcoin is doing more like 400k?  any altcoin can have low fees when no one is using it and the blocks are all mostly empty.  I'm using Segwit and my fees are low and my transactions confirm quickly, *and* I'm using a the cryptocurrency that is gaining in popularity, adoption, and market value every day rather than getting left by the side of the road wondering when Roger Ver is going to save them.
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:35:11
Well then, your a real ultimate badass and you have my thanks. :D
@_date: 2017-12-02 02:16:27
You can torrent the blockchain, yes, but it's still likely to take a while because your node has to CPU verify the SHA256 hashes through whole thing block by block before it goes live, which can take quite a while.
@_date: 2017-12-18 03:13:34
and also, consider switching to a better wallet/software that supports Segwit... you can send transactions with lower fees and faster confirmation times from Segwit wallets.  Also note that many wallet softwares have *terrible* fee estimators built in.  Lots of them tell you that you have to pay the highest possible fee, when frequently (especially with Segwit) you could pay a much lower fee and still get your transaction processed in a short time.  (This issue tends to cause a feedback loop, because so many people out there think they *have* to pay the fee their wallet says because that's what "bitcoin is charging them"... so they just do it even though they're vastly overpaying, and then the next person's wallet sees that and decides they should pay even *more*, and so on... hopefully the software will improve soon)
@_date: 2017-12-06 01:19:45
It wouldn't matter.  Every single node independently verifies the entire blockchain and every single transaction against the consensus rules as *it* defines them based on the software it runs without trusting any of the others to do it.  You can't convince someone *else's* node to changing consensus rules just by running thousands of them yourself.  Every person running a node gets to decide what Bitcoin "is" *for them*, and that will always be true no matter how many other nodes (or miners) are out there doing something different.
@_date: 2017-12-03 07:07:54
As hash power decreases due to lower mining rewards (and eventually due to mining rewards, although we will likely all be dead by the time that happens) the difficultly algorithm will constantly adjust along the way to keep blocks churning out about every 10 minutes anyway.  In the end the only rewards will be transaction fees, but the DA will ensure that even that remains profitable.
@_date: 2017-12-19 17:51:56
that's not how Segwit works. Receiving side doesn't matter.
@_date: 2017-12-18 18:20:48
OP: did you send from a legacy (starts with 1) wallet address or a Segwit  wallet (starts with a '3' or 'bc1')?  If you're sending from legacy, that's part of why you're overpaying on fees.
Also can you post the transaction ID so we can look it up in the block explorer?  Might help figure out what is happening.
@_date: 2017-12-06 08:38:10
Sweet, more power to them.  If they're confident it will succeed, why are they resorting to tricking people with and (which is Bitcoin's ticker symbol)? Why the deception?
@_date: 2017-12-05 01:18:40
I went ahead and reported to the Reddit admins.  Hopefully they can do something about it based on Reddit's Site Rules about "Impersonating someone in a misleading or deceptive manner".  This definitely qualifies as deception, I think.
@_date: 2017-12-17 00:14:43
[**Dollar Cost Averaging**](
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:35:21
Sadly they do not, yet.  Hopefuly the uptick in new customers will inspire they to add one. :)
@_date: 2017-12-03 08:20:32
No seriously he's right, what are you talking about? Your question is framed in a way that doesn't make any sense and goes against some of the most important low-level aspects of how Bitcoin *works*.
First "focus on certain blocks and finish them first" implies that it's possible to start mining later blocks before finishing the *current* one that everyone is racing toward.  **It's not** possible because the super-difficult-math-problem that the miners try to solve for each block is *built on the solution to and transaction content of the previous block*.  This means that there's no way to "skip" a block and start working on the next one before the previous is found/solved.  In fact, it's also one of the fundamental components that keeps Bitcoin secure.  The miners solutions to this continuous chain of difficult math/crypto problems goes into and is what constitutes the blockchain itself, creating a "Proof of Work" that cannot be replicated without spending a greater amount of hashing power over a greater amount of time.  This is what keeps Bitcoin secure by preventing someone from simply rewriting a new blockchain with a modified transaction log to benefit themselves.  
@_date: 2017-12-18 03:07:00
I think we're still a *long* long way off from mainstream.  I think people joining in will still be "early adopters" for a long time to come.  What's the total market cap of Bitcoin right now? $310 billion dollars.  Sounds like a lot, but then think about the current money supply (m3) of the US dollar? 13.7 *trillion* dollars.  If Bitcoin ever beings to really put a serious dent in that number, even people getting in under $100000 per coin will be considered "early adopters".
... and one of the great things about Bitcoin is that (unlike the US dollar) they can't just print more.  There are only 16 million now, and far far in the future there will only ever be around 21 million total mined.  
@_date: 2017-12-15 07:48:11
it's not though, most people don't know they can choose their own fees and just accept it when their poorly programmed wallet tells them they have to pay $15, even when $3 would have been fine, or less.   Segwit allows for blocks up to 4mb right now but you have to opt in and send from a wallet address starting with a 3 or a bc1.
@_date: 2017-12-18 04:09:00
People have been asking this very same question since back when Bitcoin was $10, $100, $500, $1000, $2000, $3000, $5000, $7500, $10000, $12000, $15000, $17000.... what are we at now? $19000?  No one can predict the future, but Bitcoin isn't anywhere near mainstream adoption yet, so there's still plenty of room to grow.  Only a tiny percent of the population (probably less than 1%?) currently owns any Bitcoin, but I could imagine in the not very far off future a lot *more* people are going to **want** to own Bitcoin.
All that said, remember that it's a risk.  You could invest and earn some profits if you hold long enough and don't panic-sell when you see the price dipping for a little while.  Or maybe something unexpected will happen and you'll lose some or all of your investment.
I'd strongly recommend putting that $50 per paycheck into a regular savings account until you have a nice buffer of liquid cash saved up for emergencies.  Once you have a  little safety net, then you might consider some long-term investments.  Otherwise, if you buy Bitcoin now and then some unexpected event / expense shows up, you might be forced to sell during a price dip at a loss.  Bitcoin is (I think) a good long term investment, but nobody knows for sure what's going to happen and it can be extremely volatile in the short term.  Never invest more than you can afford to lose.  Good luck out there. :)
@_date: 2017-12-06 02:11:44
Which sub are you talking about, and what deceptive redirect links re: BCash discussion are you referring to?  If you can point out where is deceptively trying to trick people looking for BCash into some other subreddit I've love to hear about it, and I would publicly call out those responsible and request that they stop doing so immediately.  We don't go in for that sort of nonsense around here.
Also it looks like the deceptive post in I was referring to has since been removed as of today.  Maybe the Reddit admins got around to noticing it and decided it violated the site rules against "impersonation/deception".
@_date: 2017-12-16 23:41:47
Last I checked Mycelium still doesn't support Segwit, which you *really* want right now as it gets you significantly faster transaction times with significantly lower fees.
If you're on Android you might consider Electrum or Samurai Wallet.
I'm planning on switching to Samurai (for my UI) the moment they finish adding Trezor support.
If/when you end up with a larger investment and thus need better security, I *highly* recommend hardware wallets.  They're not just USB sticks with your private keys, they're carefully purpose-built devices to keep your keys air-gapped even if the computer or phone you plug it in to has been compromised with malware.  I have a Trezor &amp; can happily recommend it, but I've heard good things about the Ledger device as well.
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:01:16
Fair enough, hopefully they'll be following up with a full audit soon.  I find it somewhat unlikely though that Friedman LLC which has been in business for a very long time and has many other clients would just decide to utterly ruin their reputation by colluding with Tether to lie to the public... What's their incentive? Tether slips them a little extra under the table for their loyalty? It would have to be a pretty serious bribe to risk destroying a century old accounting firm over.
@_date: 2017-12-05 00:47:54
That subreddit is used and inhabited by proponents of BCash.  They are using the BTC ticker symbol as their subreddit name to confuse new people looking for Bitcoin that theirs is the "real" Bitcoin.  It's pretty clear their whole game plan is to try to profit off of Bitcoin's trusted brand name and development history by tricking people.  Same people (Roger Ver &amp; Jihan Wu and co) own Bitcoin.com and use that to trick people in the same way.
@_date: 2017-12-05 20:49:07
Rad.  I'll give them a look and try them out, then, as long as I can do deposits from US banks.  I figure the best way to encourage all the other exchanges to hurry up with full Segwit implementation is to reward companies that have already done so with our business instead so it hurts them in the pocketbook.  Gemini also pays for outbound withdraw fees, but they're still using legacy address hot-wallets for it.
@_date: 2017-12-06 06:50:13
Fair enough.  I don't blame you for wishing it was sooner.  If Blockstream really *was* planning to do a cash/power grab with LN, I would think they'd pour all the resources into it that they could.  Instead they're developing it open source so everyone can participate, even you.  If you're a developer with blockchain and crypto experience and you have a better idea or could contribute useful code, that would be awesome.  Sadly I am not.  I also gather there simply are not that many coders in the world with the kind of expertise needed to do this, and they *all* need to double and triple check each other's work because there's more than **two hundred billion dollars** on the line if they make a tiny mistake or someone manages to slip some malicious code in without anyone noticing.
Think about how many thousands of security vulnerabilities have been found and exploited in every major software project by professional software companies over the years.  How many of us have had our personal information stolen from companies that have been hacked?
Now think of how many security vulnerabilities have been found and exploited in the Bitcoin core source code over the last ten years (Bitcoin itself, not counting 3rd party software or exchanges with lax security measures, or user error/stupidity) ... How many funds have been stolen from actual Bitcoin due to security flaws?  I don't know of a single one.
I for one would rather they take their time and get it *right* rather than hurry and risk destroying everything we've built.
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:05:31
There's a difference between enabling Segwit support for customers vs then actually taking Segwit *themselves*.  Look at their hot wallet addresses in block explorer when withdrawing to your wallet.  Are they sending from Segwit addresses?
@_date: 2017-12-06 05:58:28
It's all good man, you were genuinely trying to be helpful and if there *was* a real LN sub with real discussion going on, I'm sure we'd all like to subscribe and support it.  Not your fault, just glad we caught it before too many got tricked.  If nothing else this just brings to light the kind of deception BCash is willing to engage in and we can all be more vigilant.  Thanks. :)
@_date: 2017-12-05 20:55:53
Can you provide a link or documentation where you got that information? Coinbase may "support" Segwit in that users can optionally use it, but the real important part is whether *they're* using it internally.  Exchanges (like Coinbase) generate HUGE amounts of BTC transaction traffic on the mempool, I would imagine the vast majority of transactions in fact, at the moment.  If they're sending from legacy (starts with 1) addresses, they're not using Segwit and they're clogging the mempool and causing all of us to pay higher transaction fees because of it.
@_date: 2017-12-15 20:39:42
mind sharing the transaction id? if we can look it up in the block explorer maybe we can see what's going wrong
@_date: 2017-12-07 02:37:18
sure, maybe, but what happens when the *other* part of wall street and those of us in for the long HODL eat their short up like candy?
@_date: 2017-12-03 08:13:58
I haven't seen anything in the house/senate drafts so far that directly refer to or change how crypto is taxed.
On the other hand, the republican plan seems hell bent on increasing the US deficit by huge amount (something like 1.5 trillion?)  with such a massive reduction in revenue while doing nothing (yet) to decrease spending to compensate.  (No doubt later on they'll start killing useful social programs to pay for some of the losses, claiming there's no other choice, and you know education and health care and things that actually benefit people will be on the chopping block first while never considering the military/war spending and benefits for the wealthy) ... the result of all this deficit spending will inevitably be inflation an devaluing the dollar, making Bitcoin even more attractive and valuable for its inherently deflationary nature.
@_date: 2017-12-05 23:24:30
I use a Trezor myself and have been quite happy with it; I've heard good things about the Ledger Nano S but I've never used one in person so I can't really say which is better.  One thing I like about the Trezor is that you secure it with a PIN that you enter whenever you open your wallet or send a transaction, but it scrambles the keypad numbers on the screen each time so when you type the PIN into your phone or laptop (where you're running your 'wallet' software that interfaces with the hardware key) you're not risking losing your PIN to some malware or keylogger on your insecure phone or laptop.  The phone/laptop only sees the (scrambled) positions of the buttons you push, but has no idea what numbers are associated with them.
Maybe the Ledger does something similar but it doens't sound like it.
@_date: 2017-12-12 06:12:14
Ok, what software wallet were you using with your Ledger?  Your Ledger is just a (hopefully) safe place to keep your private keys.  What wallet software did you use to actually send the transaction?
@_date: 2017-12-06 07:09:36
Heh. Probably because it's an open source project and it's not anyone's "IP"... and up until now we didn't imagine that anyone would engage in these sorts of petty tricks.  I guess now we know better.
@_date: 2017-12-15 08:07:32
Trezor wallet works great with Segwit as well.  I use it with GreenBits on Android as the UI.
@_date: 2017-12-05 22:09:14
That just says they're only now hiring engineers to *start* working on Segwit... Which means they haven't even started working on it prior to now.
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:56:05
I wouldn't recommend it if you're just trying to help.  The most valuable thing you can offer is bandwidth and low latency relays, and WiFi is not good at that.
@_date: 2017-12-07 04:26:49
Of course; everyone has their own personal goals and there's nothing wrong with selling some BTC or spending some directly on goods and services.  If you're trying to buy a house for your family or a car to drive to work, more power to ya and it's awesome that Bitcoin can help you reach your goals.  But for me I try to always replace every BTC I spend by buying more BTC with fiat/paychecks.  My real goal is to someday just get paid for my work in BTC directly and on that day the BTC to USD conversion price will start mattering less and less every day.
You're right about it being used for payments though, and I'm excited that they ran a successful test of Lightning Network on the main block chain today.  I wish more people would start using Segwit though because we could be getting 2mb blocks right now today if everyone did.  Right now we're only at 10% of users on Segwit.
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:35:23
Your Ledger Nano S *is* a wallet in the sense that it contains your private keys.  You generally plug the Ledger into a phone or laptop running "wallet software" that can interact with the Ledger.  The software really just provides the user interface and network connectivity at that point while the Ledger securely signs transaction requires so that the insecure phone/laptop never sees the keys.  So if you've moved your coins to your Ledger wallet address, then you can easily spend directly from there.
If you had your coins in an exchange account (like Coinbase/GDAX/Gemini/etc) then yes you'd probably want to withdraw them to your Ledger before spending them.  Technically you *might* be able to get away with withdrawing them directly from your exchange to the desired payment address, but I wouldn't recommend it since the transaction would then come from your exchange's hotwallet address rather than yours and might confuse the vendor you were working with.
@_date: 2017-12-06 00:01:20
If he's not withdrawing from it regularly, it doesn't matter.  Segwit address only matters when you're sending *from* it, not receiving.
Segwit -&gt; Segwit = lower fees.
Segwit -&gt; Legacy = lower fees.
Legacy -&gt; Segwit = high/normal fees.
Legacy -&gt; Legacy = high/normal fees.
@_date: 2017-12-19 18:07:12
you could use RBF (replace by fee).
@_date: 2017-12-02 08:02:25
Same here friend; HODL'er from the beginning, I have never sold a bitcoin, not once.  I've *spent* them directly, but always bought an equal value or more back to replace immediately.  [HODL the DOOR!](
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:08:52
Yes, this is the beauty of the soft-fork method that the bitcoin core devs implemented to roll out Segwit smoothly.  Segwit addresses are backwards compatible with legacy addresses and you can easily send back and forth.  Note: Segwit only benefits you with reduced bytes required per transaction (and thus lower fees) when you're **sending** from a Segwit address (usually starts with either 3 or bc1).  Sending from a legacy address to Segwit isn't improved, same transaction time and fees.  This is why we need to get *everyone* to switch to Segwit and move their funds to Segwit addresses as quickly as possible.  Once everyone does it, it will be effectively the same as having increase the block size to 1.7MB (from 1.0MB).  That will mean faster transactions and lower fees for *everyone*, and it will even get better for people already using Segwit because the blocks won't be so full / mempool backlogged.  I also recommend checking with your exchange service(s) to make sure they're using Segwit also -- try withdrawing an amount to your wallet and then look up the transaction in a block-explorer.  If the sending address they use doesn't start with a 3 or a bc1 -- they're still using legacy addresses.
@_date: 2017-12-18 05:26:21
Can we ask what exchange this is?  This is entirely on them, since they're not letting you set your own fees.  Most good exchanges (GDAX, Gemini, others) bundle transactions together and give you free withdraws where *they* pay the fees.  If your exchange didn't include a reasonable fee with your withdraw, you need to contact their support for assistance immediately as they're the only ones that can do anything about it: it's *their* transaction, not yours.
And then maybe consider moving to a better exchange. :)
@_date: 2017-12-02 08:16:34
Reporting for duty, sir! 12K content locked and loaded!  Waiting on your orders, SIR!
@_date: 2017-12-20 00:13:37
I'm running one (on TestNet) right now in my garage.  The barrier to entry is quite low.  Anyone who could run a Bitcoin Full Node can do it as well.
@_date: 2017-12-06 02:42:25
Ok, let's go through this.  Have you read anything about how Segwit actually *works*?  Try reading [here](  Miners actually *prefer* confirming Segwit transactions in their blocks before legacy transactions.  Here's why: Segwit transactions don't count the "witness" data against the 1MB block size limit.  So if an otherwise identical legacy transaction and segwit transaction both offer the exact same fee, the miners will process the *segwit* transaction first *every time* -- because it will take up less space of their 1MB block and allow them to squeeze even more transactions (with more fees/tips attached) into their block, making them more money.  Make sense?
No one is forcing you to use Segwit, that's why they implemented it with a backwards-compatible soft-fork rather than a hard-fork that breaks consensus rules (like BCH).  It's entirely optional and as of right now only around 12% of daily transactions are using Segwit.  (Mostly that seems to be due to woeful misinformation like what you were apparently given about the topic and because people don't realize they need to move their funds to a Segwit wallet &amp; address before it starts helping them)  
@_date: 2017-12-06 00:30:37
How is Segwit bad for anyone other than Jihan Wu and those that want to profit off of exploiting asicboost, which Segwit prevents by fixing the [malleability issue](  Segwit effectively *is* a block size increase, allowing 1.7mb (or more) of actual data per block.  If you want the "low fees and fast transaction times" that increasing block size allows you can have it right now today by using a Segwit-enabled wallet (starts with 3 or bc1) and encouraging others to do the same.
@_date: 2017-12-20 00:29:25
Nope, all Lightning Network transactions happen in *real* BTC, all the time.  There's no "Lightning Network Coin" or any other such shenanigans.  LN is more like a mesh network of cryptographically signed "standing transactions" of real Bitcoin between Lightning Nodes that allow others to send/receive micro-transactions back and forth *through* them.  When those channels eventually get closed or "settled up" the end results get recording in the blockchain... without every single person's $0.01 website micro-transaction or $1 coffee purchase needing to go into the Permanent Blockchain Ledger for all time.
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:02:50
I would not run a local node if you have a data cap or metered service.  It will use a *lot*.  The primary thing you are donating to the network is your bandwidth to help others sync the blockchain and to relay transactions.
@_date: 2017-12-06 03:49:31
It's worse than that, it was created recently by user "jcfy" who if you look at his post history is a BCash fan (only posts in who obviously hates Bitcoin and LN and is only doing this to spread FUD.  The BCash people must be getting pretty desperate if they're resorting to this kinda thing.
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:33:05
No, Gemini is legit.  I've been working with them for a long time and have never had issues withdrawing my funds.  They even have free BTC withdraws (they pay the transaction fees)... IIRC there's no fee for US$ withdraws to your bank, either.
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:34:39
Neither of those two scenarios should be taxable because you are still holding Bitcoin and never "sold" it.  However if you sold your Bitcoin for US $ on Coinbase and then sent that money to Gemini to rebuy Bitcoin there, *that* would be taxable.  Basically any time you convert back to USD the IRS considers it at "realizing gains" -- assuming you made some profit from your purchase price.
@_date: 2017-12-03 07:02:43
Miners don't validate transactions.  Full nodes validate transactions.  Miners get to collect fees to include transactions in the block they they mine/win, which makes it part of the permanent record on all full nodes.  Full nodes also verify that miners aren't lying when they say they've won a block.
@_date: 2017-12-15 22:52:20
Gemini Exchange "supports" Segwit in the sense that you can send from a Segwit address to them and they can send to your Segwit wallet for withdraws, **but they're still using legacy (starts with 1) addresses for all of their hot wallets they send withdraws from.** They pay withdraw transaction fees for you, but they're still clogging up the mempool with large kb high fee legacy transactions.
@_date: 2017-12-05 06:23:43
Also whatever scam site you found claiming an amazing opportunity to grow your Bitcoins is just that, a scam.  Don't fall for it.  If you want some Bitcoins to waste, go buy them with fiat currency like everyone else, but don't beg here for *other* people's Bitcoins so you can waste them on an obvious scam.
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:54:26
Or also anyone that owns a significant amount of Bitcoin and wants to protect their transactions and investments by not trusting strangers to do it for them.  I agree though the incentive for merchants and businesses to run their own nodes is particularly strong.
@_date: 2017-12-05 06:17:00
It's not terribly surprising, they basically came out of nowhere and there was almost no information about it prior apart from their flimsy website and a secretive press release or two.  Everyone was pretty suspicious about it from the beginning.
@_date: 2017-12-08 06:01:23
You know you can buy Bitcoin in any amount you want right? 0.1 BTC or 0.001 BTC or whatever? There's no minimum buy in price.
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:27:19
15.1 *has* Segwit support, just not in the GUI yet.  Staying updated helps the whole network.
@_date: 2017-12-17 20:28:09
OP: what wallet/software are you using? just because your wallet software 'suggests' that you should pay $17 doesn't mean you have to.  I've found that the fee estimators in most wallets are horribly inaccurate.  Or are you trying to transfer from an exchange account to your wallet?
@_date: 2017-12-04 21:33:05
Yeah I ran into this issue with Electrum the other day when I was trying to send a friend some BTC and they were using Electrum.  None of the other wallets recognized their Bech32 address and wouldn't send to it.
@_date: 2017-12-15 07:24:53
I'm using Green Bits withouts using any of their "hosted" services, you can totally use it as a standalone where only you have your keys. It also works with Trezor.
@_date: 2017-12-04 23:16:31
via what method? ACH transfer? Wire? Credit card?
@_date: 2017-12-04 20:37:31
For now, yes, at least for micropayments and such.  (Although Segwit helps)  The Bitcoin dev team is aware of the state of things and has been working on improvements like Lightning Network that are nearly ready.  I'm pretty excited about it.  It will enable secure/trustless/distributed microtransactions and also give everyone more incentive to run Full Nodes that can also be Lightning Nodes at the same time.  Antonopolous explains it a lot better than I can: 
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:20:48
Yeah it's especially telling that they use Bitcoin's ticker symbol (BTC) as their subreddit name instead of their own (BCH).  No reason for that but deception.  Check out this subreddit to catch people that typo 'bitcoin'.  Look how they provided a handy link to take you to how nice! Except if you follow the link it actually takes you to (*EDIT: I see that since the time I posted this, the single post in that subreddit I mentioned with the deceptive redirect link has been removed, or at least I don't see it anymore.  That's good I guess?*)
@_date: 2017-12-05 07:38:44
This is good advice.
@_date: 2017-12-06 08:07:15
Correct. It's going to be pretty exciting times! Direct Atomic Swaps between altcoins that support Segwit!  Micro-transactions with low fees! More incentive to run full nodes!  It'll be a great day for all of us, including our buddies over at :)
@_date: 2017-12-04 07:01:05
No, miners do *not* verify transactions.  Full nodes verify transactions, and if you want to you could run one yourself.  Miners are racing to solve a complex mathematical puzzle to win the next "block" which comes with a bitcoin reward.  The solution to the puzzle is encoded in the blockchain along with up to 1MB of transactions, each independently verified by every Full Node on the distributed network.  The next math problem the miners race toward is *based* on the content of the previous block.  The puzzle solutions for what is known as "proof of work" in the bitcoin blockchain/ledger and forms a critical part of Bitcoin's security by preventing someone from trying to modify or rewrite the ledger/transaction history: in order to do so, they'd need more computing power than all the miners in the world for a greater length of time.
@_date: 2017-12-18 05:20:45
Don't use Coinbase, it's for noobs.  Transfer your funds to GDAX (which is the *actual* exchange behind the Coinbase 'retail store', where the actual trading happens)... it's the same company, and as far as I know that's a free transfer.
GDAX (unlike Coinbase) offers free withdraws to your Bitcoin wallet.
Other good exchanges (like Gemini) offer free withdraws also.
@_date: 2017-12-18 18:53:46
Are you sending from a Segwit wallet? (Does your wallet address start with a '3' or a 'bc1'?)
@_date: 2017-12-03 16:32:26
I second this.  Antonopoulos is great at explaining some of the more complex parts and really walking you through what makes Bitcoin work the way it does, what makes it so so useful and so resilient to attack.  Look for one of his "beginners" or"introduction" videos if you're just starting out.  The best thing you can do for your own peace of mind if you're investing is to learn more about Bitcoin technology, security, anti-fragility, etc.  Then when you hear people talking nonsense and saying the sky is falling you'll know it's not true and can HODL with confidence.
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:57:36
Strong work, thanks for helping! You might also want to subscribe to the Bitcoin dev [RSS Feed]( to get notified when new versions are released.  I've found that there are a LOT of nodes out there that are still running old versions like 12, 13, 14.
Also! now that you have your own node online, if you use a software wallet (even in conjunction with a Trezor/Ledger) to do transactions -- many wallets allow you to specify that they should *only* connect to your (trusted) node rather than a selection of random ones.
@_date: 2017-12-05 01:29:39
Oh! That's different.  Can you give us the transaction ID or the public address you sent to so we can look it up in the blockchain and find out what might have gone wrong? (Note: NOT your private keys, obviously, never ever post those anywhere)
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:30:49
Did you really downvote my reply because you *disagreed* with it? That's not what that button is for.  Here, I'll upvote yours because genuine discussion is good, even with people you might disagree with.
Anyway, I think Coinbase hasn't implemented it yet because they have a lot of custom code and internal systems that would need to be updated and they've probably been busy dealing with the 10x increase in userbase/traffic Bitcoin has seen recently.  Also, since they've just been passing the transaction fees along to their users, they're not really feeling the pain or economic incentive to get with the times.  Seems like people are starting to get better educated about it now though and are telling Coinbase that they *do* care about this.
Mostly it's going to take a while for the various exchanges, services, and software providers (software &amp; hardware wallets, etc) to update their code, and it's going to take some effort to get users educated about why it's good for them.  Everyone has been understandably busy dealing with contentious hard-forks lately, but now that we've gotten past that we can focus on getting Segwit adoption up so we can actually make *use* of the 2-4 MB block size that it allows.  I'm already getting lower fees and faster transactions with it, but it'll get even better for me and everyone else as more people transition.
@_date: 2017-12-20 01:24:07
nope, channels don't require separate keys.  everything is signed by your normal Bitcoin wallet keys.  For most users there won't be any additional steps or complexity.
@_date: 2017-12-06 08:33:05
No, it's wrong and inexcusable no matter who does it.  I agree this is shameful behavior and we should all stop.  See my replies to the others for more.
@_date: 2017-12-06 10:29:14
That would be a smart move, yeah, and Antonopoulos seems like a smart guy.  :D
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:46:31
Just one will be better than three, honestly.  The only reason to run more at the same location would be to increase fault tolerance, but if you're running on a cluster you've already got that in spades.  Note: when you first bring your node online it's going to consume *vastly* more resources than normal for probably at least several days if not a week.  This is because it will be downloading the entire 155+GB blockchain from *other* full nodes on the network, and while it does this it will be CPU crunching its way through the entire chain cryptographically verifying every single block/transaction all the way through to ensure there are no errors (or lies).  This constitutes the "proof of work" provided by the miners -- every new block is encoded against the previous one, so if you wanted to go back and change even one transaction in the ledger you'd have to completely rewrite and rehash (that is, re-mine) that and every subsequent block up until now... and you'd need to do that with vastly more than the combined hash rate of every miner in the world to ever hope of catching up.  It's a brilliant security mechanism.
Anyway, I'd suggest giving your node VM lots of extra CPU cores to work with and plenty of RAM at least during the initial sync phase.  Once it finishes verifying the blockchain the resource consumption will drop to a small fraction of that since it will only be crunching the numbers on the new transactions/blocks as they come through.
Merry Christmas to you too, and thanks for supporting the network and learning more about how it works. :)
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:04:59
Also if you're running your own node but still want to use a software/hardware wallet, be sure to point your wallet at your own node so that you're using *it* to relay and validate transactions.  Otherwise you're still trusting random nodes on the internet to relay and validate for you.
@_date: 2017-12-16 21:07:21
this is correct.  note that a hardware wallet like a Trezor or Ledger is *not* just like keeping your keys in a USB drive.  They are purpose built devices to keep your private keys air-gapped and safe even when plugged in to your phone or computer for transactions, unlike a USB drive.
@_date: 2017-12-02 00:48:04
Good deal.  Note that you do *not* have a wallet at Coinbase.  Coinbase has a wallet and controls the keys; they own the coins.  You just have an account with Coinbase which is effectively an "IOU" for your coins.  If they crash or get hacked or just decide to exit scam and skip off to Tahiti, you never really owned any Bitcoins in the first place.
Also as far as I know the Bitcoin Core GUI version doesn't actually have Segwit wallet support yet.  (Though they're adding it soon I think)  Also storing your private keys on your PC is a bit of a security risk -- if you get malware, they will steal your keys and your Bitcoins.  
If you have a significant investment in BTC I would strongly recommend considering a [Trezor]( or [Ledger](
@_date: 2017-12-06 07:55:27
Bitcoin is backed by the cryptographic security provided by the combined and cumulative "proof of work" generated by what is now possibly the most powerful decentralized computer network in the world.  It is guaranteed by consensus rules used by every one of the tens of thousands of Full Nodes around the world that independently verify the entire blockchain and every single transaction and mined block since the very beginning without trusting the others to do it for them.  Contrary to popular belief, miners do not control Bitcoin and they do not decide what Bitcoin "is" -- full nodes do, and you can run one too if you like.
@_date: 2017-12-06 03:38:13
please take a closer look at that subreddit.  The moderator, "jcfy" only posts in is which is the BCash subreddit run by Roger Ver and full of people hell-bent on destroying Bitcoin.  If you read through the small handful of posts it's obvious that JCFY *hates* bitcoin and *despises* the idea of the Lightning Network.  BCash can't participate in the LN (like BTC and Litecoin and other altcoins can) because they never implemented the Segwit malleability fix.  This subreddit is another obvious ploy by and BCash to spread misinformation.
Please, once you've taken a look to confirm for yourself, can you edit your post or add a note at the top to warn everyone that it isn't true and people really *shouldn't* subscribe there or believe anything they read there?
@_date: 2017-12-03 07:35:06
Also the transaction fees are act as a built in pressure valve.  If a backlog starts to occur, average transaction fees increase and will bring the miners back to collect the fees to clear the backlog.
Long before then though (and it looks like very soon) we'll have the Lightning Network to help distribute small/microtransactions across lightning network nodes for tiny fees (which anyone who can run a full node can participate in an connect small fees) so the main Bitcoin blockchain can remain unclogged by everyone's microtransactions and coffee purchases, avoiding the hypetcentralization that huge blocks will necessitate.
@_date: 2017-12-19 23:55:04
 - I can't use your wallet yet since Trezor support is still in the works (but soon!) ... but does your fee estimator currently adjust for reduced block weight when sending from a Segwit address (vs sending from legacy addresses) or do you have plans to do so in the future?
@_date: 2017-12-06 00:44:35
Everyone participating in the distributed Full Node network decides what Bitcoin "is".  Every full node cryptographically verifies every single transaction (and mined block) on the entire blockchain independently from the very beginning without trusting any other node to do it.  The Full Nodes *also* check to make sure every transaction follows the Consensus Rules defined in the software they are running.  If they receive any blocks/transactions that break consensus rules as *they* define them, they will not validate or relay those and will instead continue right along processing transactions and blocks that *do*.  This will continue regardless of how much hashing power or "proof of work" is built up in some other chain that doesn't follow consensus.  It's actually a common misconception that miners validate transactions or decide the rules that define what Bitcoin is.  They don't -- Full Nodes do, and you can easily run one yourself so you don't have to trust anyone else to decide for you.
This is how BCash still exists, by the way, even though they *don't* have more than 50% of the hashing power or more cumulative "proof of work".  They're running their *own* Full Nodes with a modified version of Bitcoin Core's software (they didn't write their own from scratch, it's open source so they just hired a couple of programmers to copy it and modify it a little) that validate blocks using their modified rules.
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:30:09
It's temporarily so because hardly anyone is actually using it, and because they recklessly doubled their block size.  It's the same reason some other altcoins have lower transaction fees right now, but that would change very quickly if they gained popularity.  Remember: exchange trades don't go on the block chain so it can look like there's a lot of movement without really testing the system.  Everyone knows just increasing block size forever is not a long term solution for scalability.  Improving efficiency (like Segwit) is better, and so is augmenting with second layer solutions like lightning network.  Bcash can't and won't implement Segwit to improve security and efficiency because it would hurt Jihan Wu's bottom line.  And without Segwit, things like the lightning network can't work.  BCash has no real future because it has no developer support.
@_date: 2017-12-04 22:44:26
Don't use Coinbase, then.  Gemini actually pre-credits ACH deposits up to $500 per day to your account, even though in reality it takes 4-5 days on average for the banks to actually clear the transaction to them.  You can start your deposit via ACH transfer there and Gemini will let you use it to buy Bitcoins literally seconds later.  They'll also give you access to wire transfers in any amount as soon as it processes, including same day if your bank expedites it.
I don't think Coinbase is doing anything shady, they're just being careful.  Until the bank you're transferring from fully clears your deposit it's possible someone could cancel it and they could lose the money.
Highly recommend you try another exchange; Coinbase is known as the first big "user friendly" place for people new to crypto, but most migrate away from there quickly.  They also have very high fees in comparison to others.
@_date: 2017-12-04 21:45:07
I think is pretty clear about the moderation rules -- this is intended as a place to discuss Bitcoin, not alt-coins.  If you want to talk altcoins that's fine, but go do it in or in the appropriate subreddit for whatever altcoin you're into.
@_date: 2017-12-03 17:54:02
Also Samurai doesn't hard hardware wallet integration support; supposedly they're working on it now/soon.  Another note: Electrum Desktop works with hardware wallets like Trezor, but as of the last time I checked their *Android* version *doesn't* support hardware wallets.  Also the android version of Electrum at least seems to give you a "bc1..." segwit address rather than "3..." which a lot of other wallets/services seem to have trouble with.
So yeah, for now I'm using GreenBits w/ Trezor on Android and that seems to work fine.  I'll probably try to switch to Samurai once they add Trezor support.
-- any updates on that hardware wallet support? :P
@_date: 2017-12-04 20:55:31
If it's a soft-fork (like when they added Segwit) then everyone is still using the same blockchain and thus the same Bitcoin, since the new features are "optional".
Hard forks have happened before: "Bitcoin Gold" and "Bitcoin Cash", for example.  Usually (not but necessarily) when these happen the new chain copies the history of the primary chain so anyone who owned Bitcoin at the time of the split ends up owning an equal number of the new coin as well.  Of course that doesn't mean anything if no one thinks the new coin has any value.  I could make my own hard fork of Bitcoin right now and call it "Bitcoin Nomad-Delta" and start mining it myself... but if no exchanges start trading it and no one believes it has any value, nothing happens.  Most attempted hard forks of Bitcoin thus far haven't really amounted to much and have fizzled in comparison to Bitcoin's continued growth.  I believe much of that has to do with the strength of BTC's open source distributed development team and their history of careful but continuous improvements after thorough testing to avoid disruption.
@_date: 2017-12-20 00:35:21
This is just their latest coordinated marketing attack + BCH pump.  Remember that a lot of the people who stand to gain if BCash wins &amp; gains centralization hold a *lot* of BTC (Roger Ver included) so they can influence the market a lot with coordinated sell-offs like this.
Me, I'm taking this opportunity to buy more BTC at a discount, we likely won't see prices this low again for a while... and I don't want to live in a world where Bitcoin is controlled by a powerful few like Roger Ver.
@_date: 2017-12-04 23:25:23
That would probably be the difference, then -- "wire transfers" between banks can usually happen same-day as long as you get the order in first thing in the morning and they expedite it.  I think our friend OP was trying to do an "ACH Transfer", which as Coinbase points out on their site can take up to 10 days to clear: 
@_date: 2017-12-03 06:02:55
Bitcoin *is* stable.  The USD &amp; fiat are *crashing*.  :)
@_date: 2017-12-17 00:07:55
Question: how long are you planning to hold, minimum, before selling?  If you're planning to HODL for at least a year or more (which you should) ... then trying to time price fluctuations right now *doesn't matter in the long run*.  Buying at 10% or 20% higher or lower right now is insignificant compared to where we may be one or two years for now.
The best time to buy Bitcoin is four years ago.  The *second best time to buy Bitcoin is* **right now**.
@_date: 2017-12-06 09:44:31
Not if he doesn't try to move all the donations one at a time rather than all once once in a single transaction.  Either way, he has a Patreon page instead because its an easier way for most people to set up small recurring donations.  You might also consider buying his books [The Internet of Money]( or [Mastering Bitcoin: Programming on the Blockchain](
@_date: 2017-12-07 00:38:59
And others would dance with joy at the prospect of being able to buy more at such a discount.  
@_date: 2017-12-15 07:50:56
what was your send address? was it Segwit? (starts with 3 or bc1) or was it legacy? (starts with a 1) ... legacy addresses don't get access to the increased block size Segwit allows and end up paying higher fees for longer transaction confirmation times.
@_date: 2017-12-05 07:43:10
Neat and all, but if significant hash power moves to BCH their new fast DAA will just adjust the difficultly *up* to maintain 10 minute blocks just like bitcoin does.
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:17:34
Can anyone name a single exchange (preferably that trades in USD) that has already fully implemented Segwit internally?  I haven't been able to find one.
@_date: 2017-12-06 09:18:10
Because it's obviously deceptive to hold on to a subreddit named with the ticker symbol of a project that the owners/moderators and vast majority of the userbase are publicly stating that they want to destroy?
@_date: 2017-12-05 20:11:54
Even if Tether and Bitfinex are the same, the company issuing the Tethers is still selling them to the general public for $1 each, meaning *someone* has received $1 for every Tether sold.  The only way to run that scam would be if they effectively "selling" a percentage of the total Tethers to *themselves* for $0 each... but if they were doing that, it seems even more unlikely that they sold 100% of all Tethers to themselves for free.  If they were taking, say, 10% off the top -- now we're talking $81 million instead of $817 million.  That would be... what...  0.04% of BTC's market cap.  Barely even a dent.
@_date: 2017-12-04 22:05:31
Hard to judge without seeing the actual content you were trying to post, but ok.  Maybe try messaging the mod team as recommends below to ask for clarification or make your case as to why they shouldn't have been removed?  Maybe you were somehow running afoul of the auto-mod, those have been known to run amok at times.  I do know the mod team has been having an exceptionally difficulty job lately due to both the massively increased traffic to lately *and* the huge barrage of FUD and "concern-trolling" posts from fans of certain altcoins.  The mods are just volunteers and I imagine are doing the best they can; it's a fine line to walk.
@_date: 2017-12-05 04:55:54
I'm running a Satoshi 15.1 full verifying node right now.  Currently second around 80 simultaneous connections.  A shockingly large number of the peers I see are reporting very old versions (pre-Segwit).
@_date: 2017-12-04 20:25:49
Everyone does.  Anyone who runs a Full Node is effectively stating what *they* think Bitcoin is.  You could run a modified full node right now yourself with your own version, but if you modify the "consensus rules" that say what Bitcoin 'is', it's likely everyone else in the world will continue along on the original chain.  If you convinced enough people to come along with you, though -- more than 51% maybe, then it's likely *that* will be considered "Bitcoin" because it was a consensus decision.  If other people want to continue following the original chain, that's fine too.  (That's a hard fork)
The other way is by "soft fork", meaning a change in functionality that *doesn't* break consensus rules and is still backwards compatible with the existing chain history.  This was done recently to add Segwit functionality, and most everyone agreed that was a good idea.  This is the beauty of Bitcoin and something commonly misunderstood about: it's not fixed in place with the original version.  It's an open source project with many developers and contributors actively working on improving it as we go to make it work better and improve scalability, reliability, security, etc.  If you have the skills and motivation you could contribute source code improvements to Bitcoin as well.  (It's a group effort though and any proposals are thoroughly reviewed and evaluated by the other contributors)
@_date: 2017-12-04 21:27:25
Rad, glad to hear it's going to be relatively soon! Looking forward to trying it out.  Let me know if you need any beta testers or anything before then. :P
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:08:22
Out of curiosity, why would they do this? Bitcoin isn't illegal.  Why should your bank care what you are spending your money on?
@_date: 2017-12-06 17:34:45
Oh wow. How about this: 
They just did a real life Lightning Network transaction on main-net using Bitcoin as a test.  Looks like we're really close, yeah?
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:23:22
No, there is not really any benefit to running more in a cluster, unless they are in physically separate locations on separate internet connections.  One node can service *many* connections and verifications, it's really more about internet bandwidth and by running more than one node on the same cluster you'd just be splitting your bandwidth between them and wasting power/resources.  I run mine on Linux in a Hyper-V VM.
@_date: 2017-12-18 05:15:21
The question asked was *"Where did you get this figure?"* and it doesn't seem like you answered that at all.  We're asking *where are you getting all this information that you are stating as fact?*  Could you provide links to your sources, articles about it, anything like that?
@_date: 2017-12-03 18:12:26
True, but people who run software / lightweight wallets rely on them.  People who are just starting running their own full node (or full validating wallet) also rely on them to sync their initial copy of the blockchain *and* to receive/relay new blocks and transactions from the network.  Even miners rely on them to validate their block solutions.  Full nodes are important and we should encourage anyone who has the resources to do in order to maintain the security and anti-fragility of Bitcoin.  Great work, team. :)
@_date: 2017-12-18 01:56:55
*Bitcoin can be split up smaller and smaller, and each piece is never "worthless"* -- true, but I'm not sure what your point is?  If you split 1 BTC into smaller and smaller pieces, each piece is worth...  exactly the value of whatever percent of a Bitcoin you divided it into?  How is this a problem?
If you own 1 BTC, the possibility of someone spending a Satoshi (0.00000001 BTC) does not make your 1 BTC any less valuable, because by owning 1 BTC you own 100,000,000 Satoshis.
Bitcoins *are* a scarce item, and this in fact is one of the most amazing things about them compared to "fiat" currency like the US dollar.  No one can ever just decide to "print" more Bitcoins, the math and rules are built in to the protocol and cannot be changed without worldwide consensus of decentralized full nodes.  (I'm running one in my garage, for example)
The US dollar, on the other hand, they print more and more all the time.  Remember the bank bailouts? They did that by magicking into existence $3.7 *trillion* dollars that didn't exist before.  Guess what happened to the value of the US dollars in your bank account when they did that?  If they'd just taken 20% of the money out of everyone's bank accounts and given it to the bankers, there would have been riots.  So instead they called it "quantitative easing" and just devalued everyone's money buy printing more.  Fiat currency is intentionally inflationary, they *want* it to lose value over time.
@_date: 2017-12-16 02:28:47
I'm guessing he meant Cramer is a joke, not Antonopoulos.  Probably referring to this: [Cramer says it's possible bitcoin could reach $1 million one day](
@_date: 2017-12-02 02:12:35
Yeah, that should work!  Segwit only really applies when the *sending* address is Segwit, no difference receiving from legacy to segwit, so if your mining pools aren't using Segwit hot wallets it won't make any difference in those fees anyway.
If you're going to use a PC based software wallet (like Bitcoin Core GUI) though, just be super careful to keep it safe.  If that's your daily driver PC that you surf the web &amp; check email on you're in danger of getting some kind of malware that keylogs your passphrase or steals your private key.  Seriously, if you're ever dealing with any more than a few hundred $ worth of BTC, just get a Trezor or Ledger.  Back up your private key mnemonic on paper and keep it in a safe or a safe deposit box or something.  Having private keys on a workstation PC that's connected to the internet is a huge risk.
@_date: 2017-12-01 18:40:57
OP: if your goal is to help verify transactions and help ensure the security and resiliency of the network, the thing you want to run is a **Full Node**.  It's actually a common misconception that *miners* verify Bitcoin transactions.  They don't -- Full Nodes do, and they're *much* less resource intensive.  People are even running them on Raspberry Pi devices.  You will need some hard drive space (At least 200GB or so, in order to download and store the full Bitcoin blockchain which is currently about 153 GB)  More information and instructions are available at [bitcoin.org](  You'll also need a lot of internet bandwidth available (metered or limited connections would not be good).
Now, on to your question about *lowering fees*.  Unfortunately adding full nodes does *not* help lower fees or process transactions faster.  Every full node in the world each checks and validations every transaction independently, without trusting any of the others, so adding full nodes doesn't speed anything up -- but it *does* make the network more resilient and safer from attack.  Full nodes also relay transactions from software "light" wallets to the network.  When miners successfully mine a block, the full nodes verify that they really did and add it to the blockchain if it checks out, along with a bundle of verified transactions up to 1MB.  The miner that won that block gets to pick which transactions get included in their block (generally choosing the ones offering highest fees) but they don't verify them.
Running a Bitcoin full node is also kind of like a "vote" in the distributed network, letting *you* decide what Bitcoin "is" and make sure everyone is following the same rules.  For example, if someone tried to submit transactions that didn't follow the consensus rules, say, giving themselves extra coins, or pretending the mining rules are different...  your full node along with all the others would simply mark their transactions as invalid and move along like nothing happened.  It's what makes Bitcoin work.  The work that the *miners* do does help secure the blockchain by providing cryptographic "Proof of Work" that can only be replicated by spending a equal amount of hashing power over an equal amount of time, which is borderline impossible to do, keeping Bitcoin safe from hostile takeover attacks.
@_date: 2017-12-17 20:33:58
OP: transferring from where? from Coinbase, or another exchange? if yes, that $16 is not a Bitcoin transaction fee.  Coinbase is charging you that, and it doesn't actually cost them anywhere near that much to actually send it.  Another user here suggested moving your coins to GDAX - which is the actual exchange behind the Coinbase "retail store" - same company.  GDAX doesn't charge fees for withdraws at all so that's probably your best bet.
there are also other exchanges such as Gemini that offer free withdraws of BTC, in that they pay the tax fee for you.  It costs them a lot less because they can bundle many transactions together.
@_date: 2017-12-03 00:33:54
This is the correct answer to the best of my knowledge.
@_date: 2017-12-06 08:00:13
Or if you're in Venezuela and your local currency suddenly became worthless because your government and economy fell apart.  Your 1000x inflated fiat still isn't going to buy you any food, but if you held some Bitcoin in reserve you could still redeem it on the international market for USD or whatever fiat is feeling stable to you at the moment.  Maybe even buy yourself a plane ticket out of there.
@_date: 2017-12-06 04:06:27
For ACH transfer there is sometimes a significant delay between when your bank removes the funds from your account and when they actually deposit it in the recipients account.  Gemini is actually *extremely* generous here because they allow you to spend the $500 per day ACH transfers immediately, long before they ever receive the funds, just trusting that you or your bank aren't going to rip them off.  Way better than Coinbase where you start an ACH deposit and it takes week before you can buy BTC at all.
If you want much faster deposits that clear same-day, try a Wire Transfer next time.  Your bank (not Gemini) will likely charge you a $20 fee for it, but you can spend it and withdraw immediately that same day if you request the transfer first thing in the morning.
@_date: 2017-12-16 02:13:51
I guess I should probably specify that I'm using GreenBits on Android specifically, with a Trezor as the hardware key.  I'm not sure if it works the same way with their other (iOS or Windows or Web) versions.  Highly recommend Trezor though if you're dealing with a significant amount of funds, it's *so* much safer.
@_date: 2017-12-15 18:53:52
we already implemented Segwit which allows blocks up to 2-4mb right now, but you have to opt in by using a wallet that uses Segwit.  Check your wallet send address - does it start with a 1? That means you're still on legacy and you're getting ripped off on high fees.  Segwit addresses usually start with a 3 or bc1.
Also if your exchange makes you pay fees to withdraw consider switching to one that doesn't, or at least one that uses Segwit hot wallet addresses so you don't get burned for their laziness not implementing Segwit.
@_date: 2017-12-16 03:19:14
hmm...  as far as I'm aware that PIN is just a thing you make locally on your device, not something that goes through GreenBits/GreenAddress?  Like you're not making an account with them, you're just making up a PIN to secure your software wallet locally.
Seriously though, if you're planning on keeping more than a few hundred dollars in this thing, I would *strongly* recommend a hardware wallet like Trezor or Ledger to keep your private keys safe.
Software wallets, whether they be on your phone or on your laptop are susceptible to malware that steals your private keys or steal your password / PIN with a keylogger as you enter it, etc.
Pretty much I wouldn't keep any more BTC in a "software wallet" that stores my private keys than an amount of paper cash I would feel comfortable having in my pocket while walking around a sketchy part of the city.  :)
What are you seeing that makes you think it's connecting to GreenAddress servers, though?
@_date: 2017-12-15 22:56:05
what makes you think it is Segwit? what number do your addresses start with? (1, 3, bc1 ?)
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:38:46
Sure, but so does buying gold or keeping your money under your mattress.  I just wonder what legal justification they're using to arbitrarily close people's accounts.
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:30:39
Good point; I think that's not entirely permanent, there don't seem to be many wallets supporting bc1* yet, so a lot of software simply doesn't recognize it as a valid address.
@_date: 2017-12-06 08:22:51
I have to agree, there's no excuse for that sort of behavior.  would you consider deleting the deceptive subreddit and/or handing over the moderation of it to the "Bitcoin Cash" people? Maybe we can work out a trade where they consider doing the same thing with since that's Bitcoin's ticker symbol and they can all go hang out in or instead?
Can any of the mods here at comment on why this link was supposedly included in the sticky and/or why it was eventually removed?
We should all try to hold each other to higher standards than this.
@_date: 2017-12-06 08:31:49
As I've replied to the others that pointed out the same, I completely agree that sub shouldn't exist and that the person who started it should transfer ownership to someone over at "Bitcoin Cash".  Would the mods over at be willing to consider a trade for since that's Bitcoin's ticker symbol? Seems fair?
@_date: 2017-12-03 14:53:35
Ohh! That's fine, I spend my bitcoins too wherever I can.  I just make sure to always buy more to replace what I spend so I never have less than I did before.
@_date: 2017-12-04 06:15:51
you could even just print out the QR code on paper and bring that.
@_date: 2017-12-05 07:54:32
This is the correct answer.  If the block rewards are no longer enough to entice miners and hashing power moves away, the difficulty algorithm will adjust down so that blocks are still found every ten minutes or so.  If there are fewer miners online, that means more transaction fees spread among fewer miners = more money on average for those that remain.
I also think the notion of "mining the last Bitcoin" isn't entirely accurate.  The block reward *halves* every 21000 blocks.  We're at 12.5 BTC now.  I don't think it will just disappear after it reaches 1 BTC per many decades from now.  It will just halve again to 0.5 BTC.  Which if that far in the future 1 BTC = say $10000 ... That'd still be $50k per block.  If it continues halving it will never go away entirely, just keep getting smaller.
@_date: 2017-12-05 06:30:24
From what I gather he was alright back in the day, back when he was pumping the thing (Bitcoin) that made him rich. But then it wasn't enough, he got even more greedy and decided the wealth wasn't enough for him, he wanted power and control as well.  Thus, BCash: his own personal fork of Bitcoin where he and his rich buddies make the rules.
Personally I think he's a terrible person at least from all the behavior I've seen.  He really believes that he's better than everyone *because* he's rich and says things out loud to the effect of "your opinion doesn't matter because my net work is higher than yours".
I would treat anything that he's pushing with suspicion because he is obviously just trying to get more for himself and doesn't seem to care how many people he hurts or what damage he does to the community in the process.
@_date: 2017-12-02 08:05:40
Don't worry everyone, if 11 starts to falter, I'm prepared with a secret weapon...  [Number Eleven](
@_date: 2017-12-05 15:12:25
You think they're outright lying here where they say all tethers are backed 1:1 with real USD in their [reserve]( also here on their [Transparency page]( where they say the same and state that they are regularly audited and even list the continuously changing amounts of cash reserves they have on hand at any particular time? (Edit: fixing links)
@_date: 2017-12-11 23:37:59
Why on earth would I want to convert my Bitcoin into inflationary fiat currency that loses value over time rather than gains it?  Sounds like a losing proposition to me.  Seriously though, I don't ever plan to "sell" in the "cash out" sense, that's crazy.  Instead I might decide to convert Bitcoins into major purchases along the way like a house or a car.  
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:34:00
This [third party audit]( by [Friedman LLP]( isn't sufficient?
@_date: 2017-12-07 04:47:35
Important to note this is only for up to $500 per day, but it's awesome and one of the main reasons I use Gemini.  If you need to move more an expedited wire transfer from your back first thing in the morning (East coast time, the moment they open) is your best bet.
@_date: 2017-12-06 02:06:12
Note that if you simply import your keys from old hardware wallet to new Trezor, I'm pretty sure you'll still have a legacy wallet.  You're going to want to create a *new* wallet with new private keys on the Trezor (in Segwit mode) and then *move* your funds to the new wallet.  Sadly that means you'll need to pay a legacy transaction fee one last time, but never again after that.
@_date: 2017-12-03 21:09:01
Have you considered that maybe those "known traders" just want people like you to sell so that they can buy them all up at a cheaper price?
@_date: 2017-12-20 00:23:51
if your BTC holdings are in your account on Coinbase, then the "transaction fees" people are talking about don't apply to you, so don't worry about that.  I *would* consider moving your BTC to [GDAX]( which is the same company as Coinbase but is their *real* exchange where all the trading happens, rather than their front page "retail store" for noobs.  It has lower *trading fees* and I think has free BTC withdraws if you want to move to a wallet?
Bitcoin price dips happen all the time, and we've become somewhat used to these coordinated marketing attack + pump &amp; dump efforts by the BCash people whenever there's a difficulty algorithm adjustment.  I personally am using this opportunity to **buy** some more BTC at a discounted price because I'm investing in the cryptocurrency that has the best open source development team with long-term security and real decentralization in mind.
@_date: 2017-12-06 04:50:44
IT pro here too, mostly of the systems/network engineer variety.  Keep fighting the good fight, friend. :)
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:42:07
Anywhere but Coinbase/GDAX, they just engaged in blatant insider trading / market manipulation &amp; are under investigation.
If you're in the USA I can highly recommend Gemini, I trade with them and they've always been solid &amp; reputable.
Note: an exchange is not a wallet.  Until you get familiar with the technology and how to handle your own security, Gemini with 2-factor auth enabled is probably a safe enough place to hold a small amount of Bitcoin.  If you are planning to hold significant amounts though I would strongly recommend a hardware wallet like Trezor or Ledger, and learn how to use it properly.
@_date: 2017-12-02 08:20:24
I'll do my best, SIR! Shit, my MemeLauncher is empty... all I've got left is this [Eleven Video](  I guess this is the end, sir.  Tell my kids I love them.
@_date: 2017-12-18 04:54:21
It's not that the exchanges are "communicating with each other via APIs" to keep their prices similar... the moment-to-moment prices on any exchange are simply based on what prices traders are willing to buy/sell for on that exchange at that moment.
Since most traders (myself included) are paying attention to current prices on *many* exchanges (not just one) ... when there's a big price change on one, the others are likely to follow suit.  Imagine you had some BTC in your wallet that you wanted to sell...  you could watch the prices on GDAX, Gemini, and any other exchanges where you might have accounts ... and whichever one is currently trading the highest price, you could move your coins there and sell.
Or imagine you wanted to buy some Bitcoins...  you could again look at all the exchanges you have access to and buy from the one currently trading the lowest price at that moment.
The article's point about it being difficult to 'arbitrage' trade between exchanges is mostly incorrect as well, although not entirely.  They say it's because it's difficult to move BTC between exchanges and you have to pay fees... but many exchanges (including GDAX and Gemini) have free withdraws where they pay the fees *for* you, so that's moot.  Moving BTC between exchanges is fast &amp; easy in most cases...  but moving USD $, now *that* is hard.  You're going to need to wait probably a day or more and pay $20-$30 in wire transfer fees at minimum.
@_date: 2017-12-02 07:09:24
I also wonder who this slacker lady is that doesn't get out of bed until 11 o'clock in the morning.
@_date: 2017-11-19 02:45:24
Gemini *does* on the other hand allow you to use deposited funds from your *immediately* the very second you initiate the transfer, even though it's not going to clear from your bank for several days.  This is extremely useful if you're trying to deposit funds to buy BTC on short notice during a dip.
@_date: 2017-11-18 18:46:06
And also Bitcoin.com isn't Bitcoin.  The real site is Bitcoin.org.  That other one is designed to trick new users into buying their altcoin and is run by some shady people that want BTC to fail so they can profit.
@_date: 2017-11-25 19:40:57
Hi Otto -- welcome to Bitcoin! To answer your question, one generally "buys" bitcoin using an online exchange service such as [Gemini]( or [GDAX](  If you're outside the USA you'll probably want to use an exchange based in your country &amp; local currency.  You'll need to create an account with your exchange and likely go through a verification process (send photo ID, etc) so that you can transfer money from a bank account.  You can then use those funds to purchase Bitcoin on the exchange.
It's important to note that an exchange account is *not* a wallet.  Bitcoins in your exchange account are just an "IOU" from the exchange saying they owe you bitcoins.  If you're not actively trading you should transfer them to your *wallet*.  If you're dealing with small amounts you could use a software wallet like [Electrum]( which supports Segwit.  If you're dealing with large amounts I'd suggest getting a *hardware wallet* like a [Trezor]( or [Ledger Nano S]( for vastly improved security.  I'd also strongly recommend testing out your software/hardware wallet and getting familiar with how it works by sending some very small value transactions so you're comfortable and confident with it before you try sending larger amounts.
@_date: 2017-11-14 08:31:12
I don't think there are any legitimate exchanges online that will let you transfer funds without ID verification.  I think your best bet is to try LocalBitcoins:   You can find someone local to trade with in cash.  Downside is most of the offers on Local are at a pretty steep premium on top of the current online market rate.  Up to you whether the anonymity is worth the extra $.
@_date: 2017-11-19 08:04:15
Yes, for a very simple reason: if you're using CoinBase, you don't actually own any Bitcoin at all.  CoinBase owns the coin, and you just have an account with them... if they get hacked (think MtGox) or your CoinBase account gets hacked (say, you get malware/keylogger any device/computer/phone that you use to log in to your CoinBase account *even once*) ... then you lose all your Bitcoin.  Electrum is better because at least you own your Bitcoin (that is, you hold the private key instead of CoinBase) -- but again, if you get malware on the device where you run Electrum, you lose all your Bitcoin.
Here's where hardware wallets like Trezor come in: it's an air-gapped device.  You generate a new private/public key combo on the Trezor directly.  The Trezor stores your private key internally.  It generates a mnemonic (24 words) which you can write down and keep in a safe/deposit box as a backup, and you assign a PIN to unlock it.  Then when you want to do transactions, you plug your Trezor into your phone/computer and it connects to whatever software wallet you like to use.  Here's the important part: the private key and PIN *never* leave the Trezor.  Your phone/PC/software wallet can't touch them.  It's simply the interface for sending the transaction, but the secret stays safe inside your decide so even if your phone/wallet are compromised by malware, your private key and coins remain safe.
@_date: 2017-11-30 10:00:26
I'm just waiting for Samurai to add support for hardware wallets like Trezor and Ledger, then I'm switching.  Right now I'm just using GreenBits because it's one of the few that does SegWit (cannot live without!) and also supports hardware wallets.
@_date: 2017-11-13 04:33:45
I believe that is the way it works, yes.  (If anyone knows better than me, please correct me here)  Otherwise having the option to "replace by fee" ( wouldn't make any sense.
@_date: 2017-11-21 07:45:56
I agree this is a big problem.  It seems like there are a *lot* of wallet apps out there with miserably inaccurate and misleading fee estimators.
@_date: 2017-11-13 21:57:14
Or, put your money where your principles are and switch to an exchange that already has implemented Segwit.  I've been using Gemini for a long time and have always had a good experience with them.  They implemented Segwit way back in March 2017.  There's a full list of companies/software that already supports Segwit, here: 
@_date: 2017-11-26 02:37:05
@_date: 2017-11-25 17:56:07
Completely agree and highly recommend this approach: test it yourself with small inconsequential transfer amounts until you're confident that you understand how it works before making a large move.  Also if you're using a website or software wallet at any point to get an address, try to verify that address on a second trusted device before making large moves.  There is malware out there that looks for crypto currency addresses and replaces what you see on your screen with their address to steal your funds.
@_date: 2017-11-25 06:34:42
I just ran a "du -h" command in the ./bitcoin/blocks folder on the Satoshi 0.15.1 full node I just spun up recently, and it's reporting 153 GB after fully synchronizing.  Also, good on you for wanting to run a node!  Contrary to some other opinions you might see here, there are many good reasons to run a full node.  One of the most important for me is that running a full node essentially acts like a *vote* on the Bitcoin network.  When someone tries to hard fork, your node will only consider the version of Bitcoin you are running (Satoshi 0.15.1 is the latest Bitcoin Core release) to be "real" and will not validate transactions that do not follow the rules.  I firmly believe that if you strongly care about the decentralized future of Bitcoin and you have the means to do so, you should try to run a full node.  You can also use the wallet built in to your node to conduct &amp; validate transactions without having to trust *other* nodes to do it for you.
@_date: 2017-11-26 09:38:53
Yeah I think something that people frequently forget when talking about increasing block size is that the block chain ledger only ever gets *bigger*.  If we play fast and loose with the block size rather than carefully stewarding it and choosing to optimize and be more efficient with it first, the total size could spiral out of control as the adoption rate of Bitcoin increases.
@_date: 2017-11-29 22:07:07
Gemini for example has vastly higher deposit/purchasing limits for institutional investors compared to individuals.  Like $100000 per month or something I think.  And I'm sure if you have a lot more money than that you can work out a special arrangement with many exchanges.
@_date: 2017-11-29 19:12:19
OP, if your wallet is showing that your transactions have been broadcast through *zero* nodes, that means your wallet hasn't actually sent the transaction to the network *at all* yet.  Can we ask what wallet software you're using?
@_date: 2017-11-29 23:21:18
I have a Trezor ( and have been quite happy with it.  Also note: your wallet, whether it be hardware or software doesn't actually *store your bitcoins*.  It's just a (hopefully) secure way of storing your public/private keys which give you access to your bitcoins.  Your Bitcoins and the fact that you (the owner of the corresponding private key) own them are actually stored in the decentralized blockchain ledger that every full node in the world has a complete verified copy of.
@_date: 2017-11-14 05:24:08
How is it not under your control?  Are you using some kind of crazy wallet that doesn't let you adjust your fees?  You're trying to move $10000 while only paying $0.59 in fees during a time of large market fluctuations and huge numbers of transactions... while paying 0.0059% of your transaction value to do it?  If your wallet doesn't have a good/reliable fee estimator that uses current market values, try using an online tool like  or   (If anyone knows any better ones, please post those too)
@_date: 2017-11-25 06:09:33
Sure, but there isn't really any need or particular advantage to buying a "whole bitcoin" apart from the psychological value.  Buying 0.5 or 0.1 or 0.005 or whatever you can afford is just as good.
@_date: 2017-11-14 18:49:11
You can already get lower fees and faster transaction times on Bitcoin right now, today -- just use a wallet &amp; exchange that have implemented Segwit support.  Here's a list:   Both sides of the transaction need to support Segwit for it to work, so if you're using an exchange that doesn't you should contact them and request that they implement it ASAP or switch to an exchange that already does.  With Segwit enabled you effectively get 1.7mb per block instead of 1.0mb.
@_date: 2017-11-30 09:28:43
Another excellent question! One thing to know is that the miners (contrary to somewhat common belief) don't actually "validate" transactions.  Full Nodes (which are much easier to run and don't require anywhere near as much power as mining does -- lots of people actually operate full nodes on Raspberry Pi devices) validate the transactions.  They do this by each one keeping a complete copy of the *blockchain*, which is kind of like a ledger with a cryptographically signed record of every single transaction that has ever occurred since the very beginning of Bitcoin.  Every node validates every transaction independently so there is no need to "trust" each other, and there's no need for a central authority (like the bank or the government) to validate and maintain the books.  The validation done by simply checking that the bitcoin address they're sending from has adequate funds in it and that the receiving address is a valid one.
When a miner finds the solution to essentially a very difficult math problem that all the other miners were racing to solve, they broadcast their answer to the Bitcoin full-node network as fast as they can.  The math problem for mining (hashing SHA256) is designed to be extremely and increasingly difficult to find the solution to and it can only be done by trying random 'guesses' over and over and checking to see if they're correct.  Once someone has found the right solution, though, it's then quick and easy for all the full nodes to "check their math" and confirm that it's correct.
After validating that their solution is correct, my full node will then mark it as such and write a new "block" to the blockchain indicating what miner won that block and gets the BTC reward for it.  The miner then gets to choose a stack of pending transactions from the queue and include them in 'their' block to they go into the ledger and become official.  Each block is 1MB in size and the miners will generally choose transactions that offer the highest fees to go first.  A new block is found about every 10 minutes, and the difficulty algorithm continuously adjusts so that will remain to be true even if vastly more miners w/ greater hashing power join.
Finally on to your question about when there are no more bitcoin left to mine (21 million is the max cap):  for one, it's going to be a very long time before we get close to that.  This is because every 210000 blocks the reward that miners receive is cut in half, and the difficulty of finding the next one increases.  Right now we're at 12.5 new bitcoins minted as a reward for each block.  It's estimated to halve again sometime in the year 2020.  It will keep halving and difficulty increasing over time so that as we get down to the last handful of coins being mined it will take longer and longer to do.  By that point though one can imagine the price of one BTC being stupendously higher than now so it will still likely be worth it.  When the mine-able BTC finally runs out, though, there will still be incentive to mine for blocks in order to win the transaction fee 'tips' attached.
@_date: 2017-11-29 23:25:46
Coinbase/GDAX were down for a bit.  Gemini has been having trouble all day.  It seems a *lot* of the major exchanges are all having trouble.  Coinbase was reporting something like 10x normal/previously seen traffic today.  Plus I think there was a domino effect where one exchange going down causes people to flood into the others, increasing their traffic and dragging them down too.  Hopefully this spurs them all to improve their infrastructure and fast.
@_date: 2017-11-30 08:08:31
I kinda suspected you might :) figure there's a big influx of newcomers in here lately so hopefully it'll be helpful information for someone else.  We're all stronger if all of us are more informed about how this crazy thing really works.
@_date: 2017-11-18 00:54:09
I've been using Gemini and have been quite happy with them.  They only trade USD/BTC/ETH but that's all I touch anyway and they haven't done me wrong so far.  Reasonable fees compared to a lot of others, too, and free withdrawals (within reason).
@_date: 2017-11-15 23:08:45
I'm looking at my Electrum on Android right now and you just create a new wallet from the menu, name it, select "Standard Wallet", then select "Create a new seed", and on the next screen it asks whether you want a Standard or SegWit wallet.
@_date: 2017-11-26 01:49:51
Nah, this would imply that there wasn't any further left to go... and as tall as Everest is, it's not anywhere *near* The Moon. :)
@_date: 2017-11-25 06:52:27
Agreed; if you want advice on what exchange to use and that sort of thing, we're going to at least need to know what country you live in and what local currency you're working with.  If you're in the US for example I can recommend Gemini exchange.  They've been reliable and have comparatively low fees.
@_date: 2017-11-30 07:25:43
Something good to know (you may already) is that your Bitcoin 'wallet' whether it's hardware or software or paper... Does not actually 'contain' your Bitcoins.  A wallet is really just a (hopefully) secure place to store your private key.  Your Bitcoins (and everyone else's) are actually stored in the blockchain ledger itself along with every transaction that has ever happened since the beginning.  The private key in your wallet is just a way of proving to the decentralized network that those coins belong to you.  That's why if you ever lose your private key, those coins are gone forever: they're really still there in the blockchain, but without the corresponding private key no one will ever be able to access them again.
@_date: 2017-11-25 06:56:05
If your private keys are stored on *any* device (a phone, a laptop, a desktop PC, a server, whatever) and that device becomes compromised in some way (malware, keylogger, phishing, etc) ... then your private keys are compromised and your bitcoins are stolen.  A hardware key is superior because if designed and used correctly your private keys are air-gapped and never leave the hardware key even when you use it to sign/authorize transactions on your phone/laptop bitcoin wallet.
@_date: 2017-11-19 07:33:36
An additional note -- when you do a transaction with your exchange, check the address they use for input/output on their end.  If it doesn't start with a 3, *they're* not using Segwit for their hot wallets and you should contact them requesting that they start doing so as soon as possible as it will help the entire network reduce congestion (and thus reduce mempool backlog, and fees) for everyone.
@_date: 2017-11-27 23:51:23
I'd be fine with enough people cashing out to dip the price on BTC back down for a little while.  Lots of us would love to buy a lot more at prices below 9000 or 8000 or OMG I would do a little dance 6000 again.  I fear we will never see those tasty low prices on BTC ever again, but I'll be delighted to snag them if we do.  Roger Ver might think dropping the price on BTC for a little while will help his BCash nonsense pretend more legitimacy, but I and many others will never buy into his blatant power grab attempt just to make a quick buck at the expense of the long term future of Bitcoin and crypto itself.
@_date: 2017-11-27 07:04:38
What have you actually lost if the price tanks? Have you invested money that you need right away? Do you still think Bitcoin has a strong future and will continue to grow in the long run? Remember, you haven't actually lost anything until you sell, no matter how deep the dip, as long as the price eventually comes back up.  No one can predict the future, but I'm betting it will.  Stay strong and HODL, friends.
@_date: 2017-11-14 07:46:43
It's not illogical to want a Bitcoin core that has low fees *and* fast transaction times.  Bitcoin was that way not that long ago, and the core developers are actively working on implementing new tech to make that happen.  Sadly they've had to divert their resources for the last many months to make the Bitcoin network more resilient to survive the BCash fork and related attacks.  Now that that's over, they can go back to working on things to improve the transaction/fee situation.
@_date: 2017-11-14 18:35:37
You did, that other coin hardforked yesterday (11/13/2017) to replace their crazy EDA with their new DAA... but nothing much has happened since then.  BTC value has gone up a bit while theirs has mostly stayed flat.  No mass exodus or second pump attempt seems to have occurred at all.  Per their own website it's currently 23.8% more profitable to mine Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-13 20:35:40
eh, I think Google *does* track what link people click through the most when they do a search for something...  so it might actually help a little if everyone goes and searches for "Bitcoin" and then clicks through to the bitcoin.org link (and not the other one)
@_date: 2017-11-29 22:08:11
I use Gemini and they've been good, outages notwithstanding, although it seems like *all* the exchanges are having outages today.
@_date: 2017-11-30 08:43:56
uh, sure! just um... send me your private keys and I deposit 250 shares of the Future of Money into your account. :D
@_date: 2017-11-29 18:43:03
OP, do you know *how* new Bitcoins are "released into the market"?
@_date: 2017-11-12 23:40:54
For a standard "basic" transaction with 1 input and 2 outputs (approx 250 bytes) that's about $0.29.
@_date: 2017-11-25 06:51:10
This, exactly this -- as long as always buy enough new bitcoin to replace whatever you spend every month, you're never going to lose any of the "investment value".  Even better, buy a little more than you spend each time if you can, and you'll always end up better off in the long run.
@_date: 2017-11-13 00:54:52
Dang, chill dude.  :)  I'm pretty sure that guy was just legitimately asking a question because he didn't know how it works -- not someone trying to spread FUD with ulterior motives.
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:47:06
The advice here about not keeping your coins in an exchange for any longer than you need to for active trading purposes is correct. (Go read about Mt. Gox if you want to know why)  If you're looking at 7 BTC  or more you **definitely** want a hardware wallet like a [Trezor](  It didn't sound like you were asking about that though but rather trying to find an exchange that will let you deposit/withdraw large amounts without daily limits getting in the way.  
@_date: 2017-11-27 07:09:03
If it starts with a 3, that's great news! That means you have a Segwit wallet address.  Transactions you send from that wallet will take up less space on the block chain, and thus they will generally get confirmed faster and with lower fees.  Also you're helping the entire Bitcoin network run smoother and more securely.  If your interested, here's an article about Segwit, why it was implemented, and how it helps: 
@_date: 2017-11-25 17:50:44
I can confirm this is true for Bitcoin.  Bitcoin core added support for Segwit back in August 2017 (iirc).  It works great and I've been using Segwit wallets and addresses for months with no issues sending to and from both legacy addresses and other Segwit addresses.  I can't say for LiteCoin though, I've never used it.
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:08:51
[HODL THE DOOR!] (
@_date: 2017-11-30 08:02:02
Not "took" but rather Satoshi may have mined somewhere around that number back in the beginning when the block rewards were higher and CPU mining was still profitable.  So if he did he earned them in the same way miners have earned all of the 16 million Bitcoins currently in existence.  So far though Satoshi has remained anonymous and silent.  Some have claimed to be him along the way but all have failed to prove it - a thing that easily be fine by proving access to his private keys.  (Craig Wright is one such pretender). At this point I think the most accepted theory is that Satoshi died some years back and that his keys (and thus those million Bitcoins) are lost forever.
@_date: 2017-11-13 20:57:19
Since the altcoin's difficulty adjustment hardfork is about to take effect, I was thinking it might help if a bunch of us that don't have our own ASIC mining farm instead went to NiceHash where you can pay other people with ASIC mining farms to hash *for* you.   It's pretty easy to open an account there, transfer in some BTC, and use that to hire other miners to hash BTC for you.   You get to pick what pool (say, Slush?) you want them to direct the hashing power to, and you get to keep the resulting profit in your Slush (or wherever) account.  What does everyone think?
@_date: 2017-11-13 21:03:39
Maybe, but it hasn't happened yet and until it does (if it does) it would be a way for those of us who can't mine directly to help the BTC network survive the attack and even turn a profit while we're doing it.  I keep seeing people asking if running a full node will help (it won't really, as far as I know) -- this could be a way that actually will.  Even if the SHA-256 bidding price on NiceHash does go up a bit, you still get to keep the resulting coins, and if we're all betting that BTC is going to win in the long run, you'll still make a profit when BTC increases value after the attack fails.
@_date: 2017-11-21 16:07:22
You can start by using and supporting wallets and exchanges that have already implemented Segwit support, and/or contacting your current ones and telling them you really want that feature.
@_date: 2017-11-15 16:11:47
You don't need to buy one, they're free, just use a wallet (like Electrum 3.0.2) that supports Segwit.  Preferably also use an exchange that supports Segwit.  Here's a list: 
@_date: 2017-11-29 18:49:07
I use Gemini; they have **no limits** on deposits via wire transfer.  They also have a Bank ACH deposit that allows $500 per day and up to $15000 per month... but the great thing about it is that they allow you to spend ACH transfer money to buy coins *immediately* even though it actually takes several days to clear.  Here's the info: 
@_date: 2017-11-25 23:52:31
And how do you get your fiat into this no-fee exchange? Wire transfer from your bank to your exchange? [The average outbound domestic wire transfer fee is $25](
@_date: 2017-11-30 09:57:59
It's also commonly thought to be an acronym for Hold On for Dear Life!  Also: [HODLOR!](
@_date: 2017-11-27 23:46:01
Hey, if everyone keeps asking over time maybe they'll think about it. :)
@_date: 2017-11-21 21:40:47
Let's see... maybe because they're heavily invested in fiat?  Perhaps because the government tells/forces/pays them to because without fiat the government loses power?  Or existing financial institutions could pay telecom companies to do it because they stand to lose everything if decentralized crypto-currencies become mainstream.  Lots of scenarios I can think of and I'm not even that creative.
@_date: 2017-11-14 18:31:12
explanation is pretty solid.  Also it's important to understand that the voluntary fee you add to your transaction doesn't go to "Bitcoin", but rather to the bitcoin miner (or mining pool) that mines the next block and decides to include your transaction request in it.  There's only so much space in each block, so the miners tend to pick transactions with the highest fees attached to include in theirs.  One thing you can do to help your transactions go through faster and with lower fees (especially in times of extremely high trading volume like now) is to use a wallet and exchange service that supports SegWit.  Here's a list of known software/exchanges that already do:   Lucky for you Gemini added SegWit support way back in March 2017, so you're all set there.  SegWit effectively increases the available size per block from 1.0mb to 1.7mb, but only a very small percentage (10%?) of transactions are using it so far.  Also the reason you're not getting charged any fee when withdrawing from Gemini is because they give you 30 free withdrawal transactions per month by policy.  Gemini is actually paying the bitcoin transaction fee to send to your wallet for you in that case. (I also use Gemini and have been quite happy with them.)
@_date: 2017-11-25 23:38:10
Question: what software or system are you using to process and validate the transactions? I'm curious if there's a really good point of sale type system already available that we can recommend to merchants that want to start accepting bitcoin with a minimum of fuss.  Thanks!
@_date: 2017-11-27 06:19:18
Right there with ya, friend.  I spend bitcoin directly where I can already but I always make sure to immediately buy at least as much or more when I do.  A wise man once said, "Never own less Bitcoin than you do right now."
@_date: 2017-11-18 02:17:53
I agree, it really should.  We're all better off if more people better understand the new technology improvements &amp; functionality that is in the works for Bitcoin (and in this case is already being tested right now)
@_date: 2017-11-18 01:03:01
I believe Bitfinex recorded at least one trade over 8000 at the peak, but only for a hot minute before it dropped back under again.  Here's a screenshot from Bitfinex showing BTC high of $8040: 
@_date: 2017-11-30 09:54:43
Could have something to do with the massive influx of new users.  Coinbase reported over 100000 new users in just 24 hours earlier this month.  I also read that yesterday they were seeing 8x the website traffic than they ever had previously.  Once Coinbase/GDAX went down, many traders there quickly moved to their accounts at other smaller exchanges... flooding them with traffic and creating a domino effect that took down many others.
@_date: 2017-11-19 10:23:25
Their firmware upgrades are officially signed with their Master Key, and they have pretty serious safeguards in place to make sure that stays safe.  It would require multiple authorized people to sign off on a compromised firmware there.  Not impossible but highly unlikely.  Even then, your Trezor will not ever install a firmware upgrade unless you authorize it, so you could always wait a while on new firmware upgrades just in case.  Trezor has been around for a long time and is well respected and trusted, though.
@_date: 2017-11-30 09:44:18
yeah that's wack, can we ask what exchange you use?  Exchanges should be including adequate transaction fees for your withdrawals to process quickly.  Also they generally bundle *many* withdrawals into a single transaction with many inputs/outputs so save space and money on the fees.
@_date: 2017-11-30 09:01:06
On most exchanges you will generally place a "Limit Order", which is a request to "buy or sell a a quantity at a specific price or better".  If there is not currently any "sell" order to either partially or fully fill your request at the time, your order will be added to the exchanges "order book" -- which is just a list/table of all currently standing limit orders everyone else has placed.  It will be filled either bits at a time or all at once as other people place orders that match up with your price, as long as there are no better offers in front of yours in the book.  If on the other hand there are already "sell" orders in the books at the time you place a "buy" order that are within your limit price, the exchange will *immediately* fill those orders.  So if for example there is one sell order for 1 BTC at $10000, and another for 2 BTC at $11000, and another for 3 BTC at $12000... and you place an order to buy 6 BTC at a limit price of $11500... your order will go through immediately buying you 3 BTC at the *seller's* listed price.  The remainder of your unfilled order (3 BTC for $11500) will then go on the books and sit there until someone places a new sell order that fills it.  Or it could never fill if the price continues going up from there and no one is willing to sell lower anymore.
@_date: 2017-11-29 10:17:50
Gemini does.
@_date: 2017-11-21 19:28:06
If it wouldn't be profitable, why are all the big telecoms so desperate to be able to to do it?  At the moment it's less about targeting specific ports or protocols and rather about boosting their own content while making it more difficult/impossible to access their competition's content...  but that could change.  If they decide it's in their interest to interfere with cryptocurrency, try to make decentralization impossible, etc -- they will try.
@_date: 2017-11-29 23:01:22
[Leeloo Dallas MultBit.](
@_date: 2017-11-14 19:06:33
If you're selling your ASIC mining power for SHA256 hashing and someone buys a BTC mining contract, then yes?  Although you still get paid whatever they bid for the contract, so just make sure you do the math and decide what's profitable for you.
@_date: 2017-11-21 07:42:19
That is a very good question.  BlockExplorer says block # 491424 was mined on Oct 23, 2017.  Didn't the "Bitcoin Gold" hard fork happen at block 491407, that very same day?  
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:42:01
Gemini has low fees and no limits for wire transfer deposits or withdraws. 
@_date: 2017-11-13 22:07:07
Bitcoin (BTC) has actually already implemented Segwit (item) in many places, but not all exchanges/wallets/software have updated to support Segwit yet.  You can help (and benefit from faster transactions with lower fees yourself right away) by switching to an exchange/wallet that supports Segwit already:  
@_date: 2017-11-25 07:15:39
Let's see... do you know which version of bitcoind you're running? Most recent stable is Satoshi 0.15.1 I believe.  Next, can you verify that your firewall is allowing port 8333 connections from outside &amp; is forwarding them to your node? (Maybe try telnet to your IP on port 8333 from an outside internet connection)
@_date: 2017-11-30 06:20:02
Exactly. I don't think about it as investing in Bitcoin just as a currency or store of value.  I'm also investing in a worldwide secure trustless distributed financial transaction system that has the potential to replace banks and also the likes of Visa and MasterCard and PayPal.  You can also think of your Bitcoin as "shares" in a competitor to those industries.  Judge it on its technology and decide whether it's a good investment.
@_date: 2017-11-25 07:57:44
Yeah I think I agree it sounds like a problem with bitnodes rather than your node.  They're currently showing my node as online so they're not completely broken, at least.  You might check your peers to see who is connecting to you and with what versions, just out of curiosity.  (bitcoin-cli getpeerinfo)
@_date: 2017-11-14 07:30:45
I really don't think there's anything wrong with complaining about high fees and long transaction times -- it's a legitimate gripe.  But I do think I agree with the core devs on this one: it's more important to take their time and get the scaling solution *right* so Bitcoin remains secure and viable.  If they rush it and introduce bugs or security vulnerabilities it could destroy the whole thing.  Also while Segwit is starting to be supported, we haven't yet seen anywhere near the full benefit yet since only like 10% of transactions are actually using it so far.  Everyone can help there by switching to wallets and exchanges that have already implemented Segwit: 
@_date: 2017-11-22 01:29:57
Fair enough. :)  I think it's normal for a lot of people to *also* be excited that Bitcoin is an excellent long-term investment and I can't blame anyone for that.  I agree we shouldn't lose sight of how important it is to retain the ability to send transactions large or small around the world without high fees.  It's still pretty amazing right now, I can send hundreds or thousands (or millions?) of dollars around the world for $0.50 or less.  That's wonderful.  It'd be even better with widespread Segwit adoption.  We're at 10% of transactions using Segwit right now.  Imagine what 90% would be like?
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:02:13
yeah I think Electrum really jumped the gun steaming ahead with the bech32 addresses... adding it would have been fine as long as they also retained the ability to create a BIP173 address and let you choose when setting it up.  I tried to set a friend up with Electrum the other day and was going to send him some Satoshis to show him how it worked, but it failed because the GreenBits wallet I was using (to work with my Trezor) didn't recognize the bech32 yet.  Had to have him install a different wallet instead.  I'm really just waiting for Samurai to add hardware wallet support.
@_date: 2017-11-29 19:32:52
Gemini is having trouble as well.  Downside to exponential growth is exponentially more traffic as well, which is hard to plan/build for I guess.
@_date: 2017-11-26 05:06:58
Sounds nice, I'll meet you guys there.
@_date: 2017-11-29 21:13:11
If you want to invest a small inconsequential amount of money now (an amount you would not feel too bad about losing entirely, and that you won't be tempted to panic-sell if the price dips for a while) I'd say go for it.  Before investing a serious amount (whatever that is to you) though I would strongly recommend doing some research, hang out and ask some questions, and really learn how Bitcoin works and what makes it good so you can have confidence in what you're buying.
To answer your question about new Bitcoins: new bitcoins aren't "released" to the market, they are *mined* by people around the world running software/hardware "hashing SHA256".  It's sort of like a very complex math problem for each block and everyone is racing to solve the problem first and "win" the next block which comes with a reward of Bitcoins.  The beauty of this system is that the computational work the miners do to win the coins is *also* what makes Bitcoin secure even though there's no central authority.  The "proof of work" the miners do goes into the blockchain everyone collectively verifies against and no one can cheat or go back and change a transaction value in the ledger.
There are currently around 16 million Bitcoins that have been mined; the hard cap is at 21 million after which there will never again be any more Bitcoins.  That's many years from now, like 2048 or something I think?
@_date: 2017-11-22 00:38:18
Can I ask, were you sending from a Segwit address?  (Did it start with either a 3 or a bc1?)
@_date: 2017-11-30 08:50:40
OP -- you've hit upon one of the most common misconceptions about Bitcoin: lots of people think they have to buy one whole Bitcoin or not at all.  Bitcoins are actually infinitely divisible -- think of how a dollar is also 10 dimes, or also 100 pennies.  Right now the smallest division of Bitcoin allowed is 0.00000001 BTC and is referred to as a "Satoshi" (a nod to the inventor).  That's currently worth about $0.000105.
Luckily we're not stuck with that forever, and if it became necessary to allow smaller divisions some day years from now, everyone participating in the distributed network of full nodes (I run one in my garage) that validate every Bitcoin transaction... everyone could agree to update the "consensus rules" to allow it.
@_date: 2017-11-14 06:02:00
Ok sorry I rounded up, it was $9531.90.  But seriously though, that sucks man.  Your exchange set a $0.59 fee on their transaction to withdraw your money to your wallet?  Can I ask what exchange you're using?  I bet they charged you a $20 withdrawal fee for the privilege, too, while only spending $0.59 on the transaction themselves.  I would send a pretty angry letter to their support about it... and then maybe considering switching to a better exchange after you get your money out.  Good luck.
@_date: 2017-11-14 19:24:47
Sure thing.  Also be aware that a lot of wallets out there (even ones that have added Segwit) are basing their "current fee estimator" on non-Segwit transactions.  You should be able to apply whatever fee you want to your transaction.  I'd recommend maybe testing a small unimportant transaction with a lower fee to find out what works &amp; gets you the confirmation time you're aiming for.  Better to figure that out with a small test before you try to rely on it for a big / time-sensitive transaction.
@_date: 2017-11-12 23:52:22
That's what I'm getting at here, though -- I don't think "spam attacks" really matter because the miners are always going to prioritize verifying transactions that post higher fees.  If someone spams the mempool with tens of thousands of tiny transactions with tiny fees attached, the miners aren't going to bother verifying those until all of the "real" transactions with normal fees attached are processed.
@_date: 2017-11-22 18:35:35
Agreed, I have been using Gemini for some time now and haven't had any complaints.  I do wish we could convince them to start using Segwit faster though.  They're still using addresses starting with 1 for withdrawals and deposits.
@_date: 2017-11-19 04:35:33
Bitcoin doesn't automatically "immunize" itself from attacks like this, but events like this hopefully *will* spur the community into more quickly implementing the tools we already have available to improve the situation.  At the moment, the best thing we can do is to all switch to using Segwit enabled wallets with Segwit addresses. Here's a list of wallets, exchanges, and other software that already have:   NOTE: Even if you're already using software with Segwit support, you need to move your coins into a wallet with a Segwit address before it will make any difference.  Segwit addresses start with a 3 while old addresses start with a 1.
@_date: 2017-11-25 06:57:40
Good point, if you're using a hardware wallet you should try to purchase it directly from a trusted hardware manufacturer rather than through some third party.  Never buy a hardware wallet from eBay, for example.
@_date: 2017-11-14 07:25:40
If you can get it for that price and legitimately wouldn't be in a world of hurt if it all went to $0, sure, go for it.  Who knows though, we may never see $5500 bitcoin again after this weekend's nonsense.
@_date: 2017-11-12 23:45:40
There's probably at least *some* spam in there, but I'd also be willing to bet that a large percentage of those are just people who don't know how to properly set fees in their wallets or don't understand how it works.  Mostly I think it helps put some of the unconfirmed transaction backlog in perspective: if you submit a transaction with a fee even as low as $0.29, there's really only about 85k transactions potentially in front of yours in the queue.
@_date: 2017-11-24 10:46:19
One of those 1900 nodes is my full verifying node, just set it up recently. :)
@_date: 2017-11-28 01:45:12
oh man... this seriously made me laugh out loud...  good stuff, thanks man.  :)
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:36:09
at least Chrome is almost-sorta-open-source.  (based on Chromium, which is open-source)
@_date: 2017-11-23 21:32:57
To avoid this, just be sure to always be buying more Bitcoin to replace whatever you spend, until that great day in the future when your paycheck comes in Bitcoin and you don't have to go through the trouble of converting it from fiat in the first place. :)
@_date: 2017-11-14 05:26:04
Also, will the wallet you're using let you do a "Replace-By-Fee" transaction?  You should/might be able to effectively replace your existing transaction with a new one offering a higher transaction fee to help it go through faster.  It might be a very long time before any miner is willing to verify your transaction in return for only $0.59.
@_date: 2017-11-30 21:29:35
I do on the regular.  All the people who go on and on about "OMG how could you spend your Bitcoins?! What if the price goes up 100% tomorrow and you something you bought for $100 is now $200?!" forget something simple: if you always immediately buy more Bitcoin to replace whatever you spend (and hey, why not a little more while you're at it?) ... you never lose any money.
@_date: 2017-11-26 03:11:49
One reason to consider moving your "saving" wallet to a SegWit address right now is to make your life easier in the future.  If you needed to get your funds out on short notice at some point in the future, it will always be faster &amp; cheaper (in tx fees) to send *from* a SegWit wallet than legacy.
@_date: 2017-11-27 07:19:14
Remember your wallet doesn't charge you the fee, it's supposed to help you set the fee according to the current market, but many wallets have terribly broken fee estimators that cause you and a lot of other people to vastly overpay.  Also note that the amount of Bitcoin/$ value you send has zero effect on the fee.  It only matters how much space the transaction data takes up in the ledger.  Basic transactions are usually around 250 bytes.
@_date: 2017-11-30 07:36:57
This is good advice that is true of *all* exchanges, nothing to do with Coinbase in particular.  The idea is that if you don't have the private keys to your own Bitcoin, then you don't really *own* any bitcoin.  Coinbase owns your Bitcoins and controls them, and all you have is an IOU from them saying they'll let you withdraw them when you ask.  Sure, maybe you trust that Coinbase isn't going to skip town with your funds... But what happens if Coinbase gets hacked? If you're new to crypto, take some time to read the story of Mt. Gox from back in the day for an example of why leaving your funds in an exchange can be a disaster.  Simple rule is only keep funds in your exchange account if you are actively day trading.  If you're just buying and HODL-ing, you should withdraw to a hardware wallet as quickly as possible.
@_date: 2017-11-21 21:09:18
How much of your net worth do you have invested in fiat currency?
@_date: 2017-11-29 19:05:24
Back online as of maybe 10 minutes ago, seems to be working well.
@_date: 2017-11-30 08:25:13
Can confirm.  American here and still HODL-ing  strong.  I even bought the dip.  Never sell.  I spend some Bitcoins directly, but always immediately buy back to replace what I spend.  A wise man once said, "never own fewer Bitcoins than you own today."
@_date: 2017-11-29 03:51:04
It's definitely worth investing in right now.  You don't have to buy 1 entire bitcoin, you can just buy whatever fraction of one you want, and you can still enjoy the same returns as everyone else.  The only question is, will Bitcoin continue to become more popular and mainstream?  I think the answer to that is very much yes.  Now think -- there are only 16 million bitcoins in existence right now, and many years from now there is a hard cap at 21 million.  Imagine if every millionaire in the world (17m or so?) wanted to own just 1 bitcoin each.  There wouldn't be enough for all of them to do even that.  I don't think we've even begun to see how high the price will go. 
@_date: 2017-11-25 23:34:59
Because buying bitcoins with all of your fiat means paying lots of fees to exchanges and banks for wire transfers and such.  Getting paid in BTC directly would mean cutting out the middlemen.
@_date: 2017-11-14 02:19:45
hmm.... that's weird, especially that they wouldn't say what disqualified you.  Not sure what to tell you there, apart from I guess try one of the many other exchanges listed that also have segwit support?
@_date: 2017-11-26 09:27:48
I also am excited to hear there is Trezor support in the works. Hopefully soon? Want to use it right away.  :)
@_date: 2017-11-15 23:04:26
Here's a list of bitcoin wallets and exchanges and other services that have implemented SegWit support: 
@_date: 2017-11-28 09:40:53
Wait, weren't we doing this at almost 9000 not just *two days ago?!?!*
@_date: 2017-11-24 01:52:12
I can wish for a little lower dip to buy but it doesn't feel like it's going to happen... :)
@_date: 2017-11-13 00:00:13
Oh how I wish I'd loaded some more $ in my exchange account before the weekend so I could buy in while the price is down.  Instead I'm going to have to wait until Monday like everyone else &amp; no doubt the price will shoot up again before I can.
@_date: 2017-11-29 10:20:50
If you're into PC games, Stream accepts Bitcoin now too.
@_date: 2017-11-19 04:28:23
It is entirely possible to intentionally flood the mempool with thousands of small transactions with tiny/minimum transaction fees, in an effort to dramatically increase the mempool to make it *look* like there is a huge backlog.  In reality of course these tiny fee transactions will never get confirmed before real transactions with "normal" fees attached, but if your goal is to cause fear/uncertainty/doubt in the market by screaming "OMG LOOK AT THE MEMPOOL, 150k unconfirmed transactions, Bitcoin is dying!" you can totally do that.  This can even scare a lot of people into thinking they *have* to increase their fees or their transactions won't go through, and that *will* have a real effect by driving up the effective average fee.
@_date: 2017-11-13 01:05:07
I don't think so, no.  Remember that buying and selling on the exchanges all happens in real-time and that's where all the pricing action happens.  The backlog of unconfirmed transactions doesn't really affect pricing at all, apart from making people worried.
@_date: 2017-11-14 07:35:15
very interesting, but I think maybe you accidentally posted in the wrong subreddit, friend?
@_date: 2017-11-22 00:46:40
Speak for yourself.  I still think acceptance through utility/payments is the best way to increase value.  I think lots of people here do.  That's why we're trying to get more people to start using Segwit (which is already enabled, but only 10% of current transactions actually use).  That's why we're excited about the Lightning Network and the new functionality that will enable.  Scaling is important.  Maintaining security and decentralization and network resiliency is even more important.  If we screw it up, the whole thing fails.  Let's keep encouraging safe and properly tested scaling improvements by time-tested developers that have done an excellent job getting us to where to are today.
@_date: 2017-11-14 09:23:20
I've heard some places have Bitcoin ATMs that will let you insert cash and sent it to your Bitcoin wallet.  You might check and see if you can find one nearby.
@_date: 2017-11-14 19:43:09
Because was started and is controlled/moderated by Roger Ver and people who own Bitcoin.com (not to be confused with Bitcoin.org) -- they created and control BCash, so they're using to try to confuse new people looking for Bitcoin into using BCH instead.  Kind of disingenuous really, using real Bitcoin's ticker symbol. 
 Same thing with Bitcoin.com, I wouldn't trust anything you read there.
@_date: 2017-11-15 17:20:00
So switch to a wallet that does, and preferably switch to using an exchange that does also if yours doesn't already.  Here's a list:   Note -- even if you're already using a wallet that supports Segwit, you're going to need to create a *new* wallet with a new Segwit address and move your coins there before it will help.  Segwit addresses start with a 3 instead of a 1, so if yours doesn't start with 3 right now, you're not using Segwit.  If your *exchange* doesn't support Segwit, you're not going to get the benefits when withdrawing coins to your wallet either.
@_date: 2017-11-30 07:16:03
You can get a Trezor (what I use) for under $100.  I think the Ledger Nano S goes for around $50?  If you now or ever plan to have significant multiples of those amounts of value in Bitcoin, get a hardware wallet.  It can also be a useful tool for other functions: you can use a Trezor for 2-factor authentication on many standardized apps - things that use Google Authenticator or Authy.  Except it's safer because it can't be hacked or get malware like your phone can.  You can also use it to secure your password manager (Trezor includes such a tool).  Also works to secure lots is other altcoins.  Totally a worthwhile investment IMO.
@_date: 2017-11-21 06:38:39
BTC has already enabled Segwit, which would help a LOT to reduce network congestion &amp; transaction fees in the short term, but so far hardly anyone is actually *using* it.  We're still below 10% of current transactions utilizing Segwit: 