@_author: nomsfud
@_date: 2014-03-27 19:13:48
I think you're being downvoted because this entire thread got linked to a couple hours ago, and the OP put the direct link in a self post instead of including np.reddit.com in the beginning URL. The np at the beginning ensures a read-only version of the page where upvotes, downvotes, and comments are disabled
@_date: 2014-03-27 16:42:50
Thanks for the response, I wrote my comment when I was still half asleep and somewhat irritable so I'm sorry if I came off like a dick. I didn't meant to insinuate that doge was a better community than bit, either. As a somewhat outsider from both communities I feel as though bit coin is a little too hardcore at points where doge is always just about having fun. At least that's what I can tell anyway. 
I had an issue with too, and I thought it should never exist, but the problem is that when you regulate one, you have to regulate all, otherwise you'll always get someone whining that it's unfair and unnecessary censorship. If regulation came in to play properly, a lot of subreddits, some awful, but some good would probably vanish. 
@_date: 2014-03-27 15:53:02
I think you're missing some key points here. You're insulting reddit because their CEO pissed you off, naming subs like jailbait, yet you forget that were they to remove the sub before the controversy you'd have a ton of people butthurt over an open site getting censored. Actually, odds are you'd be at the front of the line yelling at the CEO's for taking away a site's ability to have completely open user created content. 
You then turn to dogecoin. Why bitcoiners even care about the doge crypto currency is beyond me. It's a joke. They're doing it to entertain themselves, and they've done some good things. They sent a couple teams to the Olympics this year. I'm also pretty sure that they love seeing die hard bitcoin fanboys get their panties all bunched up whenever their coin is mentioned, because we all know, there can be only one crypto currency 
And as a gift, +5 doge verify
Edit: a word