@_author: nonbn
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:49:56
It's reasonably big news though. 
The ASX using blockchain does go some way to legitimizing bitcoin.  
It's a huge vote of confidence in the concept of the technology. If it can be used for billions of dollars of stock market transactions, it's robust and secure enough to be used as a currency too. 
It will certainly give bitcoin more gravitas than some tool holding a hand drawn sign up behind someone at a press conference or senate hearing, or a random person tipping a watiress with a paper wallet. We've come a long way. 
For the people that don't have a clue about any of this - "The ASX uses the same technology to run the stock market" is a strong argument in favour of bitcoin - even if it's technically got very little to do with bitcoin as a currency. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 20:00:03


This is one thing I don't understand. I'm guessing you are American. 
Why pay any taxes on the profit? There are countless ways you could avoid paying for any capital gain. It's one of the attractive things about bitcoin. 
I see a lot of people on here talking about paying taxes when cashing in - but why? 
@_date: 2017-12-06 22:50:47
Maybe not everyone that works there was involved and the people left are scrambling to work out what is going on. 
I wouldn't be surprised with a service like that if they have a global workforce of people that they might not know entirely well. It's not like "Hey Bob hasn't come into the office today and there's $60 million missing". 
Probably more like "shadowcoin551 our part time dev who we met on irc hasn't logged on for 12 hours and there's $60 million missing. Does anyone know what country that person is actually in?" 
@_date: 2017-12-05 10:18:04
I lost about $2 in the Mtgox crash. I was excited to get the emails from the trustee and then they actually posted me a letter from Japan in Japanese (with English translation) about what I had to do etc. 
I kept the letter as a momento and wrote off my lost $2. It's probably worth more than $2 now but I figure I'm never going to see it. I have a cool letter from Japan though and it only cost me $2!! 