@_author: nonickleft
@_date: 2017-12-11 07:48:02
As someone interested in Austrian economics I can only agree. But there are a few things I'd like to comment on:
Easy to use and understand: Does money signal data if people are not sure what the money is? Is bitcoin really a unit of measurement now or merely a speculative good? I believe that, in due time, it can assume a role where it strictly communicates economic data, but at the moment it is itself economic data (due to speculation) and how would an agent be able to distinguish between it signalling speculation and it signalling market data?
Tamperproof and resists the corruption of the original signal: True. But do people know this? Either way, this is what I consider the main benefit of cryptocurrencies. People often do not realize that non representative currencies, i.e., fiat, disturb signals of economic data since its capacity to function as a measurement unit is disrupted by governments increasing supply in an unpredictable way.
Negligable overhead cost: I take it that this goes back to Menger and money being the most efficient medium of exchange.
@_date: 2017-03-14 13:30:53


Other than creating hype (one way a network effect influences branding) there is also brand association which is strengthened by branding. But what is the brand association today for the various cryptos? Is it devleoped yet? How do these create switching costs in cryptos? And how exactly does being iconic stop another crypto from using what BTC has developed? I think these are very interesting questions :).
In my view, there exist specific use cases related to the underlying technologies that different coins adopt. But given the low costs of exchange, no coin can use its technology to differentiate itself meaningfully.
@_date: 2017-03-14 13:37:12


Sure, but that does not isolate one coin from another. If I buy bitcoin and then I decide I want whatevercoin I can simply change. For a network effect to lend itself to a performance advantage it must somehow create a cost associated with switching. 
G+ and Facebook are neat examples because 1) number of users are important and 2) there is still a small cost of maintaining both with little added benefit.
I am still not sure how exactly a network effect helps create value for cryptos. mentioned branding, which I like, but do not believe is fully developed yet.
@_date: 2017-03-15 11:54:06
While I understand the phenomena you describe, I have a hard time seeing how it relates to cryptos. My limited understanding of cryptos is that any one crypto does not offer any unique incentives tied to the number of users that use them. This is because they are easy to exchange.
@_date: 2017-03-14 13:48:49
I see these as reasons for having bitcoin as the backbone of a crypto platform. In what you mention, the network effects are real in terms of securing the technology. But they do not raise switching costs and whatever bug is found benefits every other crypto too given that this knowledge is public.
I know too little about "carma" to comment on that ;)
@_date: 2017-03-14 13:19:57
Actually, I would argue that these costs are very low. Again, these costs relate to the ease by which you can exchange one crypto for another. Whatever benefit another crypto develops is readily accessible to all.
@_date: 2017-03-15 11:56:36
Yes, MtGox is a perfect example of network effects. But that has nothing to do with the cryptos themselves. It was an exchange platform. For an exchange, you rely on parties in ways that benefit from additional users.
For cryptos themselves though, there are no such network effects tied to technology precisely due to exchanges. I am more comfortable with brand, and with risk being related to network effects. But my professional background biases me toward seeing that and not seeing other things :).
@_date: 2017-03-15 11:50:39
There are either no monetary switching costs, or they are max 0.15%. Missed opportunities and financial loss due to poor judgment is not a switching cost the way I understand the term. Time is also negligible.
I do, however, find your point about psychological switching costs interesting. And while volatility can be measured, risk is a far more perceptual variable. I, for instance, associate risk with ease of use and the ability to adapt to environmental change. Others, may have a more technically informed assessment of risk.
Thank you for your input :). I know so little about cryptocurrencies and I am always happy to learn more.
@_date: 2017-03-14 13:44:30


I agree, but that does not matter for the end user. There are loads of investments in other, now obsolete, ecosystems :).
I am sold on blockchains and everything that has to go with it. I truly believe it is the single greatest technological advance we have made in the last two centuries. It has enabled an ecosystem that allows for true democracy not reliant on trust. 
But I do not believe that the future of crypto will be one coin, but a platform of coins where functionality is provided by low exchange costs and where each coin will provide a specific service. I am very keen on testing this belief and thank you for your input!
EDIT: Actually, yours is a good example of one specific type of network effect: related to risk of novelty. This is a first mover disadvantage that bitcoin has fought hard to overcome. But again, bitcoin is not able to benefit solely from these victories. Any acceptance it gets and recognition for its underlying technology benefits all cryptos.
@_date: 2017-03-14 10:17:14
I agree that there is a predominant use case for all cryptos. There is no denying that they are technologically different :). I also agree there is real economic activity. 
What I am trying to point out is that these use cases do not matter much because of ease of exchange. Consider ETH (I assume this is what you refer to by ether). That I cannot buy drugs with ETH matters not if I can exchange my ETH for BTC in a moments notice.
I believe cryptos are far more than simply a digital currency. They seem to be more akin to an unregulated exchange platform enabling a wide range of use cases involving the exchange of value.
@_date: 2017-08-25 07:45:06
Which also means it has no cushion to absorb a fall ... taking money off the table to better your life is always a good idea. While I'd advise against buying something like a phone with it, I'm very much for paying off e.g., a crippling debt.
@_date: 2018-06-28 09:49:24
Business people are not the ones hyping blockchains, or are they? The way I see it, it is the developers without good business acumen that are.
@_date: 2017-08-25 09:29:07
I see some comments here about Austrian economics and value being subjective. That is not the entire truth. While it is true that value in Austrian economics is subjective, it is not the thing (be it gold, crypto, w/e) that has subjective value, but the use of the thing that has subjective (and differing) value.
IFF Schiff was arguing that Bitcoin has no practical value, then he is absolutely right that, from an Austrian economics standpoint, it will also not have any value what so ever. But I do not agree with him that none of the cryptos will become money. Carl Menger (the father of Austrian economics) is very clear about what is money. Money is a social creation. Actors in a market will decide what the most efficient medium of exchange is. Note, however, that Schiff's arguments were about currency, not blockchain. And his points about scarcity is correct (again from an Austrian economics point of view, scarcity cannot exist as it does when we strictly look at objective utility).
@_date: 2017-11-28 15:22:38
Depends on why you were "shitting on him". Going all in into any investment is not financially sound advice for some people. If you are 20yo living in your mom's basement go ahead, put all your money into it.
Getting close to retirement and have everything you need in a stable dividend portfolio and safe assets. Going all in is just stupid imo.
@_date: 2017-11-28 13:00:22
Agreed, personal finance is a lot more level headed. They tell you not to invest in cryptos when you do not have your life in order, and they tell you that crypto investing is about the risks you can tolerate and manage.
@_date: 2017-09-23 14:51:24
Not sure I follow why stability would ever occur. Wouldn't it make more sense for all miners to oscillate all the time? Or alternatively, to simply agree on what portion of the mining power to devote to either chain. They'd earn the most doing that. Is it simply difficult to coordinate this optimal outcome scenario or what?
@_date: 2018-07-31 10:33:44
Investing is supposed to be boring :), you are not playing a lottery here. If you want to support a tech or a movement, by all means do so, but that is not an investment.
The ability to store immutable data on the ledger is the technical potential of BTC yes, but that only has value if someone uses it in a value generating activity. Who is willing to pay you money to store that data in that way? The answer to that question will give you some ideas on how much the tech can be worth. If noone is, then the value of blockchains will be 0. If everyone is, then it will follow some supply demand curve :).
Also, "pussies" tend to do far better than "dicks" in investing so that is somewhat of an ironic statement \^\^.
@_date: 2018-07-31 12:00:05
Hehe sry, I get that a lot ^^. I hope your journey forward is blessed with crypto profits :)
@_date: 2018-07-31 09:28:53
The price of something has nothing to do with its underlying value. Value in exchange != value in use. And at the moment, the use is speculative and contingent on that specific future you mention :).
@_date: 2018-07-31 12:00:11
Hehe sry, I get that a lot. I hope your journey forward is blessed with crypto profits :)
@_date: 2018-07-31 09:29:53
Risk is potential loss relative to expected return. It has nothing to do with what you can afford to lose and what else you have. Doing mental accounting is not a good idea.
@_date: 2018-07-31 10:35:07
Looks great :).
@_date: 2018-07-31 09:20:12
Since I suspect that a lot of the commenters here have not read the article ...
The study shows that out of the people who own more than USD 10k in stocks/bonds etc. only 2 percent own BTC and 70 percent "have no interest in ever buying". A total of 98 percent thought it was "somewhat risky" or "very risky". Only 29 percent stated they knew anything about cryptos.
The question now is, how many of those who know about cryptos actually invest in it?
There is also a lot of misunderstanding in these posts about what risk is, including OP. Risk in investing is not the same as having no value, risk is the probability of loss relative to expected returns. So, something that fluctuates wildly for someone who does not know when they need the money / is too emotional to hodl will rightfully consider the investment as risky. Bitcoin IS incredibly risky. No doubt about it. As it stands now, the probability of losing relative to the returns is quite high indeed. That is why there is great upside potential. If there was not a huge risk of losing everything, there would not be any upside potential.
@_date: 2017-10-27 07:33:09
There are things backing Bitcoin: 
1) a protocol that offers a fail-proof way of agreeing on a state and on what is considered a valid addition to this state without having to trust other humans.
2) an ecosystem of actors that secure and evolve the system
Once/if scaling is resolved we have also: 
3) Mecalfe's law (are phones worth nothing because there is nothing to back it?)
4) The idea from Austrian economics that money is a social construction based on what is the most efficient means of exchange.
And this is just for Bitcoin. We also have many more things underlying the value of blockchains in general. For instance cryptoecoenomics as a behavioral control mechanism every single participant can agree on being fair. Or the ability to act as a standard protocol for coordinating all human economic activity. Being a Schelling point for decentralization ... etc. etc. etc. etc.
Bitcoin has enormous value. Those who do not see it, do not understand it.
@_date: 2018-07-31 10:27:39
I know where (s)he is coming from, but risk in investment is not relative to your own wealth. If that was true, then a global index fund would be more risky than BTC for someone who cannot afford to lose a dime; it isn't.
The risk of any asset depends on the asset. Whether or not you can tolerate that risk, that depends on your wealth and other assets. But saying that it is risky not to own BTC to an amount you are willing to lose does not lead to good decision making because you are evaluating the risk of something (i.e., BTC) based on something else (i.e., your wealth). The risk of BTC is its potential of loss relative to its expected return. Your risk tolerance however is related to your wealth and portfolio allocation.
@_date: 2018-12-15 05:57:07
Sure, but some things tilt the balance in your favor. Bitcoin/Cryptos are speculative assets with a high-risk high reward potential. At present, it is simply gambling. 
Investing is about balancing returns with expectations of volatility. So, if you invest in something that tracks the ACWI (or similar) the guarantee is that the world's productive capacity will have to fail for you not to make a decent return on your investment over a 30+ year horizon.
@_date: 2018-12-15 04:41:50
The Nikkei 225 has had an inflation-adjusted return in USD of above 5% since 1968. Which is just slightly below the S&amp;P 500 ...
Markets do not go sideways for generations. That is not how markets work. Over time, they tend to return about the same.
Use  and 
@_date: 2018-12-14 04:24:49
Buying bitcoin gives you a chance that your daughter will thank you. 
Buying a broad fund of large stable firms will guarantee that your granddaughter will thank you.
These are not the same. Unless your dad sells off at the worst possible time, he should be doing very well.
@_date: 2018-12-15 04:42:29
Unlike Bitcoin right! Right?