@_author: nonnobomba
@_date: 2019-11-01 16:08:22
Which would be? Tell us how a "stablecoin" is different from E-gold and from any other way to obfuscate economic transactions.
Tell us how the magical "DAI" will work reliably, without "trust" in anything (not even in the developers who wrote the code) and in a complete void, instead of being a rube-goldberg machine built upon the ethically, environmentally (at least for PoW chains), socially, economically and technically shitty blockchains. Tell us how it will handle customers refund, theft and other misappropriation of funds. Tell us how it will be error-free and not abusable.
Tell us how this all works without fiat onramps and offramps, ie the things that makes this all interesting for money launderers and tax dodgers.
@_date: 2019-11-01 08:51:37
Or not. 
The fall of tether will be a huge problem, surely, that stuff is everywhere by now (the words "systemic risk" come to mind), but I'm sure they've seen it coming for some time. 
Some entities will go bankrupt, many people will lose money, some people will go to jail, but the scammers have imagination, a complete lack of morals and no jurisdictional limits, so they don't have any restraint:  any "solution", no matter how criminal and unethical, can be deployed as quickly as it can be implemented. 
Remember when our friend Giancarlo at Bitfinex thought that covering their losses by simply taking 1/3 of whatever was in their customers accounts was a totally feasible and perfectly reasonable solution? They said they where being "brave" for doing it.
They will find ways to substitute tethers with something even shadier and the machine will keep on laundering as if nothing happened. Once Bitfinex implodes, something else will replace it.
When E-gold and Liberty Reserve were brought down with extreme prejudice, Bitcoin emerged to substitute for it. When Mt.GOX went belly up, dozens of new exchanges substituted it.
Every individual scheme collapses, eventually, but the *concept* of a scheme lives on and there is no end to the supply of new schemes that scammers can set up and market to greedy, gullible, often desperate people. When this stuff is intertwined with massive money laundering systems servicing Colombian drug lords... Well. It's like the mythical Hydra: cut one head, another 7 emerge.
...and anyway, we already know that "the market" isn't responding to news and facts, bitcoin "price" being a complete fabrication.
I don't expect the "price" to be doing anything even remotely predictable.
@_date: 2019-11-01 09:14:06
Also (((bankers))), Soros and the Rotschild. Don't forget those.
@_date: 2019-11-01 16:37:57
Mmh, not bad. Your handwaving skill are good.
@_date: 2018-11-22 14:08:07
They use LN, which means that if it works, when it works, for as long as it won't go down in flames, if you don't mind your "anonymous" and "decentralized" payments to go through a couple of big centralized payment processors (because the payment routing problem on LN is unsolvable and they use a trial-and-error approach that really has any chance of succeding only when the payments are going through a couple of big monied nodes) and basically participate in a non-blockchain "shared tabs" scheme (to be later settled on the btc blockchain) where any number of things can wrong, then payments are rather quick.
To side-chains and LN proponents, non-blockchain technologies is what will solve the problems with blockchain technologies. 
Let's all meditate on this for a bit.
@_date: 2018-02-19 17:13:04
I get the joke, but I'm the type of person that feel compelled to go in depth... Don't get this wrong, but actually the triple point of water (and other substances) defines the temperature in Kelvin units (they are not degrees, so the "째" is not appropriate here) as exactly 273.16 K or 0.01 째C. So, the "absolute zero" of thermodynamic temperature, where systems don't have any vibrational/thermal energy left would be -273.15 째C, not just -273 째C... Extremely important fractions of a K, since going down even a 0.1 K at those temperature ranges costs a lot and requires gigantic equipment using strange and exotic forms of cooling (lasers and other things).
Negative Kelvin values are actually possible, once one understands what "temperature" represents: it is not simply an index of the average thermal energy of a system, it's the trade-off between the thermal energy increase and the entropy increase of a system (with the reciprocal function, called "thermodynamic beta", considered the more fundamental property of systems).
With "normal" everyday systems, entropy increases with the increase of thermal energy (which is actually a component of the kinetic energy of atoms and molecules, the one that comes from vibrations), so the formula works as we humans expect: higher thermal energy means higher temperatures and the more energy you pour in a system, the higher the temperature, thus "hotter" means higher temperatures, and so on.
But in some exotic sub-atomic systems configurations, where higher energy levels carry higher constraints and fewer degrees of freedom for some particles, increasing the energy (thus exciting said particles in to the higher, more constrained states) actually decreases the total entropy of the system, ergo we get negative temperatures.  And that's because of quantum (no, seriously... this is actual quantum mechanics).
Technically, it means that a negative temperature system is "hotter" than any system with positive temperature: as per the first principle of thermodynamics, thermal energy will flow from such a system to any system that has positive temperature, no matter how high  you go (mathematically, even up to "infinite" temperature values).
The graph for the function for thermodynamic temperature, starting from "0 energy" and going up, goes from 0 K to +infinite K, jumps to -infinite K (yes, abruptly: there is a discontinuity) and then goes back to 0 K again.
With the reciprocal function of temperature, the so called "beta" I mentioned, you don't have discontinuities: it just keeps decreasing from +infinity while you increase the energy, crosses the axis origin (a point corresponding to the 0 K of temperature), then goes down faster and faster, right to -infinity. This is why physicists tend to think of the beta as the more fundamental one... it simplifies calculations. Unfortunately, our everyday experience of the world where hotter means it has higher temps, makes "beta" a counter-intuitive and awkward quantity to reason with and so this "beta" stays confined in the minds of physicists and in their calculations.
I hope I didn't bore or annoy you too much.