@_author: noobminer001
@_date: 2017-12-11 17:31:19
Hi, I'll probably get downvoted to oblivion but wanted to respond to some of your comments. I agree with you that the fanboy mania on this sub is ridiculous but overall I find blockchain tech fascinating and I don't think it's fair to immediately dismiss or state that it has no value. 
First, I don't agree that people should call Bitcoin a currency. It's not. Its a ledger. A public ledger that anyone can access, use and trust that is decentralized. That is the major breakthrough of the tech and its the most important idea you can take from it. Bitcoin (and this sub) receives the most attention because it was the first to introduce the idea of blockchain. I honestly don't know if Bitcoin itself will be the future of blockchain tech but given that it was the first, I can imagine its going to be around for a while if the tech continues to grow.
1) I agree with you, if you ask someone what is Bitcoin and how do you use it, they will have a hard time explaining it. Again I think this is because people keep pushing the idea that it as a currency. It's a ledger. A record of all the transactions that have happened on the network. I found this video provides a really good understanding of how blockchain tech works: 
In any case, I agree, right now it is not easy to use and still has a lot to go in terms of easy of use. But the internet was the same when it first started. If you asked a basic users to interact with all 7 layers of the OSi model in order to post something on Reddit, it wouldn't be intuitive either.
2) Stating that the underlying tech in blockchain is not tamperproof is not fair. The tech itself is tamperproof as it is backed by the entire field of cryptography and computer science. If someone was to hack the cryptographic nature of blockchain, (i.e. as you stated, hacking a wallet by producing the private keys from a public address), there would be bigger problems in the world as basically every known encryption tool would become void. With regards to Banks, when the internet first started it took quite some time for them to trust it and start offering online banking. I am also sure they did get hacked (tho not a frequent as it is now) back in the day when it first started. But still other major organizations have been recently hacked, Equitfax for example. I do agree with you that the current websites (such as exchanges, web based wallets, etc) need to be doing a better job with their security. For example, I have no idea why of the ones who did get hacked would have their wallets online without some kind of multi-signature withdrawal. Some people have pointed that it could have been an inside job as we are talking about tens if not hundreds of millions of dollars.
3) Yes bitcoin is really expensive in terms of transaction costs when it comes to small value transactions. But its relatively cheap if you're doing large transactions. Again for me, I don't Bitcoin as a currency. The transaction costs are also high because the network is being flooded with transactions from all around the world. Also again, everyone is focusing on Bitcoin and putting all other blockchain tech under its umbrella of technical issues. I actually don't see Bitcoin becoming the underlying tech that replaces your VISA/MC terminal at starbucks or being a global currency that everyone uses. What I do see if local countries/economies creating their own blockchain (or bitcoin equivalent) that is traded locally (which would fundamentally have lowering fees and transaction times due to less demand) and then if you need to interact on a more global scale, you would trade/interact with Bitcoin itself or whatever tech that has capitalized on that market. I only say Bitcoin as it's the most trusted, well known and has stand the test of time so far in terms of being secure and tamperproof. With regards of the local economy analogy, think of how your local router has the 192.168.0.1 IP assignment to service your local devices and then you have the rest of the internet IP that you interact with. Some people argue well why not just do what IPv6 did and expand the number of addresses...well this is one of the talking points of the entire scaling debate going on. And this is what people should be talking about. How can we make this tech better and more accessible to everyone?
4) I agree, I don't think Bitcoin itself will be a medium of exchange in terms of goods and services, but there are other blockchain tech working on this.
5) I don't think Bitcoin should be trusted as a store of value in the sense of stability, not because of the tech but because it wasn't designed that way. It's also of fixed supply so it inherently is non-inflationary. Again, Bitcoin was the first attempt at designing a system that is suppose to be a public ledger that is decentralized. That is the value it creates. Whether that value goes up and down is dependent on the market. Also, I think your bank savings comment is not the best example...if I knew that in 10 years my $20 would be worth 87% less, why would I keep a savings account? It would be better to find alternatives that hopefully grows. I also think Bitcoin is a bad example, but that's not to say that there aren't other coins that are trying to create an inflationary economy. What Bitcoin does provide in terms of storing value is that it cannot be forged and it is pretty easy to transfer from one account to another. I definitely think there's value in that...whether its $17000 worth is another story.
6) I agree I don't think Bitcoin should be pegged as a standard of value but again, I don't see it as a currency or something equivalent to the dollar. Where I see Bitcoin and other blockchain techs such as Ethereum becoming important and heavily utilized is in trade and in supply chain management. How contracts are made, payments, billing on demend, having your accounts (or at least your trades) transparent and visible to allow for de-risk and capital to flow to under developed areas where loans can be up to 20%. Microloans is a really interesting idea to allow capital to flow to these areas and I think blockchain can help with that.
Anyway sorry for the lengthy post. I do think the fanboy status that this sub has taken is insane and I also don't like it when people write stuff that there are banking and oil cartels looking to suppress tech. This doesn't help or promote development and solutions. I also don't think its fair to state that this tech not fixable, unsustainable, and has deal-breaker problems without also providing support that people are working on these issues. You're painting a picture that is onesided and you can see it in the responses people are posting. "Bitcoin is a ponzi scheme. It's a scam. It's going to crash, etc etc." Banks, just like any traditional institution, are very slow to react and resistant to chain. Blockchain and bitcoin is still really early in its development and I can't see traditional banks jumping on it right away just as they didn't jump on online banking right away. These things take time. It will also take time for the services that are catering to crypto to mature and provide a product that is easy to use and intuitive. 
What I do love is that Bitcoin and blockchain is an opensource technology that anyone can access and is trying to solve an problem that has been around for a while. How do we allow for trustless interactions to happen across the global with a system that accessible by anyone.
TL:DR - Bitcoin itself is not a currency, its a public ledger of transactions that happen on the network that anyone can access, use and trust. Some people are trying to use it as a currency, others for other applications. The tech is still new and still needs to grow. Here is a good video explaining it:
