@_author: noobherebtc
@_date: 2016-06-15 01:12:19
I have been reading most of the things posted in the Blockchain.info News and never posted a reply. I just opened an account on just so I can share this link from comedian John Oliver which aired this past Sunday.
Next time I share one of his videos will be when he does one about BTC, Cryptocurrency, or Blockchain.
Bottom line you are probably better off managing your own BTC 401(k). (or any other crypto) BTC has a higher volatility, but much lower fees.
@_date: 2016-06-23 17:25:01
True. I have also noticed too many people post this type of issue. It is either FUD (most likely) or not researching posts with similar problems.
Every now and then the FUD specifically targets a service by name (i.e. Coinbase)
@_date: 2016-06-30 10:09:45
I guess it would be important to note that not all energy is part of a global market. Oil can be sold/bought in any part of the world at a globalized price. Natural Gas for example cannot be sold so easily and prices vary greatly depending on the region. Arbitrage is not easily achieved with such commodities.
Similarly to the Natural Gas market, if you own a dam that produces electricity you can only sell that energy to a regional market (as far as the grid can reach), thus you would be bound by the price of energy in that region.
It is a far fetch concept ( especially since the price of BTC is too volatile) but if the price available to you was too low compared to other regions, you would be better of using that cheap energy as an advantage to produce BTC. All other things remaining equal, this should create a shortage of energy in the cheap-energy region and push the price up. Arbitrage will follow naturally.
MSc. Oil and Gas Management
@_date: 2016-09-15 21:43:10
Like I mentioned there is more than one rate: 10, 200 and 400 Bs/$. If you wish to obtain currency at that rate you have to go through a bureaucratic procedure that would only grant these rates to those closer to the regime. Otherwise you have to get them at the Black Market Exchange of ~1000.
Also, let me clarify the ~$3.5 price is for two dozen eggs. Still very far from $150 per dozen.
@_date: 2016-09-14 23:11:39
I am in a bit of a hurry so forgive me if I don't review what I am about to write before posting. I thought I should take a few minutes to try to answer your questions.
1) No, the price is not $150 per dozen eggs. Try $3.5
2) Yes the IMF forecasted 700% inflation for 2017.
3) One BTC is equal to $610 worldwide, which means that it is the same in Venezuela. $610 should be plenty to live from 3-6 months depending on the size of the family.
Following up on some of your comments. Try to imagine how much profit you could make if you bought a dozen eggs wherever you are standing right now and sold them for a cool $150. Immediately you would think about not one but probably a thousand dozens to maximize your profit and every egg producer in the world would probably do so as well.
I recently have been asked by colleagues about the IMF forecast since the unofficial accumulated inflation for the first six months of the year is already at 180%.
Three thighs should be considered as of today for the inflation conundrum. The first one is that there is not enough money in the hands of the population to allow the prices to rise too much. The second one is that the last quarter of the year is usually when there is more money in the economy. and the third one is that the Government still has plenty of time to make things worst and rush for that 700% mark.
The price regulation did a lot of damage because, as expected, producers did not want to produce at such prices. Usually people would get in long queues (Lines) to buy a limited quantity of goods at cheap prices and sell them to those who could pay a higher price and but could not afford stop working for a full day or more. These goods were of course subsidised by the Government but as the price of Oil came down there were fewer and fewer goods that could be imported by the Government. Hence people and businesses began to import goods through alternative channels using black market exchange rates.
The prices of most goods have risen and still have the potential to go higher and higher, but the purchasing power of the population is so low right now that we have to decide what to buy and what not to buy (just like a regular economy works). When prices were regulated you could literally afford to buy everything you needed (some even purchased goods to sell them abroad regularly) but when there is not enough to go around scarcity is inevitable.
There are several official exchange rates going from 10, 200 and 400 Bs/$. The black market rate is around 1000 Bs/$. You can find it online by searching for dollar today (The government is currently suing the website  in NYC, for posting Black Market Rates (I am not sure about the actual legal claim, but you can probably find it online as well))
The Black Market price has been very stable in the last 6 months, but that is basically because we don't have enough savings from everyday living expenses to be able to buy USD (or BTC).
I answered a bit more than I intended to, but hopefully it satisfied your curiosity. Cheers!
Edit: Minimum wage per month of 40-44 hours a week work is $25 + $35 (in food stamps) at 1000 Bs/$.
