@_author: nooby1990
@_date: 2018-01-08 12:07:23
Why should he care? This is a statement made in 2010 and Ver only bought the bitcoin.com domain in 2014. So this is not a statement about the current bitcoin.com but about a completely unrelated thing that no longer exists.
@_date: 2018-01-08 13:35:06
It is not claiming that Bitcoin Cash is the real bitcoin. It is correctly stating that Bitcoin Cash is a Hardfork of Bitcoin and that they are supporting it because they believe that it follows more closely the original ideas of bitcoin as defined in the whitepaper. They are also talking about Bitcoin Cash only on the pages explicitly about bitcoin cash, the rest of the site is talking about bitcoin. 
So it is not fraud, since there is no deception anywhere and it is about bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-01-24 18:47:56
Who was talking about Coinbase and what the fuck do you want to sue them for? In this whole comment section Coinbase was only mentioned 3 times. Two comments totally unconnected to the Context, bringing up Coinbase out of the blue and the other comment is this one.
Bitcoin was invented with libertarian and cypherpunk ideas in mind and for me it is clear that the popularity of bitcoin has attracted a lot of people who either don't grok that or just don't care and are just here to get rich quick.
The increase of people who want (specific) government intervention or who want to sue people over things they do with the Block Chain ("Spamming", ASICBOOST, Bitcoin Cash, etc...) is just further evidence of this.
@_date: 2018-01-24 20:56:20
Which criminal acts? The only thing that they are accused of seems to be listing bitcoin.com under bitcoin. Which laws are they breaking?
@_date: 2018-01-29 10:58:53
LTC is not a fork of BTC. It started its own chain from scratch and does not share any part of the BTC transaction history. BCH is a fork. If you trace the chain of blocks from both BTC and BCH then you will eventually get the same block and if you go farther back you will eventually end up at satoshis genesis block.
@_date: 2018-01-08 12:51:27
He was still talking about an entirely different thing. Sure it is not related to the central arbiters of all things bitcoin... Wait... There is no such thing. Calling bitcoin.com a fraud is dishonest and taking Satoshis statement as justification for it is dishonest as well. 
@_date: 2018-01-10 15:56:05
Satoshi's vision is another thing. The vision didn't change or should not have changed in my opinion. There is a drastic difference if you are talking about implementation details from years ago or if you are talking about the philosophical concept behind the whole project.
Just look at the [first automobiles from 1770]( and compare it to modern cars. 
The automobile went from these crude seats on wheels with steam engines to streamlined comfortable cars with electric or gas engines. We can build better cars now then back then, but  we only changed implementation details. We didn't need to compromise the vision of the car. The Vision of a personal transport vehicle (as opposed to the train with mass transport) has not changed.
Compare that to the bitcoin development. Bitcoin.org states this:








How much of that is still true? Or which of those things are still part of the goal of the current bitcoin developers? When you have the bitcoin developers working towards a fee market, introducing Hubs and trying to transform this payment network into a settlement network.
I believe we can archive the goals of the original vision of bitcoin. Sadly the current developers seem to not care about the original vision.
@_date: 2018-01-02 01:53:31
The project has forked. Your reading comprehension is either lacking or you are a troll.
Do you agree that when someone is presented as an expert that this can influence people?
Do you also agree that the Core maintainers are presented as experts?
No magic or voodoo involved. Just psychology. If you present someone as expert, who you control, you can sway the conversation of huge groups of people. Especially if you control multiple such experts.
I do not believe that the core maintainers are Reddit mods, but I also do not believe that you have to be a mod to manipulate the conversation in one way. I do believe that the reddit mods are also under the influence of Blockstream since they are "moderating" heavily one sided. That is however a different issue, but it makes it worse when the key core maintainers are manipulated. (And I am only using "moderating" here because the word I really would like to use would just cause this to be deleted.)
You know what: Just believe what you want. I don't care anymore.
@_date: 2018-01-24 21:38:57
I am literally just trying to understand what you want to accomplish. I have no connection to CMC, I don't even use it and could not care less if it completely dies tomorrow, but you have to agree that wanting to start a class action lawsuit because a Website Links to another Website that you don't agree with is fucking brain dead.
I don't think you have groked the point of Bitcoin or any Crypto Currency.
And also: You have not actually said which laws they are breaking. Fraud? Theft? Conspiracy? All because bitcoin.com is informing people about Bitcoin and that they also inform people that there is a thing called Bitcoin Cash? There is no fraud, there is no theft and the only "Conspiracy" is them conspiring to not agree with you. Which they are still allowed to do. I believe that is just called "talking" instead of Conspiracy.
@_date: 2018-01-08 13:13:36
It might be a criticism about the state of the .com TLD, but it is not saying that .com should not be used. It is also not a criticism of the content of bitcoin.com today only a denial of the content of bitcoin.com back then. Given the following quote from bitcoin.**org** I wonder if Satoshi would support the content of bitcoin.com today.


Since having bitcoin.org and bitcoin.com be run by different people is also a form of decentralization and seems to be in the spirit of censorship resistance I would support this split. How about that: Read both and draw your own conclusions instead of relying on a statement that was talking about something else entirely. 
@_date: 2018-01-01 22:30:05
The first thing is obvious: If you control which commits can be made and which go into the release you control the direction the software is going. You could, for example, block a block size increase.
You could use said influence to oust developers you do not control.
You could also use said influence to control the discussion at large like I outlined in the comment you just responded to. Read the 2 next sentences to the one you qouted.
@_date: 2018-01-08 17:03:43


You mean IT ISN'T absolutely perfect with perfect scaling? What? /s 
Ethereum still has about double the transactions of bitcoin per day and isn't constantly operating at limit. If it where the effects of crypto kittys would probably have been more drastic. You are right that Ethereum needs to keep working on scaling solutions, but at least they are handling the current demand just fine.


There is where you and I differ I suppose. I don't think  "store of value" should be the number 1 priority. Show that it can work as a currency and then I will believe that it can work as a store of value as well, otherwise the only thing that secures that "value" is price speculation. Which is not enough for me. 
Have fun with your digital gold brick I suppose?
@_date: 2018-01-09 10:40:47
If you think Bitcoin Cash is hackable, then you are welcome to try. 
@_date: 2018-01-10 12:02:31
I may not be witty, but at least I am right. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 13:30:19
Are you claiming that Satoshi was talking about the current bitcoin.com website in 2010? 
He was talking about the content of the bitcoin.com website as it was in 2010 and that it was not related to bitcoin development. "Bitcoin Development" specifically because the forum OP asked if bitcoin.com is a implementation of the bitcoin protocol.
It wasn't back then, but it is undeniable that it is now.
@_date: 2018-01-29 17:02:13
I think that is a common misconception. At least it is one I have encountered often. LTC and BTC are very similar since LTC used satoshis original client with some modifications (mainly replacing the SHA-256 Proof of Work with a Scrypt based PoW). Both have the same DNA basically, but they diverged a lot since then and they never had a shared chain. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 22:24:59
Is your argument here that Ethereum is also not perfect and has not solved Visa level scale yet so it is OK for bitcoin to reach max capacity at half of what ethereum handles?
Ethereum is still ahead of the demand, bitcoin is not. We do not need Visa level scale Ethereum right now so the argument that we don't have it now does not make sense. If you support Lightning and SegWit you should recognize that intermediary steps are necessary sometimes.
That does not however excuse bitcoin from falling behind.
My priority is the Currency aspect of Bitcoin. If I may cite Bitcoin.org:








It is nice and clear, but sadly no longer true. It is not fast and does not have low fees and people argue that it is not a payment network and should be a "store of value" instead. 


Are you kidding me? PayPal? Literally PayPal? Actually worse then PayPal. The US ONLY version of PayPal. 
1. I am not a fucking American.
2. I am a early adopter of Bitcoin and other Crypto currencies. Did you honestly believe that I do not see this suggestion as a giant insult?
3. It is centralized and it is controlled by one of the companies I would trust least with my money.


I do not. Anyone doing that is pretty stupid. I just see that Ethereum can handle more transactions per second then bitcoin can and that ethereum largely stayed ahead of the demand. That is the situation right now.


With the exception that you could actually use said gold. It has value beyond just as a "store of value". Your digital gold brick does not.
@_date: 2018-01-09 21:26:35
It can handle more transactions.
Remember the arguments about WHY SegWit will allow for more transactions per block? It is because it is essentially a block size increase. Sorry... I of course meant Block Weight increase. Witness Data of SegWit transaction does not count towards the Block Size. This is effectively a up to 1.7 MB Block Size upgrade. "Up to" because it depends on the amount of SegWit transactions in the Block since this extra space can only be used by the Witness data. Since no one uses SegWit it is only providing a marginal benefit.
Spamming is interesting with SegWit by the way. Since a spammer could craft SegWit transactions with unusually large Witness data he could bloat the blocks to about 4 MB (Block Weight Limit). 
Bitcoin Cash just has a simple Block Size upgrade to 2 MB which allows for more transactions then the 1.7 MB of SegWit and it allows these 2 MB to be used by all transaction types. It is simple and does not prevent any other scaling solutions to come after it.
2 MB is more transactions per block then 1.7 MB. 
Lightning is not ready yet and could still be years away. There are still unsolved problems with the decentralized routing and the centralization pressure on LN Hubs because of the insufficient on chain scaling. If I remember correctly the LN Developers themselves have said that they would require a substantial block size increase anyways.
I will believe the Lightning benefits when it is actually released.
@_date: 2018-01-10 02:12:44
In that case you should tell Eric Lombrozo that he is wrong about SegWit. I am sure he would like to know such important information since he works on it.
@_date: 2018-01-09 12:41:57
Ah "spammable". Is that why the Mempool is so huge? No it is the other way around. BCH can easily handle more transactions while BTC has a huge backlog issue. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 12:40:51
Satoshi said that in 2010. Ver only bought bitcoin.com in 2014. Satoshi spoke about a bitcoin.com that had nothing to do with bitcoin, but that site no longer exists. The bitcoin.com today IS about bitcoin. It also includes bitcoin cash, but that is a entirely different matter on which Satoshi said nothing.
@_date: 2018-01-18 17:12:11
It absolutely is reckless, but there are people that stupid. I think we got a little insight into that with the BitConnect Collapse. There where many stories about people "investing" more then they could afford to loose, more then they had in some cases. Maybe some of those where just trolling for donations or outright scams, but I totally believe that some where real. I mean... They where stupid enough to invest into BitConnect in the first place. 
@_date: 2018-01-18 13:58:24
That is the theory, but that relies on pushing the medium/small/micro-transactions (in terms of Value) from the chain to lighting. Problem with that is that currently almost no one is using Bitcoin for these types of Transactions because of the Fee. Meaning there would be more transactions on chain compared to now, because the High value transactions would still be on chain and there would be a huge amount of channel open/close/add funds/remove funds for the people who could not use bitcoin before. 
@_date: 2018-01-10 15:05:47


Absolutely and this could be used to argue either way on the Blocksize discussion. All I wanted to say with that is that if you are using the fact that Satoshi added the limit to argue for the continuance of this limit today you should also be aware that Satoshi did consider this to be a temporary limit. If someone is using an appeal to authority, they should at least represent the authority correctly. 
What Satoshi thought back then might not be relevant today, but then the fact that he was the one adding the limit is also not relevant today for the same reasons. 
@_date: 2018-01-24 12:54:19
Ah yes. Government involvement: the true dream of the Crypto Currency revolution. Also please make it the US, because they are obviously superior to any one else and should be world police. /s
@_date: 2018-01-24 14:53:24
Why should they? They are discussing Bitcoin as well as Bitcoin Cash. Just because you don't like what they are saying does not give you the right to demand them to change. It is their subreddit for them to do as they wish. Which was always the reason that was told to me as to why the fascistic "moderation" practices here where supposedly OK.
We couldn't change the "moderation" back then so we split into our own place where we could talk freely. The "moderation" seems to be slightly less then what it was then, but the same people are still in charge and they have lost a significant amount of trust from me and others in the community. At least as long as this remains a second subreddit is needed.
Want to talk about Bitcoin Cash only? Go to r/bch. Bitcoin Only? You can do that here (Or actually somewhere else if your opinion differs from the moderators here). Want to talk about either in a subreddit with open moderator logs then r/btc is the way to go.
There is even a dedicated subreddit to slander Bitcoin Cash: it is called ~~r/bitcoin~~ r/bcash.
More subreddits are better then just one, especially with the history of this one here. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 12:14:58
It is still dishonest to claim that this statement made in 2010 applies to the current form of the site especially since it was sold. The site now is actually about Bitcoin. You could argue that it also has Bitcoin Cash on it, but it is primarily about Bitcoin which was not the case back then. 
@_date: 2018-01-10 18:29:18
I will not go into why a decentralized system is better from a economics point of view (because frankly I am not an expert on that), but instead more the day to day.
One time PayPal was hacked. Not MY PayPal account, but apparently PayPal in general. This hacker managed to send several thousand euro from my account to someone via PayPal. Luckily my bank noticed and called the Police who informed me of all this.
The Police and myself got PayPal to reverse the transaction, but they still charged me with a bullshit fee and froze my account. A FEE for getting money stolen because THEY fucked up their security.
They off course never opened my account again. I am now excluded from using PayPal again. I wouldn't want to anyways. 
They ban a lot of people actually. If you search for it you can find countless stories about how PayPal just closed the account of businesses or donation accounts because essentially PayPal didn't like the business or the donation cause. PayPal also kept the funds in those cases.
Banks aren't really better in that then PayPal. I got my bank accounts frozen several times because of bullshit reasons. Luckily I was able to get them unfrozen after some days. It sucks to not be able to access your money at all and your only recourse is to talk to the bank to convince them to unfreeze. Which sucks because they are the ones who froze the account in the first place.
That is the beauty of a Centralized Payment System.
With bitcoin this could not happen. Censorship resistant means that your transaction will be treated like any other. No one can Freeze your account. No one can ban you from bitcoin. A huge part of that is the decentralized nature of bitcoin. No one has the necessary control to ban someone. A miner could try to do it, but there are always other miners who will include your transaction.
Decentralization also means that the Bitcoin system itself is better protected against outside forces. Governments or other such actors might try to shut bitcoin down. They could shut down individual nodes or miners, but they couldn't shut the whole thing down because of the decentralization.
You could say that I would not have been able to reverse the transaction on Bitcoin because of the immutability and that is true, but I think that such a situation is much harder to create with bitcoin. I am responsible for the security of my Private Key (and therefor my Bitcoins) not some central place that can be hacked because they don't give a fuck about security. 
This immutability also helps me with securing my Bitcoin, because it is a big part of the ability from anyone to Verify the Bitcoin Blockchain for themselves. I only need the Node software and a copy of the Blockchain and I can verify the validity of any transaction. 
@_date: 2018-01-09 10:19:18
It is not misleading. They just provide information about Bitcoin Cash. They say it is a fork of bitcoin. There is no deception and therefore no fraud. 


Is bitcoin hackable? If cash is hackable then so is bitcoin since they share so much code. In fact they where one and the same once. That is what a fork is.


Who is calling it "the real bitcoin"? Bitcoin.com isn't. Your complaint is like going to a Car dealer and complaining that they have both Ford and Ferrari cars.
@_date: 2018-01-08 12:59:34
It was unrelated to bitcoin and bitcoin's development back then. It is about bitcoin now. Your hate for Ver does not make bitcoin.com unrelated to bitcoin and it does not make it a fraud.
@_date: 2018-01-02 00:51:33


Amoung the few key people. You don't need to convince everyone. People have been removed from the git repo before and it should be very clear that they do in fact control the direction bitcoin is going. 
Yes having merge access to bitcoin core does give you the "magic" ability to control Reddit. Except it's not magic. I explaind in my comment, but I am just wasting time here if you are not willing to read properly.
@_date: 2018-01-08 22:35:40


And? That is only a problem for bitcoin core fanatics that can't stand that bitcoin cash is successful. I am pissed off at the lying shills that try to claim that the satoshi quote from 2010 is actually speaking about the bitcoin.com of today (which only exists since 2014).
Unless satoshi is a time traveler he was talking about a entirely different site. 
@_date: 2018-01-30 10:04:27
Bitcoin Cash never used Bcash as their name in anything. Bcash was invented by anti-Bitcoin-Cash people who wanted to gain controll over the discussion about Bitcoin Cash. They registered sites and subreddits in this name as part of a misinformation campaign.
That is why people get offended by the name. You are, wilingly or not, contributing to an misinformation and censorship campaign.
@_date: 2018-01-08 12:10:06
It is misleading. This statement was made in 2010 and Ver bought the domain in 2014. It is not about the current bitcoin.com, but a completely unrelated thing that no longer exists.
@_date: 2018-01-09 10:09:10


It has. It is also on Bitcoin.com where is the problem? The People of Bitcoin.com think that someone interested in bitcoin might be also interested in Bitcoin Cash. Which is why they provide information about Cash.
Someone who originally heard about bitcoin a long time ago might search for a P2P Electronic Cash System and since bitcoin is a "store of value" now and not a Cash System linking them to an actual P2P Electronic Cash System is only logical. 
@_date: 2018-01-24 12:51:31
The r/btc subreddit is a lot older then Bitcoin Cash. It came about because of the rampant "moderation" of opinions that was happening here. 
@_date: 2018-01-07 20:27:38


Wallets don't support it, not even Bitcoin Core supports SegWit fully. Why should the exchanges implement something if there is no easy way for people to use it?
@_date: 2018-01-08 13:37:01
We don't need to discuss the same thing twice in different threads. Answer to that here: 
@_date: 2018-01-24 22:23:08
I honestly got what I expected: All talk, no thought. 
@_date: 2018-01-10 12:49:29
Every transaction is a variable amount of bytes long. This amount of bytes is the Size of that Transaction.
The size of all the transactions in a block + some meta information of the block is the Size of the block. This is the Blocksize.
There is a limit in the consensus protocol about how big a block can be. This is the Blocksize Limit.
This effectively limits the amount of transactions in a block and since blocks should be found every ~10 minutes it also limits the amount of transactions per second.
When there are more transactions then this limit (like it has been for a long time now) your transaction might not be included in the next block but maybe in the one after that or even later. The miners are prioritizing transactions with a higher fee when they decide which to include in the next block.
Since new transactions come in all the time it might take a long while (hours, days, even weeks in some cases) until your transaction is in a block. This is why the fees are so high. Everyone trying to outbidding each other for a better chance to get their transaction confirmed in a reasonable time.
What d3pd above pointed out is true, Satoshi did put in the block size limit of 1 MB. However he conveniently forgot to mention is that Satoshi also discussed plans of raising this temporary limit long before we ever hit it.
Blocksize and blocksize limit is a lot more complicated then that. For instance I completely ignore Block Weight, Internet Speeds, Block propagation times, SegWit and other stuff in this comment, but it is already a long comment so I will have to leave it out. 
Hope that Helps
@_date: 2018-01-01 20:20:40
They could do a lot with that control.
General consensus often gets overwritten or influenced by pointing to "expert" or "developer" consensus. In the bitcoin community that often means consensus between a limited number of experts or developers. Ignoring any disagreeing voices, expert, developer or otherwise.
That fork has alredy happened, but a lot of people are clinging to the core developers and just belive whatever they say. Who then disparrage said fork in any way they can. Combined with heavy Orwell style "moderation" it is clear why so many have not cougth on to why said fork was needed.
Core alredy showed with the HK agreement that they basicaly needed to trick miners into running their code. Or do you think they just wrote the section about running core exclusively just for the fun of it.
@_date: 2018-01-10 01:40:24
What is wong? Just saying "you are wrong" is not an argument.
Do you deny that SegWit is a Block size increase? In that case you should talk to Eric Lombrozo or Luke-jr. Both of them are Bitcoin Core developers and both of them have stated that it is a Block Size increase. Or you could simply read the section about Block Size in [BIP141 Segregated Witness \(Consensus Layer\)]( where is explains the Block Weight concept.
@_date: 2018-01-18 14:03:29
Not sure if the post above was sarcastic, but there are still people who do not know that you can buy less then a full Bitcoin. The Price right now is 11736 USD and I have met people who believe that if they only have 10K to invest they couldn't buy bitcoin right now.
@_date: 2018-01-08 14:02:18
A lot of People have dropped bitcoin for Payments and that is stifling growth. The fact that bitcoin is still growing is only because most people don't know much about bitcoin. It is broken.


I can't because I and most others think that running a system at max capacity 24/7/365 is a very bad Idea and therefore ignore anything that plans to run like that. I can however show you a system that is NOT running at capacity with much more, faster and cheaper transactions then Bitcoin: It is called Ethereum, you might have heard about it.
@_date: 2018-01-08 12:59:44
It was unrelated to bitcoin and bitcoin's development back then. It is about bitcoin now. Your hate for Ver does not make bitcoin.com unrelated to bitcoin and it does not make it a fraud.
@_date: 2017-12-31 12:58:35


Blockstream does not need to controll all developers, just the few with with write access. Which they do.
@_date: 2017-12-19 21:34:52


That is not the Bitcoin I invested in long ago. If Bitcoin is now some plaything for the rich then it can go die for all I care. If I have to use some altcoin for low value transactions why not just use that one for high value transactions as well? Continue to use Visa? That is exactly what Bitcoin was supposed to free us from! Bitcoin not being able to handle these transactions just means that Bitcoin failed.
@_date: 2017-12-15 16:25:05
It uses the same... everything really. So just import your Bitcoin private key in a Bitcoin Cash wallet or your Bitcoin Cash private key in a Bitcoin wallet. There are your coins.
@_date: 2017-12-20 01:23:07
Last time I checked SegWit was barely used and barely usable. While you might believe that UASF or the failed S2X is the reason for the Price increase there isn't any evidence to that. It might simply be unrelated or we might be in a bubble. I don't know and you don't know. The original promises of bitcoin are simply not there anymore for me.
@_date: 2017-12-06 14:28:11
It comes down to this: The people in r/btc want to discuss bitcoin without being "moderated" and they want to also discuss bitcoin cash with that. You don't believe that bitcoin cash should be discussed in a bitcoin subreddit? Fine you can remain here in r/bitcoin, but please don't be like the fa2cist who I replied to above who wants to take that away (even calling for legal action? WTF). 
I believe that Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin are much closer related than just any altcoin because of the shared genesis block and I would like to discuss them together. I can't do that here so I go over there. Do you want to forbid me from speaking because I hold this opinion?  
Can we please coexist peacefully? Is that too much to ask? We have our space and you have yours. The people here already largely ostracized us from this space. Please don't also police the space we went afterwards. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 22:51:18
No, it has lost value. There is nothing that it can do now that it couldn't do before and there are things that it can't do now that it could before. It is only because of speculation that the price is so high. Am I wrong?
@_date: 2017-12-03 11:20:41
I read somewhere (take this with a grain of salt) that the average US Houshold earns about 40k a year. If that number is right then there simply might be less people who can afford to buy 20k in crypto then you might think.
Things to keep in mind: 
- Many households earn less then that.
- A tiny amount of super rich can skew this number upwards.
- In some cities in the US you need to earn a lot more simply to live which means they might not be able to spend on optional items. Think about someone earning 100k but living in San Francisco for example.
- How many earn more then that, but have no savings because of student or medical dept.
I would not be surprised if the majority of the people joining coinbase are spending a lot less then 10k.
@_date: 2017-12-06 10:01:27
is about all things Bitcoin which, if you like it or not, includes bitcoin cash. As such the name is fine. 
@_date: 2017-12-25 19:56:02
We should not jump to conclusions, but equaly we should not disqualify posibilities without reasons. Yes he is "filthy rich". He also has a giant target on his back and has most likely not used his riches in any way.
@_date: 2017-12-06 12:06:33
The subreddit is being squatted by anti-bitcoin cash people. Please follow the discussion thread next time. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 05:25:37
You can save your recommendation, I have been trading crypto for years and know what I am doing.
But why should I move away from Bitcoin? Is disagreement no longer allowed in this community? I guess that is a way to form consensus. Disagree? Go Away! There are many in this community who disagree. 
Yes coffee transactions are no longer possible with Bitcoin. First it was Micro transactions which where no longer possible because of the fees, then the not so Micro ones. Then the coffee transactions and now we have moved even beyond that. If I can quote your list from above: 


I guess that major appliances are the next on that list to go away as well? Bitcoin is useless for most transactions right now and all the solutions that are even considered are so far away. That is the kind of thing that makes people loose trust into bitcoin. The moment that happens is the moment the "store of value" goes away as well. 
What stays is Bitcoin as a pure investment thing. Is that the goal of Bitcoin? To be a rich guy plaything and nothing more? Is that the cypherpunk revolution? 
If it is then without me. It is just Bankers and MBAs right now and they can go to hell. 
@_date: 2017-12-06 13:21:17
Nope. Litecoin did never share a chain with bitcoin. Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin both originate from the same block and share part of their chains.
@_date: 2017-12-25 12:25:00
Satoshi has not moved a single coin since Years. He might be dead or he is purposely not moving any of the coins that the community knows are from satoshi. Simply having Bitcoin or Fiat does not make you rich and simply beeing rich does not prevent you from dying or getting killed, you have to actually use it for the money to have any effect.
@_date: 2017-12-25 12:14:39
He set the limit himself but he did it explicitly as a Temporary limit and he was very clear about raising the limit long before we ever hit it. Read satoshis posts in this thread for instance: 
Please inform yourself before you accuse someone else of lying.
@_date: 2016-03-14 12:21:56
Apple has the full source code, the Code Signing Key, have the most combined experience with the Code and control the infrastructure necessary.
Each of these things make it significantly easier to do this kind of thing and the FBI has (hopefully) none of these things.
@_date: 2017-03-11 02:37:06
I don't understand what you mean, your comment seems to mix different concepts together. I will address these concepts individually. If you meant something different then I apologize.


I don't really understand what you mean by payout. Bitcoin is not a stock where you might get regular cash dividends or something like that. Bitcoin is a currency and as such it rises and falls in value when compared to other currencies. Every currency behaves this way.
In 2011 when I started with bitcoin ~1.5 bitcoin could buy you a pizza. Today 1.5 bitcoin could buy you a new MacBook Pro. If you had 1.5 bitcoin in 2011 (and didn't spend it all on pizza) then you could have made a profit of ~1,800$.
The same is true for other currencies as well (just with less significant swings). I could have changed 1 Euro to 1.4 Dollar in 2014, but today the Euro to Dollar exchange rate is basically 1 to 1. 
Euro lost value compared to Dollar and bitcoin gained value compared to Dollar.


The BTC/USD exchange Volume in the last 24 hours is about 102,406 BTC (or approximately 115,646,071.74 Dollar). These 100k bitcoin where bought/sold in the last 24 hours for the actual worth of the bitcoin. That is already a large amount. Add in that I only looked at 4 Exchanges and only at the BTC/USD volume.
There where also a huge number transactions made with bitcoin. Block  for instance (2017-03-11 00:40:41 GMT) contained about 2200 transactions with a combined value of 5,124.01684495 BTC (About 5.6 Million Dollar). Presumably these transactions are payment for some kind of good or service and presumably they did get a somewhat fair price. We can never know for sure if that is actually the case since bitcoin transactions are anonymous transactions. What we can be sure though is that 1 such block with similar amounts of transactions gets generated every 10 minutes.
Or is there a misunderstanding about the "actual worth"? Because there is no such thing as "actual worth". There is just people willing to buy and sell things at specific prices or exchange currency for different currency at specific rates. If the 2 groups (Buyers and Sellers) have overlap at a specific price point then that is the price of this item. (That is of course a extreme simplification)


You can offer a Product or Service and accept bitcoin as a Payment. I know some people who do Software Consulting and offer bitcoin as a payment option.
Or do you mean as a wage? Sure you can! Well, probably not you specifically, but there are companies that offer to pay wages in bitcoin. You could ask your employer. I had an Interview for a Software Developer Position at KnCMiner and they definitely offered to pay in bitcoin. (I didn't take the position though)


I can't really see that. Commodity has multiple definitions:
    (economics) Raw materials, agricultural and other primary products as objects of large-scale trading in specialized exchanges.
It gets Traded at specialized exchanges (so do all other currencies as well), but its neither a Raw material, agricultural or primary product.
    (marketing) Undifferentiated goods characterized by a low profit margin, as distinguished from branded products.
Not really applicable. But if it were then bitcoin would be the branded product and something like LTC or DODGE would be the commodity crypto currency.
    (Marxism) Anything which has both a use-value and an exchange-value.
It has an exchange value, but no use value. Or if you define "you can buy stuff" as use value, then all other currencies would fall under that definition as well.
There is also this Definition:
    Something useful or valuable.
But that is overly broad to me. Bitcoin is valuable, so it would fall under that definition, but is that really a useful thing to say? It's valuable, therefore it's a commodity?
For me bitcoin is a currency.
This is probably my longest comment ever, but I hope I could help or at least provide a different perspective.
@_date: 2017-03-30 14:22:05
You really think that someone who switched to android completely (as a replacement to a laptop) has a Server or PC in his home that he can run as a node?
There are (unfortunately) so many people today who would only use their PC as Email/Facebook/Chat devices and that can be done just as well on a Tablet or Phone.
@_date: 2017-03-17 13:24:50
This is my recollection, it may contain errors:
"They" signed the HK Agreement that included a 2MB Hardfork and then claimed that this has no bearing on Bitcoin Core or Blockstream since they where there as "Individuals" and not as representatives of Core or Blockstream.
They did however hold the Miners that signed up to their part of the agreement despite having no intentions about holding up their own end.
Except for Adam Back who did accidentally sign as "President Blockstream" and later tried to change that. Which should tell you everything you need to know, in my Opinion, about what a Adam Back signature or promise is worth.
@_date: 2017-03-11 00:10:37
There are some services and payment processors that allow bitcoin as payment. On the Internet off course, but also in meatspace if you live in the right city. It is definitely a currency.
My answer was more from the perspective of someone who trades bitcoin and exploits the changing exchange rates for profit. Since that is what I do. Also when talking about people who have millions of dollar in bitcoin it is highly likely that those people are traders.
I guess a "payout" does not have to be dollar. It could also be a house, car, or a coffee if you like. I don't really think of this as a "payout" though. That is just using bitcoin to buy stuff.
@_date: 2017-03-07 10:36:33
1. How do you leap from "protocol should be frozen" to "fundamentally designed to replicate the features of gold"? That is a huge unsupported leap there.
2. The Protocol should be frozen, but it has too many bugs: could he have meant that these bugs should be fixed (Via hard fork, soft fork, or other methods) and then the protocol should be frozen? I would like to read the actual Satoshi quote here since this does make a lot more sense to me then: The Protocol has bugs and therefore can't be frozen, but don't ever hard fork.
3. Freezing a matured protocol makes sense, but usually in software development you get a mature protocol by introducing breaking changes along the way. In bitcoin a hard fork will be the result of a breaking change which makes this a little bit more complicated, but it might still be necessary.
4. That is Adam "bitcoin is hashcash with inflation control" Back? CEO of Blockstream? Of course he has a reason to be against hard forks. A hard fork would be devastating to SegWit which he tries to push. A hard fork would also reduce the control over bitcoin that core has and it would therefore reduce his control over bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-11 10:53:11
With Dollar and Euro you have Cent witch is 0.01 Euro or Dollar. In the bitcoin world you have satoshis (named after the Inventor of bitcoin) which is defined as 0.00000001 BTC or rather a Bitcoin is defined as having 10^8 satoshi.
I have never bought a slice of pizza, but where I live a pizza costs about 8.20 Euro which is about 0.00733413 BTC or 733,413 Satoshi.
Some wallets have started to implement different ways to express such values. For instance my wallet allows me to send Bitcoin in mBTC (milli Bitcoin) which makes those 8.20 Euro about 7.33413 mBTC. There is a pretty good list about the bitcoin units here: 


There are a few things that bitcoin does better then fiat currency:
- With Dollar, you need a bank. If you don't you have to do everything in person and with cash. That is not the case with bitcoin. You install a wallet on your computer or phone and you will be instantly able to receive bitcoin from all over the world.
- Banks have fees and especially when you want to send money internationally those fees can get expensive quick and without a bank it is going to be impractical. With bitcoin you also have transaction fees, but they are lower and they are the same regardless to who you send your bitcoin to.
- Bitcoin are faster then bank transactions.
I am sure there are other things as well, but those are the ones that come to my mind right now.
@_date: 2017-03-17 16:57:23


Yes. What this does not show however is the behavior of some of the participants which is what I needed my ability to recollect this time for. The 2MB hard fork is long overdue according to this agreement, but despite of this it is nowhere to be seen in the plans of core. 
@_date: 2017-03-10 22:12:41
Have you ever heard about someone buying when the price was relatively high? You probably have heard about this situation a lot. Especially when the price falls shortly afterwards. People like to complain about their bad luck. It happens all the time. People buy all the time, even when the price is breaking it's all time high. Bitcoin gets bought every minute of every day.
Here is the thing: If someone bought, someone else sold. If you want to exchange bitcoin for millions of dollar all at once then you probably have a problem finding enough buyers, but a "payout" can be achieved regardless. Not all at once but in small pieces over time.
@_date: 2017-03-07 09:29:35


I am very interested in this claim. Can you point me to the parts of the Whitepaper that support this or are there additional clarifying documents that support this?


Wouldn't that also be against Soft Forks? A change is a change. 
@_date: 2017-01-25 14:38:25
Interesting links there, but I don't see a clear "community decision".
Node count does not really mean anything. Yes a high percentage do run the newer versions of core which I presume are SegWit ready, but there is a reason why Node count does not factor in to SegWit activation. It is just too unreliable.
That Libs, Exchanges, Wallets and others prepare for SegWit is clear, but they have to. They don't have any control over when (or if) SegWit activates and have to be ready for it. That does not mean they agree with SegWit, but they have to prepare for it.
The only thing that really counts in these links is at the very bottom. The stagnating Miner Signaling at around 25%.
@_date: 2016-12-07 21:41:29
I am not spinning anything. You are trying to sell a admin fuckup as something of a Victory and I simply don't get why. The admins banned nullc, maybe because of the mods of btc, maybe because of user reports, maybe because they felt like it, we simply don't know. The admins reversed their decision. So what? Where is the Victory for anyone here?
You say there was no Doxxing. I say that it is not for you or I to decide. That is for the admins to decide since they are the one that have nuked subreddits because of doxxing in the past. I know you probably don't give a fuck about what happens to rbtc but the people there do.
Read the first quote in nullc's comment above in this thread carefully. I guess this is from a reddit admin he spoke to. For me it reads like he did break the rules as written, but the admins have the right to decide on a case by case basis and are letting it go this time. It also reads like the are politely suggesting that he does not do this again. Which, to me, mean that if there where user reports on his comments these reports where justified.
@_date: 2016-12-07 15:44:52
Isn't this a bit disingenuous to call out the users and moderators for a decision they didn't (and couldn't) make? The decision about a ban or timeout was in the hands of the admins and they decided to handle the situation like this.
Nullc was reported for doxxing in that sub and was given 2 chances to redact personal information in his comments before any action was taken. In the past reddit has taken the stance that it will delete entire subreddits that do not enforce the doxxing rules. We can argue if this rule is censorship or if this rule makes sense, but the fact is that EVERY SUBREDDIT needs to enforce this if it wants to continue to exist. rBTC is not at fault for this stupidity.
If I was not assuming good faith then I would interpret this as an attempt at taking down that sub by someone very outspoken against that subreddit. Of course the rBTC folks are reporting someone in their sub that breaks the rules. Nullc should not be above the rules especially not if his actions lead to rBTC be taken down. Talk about dirty tactics why don't you talk about this.
@_date: 2016-12-07 13:38:26
I don't think I understand what you are saying correctly, could you clarify a bit for the none native english speakers?
Are you saying that the mods at the other sub banned nullc? Because that should not be possible since only admins can do that and as far as I am aware neither this nor the other sub has admins in the mod team.
And are you saying that the other sub is connected with British Inteligence Agencies? Is there any evidence to that? If there is I would like to read it.
@_date: 2016-12-07 21:07:49




I wanted to say insincere or dishonest. Those are synonyms of disingenuous right? As I said, I am not a native english speaker. And I do think it is dishonest to blame someone for the actions of another just because you don't like that person.


What do you mean by that?
@_date: 2017-11-01 16:39:58
Is that the case for germany as well? This is what I heard last about the laws in germany. In any case I will confirm such things with my accountant first off course.
@_date: 2017-11-11 18:08:04
Complains about doxxing has taken down Sub Reddits before. Reddit (as in the Admins not Mods) are very strange and unpredictable about stuff like this.
Removing this link just makes sense and you spamming this link here is only putting this Sub Reddit in danger.
@_date: 2017-11-16 16:26:31
How is the other sub censoring it? I can't find your post in the ModLog.
@_date: 2017-11-01 14:44:53
I have bought most of my bitcoin (NOT a large sum, but significant for myself) when it was around 9$ per coin and since I did hold them longer then 1 Year they are Tax free for me.
Honestly, it would need a big catastrophe for me to walk away unhappy. Even a fairly big price crash would still leave me with a good sized profit. Of course I could then be angry about what it could have been, but what would be the point of that.
@_date: 2017-11-16 17:58:38
Who else has the Power to censor something in a Sub Reddit? Or was it actually never removed? 
@_date: 2017-09-27 14:51:22
You are using a Quote from Satoshi in which he argues for bigger blocks and you are using it against SegWit2x. You are trying to use it to shut down discussion about SegWit2x. That is hilarious to me.
Actually read the full quote, because (unlike you) Satoshi actually made an argument before he wrote that sentence. Which, in my opinion, is the difference between being slightly rude and being a condescending asshole. 
@_date: 2017-09-10 15:03:42
Yes it is just math, which is why I could tell you that you are wrong without being an authority. Math has rules. You did not follow the rules and therefore you have a incorrect result.
If someone where to claim that 20 pound is more then 10 kg because the number is bigger then I would tell them that they are an idiot. If you are comparing 2 numbers you have to make sure that they are actually on the same scale or else the comparison is useless.
You are doing basically the same by comparing a 10 block MA and a 24h MA as if they are the same. They are not the same thing.
Calling this a Moving Average Crossover just shows us that you don't know how a Moving Average Crossover works since it only works if you have moving averages of the same data.
@_date: 2017-09-10 15:40:51
Well, isn't that nice for you. You could have waited until what you wanted to say was actually compatible with reality, but instead you chose to be either incompetent or a liar. 
@_date: 2017-10-30 13:24:56
I would bet it is because there are not as many people living in these areas.
Here is a map of the population density in germany in 2011: [Wikipedia](
It matches up quite nicely. You can for instance easily spot Berlin on both maps. It is the big blue blob in the north east of germany on the bitcoin map and the big red blob on the population density map.
@_date: 2017-09-22 14:18:39


Why is that? Correct me if I am wrong here, but there was not a lot of support from the mining community until the Segwit2x agreement. Segwit alone was at ~20% and the 2x agreement pushed it to above 80%. This leads me to believe that there are a lot of miners supporting the 2x agreement. Why are they anti-2x now?
@_date: 2017-09-10 12:20:20


No it is not a great post. OP used different times for each moving average with the numbers chosen to get this specific result. If you use 10 block moving average for both then BCH has 38 and Segwit only 10.8.
38 &gt; 10.8
Hate on BCH all you wan't, but don't reward shitty manipulated statistics.
@_date: 2017-09-27 13:29:57
Read the post you quoted in full please, because using this quote to argue against bigger blocks is absolutely hilarious. 
@_date: 2017-10-04 15:57:35
SegWit is a Soft Fork not a Software Fork.
@_date: 2017-10-04 16:11:07


SegWit2x just increases the Max Block size if it is not needed then the blocks afterwards would still be 1mb in size with no change.


If the SegWit2x Fork is successful Core could simply implement the new Consensus rules and stay "in control". The only thing that prevents them from doing so is their own stubbornness.


Then Core is not the Team for you. I would be surprised if such a team exists. 


Then Core is not the Team for you. With the control exercised by a corporation (Blockstream) which is funded by a mega corporation (AXA). At least BitMain is a Bitcoin Corp and not funded by the fiat banking system. 
@_date: 2017-10-11 22:03:10
No, that is not what this commit does. SegWit2x is a Fork and I don't mean a Hard Fork or Soft Fork, it is a Open Source Software Fork (it's a hard fork as well, but I only mean the other Type of Fork now). Meaning they Cloned the Source Repository and Uploaded it under a different Name to work on it independently. 
Happens a lot in Open Source especially if part of the community disagrees with the direction the current maintainers are taking the project, just look at OpenOffice and LibreOffice.
What the Commit specifically does is change the README file to point to a different Web Site where you can inform yourself about the Fork. It is also there to direct "Support" requests and complaints to them instead of to Core. Which is the Proper way of doing things because Core certainly does not want to support what a different Team does.
All of that has absolutely no effect on the Core repository. There is no change in the permissions. 
This has also no effect on Community involvement. This new fork is also Open Source just like Core. If you want to get involved you can do so.
Core is also not "out of the loop". If they follow the same consensus code as the rest of the network they will continue to be part of that same network. If SegWit2x is in the minority then they will Hard Fork away from Core and Core is still in control. If SegWit is in the majority then they will Hard Fork away from Core and Core will still be in Control. In that second case however Core is in control of a minority chain and if that is still called bitcoin then remains to be seen. 
@_date: 2017-09-10 12:14:02
In a moving average crossover both moving averages are from the same data. Look at the example in your Wikipedia link: Both the 15 and 50 day Moving average is of the Close Price.
I have never seen any implementation of a moving average crossover that uses different data for each ma like you did. Used in the way that you used it tells us only 1 thing: You don't understand Moving Average Crossovers.
@_date: 2017-10-30 12:53:34
Don't know about literal rainbow coloring, but at least a color gradient does work. So I wouldn't be surprised if a rainbow colored QR code would work just fine if each of the colors provide enough contrast to the background.
Here is a tool that can generate a QR Code with color gradients and even Logos in the middle of the Code: 
CC: @_date: 2017-10-04 15:20:18
The trick here is that these [BIP39 mnemonics]( are generated from a defined wordlist which guarantees that the first 4 letters are enough to get the word. 
Going to the [English Wordlist]( and searching for ROCK will give you Rocket and Rocket only. In my  experience the wallets that implemented BIP39 also help in the interface by completing words as soon as it is unique. At least the ones I have tried.
@_date: 2016-05-29 18:59:35


I heard about Bitcoin in 2011. I think the Price back then was around 9$. I read a little bit about Bitcoin but was too distracted with other stuff around that time so I forgot about it again. I was reminded again in 2013 and started trading a little bit on the biggest Trading Platform in that time. What could go wrong, right? The biggest Trading Platform back then was MtGox which means I was right on Time for the MtGox Bankruptcy.
Sometimes it just works like that.
@_date: 2017-05-01 15:18:21
My questions where more general questions that come up in situations like this.




Nope you aren't. See:


Now they have to maintain it. You said they had no Programmers? That is a risk. Of course you wouldn't and couldn't switch. Switching would have meant that they would have to create a full time position in IT and replace your old position. These things are simply not done this way.
It also sounds like you are fairly young and not that high in the corporate ladder? So they hardly could have held you accountable anyway.


This is how I know you have no real experience with IT. I don't mean the technical side of things. I mean the practical side of things. Even if they should know MS Office, even if they should know Excel, they probably don't. I would even be surprised if they know how to use a computer. IT are the people who help out when there is a problem, if someone knows the level of knowledge about excel in the company then it is them.
People panic and somehow shut down all thinking when a computer is involved. As soon as they have to do something that is even slightly outside of what they do every day. 


Sure. Just because they are in IT doesn't mean they are more receptive to innovation. I myself heard about bitcoin in 2010-2011 by coincidence, but I also don't confuse luck with being especially receptive to innovation.
@_date: 2017-05-01 12:04:04
I know this is a little off topic, but your comment just didn't sit right with me.


I am a software developer (so not IT, but close) and I would have looked at something like that skeptical as well. Who maintains this? Who is fixing bugs? How is the quality of this thing written by someone with no formal training? Do I have to clean it up first? Who is responsible if it does damage to the company?
You didn't offer to quit your job to switch over to IT did you? You didn't offer to take over those responsibilities in addition to your job?
Also: If they are anything like any IT that I have ever seen, then they where probably fighting for changes themselves. Fighting to be allowed to do more and getting push-back from management above. IT is rarely appreciated and I would bet that the push-back you received was simply you being in their shoes this time. If your regular position in the company is something that management respects even a little, then you probably didn't even get the full force of the push-back.
IT is a shitty place to work in most of the time. They are invisible when everything works. So clueless managers start to wonder why they pay them so much even when they are underpaid and underfunded anyways. When something does not work they wonder the same again.
@_date: 2017-05-18 15:08:21
0.00001 Bitcoin is about 2 Cent. WannaCry ask for much more to decrypt the victims stuff, but instead they Paid 2 Cent to tell them "FuckU".
@_date: 2017-05-18 14:25:39
I think the assumption here is that users overpay in anticipation of stuck transactions or long confirmation times and that users could just create new tx with lower fees and rbf enabled instead. They could then bump the fee if there is actual need for a higher fee.
I am personally unconvinced that this holds up in the real world, there are just to many issues with rbf and fees in general at the moment.
@_date: 2017-05-18 15:23:17


Yeah, me too. That would be a great business. I could make so much money.
@_date: 2017-05-11 07:08:18
Is that really an argument? Investors aren't impressed by simple solutions so let's blow their minds by making it incomprehensible for them? Technical decisions should not be made by how mind blown an investors mind is.
@_date: 2017-07-07 10:37:16


Where exactly do you propose that line should be drawn? Not the 1$ Coffee and I presume not a 10$ Lunch either. Where is the Line? Is a 1000$ significant enough for Bitcoin? I am fairly sure that if we ask a banker he would argue that only sums above my entire net worth are actually significant transactions. Also: How low does the line have to be to not transform from a useful currency into a speculation only currency and 1%ter Toy?
Those 20k$ Nodes are not really what big blockers argue about because we can have much bigger blocks then 1MB even with hardware that is a fraction as Powerful as those 20k$ nodes (and costing a fraction of it as well).
@_date: 2017-06-04 17:21:24
Basically what OP is saying is that: If I hold a gun to your head and demand you give me all your money then it is your fault if you die. You could have just submitted to my demands and it never would have come to that.
Replace gun with BIP148 and the demand is SegWit activation.
@_date: 2017-06-10 19:25:51
You want Americans in Control? Why? You do know that there are Bitcoiners all around the world right? Why should you Americans be in control?
Do you have any actual arguments other then "Murica  Down with the Commies!" type shit you are spouting here?
@_date: 2017-06-04 13:26:26
Did you read the comment you replied to? I was talking about this exact rule. Difficulty adjustment is every 2016 Blocks. If there is only 1 Block per week you are going to wait more then 38 Years for this difficulty adjustment.
It's literally the second sentence of the comment you replied to.
You don't like Jihan or BU? Fine support Core then, but UASF/BIP148 is idiotic.
@_date: 2017-06-04 08:37:54
You are aware that difficulty adjustment with 1h blocks is going to take around 12 Weeks right? Who in their right mind would support this slow chain for 12 Weeks?
You are assuming that most people want SegWit and are actively going to switch to the minority chain. I would say that most people are probably not even aware of SegWit. Most people are not going to switch to the chain with 1h block times, that is going to look like an altcoin on the exchanges or which is not even listed by the exchanges. (or do you think that the SegWit chain is going to get the Bitcoin symbol? Not going to happen)
There are more people actively against UASF then for UASF. Even most SegWit supporters are against UASF. Maybe you and your fellow traitors are going to try to dump their coins in an attempt to lower the value of Bitcoin, but you will not succeed. You do not have any kind of majority. Not economic or otherwise.
@_date: 2017-06-06 08:56:39
Is that true? BIP148 states that if SegWit is not activated before epoch time 1501545600 the BIP will deactivate. Correct me if I am wrong, but that does mean that after this point those Nodes and Miners would rejoin the Majority chain and abandon the BIP148 Chain if BIP148 does not get the necessary miner Support to have a successful activation period. 
@_date: 2017-06-04 18:11:13
I guess 1MB per week is all you guys need since you don't actually use Bitcoin.
For how long is SegWit trying to gain Miner Support and is still sitting at 20%? 8 Weeks is not going to be a long time to gain support for something that is basically saying: Fuck the Miners.
@_date: 2017-06-04 10:55:11


That is what I outlined as best case. Right now it seems like 1 Week block times would be the case, but if we generously assume that the SegWit supporting miners start mining for BIP148 then we would get 1h times and 12 Weeks difficulty adjustment. That is BEST CASE and it will still be crippled for 12 Weeks.
Also keep in mind that there is an expiration date on BIP148, if this best case scenario does not happen, then they will not reach difficulty adjustment before the expiration date.
@_date: 2017-06-01 14:15:32
Code has no Uptime.
@_date: 2017-06-04 18:00:29
SegWit is a very complicated thing and I am not a supporter of it so I might not be the right person to explain. The short version is this:


SegWit does this by introducing a new Transaction type (that will be seen as "Anyone Can Spend" by NonSegWit nodes) and it also introduces a size/fee discount on these SegWit transaction by only counting the none witness data in the size of the transaction.
To activate SegWit 95% of the Miners would need to put a specific signal into their blocks showing that they support SegWit and are ready for it. Miners currently do not support SegWit (only around 20% signal for it). Some of the Supporters of SegWit have taken that rather personal and have decided they need to FORCE the miners to support it against their will. 
This is where BIP148 comes in. BIP148 has a activation date (August 1st) at which point the BIP148 enforcing nodes will be rejecting every block that is not signaling for SegWit. This will split the chain in 2 and is the most risky and stupid proposal I have ever heard.
This chain split is going to create chaos and losses for everyone involved and will damage Bitcoin permanently.  Which is why the OP (despite being a BIP148 supporter) acknowledges the damage it will cause and tries to blame everyone else because they are at fault if they didn't listen to the BIP148 demands.
@_date: 2017-06-05 01:07:04
Adding a rule to Bitcoin which makes blocks that where previously considered valid into now invalid blocks is a consensus change and should be considered a hardfork.
You are creating a contentious hardfork and try to blame everyone else, because you know what chaos and damage it is going to cause.
@_date: 2017-06-04 10:10:17
Because the BIP148 chain will have 1h block times in the best case and 1week block times in the worst case. This will go on for the ~2000 blocks needed for difficulty adjustment. This chain will be crippled for 12-2000 Weeks depending on how much hashpower supports BIP148. Remember why UASF was proposed in the first place? No Miner support. No Hashpower.
You are overstating the support for SegWit and BIP148. SegWit does not have any kind of majority (economic or otherwise) and BIP148 is not even supported by every SegWit supporter.
Also "Literally all the protocol upgrades people have been waiting for..."? Didn't you forget one important one that people wanted for more then 3 Years? The one you are not allowed to talk about here? The Majority chain will also do protocol upgrades when the minority SegWit support switched chains. 
The Majority chain will immediately be more valuable since it will not be crippled by the missing hashpower. It will take slightly longer than 2 weeks to get the difficulty to adjust and after that it will roll out its own scaling solutions.
There is simply no reason to support BIP148. If you want SegWit just buy LTC. BIP148 will be a altcoin all the same.
@_date: 2017-06-03 21:53:10
Why do you think that the legacy chain will be the one with slow confirmation times? The UASF chain is going to have 1%-15% of the Miners and therefore about 1h block confirmation times in the best case. SegWit is not even going to kick in immediately and is also going to take a while to provide any scaling benefits after activation.
On the other hand: The Majority chain is going to go on like it ever has with only a little bit of hashpower lost.
There is no reason why UASFCoin would be more valuable, quite the opposite in fact.
@_date: 2017-06-04 17:06:12
You can not have a chain with gaps. Filtering out the non SegWit blocks means you either stop seeing any more blocks (if there are no BIP148 enforcing Miners) or (if there is at least one miner) you will be on a different chain. 