@_author: norfix
@_date: 2017-09-21 02:45:16
Maybe we are saying similar things in a different way but you generalized that "most of these types of trades are not taxable events" and that would almost never be true. It would only really work out that way if at the end of the year you had no holdings and all of your gains were equal to all of your losses. Then the net capital gain/loss is $0.
I should clarify that currently the IRS only considers wash rules to apply to stocks and securities so this topic is a bit of a tangent.
I assumed from the OP question that he was primarily concerned with gains and not losses. Generally, anytime you buy at $X and sell at $X+1 the +$1 is taxable (net of investment expenses). You could (again if this was securities) have other sales at losses to offset the +$1 gain (outside of the wash rules window) throughout the year but nothing in the mechanics of buying and selling makes a particular sale a non-taxable event.
@_date: 2017-09-20 23:44:57
I don’t think you understand what a wash sale is and it absolutely does not make buying and selling non-taxable events.
The wash sale rules are to prevent someone from selling a capital asset at a loss for tax purposes and then within a short period of time repurchasing to capture future gains. An example would be selling at a $500 loss on December 31st so you can claim the loss on your taxes but then you rebuy 10 days later because you think you’ll see gains in the future. This makes you unable to claim the loss as a deduction and the “loss” you realized in the tax year is just added to your basis of the asset. It never makes transactions non-taxable. It just changes what the cost basis of your asset was.
@_date: 2017-09-20 22:49:11
Do you live in the US? If so, the IRS considers BTC that is bought and sole speculatively as property for tax purposes. Meaning, you'll need to pay taxes on gains and can write-off losses to the extent that you could any stock or mutual fund sale. If you receive BTC as payment for good and services, the value change do to the fluctuation in exchange rate is treated differently (and more complicatedly) but you're just buying and selling on an exchange.
EDIT: Forgot to mention in regards to your specific question, the taxable event occurs at the sale. So, it doesn't matter if you remove USD from your account or leave it in there. It's taxable when you sell.
Reference: [IRS](
@_date: 2017-09-21 03:16:25
It's an interesting argument for sure and the IRS hasn't been all that clear on what it going to suggest Congress to allow. If it does stay classified as property, then there will lots of issues with distinguishing between digital currency "dealers" and "traders" as they are traditionally treated differently for tax purposes.
It'll be interesting to see how that all shakes out. My guess is the classification will be changed either to treating it for tax purposes similar to foreign exchange gains/losses or securities.
Agree 100% with your comment about seeking a tax professional though. No one should ever use internet forums as their sole source of information.