@_author: norwegianmonkey
@_date: 2018-01-14 12:10:31
common misconception. you dont have to open a channel with each merchant directly. As long as you have a channel open with someone who has a channel open with someone who has a channel open with the merchant your go to go. Pretty much exactly how the internet works. So with enough adoption it would be enough to open one channel to do fee-less transactions with every peer on the network
@_date: 2017-12-18 17:23:54


Actually it all does go to heat. The motor is experiencing friction which is why you need continous supply of power to keep it running/rotating. See, moving something does not require energy unless  you are working against any other forces. Only accelerating something requires energy, but acceleration is the same as heat. (heat is just the transfer of acceleration on a very small scale, like atoms bumping onto each other)
@_date: 2017-12-18 23:48:03
Or perhaps just support by contributing through github:
@_date: 2017-12-11 21:58:28
I totally agree, the best way to support bitcoin is to not only celebrate its victories in becoming main-stream, but also to shed a light on the current challenges this blockchain is facing on its way to become a usable global currency. It is obvious that we have a scaling problem, and I really appreciate the work the core developers are doing to solve this issue. I am however not certain that the lightning network is the way to go forward. It is a great solution for repeated transactions between addresses, but I think it needs some more work to be usable for non-repetitive transactions as well...
@_date: 2018-02-17 13:01:15
So what makes you believe this climatedepot blog is so much more reliable than your "big media/pro-govt news sites". If the whole climate change/global warming thing was a hoax and its all hidden agendas then how come independent scientists from all over the world have gathered data and done research which all indicates that the global warming in fact is man made. Don't you think it's more reasonable to trust independent groups of researchers (and I mean real researchers, not internet researchers like yourself) than some cheap looking webpages made by anonymous people who have no idea what they are talking about. You should really start using your own brain, dig deeper and don't blindly trust everything you see on the internet just because it's not your mainstream media.