@_author: not_a_dog_online
@_date: 2017-09-07 08:15:36
Actually, you'd be surprised, but for professional payment networks the ability to rollback or modify a specific transaction in the face of clear fraud agreed upon by many nodes in the network would actually be an *attractive* blockchain feature for many private uses of the technology.
The *absolutist*, *if-you-screw-up-that's-it* approach to blockchain is actually quite counter to what many would like to see in a blockchain-based system.  Especially with banks and credit card payment providers.
@_date: 2017-09-07 08:09:52
[I'll just post this less biased take on what happened.](
A total of 3.6m Ether (worth around $70M at the time) was drained by a hacker, representing a huge chunk of Ether's total market cap.  The chain rollback was a consensus among a huge slice of community that plain outright theft should not be tolerated if it can be prevented.
The other side of this -- the absolutist "code is law" group who opposed the Ethereum fork, believed that despite everyone agreeing on who the thief was, that this person should have been allowed to keep the Ether that they stole.  The fork proved that Ether, rather than being a true wild west, could actually self regulate its chain in the face of blatant, illegal theft of other people's coins.
@_date: 2017-09-11 23:01:47
Agree with the Javascript part also.  Chain Core's Ivy has a way better API for programming this stuff.  It's clear to me it's the future of smart contract programming:  
@_date: 2017-09-11 22:50:40
Immutability can still be preserved in the ledger, if after when a very bad theft/fraud happens in the network, a huge number of nodes agree to another transaction whereby a thief wallet has its funds forcibly refunded back to those who were exploited.
Like double entry accounting the original theft transaction, along with its reversal, would be immutable and still in the ledger. 
But I sense you would be against this too, even though technically the blockchain here would still be immutable, as it really comes down to a philosophical disagreement over whether or not forcible *chargeback-like* features are desirable within a blockchain if a strong consensus among miners exist.   My point is that for banks and payment providers when clear fraud exists the answer is yes.
@_date: 2017-09-11 23:00:58
What you are describing explains why the big banks are uniting around very different protocols:  
Ivy was built from the ground up to make it hard to fuck up.  I've played with Ethereum's API and it's insane how easy it is to make disastrous bugs.
@_date: 2017-09-12 01:53:12
You're still thinking in terms of a widely distributed decentralized coin, where I can agree with why that's a valuable property.
But for a private blockchain, or one mediated between a limited number of large parties (e.g. like 15 banks for a payment/reconciliation network), an ability to fix transactions with new ones forcibly out of certain wallets, if there is a large consensus (super majority) between the governing nodes, could be a desirable property.
Again probably not in most uses cases but you could still get many huge benefits with a blockchain even while allowing transaction reversal in extreme circumstances if all parties agree.  This is way better than having a semi-private blockchain exposed to the threat of one member of the network being able to pwn everyone else in a fraudy/illegal way.  Again, you aren't replacing the timestamps of old transactions -- just making new entries to reverse the *effect* of the previous transaction -- the historical ledger is still *immutable.*
@_date: 2017-10-28 15:18:24
Amazing read, this is an Ethereum killer.
@_date: 2017-10-28 14:46:10
The best protocol wins, and no fucks about process matter.
@_date: 2017-10-28 15:21:52
This started happening in the dot com bubble when companies added e to their names.
@_date: 2017-10-28 14:59:30
5 minutes and $5?!  That's fucking *shit.*
This is not the original Bitcoin I signed up for, where fees were all but eliminated giving a huge case against Visa, and transactions were close to near instant.
@_date: 2017-07-08 01:55:23
Real life metaphors to tech always break down so ultimately neither of us are right on this.  But I submit to you Bitcoin _really has changed_ in ways that are meaningful to _how I perceive its underlying value:_
Gold's properties have never changed:  it is just as usefully non-reactive, conductive, malleable and ductile as it was 100 years ago.  It's availability and relative level of scarcity may have changed (as has Bitcoin's), but it's underlying utility and usability has not.  I can still trade a brick of physical gold as reliably in exchange for value as I could a hundred years ago. 
But that is not true for Bitcoin:  it's innate _observable_ properties to end users _has changed:_   Under significant load, Bitcoin is no longer a reliable _means of exchange_ or store of value I can exchange with others as quickly and with as low of transaction fees as I could have done with it before.
Bitcoin's usefulness, the properties it has upon which it is judged, have _changed._  The new network delays have reduced its fundamental liquidity.  It's more _sticky_ than it used to be.   It's like moving from having a certificate over a unit of gold, to one with a clause where now to use it I must pay a high fee and wait a long time before I can exchange it with someone else.
To argue about the intrinsic/innateness of the protocol (which has been changing a lot mind you...) is to miss the point about why people give it value.  Gold would lose its value too if it stopped being as easily ductile, malleable, non-reactive, conductive, etc...
@_date: 2017-07-07 10:58:51
Bitcoin takes literally hours now to resolve transactions, at fees higher than credit card processors...
Gold never changed like this on me.  Your analogy doesn't work, sorry.
@_date: 2017-07-11 01:18:59
It's fair to say certain aspects of Bitcoin should remain unchangeable and immutable:  the coins in distribution, for example, or the distributed nature of its blockchain.
But its network latency properties is not one on those.  Refusing to upgrade is like saying a computer with a 56k modem should never get upgraded to broadband.
It's one thing to support this because you want to see altcoins take over, but I don't think anyone who genuinely wants to see bitcoin succeed could say it must never change.
Indeed I can't name a single area of technology where a product or program has not undergone changes to adapt to its changing circumstance.  Whether that be through patches, updates or security fixes...
And indeed, any product on the internet today that allows itself to get slow *will* get judged differently by end consumers, and that slowness will eventually lead to its death or decline if its not updated to provide the usefulness it once brought (when there was less network demand).