@_author: not_john_ratcliff
@_date: 2015-01-06 07:45:47
Did you remove your own post?
Post dat spreadsheet
I know I did a calculation of your break-even point before, but I've forgotten it (Edit: I found it in my records: $38.27/BTC). And no doubt you've since thrown more money into the bag at higher prices than current since then, raising that break-even point.
@_date: 2015-01-06 08:00:59


That actually sounds pretty good, compared to what percentage of the money going through Bitcoin exchanges has been defrauded.
MtGox alone defrauded its users of 850,000 BTC, which is what, about 6-7% of the total Bitcoins in circulation?
@_date: 2015-01-06 07:25:16
Thing is Johnny boy you doubled dipped.. how's that 'dollar-cost averaging' of yours going?
You should post an update of your spreadsheet
Last time I pointed out how foolish it was (and irresponsible of you to encourage others) to double down on your bagholdings to make the % loss seem less significant, you were at least overall in profit considering you cashed out early on during the 2013 bubble to buy your 20-something year old sportscar.
But how about now? Are you still in profit overall, or have you done something foolish, like continued your 'dollar-cost averaging' and 'invested' way more than you initially profited off other Bitcoiners?
@_date: 2015-01-06 22:38:16
And also the guy who advised Neo&amp;Bee..
@_date: 2015-01-06 22:20:36
Listen dumbfuck, say you want to buy 3 Bitcoins. You organize a meet-up with user 'Mahmoud23q' to buy his Bitcoins for $1000 in cold hard cash.
To be on the safe side, you decide you'll do what you think is smart - which is not only meeting in a public place, but conducting the transaction inside a bank branch.
Now one of two things could happen:
1) You're waiting inside the bank branch. Mahmoud said he'd arrive 10 minutes ago. You give Mahmoud a call to find out what's going on, or he calls you. All it takes is for Mahmoud to make up some reasonable excuse to lure you out of the bank branch to his preferred location and BAM! - he holds you up for your money. I mean what are you going to do, say 'No thanks, I've just wasted my time and yours, now I'm going to have to call it quits because of my paranoia'? Most people would just go through it anyway ('I spent all this time and effort arranging this meeting and coming here, I may as well take a little risk to get it done' - ever heard of cognitive dissonance and how humans resolve it?).
2) Say you're overly paranoid. When Mahmoud tells you to go outside and meet him somewhere else, you stand firm and demand he comes to the bank branch or the transaction is canceled. That's no problem for Mahmoud - he comes to the bank branch and accepts your money for the shitcoins. All done, no problem, and you leave on your merry way outside of the bank branch. What you don't know is that as you're leaving, Mahmoud or one of his buddies is keeping their eye on you. Once you reach a place where they can get you, they hold you up for the shitcoins. You see, unlike any random person, who might only hold a few credit cards (not worth much) and a small amount of cash (if any), they know you've got $1,000 worth of shitcoins you can give them with just your phone - and it's likely you've got even more stashed away.
But let's be real here - how many normal people actually arrange to meet up in a bank or similar place for their F2F transactions? Most people are naive like you who think poor-ass blacks and drug-addled fiends won't pull a glock on you for a pair of [Air Jordans](
Anyway, concerning the topic of this thread, it's stupid - this has been discussed for years, and nothing has happened. Do you know why? BECAUSE YOU CAN'T 'DECENTRALIZE' FIAT. It is not just impractical, but an illogical proposition. All these supposed 'decentralized' exchanges are really just misnomers describing something else, like having the persons involved as the centralized points of failure (i.e. localbitcoins) or being able to conduct the Bitcoin side of the transaction without a need for trust.
Enjoy your increasingly regulated centralized exchanges and Bitcoin 'ATMs' which keep records of your biometric data, both of which charge fees - Bitcoin is now just Fiat 2.0, but *worse* to use.