@_author: not_theymos
@_date: 2014-07-15 10:35:18
All it really does is give a competetive advantage to exchanges that are willing and able to operate outsid of US/EU jurisiction... Eventually most exchanges will operate out of small countires with lax regulations, or places like hong kong.  
@_date: 2014-07-17 08:57:35
Yeah,  but they will always be over priced. The thing is they have a really good con going, like almost perfect. I don't see it failing anytime soon. They're basically conning 2 different (but equally gullible) groups at once, and each one has waves of newbies coming in all the time:
First they target the technically and mathmatically illitarate wanna-be miner who thinks he's going to get a steady income out of it.  These people believe they are getting a good deal because its a "fair-market" price,  they figure that's what people are paying so that's what its worth. They wouldn't know how to setup an AntMiner even if you plugged it in for them and typed in "How To setup antminer S3" into google for them, the idea of having to depend on themselves for computer (wallet) security is scary. They know "maintence fee's" are involved with CEX but they probably don't know exactly how much they are.
The second group are the ones who realize there's no profit to be made from mining, and just believe that they can keep selling to the greater fools. They will always buy up GHs when the price drops, and if it keeps droping they will pretty much just use the martingale method (doubling down after each loss) until eventually the price goes back up. Some of the people from the first group end up switching to this group.  This group can actually make a profit, but only if the cash out at the right time, so its still pretty much a gamble.
Both groups are encouraged to bring in new members, and some of those new members are probably even less aware of whats going on, because they just trust that the person who's brining them in knows what they are doing. The cycle then repetes itself, its sort of a never ending pyramid scheme. I like to call it "the eternal september con", because now that bitcoin has entered into it's eternal september, there will always be new users willing to fall for it.
@_date: 2014-06-17 05:20:50
That page exists along with 
because deepbit reached 50% years ago and put a bounty up for anyone who was willing to create a webpage to monitor those things. Its not their fault bitcoin entered into its Eternal September last year and all the noobs are panicking about things they have no understanding or control over. 
It isn't the most accurate anymore though, you are of course welcome to develop a better one. 
@_date: 2014-06-10 05:53:48
This is probably the best one for new comers:
@_date: 2014-10-17 12:21:05
I subbed to to keep things in perspective.
@_date: 2014-06-11 11:29:56
Its not really incentives, they offer no-fees and merged mining, P2pool has those too, although im not sure how many nodes are setup for merged mining. Ghash actually owns most of it's hashing power, or rather they sell people shares, but force them to mine on the pool. Having more hashing power means they mine blocks more often and can pay more often so that attracts more users, as does the fact that its simply the biggest pool and people assume bigger = better. 
@_date: 2014-09-21 21:24:49
Try using a vpn that connects on port 53, and allows you to connect using its Ip address instead of a domain name.
@_date: 2014-06-10 02:53:53
Pantera Rules \m/ 
...oh wrong pantera, this is totally not metal.
@_date: 2014-07-30 00:53:32
[Bitcoin is sovereign]( It does not require any outside policies, nor will it conform to any regulation that doesn't achieve full consensus within the block chain.  It's interesting how "politicians"  think they can control everything, but the fact is they can't, and there is no amount of policy making that will change that.
Just ask the bit torrent community...or wait a few more years and see how the copyright and patent "industries" (ie the RIAA, MPAA, and Microsoft) doing compared to independent producers and free software makers. It's a paradigm shift caused by the internet.
I don't care if they go to 1984 level police state tactics and charge everyone they catch using BTC with thoughtcrime (which is pretty much what they've done to ross ulbricht and a few others already), bitcoin will continue, litecoin, monero, even dogecoin will pretty much always be around from now on.
@_date: 2014-08-17 13:22:29
I will never understand why so many people go out of their way to pay for services like DishNetwork or cable TV. There is no possible way in my mind that I could possibly see justifying it. What do they offer that bittorrent, youtube or other video streaming services don't also have for free?  
The pirate bay accepts bitcoin. No personal details required, no commercials or extra "boxes" to deal with and you can pay whatever amount you want. Primewire and LetMeWatchThis are great too if you prefer streaming over downloading. 
@_date: 2014-10-18 11:03:55
some android phones can only be rooted by security exploits. Its not as common now but it used to be the standard way of rooting for most. There where even apks you could install and have a one click root on older android versions. 
If someone used a yet undisclosed  exploit on your non rooted phone you wouldn't know. With a properly rooted rom like cyanogenmod you get asked when new apps request root and can whitelist ones you trust. Similar to how sudo works on Linux and osx.  There are other security and privacy related features too like privacy guard which allows for fine tuning of app permissions (ie: if don't think an app should have internet permissions or access to your contacts you can turn them off for just that app)
Personally I trust cyanogenmod more than I do the roms that come stock with most phones. I've installed custom roms on every android I've owned since the original G1 and the only bitcoin related security problem I could have been exposed to affected all android phones regardless of root due to a faulty random number generator.
@_date: 2014-10-18 10:43:25
Actually cyanogenmod and some other roms have options to block USB connections from using root or even from sending data at all if you want. 
@_date: 2014-10-14 05:53:59
That's what application specific passwords are for. Smtp doesn't support 2fa so you have to set a specific password for apps like Thunderbird.
@_date: 2014-06-17 06:43:05
That is one out of date guide. I don't think there really are up to date ones though, you just have to figure it out for yourself.
@_date: 2014-06-11 11:23:52
Yeah, your experience was obviously an exception. I'm making about 0.043/TH a day with some extra coming in now that people are donating to the pool. I'm pretty sure that's about what i'd make on any other pool, minus the donations and the good karma from not being part of a centralized pool. 
@_date: 2014-07-27 23:44:25
Allowing people to make up identities or not really has nothing to do with it, people fall for phishing emails that claim to be from their bank or paypal all the time. Most people are just fucking stupid and not ready to use the internet without training wheels. 
Bitcoin-otc and PGP based reputations are the only things I would moderately trust. Any website can be hacked or pull a gox. AFAIK OKCoin hasn't even provided an audit yet so theres no way to know they are even safely storing user funds. 
@_date: 2014-07-06 00:33:57
I like how my browser loaded the page and the product displayed for a breif couple of seconds be fore Tiger direct redirected me to a page that told me to turn on javascript... Gods forbid anyone browse a website without javascript these days.
A usb key, fire proof safe, and optionally a shovel would probably be less of a waste.   Why does cold storage need a screen, keyboard and 80gb of disk space? You could use a floppy disk for cold storage (i wouldn't recommend it, but if stored properly it should be fine).
@_date: 2014-11-28 06:31:07
Interesting that your coinbase email would be leaked when I have yet to get anything at the emails I used for gox or coinbase aside from official stuff. I do get emails now and then from Btc-e telling me about failed login attempts, but I've yet to revive any phishing attempts by email. Perhaps coinbase had a leak they are unaware of or a rouge employee sold off the info. I've had a coinbase account since they opened though so its strange that newer users info would be in such a database but not mine. 
@_date: 2014-10-17 13:00:03
Bitstamp was the exchange that taught me this lesson. Totally forgot I even gave them money (back in the single digit prices), missed the announcement about them requiring it for bitcoin withdrawal (no other exchanges require it for btc) .and I now I have 0.75 bitcoin in limbo. Its like I found money that I didn't know I had only to have it "confiscated " again.
@_date: 2014-06-11 00:16:43
Yeah, I very seldom vote for the same reason, but I've noticed that libertarian candidates seem to be getting more votes during nationional elections, and I'm able to vote by mail so it doesn't require much effort.
CryptoAnarchist would be based on anarcho-capitalism, except with the addition of using cryptography for some things that would normally be done by the state in the past. 
The cypherpunks are the group of people who created most of the foundation for what eventually became bitcoin.  The term basically means that we are punks (as in punk rock/fuck authority that sort of thing) who use cryptography to subvert authority and bring about social and political change. I was introduced to it as a teenager in the late 90s and have been one ever since.  Most but not all cypherpunks are libertarian, ancaps and/or voluntarists.
Julian Assange (wikileaks) is probably one of the most well known cypherpunks these days. And Satoshi was most likely also a cypherpunk (the mailing list used to announce bitcoin was the continuation of the cypherpunks mailing list).
The wikipedia article has some good info on it, as well as mentioning a bunch of the notable members: 
@_date: 2014-08-03 09:20:01
I think you need to update your web browsers sarcasm detector my friend. That does seem like a nice toy but I'll stick with Electrum and blockchain.info.
 I'm a somewhat curious how the trezor would prevent itself from being hijacked if it has to connect to a (possibly malware infested) computer to sign transactions, and how they might handle firmware updates. I'll have to look over the code github sometime.
@_date: 2014-08-17 19:09:07
Copyright laws are ridiculous. I'm all for contributing to the artists and people who actually create content, but I'm not interested in supporting viacom or time warner. They are the problem.  I don't think torrenting hurts content creators as much as the people who mooch off them would like everyone to believe. 
How much money from a dish network subscription actually goes to the content creators and how much of it goes to executives and other non-contributors? At least the pirate bay promotes independent artists and good political causes on their front page. I've never donated directly to TPB, but i have donated to artists they promoted. 
Instead of spending $50+/month on a useless TV service, you could donate that money directly to content creators or projects that would actually benefit from it a lot more. 
@_date: 2014-06-10 19:35:58
Well, I vote libertarian when i do vote. I consider myself a [crypto-anarchist]( and [cypherpunk](  Most of the people working on bitcoin (or otherwise contributing in a way other than just trying to make money) share at least some ideology with the cypherpunks.
@_date: 2014-11-03 06:19:36
Purse.io and brawker have already brought more to the bitcoin community than amazon ever could.
They will come when they are ready, but amazon payments just got killed off because people didn't use it enough, I doubt they will see adopting an even more obscure payment option to be a good business decision.
@_date: 2014-10-28 10:56:31
Bitcoin fog and other "tumbling " services can easily scam people, it wouldn't make much sense for them not to since anyone using the service is obviously trying a launder money. There are lots of similar services most work as advertised for smaller amounts that new users test them with and then "fail" once a larger amount is deposited or withdrawal is attempted, Others will just pick and choose at random what accounts to steal from. Either way they could have thousands of satisfied customers to hide the handful of legitimate victims. 
Tldr: next time just use electrum and send the coins between a few different addresses. You'll get the same results without ever losing ownership of your coins. Or if you really need to clean your money "invest" in some altcoins, that way your transactions won't be linked to just one blockchain.
@_date: 2014-09-22 00:06:01
Ive been using airvpn and always pay with bitcoin. I wouldn't trust a vpn that doesn't accept bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-06-10 05:57:26
Hookers and Cocaine
@_date: 2014-10-22 12:13:51
Yes and about 95% of statistics are made up.
@_date: 2014-10-18 10:30:06
wasn't cryptography classified as munitions under Clinton?  I recall webtv having to deal with mutations exports back then, and Phil Zimmerman (inventor of pgp) being investigated by the government back in the 90s.
@_date: 2014-07-16 01:44:55
The first auction was for coins seized from the silk road's wallet, bascially it was the funds people had on the site, either in escrow from a sale or that they had yet to withdraw. While some of this money did belong to legitimate (legal) users of the site, the feds felt justified in stealing all of it and setting up the auction without much regard for due process, and no one with a legitimate claim to the money was either willing or able to file a motion in the US Courts to stop it (I believe there are 1 or 2 people who filed claims in the EU, but Im not aware of what became of them).
The second bunch of funds stolen by the FBI was actually Ross's personal wallet. Ross's legal team filed a motion with the court to prevent this money from being taken, at least for the time being until he is found guilty of having used it for criminal activity. 
His trial is currently set to start in November, then, there can/will be appeals that he can file if he is found guilty, so it will probably be at least a year or 2 before they can actually aution it off... personally I hope he's found not guilty and gets to walk away with all of it.
@_date: 2014-10-20 12:48:16
Bitstamp won't even let me withdraw btc that i deposited legitimately without "verification ", but refuse to verify me. They will probably end up stealing more coins from closing unverified accounts next month than moola ever had. I can't imagine they would be the exchange of choice for stolen money laundering, they are the only ones requiring an verification to move bitcoin since gox. I don't know why people trust them any more 
@_date: 2014-06-11 10:12:26
You can read for yourself here: 
@_date: 2014-09-24 07:02:16
I'very been a Linux user since 2001. Linux skipped the desktop but won servers, smart phones, and soon thanks to steam will probably win console gaming too. Bitcoin will probably work out in a similarly unforeseen direction. My guess would be that bitcoin will continue dominate the newly created digital marketplaces,  grey market investments and other areas that where previously restricted by government or otherwise not able to exist. These areas do not care about decimals or if you think "bits" sounds stupid.
@_date: 2014-06-18 07:54:11
72% of statistics are made up on the spot.
@_date: 2014-11-10 03:52:54
 Mining an X11 based coin (ie darkcoin) would be the least intensive on our card and might actually earn you enough for a monthly payout . Mining bitcoin or any scryptcoin (litecoin, doge, etc.) With a gpu would be pointless in that you probably won't earn enough to withdraw the funds from a pool even if you disregard electricity costs.
  Either way it shouldn't cause any damage as long as the card is cooled well. No more so than running a game would anyway.
@_date: 2014-10-02 01:51:06
Is your IP blacklisted by chance? I have had issues with my my vpn sometimes, and its usually because my IP is [blacklisted]( 
@_date: 2014-11-12 07:30:48
A block is one piece of the blockchain, each block that gets mined rewards whomever mined it with 25btc + any transaction fees that have been included. This explains it better than I can: 
Gavin andreason is the lead developer for the bitcoin-core client which is the one run by a majority of nodes run. He was the last person to have communications from satoshi before he/she disappeared.
Theymos runs the most popular bitcoin fourm currently and is a moderator for Both where given the keys to send out emergency notices directly from satoshi. 
@_date: 2014-06-11 10:02:26
You have been added to the mailing list.
@_date: 2014-11-16 02:02:42
You haven't exposed anything except your own ignorance and inexperience. Have you ever funded any software development at all? Are you aware of the fact that the blockchain is public and you can track the funds to verify where the money is going? Do you understand that money can be held "in trust" by someone without them actually spending it all or claiming they own it? Can you cite any sources who've actually donated and are unhappy but have not revived a refund?
@_date: 2014-12-16 22:19:33
Use flags are one of the key features that make gentoo unique. There aren't standard use flags in gentoo only the ones you setup yourself (that's kind of the point). If you don't want luke-jrs anti-spamming, add "-ljr-antispam" to /etc/make.conf and then its never included by default. You can also prevent all his other patches from being applied with USE=-ljr (not sure what his other patches do but they are obviously not the issue here).
Bottom line is that no one is accidentally installing bitcoin-core with his patches enabled on gentoo. Gentoo users know what they are doing and want a fully customized system or they wouldn't be using gentoo.
@_date: 2014-10-13 21:28:12
I'm selling bitcoin mining dimes for a quarter.
@_date: 2014-06-17 04:06:59
Except they didn't hold up to the insurance when it came to start taking peoples money. So yeah, it was insured up till it wasn't....and its gone.
Also, they don't insure against inflation.
@_date: 2014-07-11 00:06:02
I don't actually make use of it much I just thought it was a neat thing to have and the vendor selling them offers lifetime replacements (within reason) for most of the services he sells accounts for (netflix, hulu, comcast, hbo, ect). 
 I've actually moved on to using my legit amazon prime account for music and videos these day , they may not take bitcoin directly yet, but I can use gyft to fund my account. I get both video and music streaming along with free 2 day and discounted next day shipping. It's pretty hard to beat that even if i do have to use a seperate service to convert BTC into "amazon coin" first, the 3% credit back is more than enough to justify one extra hoop in my opinion.
@_date: 2014-11-15 23:30:58
Who is "we"?  Theymos actually isn't paid that much. You seem to not actually understand what the funds are being used for which makes me believe that "we" does not include "you" or anyone else making these sort of non-sense complaints.
@_date: 2014-06-11 09:34:29
More like the ship is fine and people aren't going to shut up until they realize 50% is an arbitrary number. any pool with 30% could pull off the same attacks, and any collaboration between pools could also go undetected for a bit longer. If Ghash wanted to do something evil, they wouldn't be honest and report all their blocks as coming from them, they would make a second, maybe even a 3 pool and divide the hashing between them. It's called a cartel attack, and we discussed it at length, back in like 2010.
@_date: 2014-11-09 07:42:32
You probably won't generate enough shares for a withdrawal. Scrypt and sha256d coins require ASICs. You could Try darkcoin or Monero which are CPU friendly but don't expect more then a few cents a month until you can invest I'm dedicated hardware.
@_date: 2014-10-28 21:26:13


But what is it you actually do? Do you code? Trade altcoins? Just speculate and hodl? What does your "immersion" involve? 
@_date: 2014-06-11 10:49:50
Trust isn't broken, people are just confused and scared because of a pie chart. P2pool just broke 2 blocks in the last hour that's pretty good luck for us. If ghash was trying to attack the network, they wouldn't be letting p2pool mine blocks.
@_date: 2014-09-15 17:16:25
Use Linux and learn not to install software from intrusted sources.
@_date: 2014-06-15 02:31:08
Interesting way of doing it. I like it :-)
I think even if a node has a high fee, it isn't a scam as long as they aren't hiding it.
@_date: 2014-10-14 06:06:09
Bitcoin, separating fools from their money since 2009.  
@_date: 2014-11-01 09:36:15
If you want to mine for a profit,  you're gonna have a bad time...
Right now its very hard to find profitable hardware.  Bitmain antminers are probably the least risky. If you are just starting out consider getting a cheap USB miner first so you can get a feel for things before you try for bigger hardware. 
Play with numbers on here:  and you should get a fair idea of what to expect in terms of profit. 
@_date: 2014-07-26 03:52:26
If you have some sort of proof that OKCoin has taken funds in this way I'd like to see it, otherwise I'm going to call bullshit on this claim.
I don't have any funds on the site so I'm not really worried about it, but I seriously doubt they would start seizing peoples coins on those grounds. If anything they would ask for further proof (ie scanned documents). It's pretty obvious that the identification is for transfers to CNY bank account, which i don't have either. 
There are more than enough exchanges that allow users to transact without submitting any sort of personal info, and they are the only one's I'll be using. Mt.Gox was really serious about keeping all their AML ducks in a row and we all know how that turned out.
@_date: 2014-07-02 07:15:42
Don't trust this guy ^
Donate to me instead. I'll make crazy awesome improvements to the forum and I'll even improve the subreddit too. I will most definitely buy myself a yacht also. 
@_date: 2014-10-13 21:49:27
He seems like a nice guy and all but the community already gave him $20,000 and he still has most of it. I think there are other legal defense funds that could use the money more. 
@_date: 2014-12-16 00:18:57
 More like PONZImmersion.
@_date: 2014-06-17 02:26:55
Ask someone from Cyprus how that whole deposit insurance thing worked out for them.
@_date: 2014-08-18 20:23:34


Current road won't simply vanish in a tax free environment. If the state could no longer afford to maintain roads (perhaps because not enough people are paying taxes), they could be auctioned off and I don't think companies would have too much trouble hiring the same sort of crews that are currently hired by the state.


I'm not sure what you mean by competition or collusion problems. Obviously some roads (or parts of) would require tolls, just as some do now. Competition would be between who has the best maintained roads for the lowest prices.  There are already private toll roads in some places (new jersey turnpike for example), people can choose to plan trips around them if they want (and expect heavier traffic or other minor inconveniences)


The same people who do so now for the most part. The standards might change a bit, but especially in the case of toll roads,  whomever owns them will want to have a good reputation for safety so they have continuing business. Groups could also agree on standards between themselves. For example Amazon, UPS, and Fedex all own different roads but work out a set of acceptable standards that they all agree on for safety (speed limits, all drivers must have insurance, a private police force to monitor them, ect)
Also, although this doesn't really matter to any of my points, I think driverless cars and trucks would become a standard much quicker if roads where privatized. Safety would be much less of an issue when that happened. We've already reach the point where prototypes are better safer drivers than humans, once the technology becomes wide spread I doubt anyone (business's especially) would want to bother with the added costs and liability of using human drivers when they don't need to. Flying drones for things like amazon packages are also not really that far off anymore.




I think you're giving the government way more credit than it deserves. Even if they where someone responsible for helping things along in the past (which is debatable), the level of corruption these days has resulted in agencies like the FCC being little more than a government extension of corporations like time warner and comcast (just look at how the FCC has been treating net-neutrality for an example).


I would trust a true free market more than I trust any government. This is different from the current "free" market where companies are allowed to exist as monopolies and bribe politicians to create laws in their favor. If you take the politicians out of the picture, people could better decide for themselves what is acceptable. 
@_date: 2014-10-19 20:09:55
MSI or Asus.
@_date: 2014-09-27 03:32:58
Is this for selling bitcoin or for selling hashing power? If its for bitcoin, why are you only looking for miners? 
I'd try the app but apparently its not compatible with my nexus 7.
@_date: 2014-07-20 10:29:10
Aww, did someone loose money "investing" in alt coins and/or crypto stocks? Sorry but we ain't your daddy.
Would you like the mods to hold your hand while you use google to research things too? I think there's a more direct way to contact them than making a public post about it. 
@_date: 2014-09-20 21:10:42
Math isn't a group. 
@_date: 2014-07-16 00:00:24


When you visit a sub reddit there is a little bar on the right side that should say "search reddit", its between your username and the "submit a new link" button.
There isn't another auction, not until Ross Ulbricht's case is over anyway, and that could be a very long time.
@_date: 2014-08-04 05:16:40
Or get a $5 USB stick... why do you need an entire computer for "cold storage"?... What a waste.
@_date: 2014-11-16 03:52:35
I always underclocked the memory and overclocked the core speed when i used gpus for bitcoin mining so artifacts where pretty normal.
You won't make any money gpu mining btc now though and the other coins use a lot more memory so now i have both memory and cores over clocked and undervolt most of my cards for X11 and scrypt-n based coins. This doesn't seem to cause any sort of noticeable glitching on the screen unlike my old bitcoin setup.
@_date: 2014-07-03 10:47:33
You should make and verify a coinbase account, it requires linking a bank account and credit/debit card, once thats all in place you can buy instantly up to some amount (i think $1000) per week (and up to a larger amount on delay but with the price locked in when you place the order). I've been using them ever since they introduced the instant buy feature and have yet to run into any problems. 
@_date: 2014-10-19 03:13:30
You could build one yourself if you wanted or find one prebuilt of equivalent or better specs for cheaper from just about any other company. 
I get an error from dell when I try to access alien wares products page to check prices or id give an example. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 13:13:46
We meaning anyone who's mining... all the pools, but specifically p2pool in my case. If p2pool or slush or some other smaller pool stopped getting any blocks accepted we'd know something fishy was going on and then we'd deal with it. It's actually a good thing ghash is honest about their hashing power, it will encourage more people to mine on (or donate to) p2pool and other smaller pools. Just complaining about it is only going to make them hide how much power they have, or perhaps shut down down. If you wanted to actually attack the network, shutting down some of your hardware (or just pointing it elsewhere to hide it) would probably be the first step.  That or a cartel attack (multiple pools working together to reject blocks from the rest). Either way, we have contingency plans for those kinds of situations.
@_date: 2014-09-23 01:49:55
Ill stick with purse.io and gyft. I don't see any benfit to another company adding sell pressure to the market.
@_date: 2014-08-14 01:27:53
Small business owner tip: You can print your own checks for free, either make your own template or use something like quicken. 
You can also probably get generic checks for free. Your bank is ripping you off, even by other bank standards. Now is probably a good time to look into a credit union, some of them (like mine) don't even mind if you use the B word.
@_date: 2014-11-16 00:56:20
So I'm right that you didn't contribute jack shit to the forums? Why do you even care? Do you just like trying to start drama for your own amusement? Are you a shill for SMF or phpbb? Do you even code bro?
Obviously I'm not theymos.
@_date: 2014-06-10 06:09:08
 let me know if they do. I have emailed them and asked on bitcoin talk and they did not respond to email and get irate when anyone asks on the public forum.
@_date: 2014-07-29 23:38:38
I liked it up until the part where it endorsed political candidates. Fuck politicians, every single one of them. I don't care what Ron Paul or anyone has done, they built a career out of bribery, just because they happen to (not) be bribed in favor of one or 2 things you support doesn't make them less of a scumbag.
At least it was only a few seconds at the end, but it still ruins the message a bit, and makes me a bit hesitant to share it on other social media.
@_date: 2014-06-18 00:08:33
I have a feeling this will be a thing someday soon.  That and having your name or whatever "written" into the blockchain. Like the International Star Registry, which has apparently been in business for over 3 decades now. 
@_date: 2014-12-04 07:32:31
Is there no way to buy it directly with bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-07-09 16:26:32
I got a lifetime spotify account for bitcoin from a dark net website, netflix and hulu too... their loss for making me go the "unauthorized" route. Its amazing what free markets can do.
@_date: 2014-11-04 12:39:41
The main thing that makes it stand out is just that it was the first and most others don't really offer much advantage. Any worthwhile changes made by the other currencies could technically be implemented in bitcoin if needed. Basically bitcoin had a head start.
Almost all other coins are forks of the original bitcoin code. The only exceptions I know of are coins based on cryptonote (bytecoin, monero, etc) . These newer ones are built from scratch (or based on bytecoin) not forks. As such they lack the user friendliness of bitcoin at the moment (most are command line interface only) .
@_date: 2014-12-16 12:43:31
Gentoo compiles everything from source, there is nothing being forced here.
People complaining about this don't use gentoo or know how portage works. Its been a while since I've used it myself, but I know for a fact that just because an option is default in an ebuild doesn't mean its being "forced" on anyone. No more so than they are forced to have any specific "use flags" or GCC options. 
@_date: 2014-11-21 15:12:35


I trust my VPN provider a lot more than I trust Comcast (who would happily snitch on me for all sorts of thoughtcrimes)  or some random wifi hotspot (which could be monitored or manipulated by anyone). My VPN provider doesn't have much of a motive to attempt a MITM attack, since the consequences of getting caught would mean the end of their company (and that aside, there are much better places for them to try such attacks on non-customers). Sure it's still a central point of failure, but its a fairly secure one.


A MITM attack could simply request a non-https version of the site and then use self signed or even totally valid certificates to make the victim believe the site is in fact using encryption (because it is, but only to the MITM)


HTTPS is only secure if you have the time and ability to verify certificates and the organization issuing them is also totally secure. You have more than a single point of failure to worry about, because there are many different certificate authorities who have been hacked in the past to issue fake (but totally valid) certificates.  
In regards to OPs gripes I think the solution is simple, organizations like Seans outpost should have well known and widely published PGP keys and be part of a Web Of Trust (like the one for  This key can be used to sign a message that says something to the effect of "Seans outpost bitcoin address is: 1M72Sfpbz1BPpXFHz9m3CdqATR44Jvaydd" With a date and time. A MITM attact can't defeat PGP with a web of trust. 
@_date: 2014-07-24 19:23:15
Anarchism is when you choose rules instead of rulers, so if you are with OP you are pretty much advocating anarchism. 
It's okay though, we aren't going to judge you.
@_date: 2014-10-14 05:33:02
I guess the point in posting this is to say he should have used bitcoin, but the same thing could have happened with bitcoin. This is a case of fraud prevention working and a dumbass cop not Doing his job, it has nothing to do with bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-09-21 22:44:30
A second hand antminer would probably be the best. Not profitable but probably the least unprofitable. Or anything USB powered. I run a 333mh block erupter on my router, its not really earning anything but the power usage is negligible.
@_date: 2014-08-20 11:19:04
It would probably help move things along if you publicly disclose the vulnerability. 
@_date: 2014-07-02 04:10:11
The difference between the last bail out and the next one (and the "lesson" they learned) is that now banks are renting the houses instead of loaning out mortgages for them. The houses would have to be liquidated in order to pay off the failed banks liabilities, same for the mortgage owners, but there would be a lot less of them, but some bank (maybe even a foreign bank) would still own the assests (houses).
I'd guess that regardless of how it happens they would get another bail out, people would be even more pissed off, but only if the majority of people decided for themselves to move to crypto would there be any significant difference. If it happend now, I'd say not enough people trust in crypto for it to make a difference, 5 or 10 years from now, perhaps we could have a revolution where the banking industry vanishes overnight due to something that ends  up being the last big fuck up, 
In order for it to happend it would have to be clear that bailing them out would devalue the USD to an extreme level and cause massive capital flight and tax evasion among citizens. Then either the feds wouldn't do it, or they would and the entire US economy would collapse because of it... Either way should be fun times.
@_date: 2014-06-10 04:36:51
It's not really that confusing, and you will actually have a chance to earn a profit instead of just helping someone else make one. Ask PBMining to show you proof that they control a mining pool (they can do this by signing a message from a wallet that has generated coins, or sending you a timestamped picture of their hardware). They will ethier ignore you or tell you to buzz off.  I have investigated a lot of these operations and most of them do not actually have mining equipment, and the ones that do oversell it at an inflated price (more than it would earn) so they can keep the ponzi going.
Here check out this guide to using nicehash someone posted yesterday:
@_date: 2014-11-16 03:13:50
How is it a scam to pay developers for a job with funds that have been donated for that purpose? You all make it sound like theymos is the new pirateat40 and spending funds on himself when that's demonstrably false (you can check the blockchain) and what funds he does use are going to form development.
@_date: 2014-06-11 01:27:04
Its not confined to crypto currencies. It's basically AnarchoCapitalism with extra anonimity. If you want to buy silver or gold you can still do that, but if you have a dispute over who owns the gold (like if you have someone else holding it, as there are services that do so today) you'd have a cryptographic record of that stored on the blockchain.  If you wanted to redeem your gold and have it sent in the mail, you could prove ownership without revealing who you are (and send it to a POBox or whatever), if someone else tried to claim ownership of your gold, they wouldn't be able to because it would be recorded in the blockchain as belonging to your identity. 
Without cryptography we would still need to rely on some sort of centralized power (corporation or what have you) to keep records and be trusted. With cryptography I don't need to know the real physical identity of who is actually storing my gold, they don't need to know who I am, we can just be cryptographic identites (like a bitcoin address) that have a public record in the blockchain. There is no trust needed, and if one party betrays the other their reputation is also recorded in the blockchain so that others know to be wary of doing business with that person.
I'm aware of the SR2, its somewhat of a good example of how cryptoanarchism works. Although SR2 has a fairly poor reputation at the moment (due to a theft), they have been working hard to improve it. There are dozens of other markets now that are all in competition with each other for the best reputation, and they attract vendors and customers based on those reputations while staying anonymous but having cryptographic proof of their reputations. There's a list here: 
So I do identify as AnCap, but I feel like being specific about how the system is implimented is ideal, because we have all these real world examples of an already successful AnCap markets that use cryptography. 
PGP encryption plays an important role in CryptoAnarchism as well,  Its more about public key encryption than anything else, cryptocurrency just happens to be the last peice of the puzzle that enables us to make it into a reality. 
If you want to read a more interesting (and extreme) example of the kind of system i'm talking about check out Jim Bell's essay titled "Assination Politics": 
@_date: 2014-06-10 18:17:36
Ah sorry, I see what you meant now, I just woke up sorry.
Well I have not filed taxes in probably 10 years, aside from one year when i worked for someone else and they automatically took some out of my paycheck.  The best way to go is to not file at all, if you do then they really have only whats reported them to go on. I reciveved a bill once about 5 years after inhereting a bit of money that apparently got reported to them, it was for about $150 if i recall correctly so i just paid it and they left me alone. No huge fines, no jail time, they didn't send any thugs after me... just some paper. I probably would have been fine ignoring it too but it wasn't a huge amount and i wasn't as intent on avoiding paying them at the time.
Basically if you don't file, they will try to file for you with whatever information they do have, but it takes them years to send you a bill (in my experience anyway). If they send you a bill I'd say probably just take that as a sign they are wanting their "share" and you should either pay it if its small or keep a minimal amount of funds in your bank account and be ready for it to be temporarily frozen while they take the funds out. 
Even though stuff you buy gets reported to them if its over a set amount, its not like every little item gets on their radar.. An expensive car or house, well you'd still probably want to pay state property taxes on those. I have most of my important things in my wife's or my father's name so i don't draw any attention to myself.
So the trick is to basically live as off the grid as possible, but you don't really have to go all out. I work from home, I have some bills in my name, and I've had my own (unregistered) business for years without any problems. People keep telling me they will come get me, but I've yet to hear any news of anyone getting caught for just avoiding taxes.  They only know what people/businesses report, so just buy what you can with bitcoin and under a different name if possible. i just use different misspellings of my own name, like nut_theymus, most people will just glance over your ID and not even notice, but it probably wouldnt work for buying a house or car...maybe a car.
Like i said, if you don't commit actual fraud to get a huge refund from them, they probably aren't going to waste their time  much going after you, and there is really no way they are going to throw you in jail over it, not that ive heard of or experienced anyway.
@_date: 2014-08-15 18:06:51
- BTC volatility isn't really influenced by anything. It just does what it wants. Sometimes news affects it, sometimes it doesn't. More adoption can lead to price increases (more people buying bitcoin) but it can also lead to price decreases (More companies converting back to fiat). If you try to predict the volatility you're gonna have a bad time.
- Most likely retail adoption will continue for as long as bitcoin offers a competitive advantage over credit cards and other types of transactions. Regulation could hinder things a bit, but then adoption would move further in to gray and black markets and grow there instead.
- Basically the regulations will work only in the sense that people will be free to follow them or ignore them, they will be more like "suggestions" than regulations.  Some companies like circle have said they will simply block users in regulated areas (similar to how gambling sites block US vistors, VPNs and proxy connections will allow people to get around this). Brick and Mortar Businesses in "regulated" areas may be subject to additional harassment, but overall only payment processors like bitpay and coinbase will have to deal with the regulations directly, they may move offshore to avoid this. They won't have any affect on black and gray markets.
- I don't have any coins to tip at the moment, but answering questions for other people will sometimes result in tips. Other altcoin subreddits are a bit more tip happy than - For an individual solo-mining to find an entire block by themselves the odds are astronomically against them, but solo mining hasn't really been popular for years. Most people mine in pools, combining their hashing power and splitting the rewards. It's mostly just a hobby, you won't earn a profit doing it, especially if you aren't tech savvy and thus have to pay someone else to setup/maintain things for you. If you are tech savvy and have people pay you to mine for them you can probably make something that way, but there is a lot of work involved in researching and selecting the right hardware and deciding when to upgrade or retire old hardware. It also depends on what power rates are in your area.
- Don't invest in bitcoin. Use bitcoin as a means of transacting outside of credit cards/banks and away from big brother, or as a way of getting money out of the fiat system all together (capital flight). Bitcoin isn't an investment, its a paradigm shift in how money works.
@_date: 2014-11-16 03:44:44
Google hangouts is what most folks use. Skype is really limited if you aren't paying for it or use Linux.
@_date: 2014-08-03 04:25:12
If only there was a way for you to receive and store money using an address that you had control of the private keys. Hopefully someone will make something like that soon, and then we won't have to deal with these damn banks anymore.
@_date: 2014-11-13 06:00:26
The key has to be on the hidden server its advertising.
@_date: 2014-07-16 06:57:31
When butterfly labs calls themselvese "pioneers of the industry" they aren't lying, it's just that the industry they pioneered is delaying preorders. The better question is who isn't like butterfly labs.
@_date: 2014-08-19 21:15:30
Did they leave for another forum or just move to reddit? I've always preferred IRC personally.
@_date: 2014-07-21 00:20:36
None of them have defaulted on my thus far. I figure if my swaps didn't default during the final goxing, then it probably isn't likely to happen at all. The biggest risk would be bitfinex pulling a Gox, and I also don't think that's likely because they've made a pretty good effort to allow users to verify proof of reserves. 
Also, since this post was about gambling: Another good thing i had that was going well was investing money with the house on just-dice. Unfortunately after Canada introduced some new laws/regulations [the site voluntarily shut down]( (I hope temporarily), but I still got my money out. Hopefully more gambling sites will start up with a similar model. Its still sort of a gamble in that the house can have strings of bad luck, but the way they had it setup there was no way for the house to go completely bankrupt so you'd always make your money back eventually. For someone who enjoys (but is not addicted to) the thrill of gambling it might be the best of both worlds, but you still have to maintain self control, which is something gambling addicts lack. 
@_date: 2014-10-08 13:55:24
Wow people still trust that site?
@_date: 2014-06-11 02:47:56
It's entirely voluntary. The reason i advocate for it is because I feel it would be the best method to keep reputations while maintaining privacy. If you didn't want to register something on the blockchain you'd be free to do so, but then if someone else came along and claimed it was theres you'd need some other means of proving ownership. Its not forced on anyone though. 
Again looking to the black markets for an example: they generally all have some kind of escrow system in place along with their basic rating/feedback systems. some buyers and sellers will choose to work without the escrow , especially once trust has already been estabilished between them (like if they are a return customer), and then some would even choose to go completely outside the markets and deal over email or similar. There is one market that I know of where its against the rules for new vendors to ask buyers to go out of escrow, so using this market could be safer for buyers (which would hopefully mean more customers will use it), but well establshed sellers may wish to set up elsewhere to avoid it.  
I think most people will want accountability to be a part of any transaction, so most will use cryptography in one way or another (bitcoin, or PGP key signatures) , but if you had a different way of doing it that both parties where comfortable, there wouldn't be any sort of force or rules to stop you. 
@_date: 2014-11-13 14:52:00
1. Assumes you can predict the future. 
2. Also assumes you can predict the future. Past performance doesn't indicate anything.
3. If anything it's harder due to so many companies complying with AML scare tactics. It might be easier to buy with credit cards, but aside from that its not a huge improvement over last year. (IMHO it doesn't get much better than coinbase)
4. Its actually been higher than a year ago for the last few days. Gox prices don't count.
5. People have been saying this for over a year. Even if it does happen that really doesn't mean a price increase. 
6. This is a valid reason.
7. Tipping seems like a killer app to some, but people unfamiliar with bitcoin will probably view it with suspicion. "Hey this stranger on the internet wants to send you money, just click this link" sounds like a phishing attempt or really had 419 scam. Most people wont even bother since most tips are less than a dollar anyway. 
8. I still don't really have interest in either of them, not even sure what they are needed for but this may be a valid reason as well. 
9. A good reason if you plan to use it for that purpose.
10. Open bazaar is way behind the semi-centralized dark net alternatives like Agora and Evolution.  Its still in early beta, and security should be a major concern. Id still count this as a half valid reason though, its off to a good start.
3.5/10 valid reasons. Good effort but not exactly sound reasoning.
I try to buy on dips when the price is either going down or has been down for a while. I think its risky to buy during times like now. today we saw a low of under 400 and a high of 475, that's pretty risky if you ask me.  
Edit: one good reason you forgot, its a lot easier to SPEND bitcoins now thanks to services like brawker, and all the large retailers like new egg and dell accepting it.
@_date: 2014-11-21 10:36:22
Use a VPN if you are so concerned about security. https really isn't that safe. Its not that hard for an attacker to strip out the SSL and re-encrypt it using her own self signed key then send you the re-encypted page without you even knowing. I've done it with my cell phone. 
Also Wasn't there some group that hacked a cert authority into issuing it certificates for *.* (every address possible) or something like that?  I'm too lazy to look up the details, but 
Really though you're being overly paranoid. Bitcoin addresses aren't credit cards or bank account numbers, they don't need to be encrypted, thats kind of the point.
@_date: 2014-11-13 15:45:00
Well there is that whole pedo-kickstarter that popped up while the feds where busy seizing darknet marketplace websites. I don't think they accept credit cards though.
@_date: 2014-10-17 13:39:11
And then there are cypherpunks. 
Cypherpunks write code and don't care what government or anyone else thinks about it. 
Satoshi is a cypher punk. 
@_date: 2014-07-15 09:25:08
I honestly don't get why all these exchanges even bother with requesting documentation like IDs and untility bills when those things can be easily modified and optained on the dark net by anyone. Even an "ID selfie" isnt hard to fake, just slightly more expensive because you need a physical fake instead of just a photoshop. 
@_date: 2014-09-15 17:35:03
This belongs on coinion. Reminds me of the time that [random youtuber exposed bitcoin as a hoax](
@_date: 2014-10-17 12:53:40
Whats ironic about this is how thanks to bitcoin its now very easy for anyone to get forged document scans, and a whole new bunch of internet entrepreneurs will make their living without ever having to produce physical counterfeits.
@_date: 2014-06-10 17:49:10
Please don't make these posts everytime some pool gets over 30 or 40%. It's pretty obvious that people who make these posts don't actually mine, or are very new to mining. This has happened many times before with several different pools. Pool operators know what they are doing and they aren't going to try to mess with your coins (they can't anyway) Complaining without hashing power isn't going to do any good.
If you really want to help contribute hashing power to p2pool., head over to  buy up some time from a miner and aim it at p2pool, or wherever you like. It's 0.01BTC minimum which will get you about 5 or 6 hours or 1TH. 
@_date: 2014-07-20 10:10:26
They ask your to verify your identity by providing your name an ID or passport number, I just entered a a fake name and random number and now it says I'm "Already Verified". 
They also have something about only being about to withdraw CNY to an account with your verified name, but seeing as I don't have a bank account in China I think I'll be fine.
@_date: 2014-06-11 09:14:19
I'm going to start mining on ghash out of spite if i see another one of these posts... and I just ordered another 2THs.
@_date: 2014-11-01 05:19:04
I'm not sure if meshnets would work or not... but assuming no electricity at all both bitcoin and fiat would be pretty much worthless. If the situation allowed for meshnets somehow, bitcoin could be mined and used as long as the network where widespread enough,  fiat couldnt function well in such an environment because meshnets lack centralize authority.
@_date: 2014-06-11 05:55:38
Well I mine DarkCoin on my GPUs these days, so I'm pretty in favor of it. Its got a long way to go though, there isn't really a whole lot that it offers that bitcoin can't also do.  It's not a bitcoin killer, its one of the few alts that actually does an okay job at complimenting bitcoin, The biggest advantage for it right now is that there arent ASICs for it so just about anyone can mine it. VertCoin is also along those lines, so we'll just have to  wait and see what the market decides to adopt. 
I don't think it would affect storing info in the blockchain, we're still a long ways off from that being a practical thing to do. I could see some alternative (side) blockchain being used for records keeping. Right now the most interesting use i've seen of data in the blockchain was bitfish's marriage announcement/tribute being written into the coinbase, that requires a mining pool to do though and theres all this stuff: 
 But its mostly just at the proof of concept level for now. Still a lot of work to be done. 
@_date: 2014-10-28 21:35:48
Why are you depositing bitcoins with some random site no one has has heard of? Just to warn the rest of us?
@_date: 2014-10-14 08:15:42
The titty bar is still going to use a payment processor for bitcoin. I've had coinbase decline transactions on me due to my IP address not being someplace I've used before. Internet connections and Phones can crap out in all kinds of ways and at the worst possible time. I tried paying for bus fair with my phone once, I ended up paying a second time with cash just to not hold things up while my phone decided to randomly reboot at that moment. Shit happens, bitcoin or not. 
Lack of a third party is not something I want at a strip club and can backfire on you real fast. You really think Krystal is going to get shit from her boss because she double charged you on that $600 bottle you ordered and swapped it with a $2 chuck? 
@_date: 2014-07-20 11:01:08
I've been making money with bitfinex swaps since the price took a dive back in feb. Havn't used btcjam yet, I want to try it out because i really do like the idea even if it is fairly risky, but I'm sticking with bitfinex until I hear some success stories of people who've gone after debtors who failed to pay back their loans. What would be really nice is if there was a way to sell off the debts to a collection agency and/or report them to credit bureaus. 
@_date: 2014-08-19 20:54:13
The difference being that as soon as competition for mt gox came along, users started leaving it. I don't see people leaving bitcointalk anytime soon, even though there's lots of alternatives out there. Besides, where do you think an alert (sent by gavin or satoshi) would end up pointing people to other than bitcoin talk? If you have a better alternative I'll give it a try.
@_date: 2014-10-19 11:37:42
The government forgot the lessons of the first crypto war, but those of us who where on the winning side already know where this will all lead.
The clipper chip was an embarrassing failure, meant to be a back door for hardware encryption, someone else made something better (pgp)  that didn't require hardware and had no backdoors and clipper was broken before it could even take a foot hold. Here we are 10 years later and PGP and other public key cryptography are still not broken. 
A specter is haunting the modern world, the specter of crypto anarchy.
@_date: 2014-11-13 01:01:11
Its similar to how bitcoin works except that instead of sha256d the proof of work is 11 different algorithms together.
More info here: 
@_date: 2014-08-16 02:15:52
In my experience (since 2011), price is really not something that can be predicted, even based on regulation (see the many times china has "banned" bitcoin for an example). Beyond the fact that bitcoin isn't going anyway, and that it will be used in unregulated markets there isn't much that can be known for sure. My guess is that it mostly boils down to what the philosophy of the majority of users which we don't really have a way of knowing. People have cognitive biases which cause them to claim this or that has an affect on the price, but if you look over posts here, or an even better example might be to look at various alt coins, you can probably see how hit or miss everything is. There are always posts like "Whats causing the latest price rise/crash" and "why isn't the price moving"... people love to speculate, but no one really knows for sure. 
Personally I think the (non-vocal) majority of users and people actively contributing are mostly still libertarian minded or crypto-anarchists,  at least most of the people I've talked to at conferences and who've been involved for more than a year or 2 are. Most people are more interested in using bitcoin as a means of limiting the government, and making money by "investing" in it is more of a side affect that shows how well its working than a goal in itself.
The main purpose behind bitcoin is to remove the states power over money (including the ability to regulate it). It was created with resisting police state levels of censorship and regulation. That's why there are already such early attempts at regulating it, the government hates competition and wants to know what they are really up against. Up till bitcoin, governments could simply print more money to get out of most problems (ie the US Bail out, or China keeping the Won artificially low to out compete us industries ), but now they not only have to compete with other governments they have to compete with a protocol that can't be changed and is backed by everyone who uses it instead of just an elite few.
@_date: 2014-06-10 17:36:49
They are on a butterfly labs time table. 
A new wallet address can be anyone, so even if you trace the origins back, you can't prove if or when ownership changed hands. If you're really paranoid about it just buy some darkcoin and sell them back on a different exchange, you will  never be traceable. 
@_date: 2014-09-16 12:19:37
Its a combination of lots of people mining and more powerful asic  hardware coming out (Moores law). The difficulty is too high for normal pc hardware to generate shares to a pool and even if you did get lucky and submit a few, it would take years to make enough to withdraw.
Monero uses a different type of mining proof of work Called cryptonote which gpu and asics can't really take advantage of. There are also coins aimed at being gpu only like darkcoin which uses x11.
@_date: 2014-07-02 04:32:12
All that money belongs to uncle sam, you only get to keep what he lets you. Capital Gains, income, even the loose change in your couch is property of the US government. Be thankful they let you keep enough to pay your bills to the government sanctioned monolopoly utility companies and (if you're really lucky ) a cable/telco monopoly. 
@_date: 2014-07-01 23:45:27
They've been pretty clear from the get go that anyone making a PRE-ORDER should expect delays. Just because people keep believing in their overly idealistic time tables doesn't mean they can be sued. They know what they're doing, they have other people to blame, its clearly out of their control, everyone should know that by now. 
...These guys used to sell hardware for hashing rainbow tables (password/encryption cracking), they just saw a better opertunity with bitcoin and slapped a new set of paint on the FPGAs. They are not in any way  a trust worthy or respectable company, but they sure do know how to pull off a long con.
@_date: 2014-06-11 20:35:35
This is a snapshot of my BFL single, It actually gets a better speed on p2pool than anywhere else (maybe partially because im running the node locally, but it's never had more than a 10% DOA rate on even the worst nodes i've used). 
Note: It's slightly over 60gh/s because of a handful of extra block erputers i still have hooked up , the BFL single alone gets about 56gh/s on average. heres cgminer: 
So you can see, it's producing and getting credited for it's full hashrate.
@_date: 2014-09-27 05:15:49
I prefer using a service like purse.io. I've got nothing against over stock, but purse gets me anything on amazon with prime shipping and a 10% discount and the buyer gets bitcoins that (probably) aren't just being instantly converted to usd.
@_date: 2014-06-10 17:26:09
I'm actually not aware of anyone other than whesley snipes going to jail for tax fraud, I think even if you make over 100k a year as long as you aren't actively stealing (back) from them there isn't a heck of a lot they can do besides take money out of your bank account. So if you make more than 100k or less than 100k it probably doesn't even matter. Hell they will probably be less likely to care the richer you are.
You either don't understand the meaning of the word literally or you completely misread my last post. I never said I hoped you get killed, I said that they want you to pay taxes out of fear. They wouldn't kill you, why would they kill their own tax livestock, its much more profitable to have you work for them. 
@_date: 2014-07-14 06:32:32
can you provide an example picture of what youre talking about?
@_date: 2014-08-15 17:36:12
Elliptic curve cryptography crypto
@_date: 2014-06-11 12:14:21
I'm not sure about the credit card payment, but i know they sell the hashing power for bitcoin. Essentially you are just loaning them money to buy new hardware and they are paying you back by mining. There's about a 10% maintenance fee to have them host the hardware.
@_date: 2014-11-16 03:39:04
Yes we have been over it dozens of times and theymos has given everyone answers and no one who's contributed funds is upset with him. Why are you upset that the donations are worth more? Are you trying to say it would have been better if he just hired some cheap developers to do some half ass changes to SMF instead of developing new software? Would it somehow be better if he cashed out the coins earlier? Of course he though the price would increase, he's one of bitcoins earliest supporters. You imply that no development took place until recently which is completely false. Just because he's didn't make it his full time job and blow all the money early on doesn't make it a scam. 
 You obviously aren't very familiar with the current state of forum softwares or development in general (they all suck in different ways). Usually things like this take time and developers aren't paid all at once.    
@_date: 2014-08-02 05:11:53


I don't think financial privacy should be considered money laundering, but the way  the laws are in the US that's pretty much how it is these days (unless  you are a big corporation or bank). The way i look at it, money laundering in itself shouldn't be a crime, because the things that people launder money for are already crimes. 
Anything over a set amount that you can't prove the legitimate source of can get qualified as money laundering. Coinbase needs you to have a money transmitter license, because if they let you continue with your transactions without one, they could then be the ones accused of money laundering. 
It does suck that this is the way they are attacking bitcoin users, but its really the only way they can fight it, and it won't be that way forever. The banks might have a good majority of the criminal markets for now, but like it or not, eventually bitcoin will beat them at that too. 
@_date: 2014-06-11 07:36:32
Depends on how fast your hardware is. I'm getting about 0.043 a day at the moment, with 1TH. 
@_date: 2014-11-12 01:11:28
Id rather use purse.io and not have to pay for amazon prime.
@_date: 2014-07-03 06:46:10
Jim Bell would be proud.
@_date: 2014-10-22 12:10:04
No way, utorrent isnt even open source. I would however donate to projects like [popcorn time]( .
@_date: 2014-11-12 00:15:27
The one that will let you tour their facilities or at least shows proof that it has actual hardware (not just mock up images but actual proof of mined coins) . None that I know of do this.
@_date: 2014-08-19 21:27:40
True, but most of the alerts have at least a one link pointing to bitcointalk posts, so at the very least it's where most of the discussions took place along with IRC and the dev mailing list.
@_date: 2014-08-14 15:51:18
I'll give one example, as the most common version of this question is "Who will build the roads?" and its a very easy question to answer (TLDR the people who use them): 
I don't own a car, I don't want to own a car, nor will i ever drive one, so  why should I have to pay for roads? Why can't the businesses that depend on and use the roads most pay for them? What do you suppose would happen if roads where not paid for by taxes anymore? Do you think UPS and Amazon would just give up on their entire business models or do you think they would shell out a bit to keep the highways they depend on in good repair? My guess is that they would do a better job than the city of Detroit is currently doing with their own roads. Instead of US highway  we'd have Amazon highway  It might be a toll highway, but you get a free ez-pass with your amazon prime subscription. Ever heard of "adopt a highway"? Well instead of just cleaning them imagine if you could literally own one, and compete for the business of a company like UPS by having the cleanest and best maintained roads.
I can't think of anything that is "essential to [maintaining] a structured society" that couldn't be modeled in a similar way, but If you think of something  specific I'll try to respond. 
@_date: 2014-10-17 13:43:03
True, but the comments can still be fairly amusing at times. 
@_date: 2014-12-05 12:30:52
Are you not aware of imgur? Your choice in image hosting is odd.
Google has had the attach money feature for a while, its part of google wallet. Nothing to do with bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-06-11 09:40:18
P2pool just broke another block. Calm your tits people!
3 blocks in 3 days is a lot for p2pool, and we aren't even listed on your fancy pie chart.
@_date: 2014-11-15 05:16:41
He gave me my money back in the form of a website called bitcointalk. Totally worth it.
@_date: 2014-11-16 11:41:29
Theymos has responded to you in other posts. I'm not him.
@_date: 2014-06-10 03:00:13
You could use this service, and wait about 3 months to hopefully maybe get a return on your investment while funding a potential ponzi miner. You get no choice in what pool you mine on, and you don't even know they are actually mining you just have to take the sites word for it.
Or you can rent a terahash directly, make your return in a day: 
While also helping to support p2pool (or whatever pool you like). 
@_date: 2014-06-11 00:36:59
I don't mean in an anarcho capitalist society, i mean in society now. Land ownership is a good example: In a CryptoAnarchist society you would register the transfer of property from one person to another on the blockchain (with bitcoin or some other crypto), it would be recoreded perminantly and if it ever changed hands that change would have to be recorded on the blockchain as well. That way there can be no disputes, in the same way that if I own a bitcoin, it's mine because i can prove i own the private keys to that coin by signing a message with it. You could do the same to show ownership of any sort of property. 
Another example would be judicial sort of stuff, where normally if 2 people had a contract and one didn't live up to it, you'd sue them in court i the current system. In CryptoAnarchy you would both agree on an arbitrator ahead of time, and that person would be able to decide who gets what. Currently this is how most of the underground market places and the old silk road (RIP) function when people need to resolve disputes. The third party can be anonymous, but still have a reputation and based on his/her desire to keep a good reputation (thus gain future arbitration business) he will act fairly. Cryptography in this case is also used to track the reputations of every "identity" (although it can be a psudonym, or totally anonymous). So it helps other people like employers or investors to decide if a given identity is trustworthy or not. 
@_date: 2014-06-11 00:55:33
 if you want to buy up hashing power and point it at a different pool, that would be great. Otherwise, don't worry. Ghash are good peoples, they are just bent on world dominations, and controlling a lot of hashing power happens to be the way they are doing it... nothing to worry about in regards to exchange rate of your favorite local currency to bitcoin. They aren't selling the coins for fiat.
@_date: 2014-06-18 16:44:33
Since you didn't mention your country i will assume US, which coinbase would probably be the best option. 
For the DNM if you want to be extra safe either use a tumbler or swap your btc for a [cryptonote based coin]( then back to BTC using 2 different exchange services (ie cryptsy and bter). 
@_date: 2014-07-15 11:25:19
It's already happening. Bitfinex, and a number of other exchanges require no AML verifications. Even coinbase only requires bank account/routing info no need for scanned/photoshoped documents. So long as you are using a bank account, and that bank complies with AML regulations, the exchanges should have nothing to worry about, the authorities could just go directly to the bank.
@_date: 2014-06-10 19:14:57
I agree 100%. Its great to see more people like us coming out openly about the true nature of taxation now that bitcoin is here to help with the fight against it. We might still be the minority for now, but thats only because everyone else either doesn't realize or is too afraid to admit that the state monopoly on violence must come to an end. 
@_date: 2014-06-11 12:20:01
I don't notice much difference aside from the time between blocks. P2Pool. Pays out the same as any other pool i've used. Better even now that people are donating. I suppose its partially because there are less miners, but we will see if that changes. 
@_date: 2014-10-08 13:58:43
Ive got no problem with panic sellers. They keep selling and I keep buying. $10 here $20 there.. I have enough patience to wait for higher prices before I spend them.
@_date: 2014-09-16 12:02:22
You can check this wiki page;  
But it won't matter how much you optimize, a gpu isn't powerful enough to mine bitcoin or even dogecoin these days. If you really want to mine without investing in dedicated asic hardware , look into monero which can be mined with a CPU.
@_date: 2014-09-24 04:49:20
The reason cloud mining is so popular is because the operators are able to sell their hashing power at well above what it will earn. If organizations like cex. Io didn't resell their power then they would have to call it quits due to power and hardware maintenance  costs. It would never happen though because too many folks are ignorant enough to buy the over priced cloud shares.
@_date: 2014-06-10 19:05:03
Do you even know who "they" are? Because I know some of "them" personally and they are a lot more interested in bitcoins price going up than in abusing their power to fuck it up. 
Like i've been saying: put up or shut up. You can rent hashing power from nicehash (or some other service that lets you choose where to mine) and point it at p2pool if its really that important to you.
@_date: 2014-11-13 11:51:35
That seems to be where the owners screwed up and how the feds got their "400 sites seized" from. The markets all did have multiple keys they could have been using but apparently at least in most cases all those where stored on the same server (or possibly just the same physical location.) Hopefully the ones that are left have learned from this mistake.
@_date: 2014-11-12 06:34:34
1. Yes
2. [Here is an example]( of when something went wrong. Basically a message is sent to all nodes (only 3 people Have the ability to send this kind of emergency message, Gavin, satoshi, and theymos) and node operators upgrade. If they don't upgrade they risk being on the wrong fork and are no longer part of the bitcoin network. non upgraded nodes get stuck on whatever block comes before the hard fork.
@_date: 2014-07-02 03:47:15
Sorry this ended up being such a costly lesson for you. 
I think [LastPass]( probably would have prevented this kind of an attact. Any companies who want to prent this sort of attack would be wise to look into using it. 
@_date: 2014-06-11 12:24:12
Yes, there isn't much of a problem as long as we're all mining blocks like we should be. Ghash is just getting more because they have more power, thats exactly how the system is supposed to work.
@_date: 2014-09-19 09:25:31
Your wallet should be creating them for you automatically. That's one of the things I love most about electrum.
@_date: 2014-10-02 01:24:05
Any service running on an onion address is likely to be a scam. If you want to use a wallet over tor electrum and blockchain.info both work fine.
@_date: 2014-11-10 05:20:03
You obviously aren't talking about it around her enough.
@_date: 2014-09-21 21:46:22
They usually don't block port 53, its used for DNS. Its always worked for me. Port 443 is always open too once you've connected and signed in, but port 53 usually works even before you sign in or pay for access.
@_date: 2014-07-21 01:45:50
Are there no US mailbox/reshipping services available that accept yet?  
@_date: 2014-06-14 19:23:10
The terms of service just says they aren't affiliated with the creator of p2pool. if you go to  you can see that they are running the same software as other p2pool nodes though, so I'm pretty sure this is a baseless accusation. If there is actual proof that it's a scam I've yet to see it.
Yes, Ideally you'll want to run your own node to really be a part of the p2pool network, but not everyone has a spare server with 30GB HDD and 2GB of ram sitting around. Not everyone has sysadmin skills, and if you don't know how what you're doing, its probably better to use a public node, at least temporarily while you learn how to set up your own.
2% is a pretty high fee for p2pool, but not all that unreasonable when you consider p2pool.org probably has some pretty good uptime, you can find a 0 fee public node near you on this sit:  
The only p2pool nodes that might be "duping" miners are ones with unreasonably high fees (i've seen some with 100% fees, now the highest looks like its 20%). This is very easy to spot though just go to /fee like on this one: 
Edit: Okay 2GB of ram is probably enough. Doesn't really change my point though. Anyone can mine on P2pool, not everyone can RUN p2pool.
@_date: 2014-08-12 08:16:30
This reminds me of car dealerships and retail stores that are always having sales.
It's not a sale if the price is normally inflated.
It's not a sale if you have one every other week.
If something is being sold, it's "on sale". Bitcoin is literally always on sale.
@_date: 2014-12-05 12:57:07
Maybe you violated steams TOS somehow. 
@_date: 2014-07-17 03:36:50
I'm pretty sure silk road was bitcoin's killer app and people just don't want to admit it. It's not the only thing thats driving bitcoin forward, but its the most powerful for sure because even if bitcoin where to be banned, that ban would have no effect on people who are willing to ignore it. 
Also the dark net free market sites continue to improve and grow. A new Silk Road is still up and running, and now they have some very serious competition from other sites like Agora and Cloud9.  Now instead of having the take down just one site, there are at least a dozen, they will never be able to shut down all of them. It's a good thing though because the silk road and sites like it have actually [reduced the amount of violence in drug trades]( 
I really wish people would stop pretending that the dark net has little or nothing to do with bitcoin, it's practically the only aspect of bitcoin that actually changes things, and it's the only thing that will continue to thrive regardless of what reglations or laws are put in place to try and stop it. So what If people are choosing to use it to buy and sell chemicals that they choose to put in their own bodies, they aren't forcing you to do it, they won't force your kids to do it, no more than gay people getting married is going to turn you gay. People do drugs and its a multi-billion dollar industry, Get over it already.
@_date: 2014-08-04 11:00:54
How does it make sense to buy an entire computer for cold storage? Just plug in the USB drive with your wallet when you need it, keep it in a safe place when you don't. 
Or if you really want just get an actual hardware wallet, which i still think is overkill but costs less and is more secure than a using an entire laptop at least.
@_date: 2014-10-13 19:31:06
So send them a fake Id instead and when they accept it withdraw your funds and move on. That's the fatal flaw with all these aml verifications, they can't actually verify shit 
@_date: 2014-10-19 13:14:19
 I got my bfl single a little over a year ago and the power supply popped within a month. They sent me a replacement and since it was the same low quality pos I just plugged it in to my desktop instead. I shut it down permanently months ago though because it cost more to run than it will ever produce. 
I wish I had gotten more of those $30 bitcoins instead of preordering such worthless hardware. I just keep it around to remind me never to make that mistake again. 
@_date: 2014-09-27 06:01:28
You should work on twister. 
@_date: 2014-07-16 00:28:25
What's up with that HUGE banner at the top of the webpage? Is that really how you want it to look? I don't even see much of the main content on my laptop. I hope you have a better design for mobile users. Also use a less jay-pegged image of gold, it looks like you saved a thumbnail from google image serach.
In regards to "bankcoin" 
I'm not even going to bother explaining all the reasons that is a dumb idea. 
It's exactly the sort of thing that happens when a wealthy "idea guy" meets an opportunistic programmer who's willing to go along with it and pretend its a good idea as long as hes getting paid.
@_date: 2014-08-17 20:06:01
Yes, I support content creators whenever I can and as directly as possible. Recently I started using [patreon]( to contribute to some of the youtubers I watch regularly.  Less directly I buy DRM free music on Amazon and I have prime which comes with enough video and music streaming included with the subscription to keep me happy, and until recently I paid for a netflix subscription too. 
@_date: 2015-05-07 05:29:07
I use [bluevm]( for my altcoin nodes.  
@_date: 2014-11-09 14:42:04
I thought hidden services don't use exit nodes.
@_date: 2014-11-14 05:55:21
Its similar to if your bitcoin private key is copied. Either copy can be used to spend the coins but with onion domains the last person to broadcast the key to the network is the one that's considered valid. So the feds and other the new owner can go back and forth rebroadcasting the key for doxbin for as long as they want. 
The danger for markets retaking their domains like that is that the fed could use their copy of the key for phishing and de-anonymizing users (as tthey did with some Pedo sites last year).  
@_date: 2014-11-17 09:08:49
How would anyone in the future manage to get by without a phone, unless  it was by choice? People literally throw them away these days, and a cheap smartphone with an E-Ink display could probably be produced and sold for under $10.
  It's not like you'd need to have cellular service, just a phone and a solar charger along with ad-hoc networking and you can send transactions p2p. I would expect most businesses to have some sort of internet connection to verify payments instantly, but between trusted friends you wouldn't need a net connection right away.
@_date: 2014-06-11 00:47:19
They aren't even playing the game. They make general purpose CPUs, ASICs are single purpose, mainly made by chinese companies. I'm not sure intel would even have the capability to produce them here in the US, and even if they did it would mean taking focus away from their main product lines. Not something share holders are likely to be okay with just yet.
@_date: 2014-06-10 19:00:24
I can't say for sure about having a normal job,  your income will most likely be reported, but it will still probably take the IRS a few years before they send you any bills on it if you don't file. They can also force your employer to deduct a percentage of your paycheck if you don't pay and don't keep enough in a bank account for them to steal it that way.
Buying a house in cash, you'd still have to register ownership of the property with the state it's in. I hear in detroit they have a lot of problems with people not paying property taxes and the city doesn't have enough money at this point to even steal the land back. Maybe look into the sitution in detroit a bit more to see how they've been handling things. I don't know much about it off hand. 
 Im generally not against (us) state taxes, I still think they should be voluntary, but I don't see the state I live in creating bombs and murdering children, so I'm okay with it for now. Property taxes are included with most if not all mortgages, but if you bought the whole property with cash, I think it would depend on how agressive that perticular state was on seizing property for tax avoidance. For me, I pay property taxes, but my mortgage is in someone elses name so it doesn't draw any extra attenion to me personally.
If you could aquire a portion land from someone else (that they keep owner ship of) and build a house for yourself on it (like maybe a [tumbleweed tiny house](  You could avoid paying taxes and registering the house, but you'd be depending on someone else who owns land to still be in good standin with the state. I've met several people who do this in the mountains of california (they usually have nice gardens too ;-) and they are pretty much left alone, since the state wouldn't really gain anything from taking the land away from them anyway (usually its on private roads, the towns dont have more than a sherrif for police, ect.). So if you go far enough away from "civilization" you would probably be safe to just homested on someone elses land with their permission.  One guy who was sort of a neighbor of mine whie i was living there had build a huge yurt and his payment for the land was basically just doing yard work and cutting firewood for the owner.
@_date: 2014-10-05 00:46:57
Why do you want to shut out honest bitcoin sellers using purse.io and brawker? I bet more than 5k people are already using them. 
@_date: 2014-11-01 10:09:17
It wouldn't be by mining. Since mingling generates new coins. Theoretically you could attempt to brute force a single address's private key, but even if you where immortal and built a Dyson sphere to power it, you wouldn't be able to find the private keys before the sun dies out.
@_date: 2014-07-05 15:02:01
A good start. I don't really think we need something like this to be based on the  US Declaration of Independence, or any similar documents.  Instead I think its more appropriate to base such a declairation of the ideals of the cypherpunks, who are more or less the main group that laid the foundation for what eventually became bitcoin, and more specifically they are the one's who created and popularized public key cryptography as we know it today.
If you haven't already read them, I highly recommend the following documents. They might be a decade or 2 older than bitcoin, but if you read them you will understand why they are extremely relevant today, perhaps even more so than when they where fist published:
John Perry Barlow's ["A Declaration of the Independence of Cyberspace"]( 
I would also recommend [The Crypto Anarchist Manifesto] ( by Tim C. May
And more detailed explination of the general cpyherpunk/crypto-anarchist ideology would be   [The Cyphernomicon]( Also by Tim C. May.  Its sort of a strange format if you havn't been on the internet since the early 90s. It covers a wide range of topics, some more relevant than others, but it does a good job of creating a "big picture" of how and why cryptography (bitcoin) is changing things.
Total speculation, but it seems obvious to me that satoshi was a part of the cypherpunk movement from early on.  
 
Maybe I will draft something up myself later, every day I'm seeing more and more people who share similar sentiment in regards to the independence of bitcoin, its about time we started to organize something.
@_date: 2014-06-11 10:47:19
This is completely false. I have no idea where you got that information from, but p2pool doesn't earn any less profit than any other pool, its just paid less often right now because of its small size. The larger p2pool gets the better the payouts. When you include the fact that people are donating to p2pool it actually has a better return than most others.
@_date: 2014-10-13 19:23:17
I mine as a hobby and offer consulting services to others. Most people simple want to believe they can make a profit, even when you do the math for them a tell them up front about the risks. I try to give people the best advice I can and explain everything clearly, but they generally just have their minds already set and trust me to choose everything (pool, wallet software, even passwords sometimes)  for them. Most of my clients don't know how to setup or monitor the hardware at all so I end up using SSH to monitor them from my home. 
Most of my personal hardware collection comes from buying or being given used hardware from clients after they either upgrade or give up entirely.
@_date: 2014-08-19 18:49:38
Leave theymos alone already. If anyone it's Gavin you should be worried about.  He's the one who talked to the CIA right before Satoshi vanished of the face of the internets. FFS You can at least make it interesting if you are going to make wild  accusations or  on a persons character. 
As for why Theymos has the keys to send alerts, it's simple: He is one of the oldest and most trusted members of the community (if this where not true, bitcointalk wouldn't be as big as it is). At this point it doesn't even make much difference since very few people are running the reference client for anything of major importance, any major service at this point would more than likely be running their own custom software. 
The reference client should be called as such, not the "base bitcoin client" or anything else. there is no "base client" because anyone can build their own from scratch if they want, and many exist already.
@_date: 2014-10-18 08:54:57
Simpson's did it before them.
@_date: 2014-10-27 01:59:31
Whenever that happens the testnet gets reset and all those people end up with nothing.
@_date: 2014-06-09 21:26:44
And what way is that exactly? How will they know the difference between my uncle satoshi buying me things as a gift and me buying those things?  
 This whole taxation thing seems to be more based on fear tactics than anything else.   
"Pay your taxes, or else"
"They will find out"
"they know how to find people"
...No they don't I havn't paid federal taxes in years, and I'm living pretty well off now, a lot better than I was when i actually had to file (because the money was taken from my pay check). No one's going to come busting down my door to steal the rest of my money, even if they did some of it is stored elsewhere in another country most of it is virtual and locked down in cyberspace. They could get the few thousand dollars I keep in my bank account for when I can't pay for things with bitcoin. Big deal, I don't even value USD anymore, they can just print more money if they want to make up for my not paying taxes and devalue my wealth that way.
 People might go to jail for tax FRAUD, like filing false refunds, in other words stealing money back from the government... but I'd like to know of a case where an average joe making less than 100k a year has gone to jail for simply not filing. The most they will do is send you bills and freeze your bank account, but they cant freeze anyones properly secured bitcoins so I say fuck them. 
Learn to secure your coins and you will be fine OP, taxes are as of now officially voluntary, even if they do jail you, they still won't get the money from you...
" Arise, you have nothing to lose but your barbed wire fences! " - Timothy C. May
@_date: 2014-08-15 18:33:54
No one of you is going to have to sign up for an account with the other's preferred service. You would both almost certainly be better off using coinbase, especially if you don't already have an active paypal account yourself. Just use coinbase to send the funds to his email address, then see which of you can setup an account on the other's service faster. 
@_date: 2015-01-23 04:04:07
Thanks :-) 
 I officially forgive you for losing the $10 worth of bitcoin I left on Gox. This link makes us even.
@_date: 2015-01-23 08:27:04
Not likely possible to do it automatically. An easy PayPal to btc makes for easy cashing out of stolen accounts. There are ways to do it manually, virwox or local bitcoins are the 2 I know of, they have high fees though.
@_date: 2015-01-10 21:18:13
Already expected zero privacy when they started requiring id and proof of address, threatening to send funds to some government agency for users who didn't comply. 
@_date: 2015-01-04 09:50:32
You can run your node as a hidden service on the TOR network. For setup information check here: 
@_date: 2014-09-17 00:07:58
"Cypherpunks write code" -  Eric Hughes
@_date: 2015-01-05 16:15:03
I'm not sure what country you mean, most if not all countries care about what kind of money transmitting services operate in them and have some kind of regulations. CCP, the creators of eve, are based out of iceland so they go by laws there. 
Its also not just about following the law and staying within regulations, operating a direct exchange for in game currency to fiat would over complicate things, bring unwanted attention from hackers and scammers and  could lead to other problems for the game being sold elsewhere (like on steam for example). The way eve does it works pretty well as is. If you want to buy or sell plex for bitcoin you can its just that the demand isn't really there yet so no one is doing it. 
@_date: 2015-01-18 17:08:14
Its a secret plan to encourage everyone to use a vpn.
@_date: 2015-01-31 02:55:58
Well if they where legit then they would have planned on being around. If they are a scam then they would still probably want it to keep going for as long as possible, but a scam wouldn't need to shutdown it's fake mining due to "unstable market conditions". 
If anything a good scammer would double down on the situation, encourage users to bring in new blood cause you know GAW's the real deal cause they kept operating even during unstable market conditions...
It just makes no sense either way,  GAW fails at both mining and scamming.
@_date: 2015-01-25 11:12:48
Its in closed beta right now. 
@_date: 2015-01-01 13:57:21
the longest one i generated for someone started with "1scumfuk", it took about 12 hours I think on an AMD R9 280x. 
@_date: 2015-01-10 23:14:59
(Solo)mine an altcoin with it. I keep my 55gh miner solo mining on digibyte or myraidcoin and get at least one or 2 blocks a day. I think zetacoin usually has a pretty low hashrate so 5gh might be able to solo a few blocks a day on that, or you could join a pool for one of the more popular alts that use sha.  
@_date: 2015-01-31 03:30:32


That would make sense. I havn't followed GAW too much but I think you're probably right.
@_date: 2015-01-05 08:32:31
Game developers/publishers wouldnt do it because of the legal implications. The closest you can get is exchanging BTC for in game currency (which you can do with second life's currency on vircurex among other places), or indirectly paying for a monthly subscription pass (like a gift card).
Eve Online has somewhat of a real world value tied to its in game currency. You can buy and sell PLEX with in game currency (ISK) and use it to extend your monthly subscription among other things. The in game price of 1 PLEX is set by the market (last i checked it was about 800,000,000ISK) but you can also buy it out side of the game for about $15 (with discounts being given on larger orders). Based on this exchange rate, people have estimated the real world cost of things in game, like ships which are worth thousands of dollars, or huge battles like [the bloodbath of B-R5B]( which had a real world value of over $300,000USD (or in game 11 trillion ISK) in ships being lost.
 Eve even has a full time economist on staff to manage the economy (basically like the chairmen of the federal reserve here in the US, he decides on how to set inflation rates and such to keep the economy stable). The company that makes Eve-Online has specifically made the transferring of in game ISK to fiat (or bitcoin) against their terms of service in order to avoid the legal complications it would bring them. They would have to be licensed money transmitters  and  keep records/report suspected money laundering, and on top of that, it would attract scammers and criminals. Eve has a fairly open policy in regards to in game scammers, basically things like ponzi schemes and thefts from player corporations are allowed and part of the game, which would probably not be legally allowed if they where using crypto-currency or had a licensed direct ISK to fiat exchange.
@_date: 2014-08-01 21:05:06
You shouldn't expect to retain any privacy if you use a money transmitter service that is based in the US (or anywhere complies with US AML regulations really). It's just not gonna happen. Things will probably only get worse in that regard for so called "On ramps" in the US.
Almost all of those things you mentioned; buying medication or even legal goods from a dark market, using a mixer, buying bitcoins for friends... keeping any sort of financial transactions private (ie not being able to prove yourself innocent) qualify as money laundering in the US. Donating to wikileaks might not count as laundering, but probably qualifies as donating to a terrorist organization or something. 
Money laundering is the modern day equvilant of [Thoughtcrime]( in many ways. Essentially if a government authority wants to make you "guilty until proven innocent"  you they just charge you with money laundering or tax evasion. Unless you can prove where the money came from and how it was spent (and that all of it was legal and you paid your taxes on it) you are guilty of at least one if not both. 
Things being that way doesn't mean you can't still launder your money (aka retain privacy), it just means you have to take an extra step or 2 along the way. I use coinbase regularly to buy and sell coins, I then send those coins directly to a wallet that is not under coinbase's control and I am the only one in possention of the private keys for (ie electrum or blockchain.info). If I where to hypothetically be doing something with those funds that I didn't want big brother to trace back to me, I'd probably shuffle them manually between a few different addresses (all of which i control) over the course of a week or so. 
It's also probably a good idea to make routine "legitimate" purchases with bitcoin and keep records of them on hand just in case. For example using a service like Gyft to buy amazon cards for stuff.
@_date: 2015-01-10 08:07:39
I lost about 10 coins to bitfloor. not sure if that was before or after bitccoinica.
@_date: 2015-01-31 02:48:25
This just brings up more questions for me. How could they not have at least a month or 2 worth of reserve capital to either keep the hashing power on, or keep their ponzi going? 
If the hashing was fake, then why stop? Heck it would be good bragging rights to say they where still up when bigger operations like cex.io had to stop, probably attract lots of new money to their ponzi. 
If they really had hashing power and sold it to users, shouldn't the money from the users have paid for them to keep the power on even if the current price of bitcoin is low? Their power costs should remain pretty constant, regardless of BTC. 
This is the same group that was basically just paying users 1 satoshi after "maintenance fees" regardless of how much (imaginary) hashing power they had paid for. They should have more then enough saved up to handle sub $300 bitcoins for a month, scam or not.  What did they plan to do in a year or 2 when difficulty is so high that the hundreds of small investors with 100gh or less are still expecting to see payouts?
@_date: 2015-01-10 08:52:09
Obvious scam is obvious.
I get these emails all the time, along with ones from Nigerian princes and nuns.
@_date: 2014-07-14 11:41:40
Yeah, Tim Lambesis is a pretty shitty person for trying to have his wife killed... I don't think ross has pleaded guilty or been put on trial (even charged) for those alleged crimes.
What if he knew that unless you are in the mafia hitmen ALWAYS turn out to be under cover cops, and he actually wanted to get caught. He'd probably also be aware of how selling fake IDs has been a common way for other under cover agents to gain creds and infiltrate online markets that came and went before the silk road. 
Sure, it's possible he just made a lot of missteps, and its possible he really did want to kill people who had threatened the community, but I don't think framing someone or illegally optaining (or creating) evidence is beyond the prosectutors and federal agencies, and in this case its actually a pretty good possibility. 
They don't just want to send Ross away and make an example out of him, they actually need to in order to have some way of continuing the war on drugs. The leaders of the war on drugs have a bad case of black knight syndrome.
@_date: 2016-01-27 10:06:49


You are buying a house for this purpose but dont even know if its profitable to do so? There is no way youll make a profit if thats how haphazardly you go about it.  Are you at least buying a house in an area with low power costs?
Why not skip on the house and the mining and just buy bitcoin instead? That way you dont have to wait and hope to make a profit, which is unlikely to happen if you are still at the "is mining profitable" stage. If you mine youre probably going to end up losing money to power costs.
@_date: 2015-04-10 13:44:08
I didn't know there was an official blockchain rate. These guys must  be legit. I bet they have some kind of inside connection with the CEO of bitcoin or something.
That's one heck of a Delaware accent that girl in the promo video has.
@_date: 2015-04-08 03:23:53
This I'd why altcoins exist. Its unlikely that bitcoin could successfully fork a major change like increasing the limit, or changing algorithms, etc. Watt for watt its more profitable to mine worthless scrypt coins right now then sell them for btc right away, and some people do that.  If mining btc isn't profitable for someone they just mine something else. 
There's also this crazy idea of not selling btc as soon as you mine it, because you planned ahead and can afford a hobby that adds an extra $100 a month to your light bill. 
@_date: 2015-04-06 09:11:29
Its no more or less difficult to launder money with bitcoin, the hard part is creating fake proof for the "legitimate " source of the money. You could perhaps start with buying small amounts of different altcoins and create fake bookkeeping logs perhaps with references to exchanges like mtgox that no longer exist, or you could just use some kind of normal business that deals mostly in cash and claim the money crimes from that.
The important thing is to not spend too extravagantly and pay taxes based on what you spend that the IRS knows about. So if you buy a house make sure you pay the taxes that would be expected of someone livining in that house. Even if you can afford to buy an eexpensive car up front, lease it so there isn't a question as to how you could afford it (unlike the guy who ran silk road 2 and bragged about buying a Tesla). Basically if you pay your taxes no one will care how you got the money.
The only real difference with bitcoin is that if you properly secure your bitcoins from theft an agency like the IRS can't steal them from you, they can still charge you with crimes and fine you, if you have any non btc income they will take that, but if you are just a retired drug dealer living off btc the worst that can really happen is they take any fiat that enters your bank account. 
@_date: 2015-04-08 21:52:24
Is yellow iron actually a thing or did you just get a like spray painted block?
And wow... it takes a special kind of stupid to fall for that sort of scam. Can't imagine why anyone would trust a random stranger to send them gold without using escrow.
@_date: 2015-04-06 09:23:49
Because blockchain.info isn't really good at detecting double spends and shows a lot of false positives. All of my payouts from p2pool are potential double spends according to blockchain.info.
Maybe try a different way of detecting them.
@_date: 2015-04-08 18:33:22
This already exists. There is at least one doctor (known as doctorx on darknet forums, I don't recall his real name but its googlable) who offers advice and accepts (optional) donations by bitcoin, he also offers paid consulting via skype. He also has a lab in Spain that offers testing for purity of chemicals. And as for buying  medication, if there is a big enough market demand for it, someone will make it available. There are already some things that end up being cheaper on the darknet for people without insurance (in the us anyway).
@_date: 2015-04-20 23:33:32
I can't imagine anyone with the access to large stolen cc data and years of experience with frauds wouldnt use a proxy and would pay for an order in a way that sets off such a red flag.  I mean, how does software not catch an order using multiple cards from different countries, there is simply no legitimate reason for that. Maybe im not understanding your explanation right: is it that someone used dozens of cards for a single order, or was it over multiple orders. If it was multiple orders than it was probably just some inexperienced company that word got around the carding "community" and sent many carders to use it (or the company itself was a front for cashing out the cards). If it was just a single order than that company sound not be allowed to accept credit cards, PERIOD.
As for it being related to GAW, well any successful con artist (and  I'd say josh qualifies as "successful" in this regard, so far anyway) would know to distance new scams as much as possible from possible from the old ones. If he has experience owning/running companies like GAWMiners and Paycoin, he should have it within his ability to create a fake shell company to simply cash out the cards until the payment processor realized what was going on and shut it down at which point a new shell gets made, rinse &amp; repeat .
TLDR: No one like Garza stays out of jail for as long as he has without knowing a thing or 2 about covering their asses, and any company that accepts such blatantly fraudulent transactions is begging to be abused by carders.
@_date: 2015-04-08 19:57:28
Bitcoind is the main server running the network. Pool software such as p2pool will then have their own difficulty settings that are lower then the real network difficulty for "shares" which are used to give consistent payouts and more accurately track hashrates. Some pools will also allow users to manually specified difficulty. 
Shares lower than the bitcoin network difficulty from bitcoind are counted by the pool server. when one miner submits a share that meets the bitcoin network difficulty and a block is found, the payout is distributed to all miners on the pool in proportion to how much work they contributed.
@_date: 2015-03-27 19:16:29
You've apparently sent at least 2 messages to them about this and expect more people to do the same. Seems like a waste of time to me, a better idea might be to spend more bitcoin with them so they have reason to care. Its not even wrong, its just that most people don't pay with bitcoin yet, probably 99% of people paying with bitcoin on there already understand how its fees work.
@_date: 2015-03-03 06:11:07
I see this same notification on P2pool payouts. I think its a problem with blockchain.info and not the payment itself.   Check a different block explorer.
It's not possible to double spend, PERIOD. Only one spend will be confirmed.
@_date: 2015-02-11 06:37:30
Resistance does not mean forever impossible. It just means that the time and money required to develop ASICs probably isn't worth it. Algorithms where memory requirements go up over time would be very impractical to develop asics for, by the time you had a working unit it would already be obsolete.
@_date: 2015-02-22 09:14:56
Its very simple, if you control the private keys to a given wallet you can spend the coins. 
Electrum can't "go under" since its open source and there is no "electrum Inc." Or whatever holding your funds. Electrum is not really a service (wallet) "provider" but a better way to put it might be to say it is a wallet generator.
 As long as you have a backup of your wallets private keys, you can spend your coins. If your wallet provider is the only one with access to the private keys and they get shut down or hacked (ie mtgox), then your out of luck.
@_date: 2015-02-01 04:03:52
Thats about $1.89 more than it should be.
@_date: 2015-02-08 02:45:21
If op wants BTC for amazon credit (and not the other way around), he doesn't have to worry about this.
On the other hand anything that allows for CC to BTC is going to be susceptible to fraud. You just have to hope amazon or whatever site it is has good fraud prevention, which most sites (if they want to not be scammed out of existence) do. 
@_date: 2015-02-02 22:27:35
Not with solo-mining, but you can operate your own p2pool node (or use someone elses) and you're payout comes directly from the coin generation. Eligius also handles payouts in a similar way. 
[Here's an example]( of a block mined by p2pool. You can see the way it pays out directly to all the miners and splits the 25BTC into small amounts proportional to how much work they've done.
@_date: 2015-02-27 19:36:21
No. Bitcoin exchanges are not banks so the money is not insured, and storing your btc without access to private keys for long periods is a bad idea.
Get electrum, memorize the 12 word seed (or write it down/save it somewhere safe) and you'll never have to worry about losing your bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-11 10:01:48
Is that a serious question?  CPUs are cheaper and good enough for single threaded applications like web browsing and word processing. For anything that requires a large amount of data crunching (gaming, hashing, password cracking, etc), GPUs will always be orders of magnitude better than CPUs. A normal CPU has between 1 and maybe 8 cores, where as a modern GPU would have hundreds of cores. 
@_date: 2015-02-11 07:40:13
Switching to the new algorithm makes all the old ASIC hardware useless, thus people are much less likely to invest in asics for a coin that has already changed algorithms (fool me once...etc). Take a coin like feathercoin for example, it started as a scrypt coin, if you invested in Scrypt ASICs to mine FTC you wasted your money because FTC changed to NeoScrypt. Now even if we suppose someone actually developed ASICs for NeoScrypt, its still  very unlikely that anyone would actually consider buying it in order to mine FTC.
Another type of ASIC resistance, which I'm very much in favor of, is the multi-algorithm approach. Myraidcoin and Digibyte both have 5 different algorithms, SHA, SCrypt, Grostle, Qubit, and Skein. 2 of which can be mined with ASICs, and the other 3 are all GPU only. Digitalcoin has a similar approach but with only 3 algorithms (SHA, SCrypt, and X11). For these multi-algo coins theres no demand for new types of ASICs, since the SHA and Scrypt ones are fine, and again if need be the algorthms can always be changed if a new ASIC is developed that makes things less fair to GPU miners.
@_date: 2015-02-22 11:55:32
I don't have an account with xapo but it doesn't look like they share a private key with users. maybe you want to use multi-sig storage instead.
@_date: 2015-02-27 19:11:27
The thing is it doesn't matter if bank computers are secured because the money they have is insured and a trusted third party can always roll back any unwanted changes. 
But yes they are incredibly insecure. Not just the internal bank computers eeither, did you know you can hack an ATM to pay out 4x what it deducts just by reading the manual to it (security by obscurity) among other things. Another huge security hole that will probably always exist is the human factor, phishing attacks and malware can target both the banks employees and customers.
@_date: 2015-02-12 11:11:33
Completely true. The only possible exception is if the up front payment is seen as a loan to be paid back with profit sharing after the repayment, which to date no "cloud mining" organization has done. 
It is also more profitable to run a fake cloud mining operation as a ponzi scheme, which is what most of the ones out there are. [More info here](
@_date: 2015-02-02 04:42:20
Didn't ZeusHash just shut down because of the BTC price or something?
How about instead of talking about cost, we talk about planning ahead and keeping shit going for more than a few months. No clound mining operation should take fees up front if they aren't planning to pay them back at a consistent rate. You're already screwing enough people over by conning them into thinking a loan is an investment, and no one runs a business at a loss (not for long anyway) so if you expect people to actually believe you aren't a scammer or an idiot you'll need to convince them not just to "take a chance" but that you will actually pay them back. We all know cloud mining is really just loaning money to people and hoping they spend it on hardware that will be cost effective enough to make both you and them a profit, but so far no cloud mining operations have been up front about this. They all paint it as if it's the deal of a lifetime and use deceptive marketing to make people think they will be earning money continually when in fact after a year or so the cost of running (then year old) that hardware will be higher than it earns. 
Here's a list of what i'd like to see in a mining operation and what would convince me to loan them money:
* payouts where made whenever blocks where found or at least daily. Payouts are made transparently either with a link to the coin generation block or better yet directly from the coin generation block (like p2pool, eligius, etc)
* new hardware (and replacements/backups) was planned into the budget ahead of time. At least once a year, this keeps power costs lower.  
* Some sort of monitoring and proof of actual mining was offered such as:
* hardware order receipts/tracking info, pictures of hardware during setup (unboxing) and in use
* coinbase signatures indicating a block was mined by the pool.
* regularly (daily or weekly) updated blog to keep people informed on what "maintenance" is actually taking place. 
* grantee of a set payout each week/month. It can vary somewhat and lower over time of course, but I would expect that my loan be paid back in full within 6 months, with the additional earnings after that being counted as interest. Primary reason for this is that I can buy my own hardware and know that it will ROI in a set timeframe(usually less than 3 months, 6 is being generous). If the hardware doesnt ROI in at least 6 months its a poor investment and shows poor planning on the part of the cloud operator
 
* Have at least a month or more worth of power costs already in reserve (in fiat) in case the BTC price takes a dive (like now) or difficulty skyrockets. Be transparent about how much is reserved for these kind of situations. If maintenance/utility reserves go below a months worth inform all partners imminently and make have a plan for some sort of emergency liquidation.
* If the operation fails, customers are entitled to a (partial) refund and/or some amount of physical hardware.
* At the very least an operation should meet all criteria for NOT being a ponzi listed here: 
Be honest with people, tell them you want a loan from them instead of trying to convince them you're giving something to them. If you meet the above criteria I will be fine with loaning you money to buy hardware as long as you have a solid plan on paying me back.
@_date: 2015-02-11 07:41:33
The only thing you won't be likely to see is CPU-only algorithms, because: 1) botnets will pwn everything, and 2) anything a CPU can do a GPU can do better, even if only slightly so.
@_date: 2015-02-10 21:46:19
While it will never happen with bitcoin, there are altcoins that impliment proof of stake, which is essentially the same thing. Reddcoin for example uses PoSV, where you get paid in proportion to how many coins you have and how long they've been in your wallet.  You can find out the technicals in their whitepaper: 