@_author: notaponzi
@_date: 2015-02-18 16:33:26
Are you one of the few people that experienced those gains? If not why does it matter?
If bitcoin userbase doubles every 8 months, than according to your very own statistics, more people joined bitcoin post November 2013 bubble - by orders of magnitude. You know what else that means? FAR more bitcoiners have lost truck loads of money than have earned money. There are definitely success stories, but there are far more I lost it all stories.
@_date: 2015-02-18 17:28:21
Well when bitcoin was actually attracting new ~~victims~~ users, a commonly touted fact was that bitcoin doubled in size every 8 months.  2009-2013 saw definite doubling of users every 8 months - it's actually in the federal reserve report that it doubles every 8 months.  However, starting in 2014 bitcoin has lost roughly the same amount of users as it gained (as evidenced by USD transactional volume for the last year) so you don't hear that fact anymore.  However, if you look at all metrics availible (google search volume, traffic stats to bitcoin websites, transactions per day), you see a clear doubling of users post November 2013.  That only means one thing: the majority of people in this sub are bag holders.
Go back to threads on reddit that are over a year old.  The usernames that post there are not seen here anymore.  They've exited the community.  There are some that still post, but the majority are people you don't see here anymore.  All that's left is bag holders.
@_date: 2015-02-18 16:43:26
Bitcoin is neither reputable nor efficient.  It was created by an anonymous man on the internet.  Has origins in darknet markets.  Has daily hacks and scams.  Dozens of users lose high amounts of money every day.
Efficiency?  Paying with bitcoin at brick and mortars is laughably cringe worthy.  Opening up apps, scanning QR codes, it's a total failure.  Credit card -&gt; Swipe &gt; Bitcoin any day.  Can't scan QR codes in poor conditions, need internet access, relying on apps that are coded like shit.  Everything about bitcoin as a payment method at brick and mortar stores is terrible.
Credit cards are &gt; bitcoin in every way possible.  (except buying drugs)