@_author: notanothermormon
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:45:36
I’m speaking more to the hope for change. People rail against crypto for a myriad of reasons, but I aim my frustrations towards an economy with a powerful stranglehold over the inequitable distribution of wealth. Yes this change happens over years, but it’s undeniably accelerating and with no seeable strategy for reprieve. Some people are attempting to propose solutions (far from perfect) such as UBI, while others are busy stripping away regulations / reforming taxes with permanent cuts for businesses which burdens the average citizen to carry the cost after their temporary cuts expire.
I have hope that this new and emerging market - seemingly outside the control of any one person or special interest - can throw a major wrench into the machine that rages on. I’m not nearly versed enough in the nuances of crypto to speculate what changes it can bring, I merely have hope for a brighter future than what we’re being given now.
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:58:20
You are correct. But sadly in the grand scale of things to come, I fear fiat more than crypto. The purchasing power of that dollar can be just as volatile (granted at a much slower rate of change). We all reminisce back to the times we could buy a double cheeseburger, large fries, and a large drink for $2. Hell, go back to the 1950s and order that same food for 45 cents. Fast-forward to the year 2020, and we’re going to pay $10 for just the fries and drink. In a relatively small section of time the dollar has lost several hundred percentage points in its purchasing power. For a short while we saw the pay scale rise to match the cost of living... But lets be honest, our current wage earnings are not keeping up pace at all. And that doesn’t even account for the strength of an isolated savings account shriveling up! The cost of living is driving people into poverty, and what’s more important is the fact this pattern is cyclical. Periods of economic growth followed by steep falls into recessions and depressions. This cycle is no accident, it’s a perpetration - and there’s your dollar’s volatility.
I welcome “a new player into the game” that carries the potential to fuck up the status quo. Cryptocurrencies aren’t the heroes we deserve, but the ones we need.
@_date: 2017-12-06 04:26:14
*cough The gravy train is gone? 12/5/17 @ 12.2K *Cough *cough