@_author: notalwayshere
@_date: 2014-06-13 06:16:42
I'm showing the contrast between alternative actions we could take, albeit in a more extreme manner in order to highlight it.
If it bothers you or makes you feel uncomfortable, it may be a signal that you feel there is something wrong with the same fundamental idea.
My point is, there are alternatives. Murder is extreme, yes, but so is a DDOS attack when we haven't exhausted our other options yet.
@_date: 2014-06-13 05:25:05
If I disagree with you, irrelevant of who might be factually correct, should this give me the right to forcibly shut you up?
Should this give me the right to, verbally or otherwise physically, threaten you?
DDOS attacks do this. They forcibly take away the ability for someone to have a presence on the internet. We're not internet thugsters and that's not what this community is about, I hope.
@_date: 2014-06-13 05:39:51


Yet you want them to do something contrary to what they are currently doing and are threatening to hurt their profits unless they do so.
I'm not defending them; I think they could do better -- but tactics like these are not the answer IMHO.
Would we try and educate voters to change their minds, or would we assassinate the president? Would we rally peacefully or storm parliament? There are still alternatives.
@_date: 2017-04-29 06:58:11
Dude living in Singapore here.
Mainstream awareness of Bitcoin is pretty low overall. But there are a large number of cafes that are keen to experiment with apps, whether those be loyalty/reward ones or payment apps. You can generally pay at most places with Android Pay, Apple Pay, Samsung Pay, Pay Wave/Pay Pass, so there's more acceptance of "alternative" payment methods.
There's also a huge market for overseas transactions as about half the population consists of foreigners.
One of the key issues is that Singapore is essentially a single city state country (only 45km or so across). That can be an advantage or a disadvantage, depending on how you look at it. If you have the ability to swing a small city, you've effectively done a country-wide roll-out. If you fail to make headway, you don't have the ability to try again in another city. You also aren't dealing with a local council, or state rep; everything is essentially a federal issue that needs buy in from an entire country.
Government-wise, although Singapore is small, it has a massive, well-established financial industry. That means that other ASEAN countries are looking to Singapore when it comes to innovation and regulation. One of the current examples is the local Monetary Authority of Singapore's regulatory sandbox for FinTech businesses, which relaxes some of the regulatory requirements.
Startup support is among some of the best in the world, in my opinion (but I come from Australia where we only have a handful of true startup "made it big" success stories), with options for entrepreneur visas, government funding, a multitude of co-working spaces, and some access to cheaper labour in neighboring countries (quality is another question, though).
I'm sure I'm missing something, but I've been wondering why there aren't more FinTech startups dabbling in Bitcoin here. On paper, at least, it seems like one of the best places to get the ball rolling.