@_author: notexecutable
@_date: 2017-12-23 22:37:46
Nah. Gold has a utility value in eletronics, chemistry, and for making shiny stuff. 
Edit: Even the hyperinflated Reichsmark had a use as fuel and as a toy (I'm not kidding, children played with bundles of money). Or to write notes on. 
@_date: 2018-02-18 11:32:08


A core issue of any cryptocurrency that will hamper mass adoption, that I rarely see discussed.
The amount of monetary value is steadily increasing over time. If you can't make more of your currency, you will run into the issue that your smallest denomination will be worth more than the least valuable product one might reasonably buy.
There are 2100000000000000 units in most cryptocurrencies. If the total value of any such currency exceeds 21 trillion, 1 unit is &gt; 1 cent. Current money supply in fiat is about 110 trillion dollars (1 unit ~= 5 cents).
The problem will be even worse in reality, because cryptocurrency tokens can be destroyed and lost forever, further diminishing supply and increasing deflation.
At some point, you won't be able to buy a pound of rice without overpaying.
And that's not even touching how useful ad-hoc creation of money is for a capitalist economy.
@_date: 2018-02-18 17:04:39
Cryptocurrencies will necessarily deflate as long as the total value of all stuff in the world keeps increasing (which it has been since we invented money). By the very simple formula:
    
    value of 1 unit = (total of all assets and goods in the world) / 2100000000000000 
To stop deflation once and for all, you have to adjust either the amount of tokens or the total value of stuff in the world - i.E. stop economic growth.
The latter might be inevitable at some point, since growth will find some natural limits in the amount of resources we have at our disposal (and thus how many humans and jobs we can support). But I don't think we are currently near that limit. And there are reasonable scenarios to overcome those current limits (i.E. going interplanetary).
Edit: I'm also not sure what you mean with M0, M1 and so on. But the idea that a currency (say Bitcoin) explicitly  requires a sub-currency (lightening) to function sits uneasy with me. Our most important commodity should be designed from the ground up with all requirements in mind. Current cryptos to me look like make-shift solutions and patchwork. And since modern currencies (fiat or crypto) don't work without trust, that's quite the considerable flaw.
@_date: 2018-02-18 17:50:27


If a person thinks that a currency is not trustworthy (because it's unstable, insecure or whatever), he is less likely to use it, and instead use some alternative - of which there are thousands now.
If that goes to far, you even risk losing the very function of money itself: An easy, universal mean to exchange and store value. If I get A from my employer, have to pay rent in B and buy food in C and D because everyone prefers a different currency, I might as well go to using back to gold or cigarettes.
@_date: 2018-02-19 07:54:47
It's not only that. That aspect just makes for an easier example.
You can't replace trust by technology. That's not how humans work. And if that's a goal of crypto currency, like zu said, then the whole thing is doomed to fail.
Edit: The users will have to trust the designers and programmers of the currency (remember: Not everyone can audit code). They'll have to trust that it is indeed as secure as they want it to be. They have to trust that the currency can remain functional indefinetly. And so on and so forth. It's all the same trust people have to put into banks and governments, it just manifests slightly different. If a user doesn't trust the currency, no technical mumbo-jumbo will persuade them of using it. 