@_author: notfortrumpbutcomeon
@_date: 2016-05-02 13:10:55
I am Satoshi! 
@_date: 2016-05-03 17:39:08
I am going to get down voted for this, but all of you are pretty crazy.  Gavin vouches for him and if he moves early block coins, then I think the argument is over.  I think what is really happening here is all of you are disappointed that Jesus did not sprout from the skies to create bitcoin himself.  You are disappointed that the man who created it is Craig Wright, but you wanted someone that you hold in higher esteem.  May be I am wrong, I don't know, I am not a programmer just an economist.  That said it makes no difference and does not change bitcoin.  Sorry it's not Jesus guys, but you should have know that to begin with. 
@_date: 2016-05-02 13:13:26
There are a million ways for him to verify his identity that would be sufficient and he is not doing them... Smells pretty bad. 
@_date: 2016-05-03 17:59:13
I agree until he moves the genesis block coin (or an early one) I will be skeptical, but people are taking it a bit far calling Gavin a CIA shill.  Also people are ranting and raving about how he is fake, when they should just be saying that the proof he has supplied thus far is insufficient to prove the veracity of his claims.  For the past two day I have seen so much Craig hate, and it just does not make sense to me.  If he created bitcoin should we not be loving on this guy?  He seems similar to a lot of us, a guy trying his best to make his way through the world, a bit of an outcast, too smart for his own good.  I hope he moves all of the bitcoins known to be owned by Satoshi just to prove beyond a reasonable doubt.  That said it makes no difference.  If he created bitcoin he let go of the reigns.  We don't need to follow his guidance or recommendation if we don't want to, he is just a man that started something amazing.  Any how its just sad to see so much hate, when it seems like a reasonable time to celebrate, once undeniable proof is supplied.     
@_date: 2016-05-02 13:08:14
I literally had the same conversation with someone at work today.  I said I don't know if Craig is who he says he is, I really don't, but he can solve this pretty easily by moving the bitcoins to a new wallet.  Hell he just has to move one or two and that is enough proof for me. 