@_author: nothing3x
@_date: 2019-06-01 13:20:01
I want to use and support the LN network, but it's still hard for me to create my own node. Until it becomes as easy as installing Bitcoin Core, don't be surprised to see people paying for lemonade using on-chain transactions.
@_date: 2019-06-01 20:52:36
What's the computer equivalent to Bluewallet?
@_date: 2019-06-01 13:46:49


Not sure about other systems, but at least on Windows you can use NetLimiter and have speed limits or usage quotas for apps.


It can be done, but requires some investment. I haven't had a power outage in a long, long time, but bought an UPS for under $150 which lasts ~20-30 minutes with my current load.
It's a fair point/concern.
@_date: 2019-06-01 21:23:21
I only see people suggesting custodial wallets for phones. What about a Bitcoin Core-like wallet for computers? Any suggestion?
@_date: 2019-06-01 21:05:12
Why shouldn't I use my computer?
@_date: 2019-06-01 21:35:25
@_date: 2019-06-03 01:50:52
@_date: 2019-06-01 13:38:22
If you're using Windows, there's a program called NetLimiter (  ). It allows you to have usage quotas or limit the speed used used by apps.
I have unlimited data, but performance surfers when uploading at full speed. Right now I'm limiting my full node upload speed to 1MB/s. Still uploads 10-25GB per day, but doesn't cause any issues. Maybe this can be useful for you.
@_date: 2019-06-01 13:16:13
If the Bitcoin network is vulnerable to (paid) "spam", then it's a network problem, not a Veriblock problem.
@_date: 2019-06-01 13:26:14
It's blockchain problem if it allows (paid) spam. We're fucked if in order for Bitcoin to work we need people to behave well.
And LN needs to become easier to use (like Bitcoin Core) in order for people to move small transactions to layer 2. Right now it's still a pain in the butt to use.
@_date: 2019-06-01 13:51:56
Yeah, but this is supposed to be "[Electronic Cash]( If fees are high, I'm not sure how I can afford to make payments.
Sure, "use LN", but where the .exe that I can install on my computer and set up everything for me? It's still too hard to use, so don't blame people if they decide to do on-chain transactions.
@_date: 2019-06-01 21:22:19
And it's shit like this that is then used against BTC and LN. "LN only works on phones".
I already have a Bitcoin Core node helping the network and want to have my own Lightning node, but it's hard to create one. Is that hard to see my point? If I wanted to trust 3rd parties, I would be using my bank account or supporting BCH.
@_date: 2019-06-01 13:14:23
Veriblock is just doing what the blockchain allows anyone to do. They pay, just like any other user. If in order for Bitcoin to work everyone needs to behave, then we're fucked because a bad actor can screw up everything.


Agreed. LN needs to become easier to use though, so don't blame people if right now they still use on chain transactions to pay for their coffee.
@_date: 2019-05-29 15:40:04
Thanks, I'll try to read it later! It's important to hear the pros/cons.
@_date: 2019-05-30 03:40:40


Oh ffs man. I get that. What I'm trying to tell you is that I can't wait hours for a confirmation so I can receive and eat the pizza I just ordered.
In order to be used as money to pay for everything, it needs to be done in seconds. You don't wait hours on a supermarket to be able to leave, you don't wait 8 hours to eat that pizza that usually takes 30 minutes to arrive, etc.
You're focusing on it being settled or not. I'm talking about making a payment and be done with it just like happens with fiat. 0-conf, LN, etc, they're all fundamental for Bitcoin to be used as cash. The "just wait 24 hours" and it will go though doesn't work for most payments I make.


More than a year actually, but I get your point. We must understand and your average user doesn't know how to use it until it's user-friendly, so right now they can't use it.


No, I'm no trolling. I simply look at the blocks.
Right now 1 sat/b is enough to process a transaction quickly. 24 hours ago, when the mempool size [was ~18MB]( it would take a few hours to go through, which, when you consider that average users can't yet use LN, is a problem if they need to make a quick payment.
If LN was accessible to everyone, I wouldn't be complaining.


From the [whitepaper](
"Abstract. A purely peer-to-peer version of electronic cash would allow online payments to be sent directly from one party to another without going through a financial institution. (...)"
Not only it says "electronic *cash*" but it explains what it does: a payment from A to B. That's where it comes from.
Now, **I don't think it needs to be done on the 1st layer**, but as you correctly pointed out, Lightning isn't user-friendly yet or widely accepted. So, what can normal users do? They are forced to use the 1st layer
When LN becomes easy to use and assuming fees remain low, I'll shut up. The reason I'm complaining is because right now, without any layer 2 solutions, it's too expensive to make quick payment.


I know they don't need Bitcoin, but in that case who's going to use Bitcoin? Only online drug dealers? Bitcoin needs to be used as money if we want it to be taken seriously.


I agree about inflation, I also think that being a store of value is a good thing. But Bitcoin is also *cash*, not only because Satoshi said so, but because people are using it right now as cash. The guy in Venezuela can't afford to use it as a saving account, he's using it to buy basic stuff. This same guy can't use LN, so he will use the more expensive and slower layer 1.
Just to be clear in case you haven't understand my position, I don't think my cup of coffee needs to be paid using the main layer. I think LN can be used for this. The problem is that it's still too hard to be used by the average user and therefore isn't a solution for them.
(edit: fixed some typos and added a screenshot to the mempool size)
@_date: 2019-05-29 15:07:22
This is acceptable for payments that can take some time (eg: sending money to a friend) but not viable if you want to order a pizza. You want to eat it 30 minutes from now, not 8 hours.
Things aren't as bad as the bch camp claims, but we must understand that most people wont move from their fast and easy to use Visa and PayPal to something that it's hard for them to understand and takes hours (no one wants to pay high fees...) to process a payment.
LN needs to be easy to use and set up if we want people to adopt bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-05-28 20:37:50
We need to keep in mind that many of the people moving to Bitcoin have access to platforms like PayPal where they can send payments for free or for a very low amount.
Fees are important if we want to increase usage, after all not everyone is here to *hodl*. Right now Bitcoin has the opportunity to gain users in places like Venezuela, but no one is going to pay 1 or 2 dollars, which is a huge amount for them, for a fast transaction just so they can buy food for a week.
What's LN status? (I've been away from Bitcoin for a few months)
@_date: 2019-05-29 18:13:46
Yes, but that can also be said about other coins. BCH also has a few downsides when compared to BTC:
- 0-conf is not secure and the argument that the financial incentive isn't there to perform an attack doesn't convince me.
- Block size is an issue. I want to host my full node. Trusting the free market to take care of this when many people use Bitcoin because they were fucked by the free market isn't a good way to change these user's minds. I pick the rules I agree with, not the rules picked by some for profit company that can be forced by governments to do whatever they want.
- Cash needs to be stable. A hard fork every 6 months doesn't provide stability.
- Their network isn't as secure as BTC.
- I completely disagree with the attempt to call BCH "Bitcoin" and BTC "Bitcoin Core". This happened after the fork and was wrong in my opinion. They might not agree with decision of the majority, but it doesn't mean the small, hard forked chain should take the name with them. Bitcoin(.)com selling BCH to people that where looking for BTC was also wrong.
- I hate cult of personality. I used to be downvoted to hell every time I criticised Craig. I was a shill. It still happens with Roger, no matter what he says or do, you can't criticise them. I also hate the "us vs them" mentality. The community is too toxic for me.
BTC is fine. It's stable, it has value, and it's secure. The block size has to increase, as recognised by the Core team (yes, even [Luke Dashjr says that it should happen]( but only after optimisations are in place). This makes sense to me, because throwing resources at a problem doesn't fix the problem. The main problem right now is the on-chain transactions fees, which are nowhere close to 2017's 50$+ per transaction, but are still too high to be used for all payments (I don't think it should cost 1$ for a next block transaction).
LN works well, even though many said it wouldn't work. Even if the current version has some routing limitations, there are new solutions like [ant routing
]( that would easily scale it to VISA level of transactions, so it's not a dead-end. The problem is that it's not yet as easy to use (eg: create a node, run on "autopilot" like a full node wallet). As soon as it is, most of my complaints will go away.
@_date: 2019-05-29 17:36:49


I'm comparing a payment method to another payment method. Settled, not settled... You go to a store, pay, and leave. You'll not wait 1 hour until it's settled in order to leave. This matters if you want to get people to use Bitcoin.
You'll tell me "use LN", to which I'm forced to reply "LN it's still too hard to use".


The customer. I'm not arguing for the "end of fees", I'm just saying that paying 3 or 4 dollars isn't acceptable for everyone. In some places, which probably need Bitcoin more than we do, that's 1/4 of their salary.


If you read Satoshi's white paper, before even mentioning security, he explains that Bitcoin is a "Electronic Cash System" that "allow online payments". Right now, it's expensive to use Bitcoin as cash. We have to choose between fast, but expensive "payments", and slow, but cheap "payments".
Slow, but cheap transactions are fine for some things, but if I want a next day delivery from Amazon, they have to receive some confirmation quickly. 8 hours? That's too slow.
Now, I don't think that *every cup of coffee* needs to be recorded in the blockchain, and that's why I'm not against LN, but Bitcoin was never only about *hodling* and *store of value*. Normal payments is also one of the reasons why it was created. 


I understand what Bitcoin tries to accomplish. What I'm trying to tell you is that 99% of the people that use cash doesn't care about how it works behind the scenes. They don't care if it's settled or not, if PayPal business model is expensive or not. If it's slow, they can't use it for day-to-day transactions. If it's expensive, they'll use something else. If it's hard to use, they'll keep using what they are familiar with.
If we want people to use Bitcoin, we have to stop saying that 1 or 2 dollars fees are fine. We also can't expect everyone to buy a Casa Node or maintain some lighting node via terminal commands. It needs to be as easy as install an app on your phone or computer (like Bitcoin Core?).
Most people out there aren't experts on Bitcoin and just want to pay their stuff and protect themselves about things like inflation. If it fails or is bad at being cash, they won't use it.
@_date: 2019-05-29 15:37:07
When I go to a supermarket, I give them my debit card, type in my pin and 5 seconds later I'm okay to go without paying any fees (the business handles that). I can send a few bucks via PayPal to a friend without paying any fees. This is what Bitcoin is up against.
Is PayPal a pain in the ass to deal with if they suspend your account? Yes! But we can't act like waiting hours for a payment to process is okay when you want to use Bitcoin as money.
Want people to use Bitcoin? Make it fast, simple and cheap. And by cheap I mean cheap for everyone, not only for those in places where a dollar is "nothing".
The normal user doesn't care about it being "secure", "p2p" or knows what "proof of work" is. They just want to use it to make payments and save as something that retains its value.