@_author: notmyfriends
@_date: 2017-10-21 18:32:25
I'm 100% bitcoin now.  I might get back into ETH some if the ETH/BTC ratio ever starts convincingly reversing its downtrend.
@_date: 2017-10-21 22:17:23
I think a ton of people know about bitcoin, but not many people own it.  Not sure how many people will eventually own it, though.
@_date: 2017-10-21 18:10:37
Adoption rates are projected using an S-curve function that is fit based on historical bitcoin user data.  Bitcoin prices are then projected using historical price data and Metcalfe's law.
To estimate the number of historical users of bitcoin, an estimate from a [2016 report]( by Ark and Coinbase was used: 


the world hold a material amount of bitcoin. Meanwhile, over 500 million people hold stocks directly
or indirectly. 




investors, it has penetrated less than 0.2% of the global population.
This analysis assumes that eventually everyone that holds stocks directly or indirectly will eventually hold bitcoin as well.  So, this valuation is based on bitcoin becoming a new investment class.
I'm sure the analysis has many flaws.  I thought it was just an interesting way to look at bitcoin valuation and I won't argue that it's completely right.  Does one bitcoin being worth $2.5 million sound unrealistic?  Yes, it sounds crazy.
Nevertheless, it is a possibility. Each bitcoin being worth $2.5 million would put it at a market cap of $53 trillion.  Below is a list of market cap of other assets:
* Bonds: $93 trillion
* M3 Money Supply: $70 trillion
* Equities: $54 trillion
* Gold: $8 trillion
Bitcoin, and cryptocurrencies in general, have an opportunity to steal market share from each of these classes.  Below are some prior posts from reddit on the subject:
[Post 1]( by &gt; There are 8 trillion dollars of value invested in gold even though it's largely useless. Gold is not accepted in any stores. It is difficult to transport. You can't use it to buy and sell things over the internet. It is difficult to convert to dollars.




[Post 2]( by &gt;I'm sure some people will look at me like a looney for suggesting this, but add the "risk free bond market" (basically bonds issued in the currency of the issuer - nominally risk free, but not risk free in real rates) to the list of markets bitcoin could intrude on in terms of a store of wealth. The US bond market alone accounts for about 35 trillion (edit - I derped and should clarify that "only" ~14 trillion of that would be US gov bonds, however the global total for risk free govt bonds still adds up to around 40 trillion).


In short, there are three markets that bitcoin can potentially siphon value from - currency, gold, and risk free bonds. Such an asset is not unprecedented; not too long ago that was essentially gold's role in the financial system. Those three markets combined are currently worth over 100 trillion.


digital fiat with the lack of a central authority and reliable scarcity aspects of gold - in fact, it's not a stretch to say that it actually improves upon the strengths of both of them.
[Post 3]( by &gt;The current market value of Gold is 6.5 trillion dollars. The gold used in industry, jewelry and grills accounts for somewhere between 5 and 10 percent of the total supply, The rest of it's value is essentially speculation on it's ability to store value.


To contrast this first point, scarcity, with bitcoin, I would argue that bitcoin's scarcity is much more assured than gold's. It's assured digitally, in fact. Gold's scarcity is assured only based on the fact that people think most of the easy-to-mine gold in the world has been found and mined.


So, the mad-max scenario aside, bitcoin could take a huge portion of that 6.5 trillion dollar gold market.
But bitcoin really goes beyond this. It's a currency that has purposefully combined the most desirable properties of gold, and the most desirable properties of fiat (which i admit, there are not many!). Why on earth would it NOT dominate the currency market? Everything else being equal, exactly who would choose to save their money in a currency that not only could be slowly inflated into oblivion, but also had an undeniable historical precedence for being inflated into oblivion?


There's at least 40 trillion dollars (USD equivalent) in government issued fiat currency, in the world, plus 7 trillion dollars worth of precious metals. Is it realistic that the greatest form of money the world has ever seen will have a 2.6 trillion dollar market cap? No, that figure is WAY TOO LOW.

