@_author: notmelord
@_date: 2017-12-19 22:08:50
the video is old, but I had not seen the video yet. thank you
@_date: 2018-05-26 18:17:19
Relax, you answering like you own your life to Bitcoin, it's okay.


I get and understand your point here, i was more talking about censorship within the rules of the sub. If any sub have a rule that says "you must suit our narratives or you will get banned", then it's ok to ban people who disagree with mods opinions, like i already said no one is obligated to use it.
Thank you, i really appreciate to see and discuss different views.
The best luck :\)
@_date: 2018-05-25 23:03:26
Why can't we discuss freely how Bitcoin should scale?
Why i can't say that is wrong to bash anyone only because you don't like him/her?
Why can't i oppose to mandatory side chains?
Why can't i think that a node without hash rate do not create consensus?
Why can't i have my opinion?
Why we allowed a community in the same path to split like this?
So, why we can't have a no name calling and peaceful debate?
If i get banned for this, will you believe me?
There is no real good view, and no 100&amp; true person, as these are too relative.
Even if my view is the most ignorant or incoherent view, we should have tolerance, we should educate each other, we should be discussing every point of Bitcoin as a community.
If you can't have a different opinion on Bitcoin, that's censorship and, for me, that's worse than wrong, it can be dangerous.
@_date: 2018-05-26 13:10:37
I'm gonna use the name 'Bitcoin Cash' since you have referred the coin, i think that will be not a problem.
What i can say is, many tried to create discussing threads, so i challenge you to open a thread about discussing Bitcoin freely \(larger blocks, consensus 1 Node 1 Pc, debunk each side myths, etc\)  with pros and cons, free of censorship. What i have seen is that is just not possible in this sub, but i'm open to see the truth and if i can learn with it, the better.
I have seen people banned for being tired of Roger Ver post's for example, and somehow they are seen as 'Bcash shills'.
You see as aggressive an intentional split of 'S2X then Bcash' \(probably 'Bcash then S2X', but that do not matter to the point\), i see as aggressive a hijack on Bitcoin by Blockstream, we have the same "tools" so i rather use none, in my opinion, we need free speech and facts to decide which side is wrong, not pushing propaganda to each side.
"Anger, fun, shitheads deserve to be called shitheads.", i prefer to ignore, but it's a matter of choices.
I not sure what group you are trying to put me in with "you're a sea lion", but as an individualist i defend the idea that bitcoin as it is right now, have nothing to do with original Bitcoin itself, lost a lot of the properties of Bitcoin \(original\), maybe a conservative idea, but what i see right now is a stagnated coin and making it unusable, destroying the hype was not good, that do not means i think Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin.
I'm absolutely stupid then, i think banning aggressive behaviors, such as harassing others members or name calling everyone with no content is not censorship, on the other hand i think banning for having a different opinion is. I think that the other sub, should have another mechanism when it comes to down voting, like showing the post open like they did before and not banning the person for 10 minutes without a spamming evidence.
You want me to create another sub for Bitcoin discussions?, but r/Bitcoin is for that too, right? If not, what is the purpose? news, stories and memes?
I want to see Bitcoin to emerge, as Bitcoin or Bitcoin Cash, or Bcash like you want to call it which i don't see any reason for this, but it's your choice again. I thing both have common objectives and the banks situation, at least in my country, is getting worse and worse, that's one of the reasons i do not support the idea of keeping the small blocks on a hype and with that destroying usability.
Even i support both coins, at the moment, i support more the Bitcoin Cash path/way, and i believe, that this  path is the path that Bitcoin should have taken or take, but for this we need consensus and for having consensus we need free speech. Is this what you call a "sea lion"? Sorry if i don't really understand what you mean with that name, but is obvious that i support more Bitcoin Cash just by looking at my first comment. I'm not hiding it or i'm real bad at it.
Now talking about the topic itself, despite Roger Ver is making the offer to point a single moderator that allows free speech and to allow free speech on this sub \(not literally to remove mods\), i fully disagree of Roger Ver making offers to remove mods even if they are using censorship, no one is obligated to use it, it would mean that reddit is so centralized that they can remove mods every time they want to, assuming they are not breaking any reddit rule.
We are different persons, so is inevitable that we have different views and realities at something.
You should stop assuming things.
That's my sincere opinion.
@_date: 2018-03-28 23:36:08
You do not have to agree with me, it's just my opinion.
"exaggeration, misleading half-truths"
Almost everything i see is an exaggeration, but sure it have some truth, even when he got arrested for selling fireworks, i saw a lot of exaggeration.
Now every single person at BCH, first "they are in charge" of the coin, second they are all criminals and scammers, the only thing i can say is thank god Mcafee is not considered "in charge" of BCH, i read some histories about him since he made a youtube video "How To Uninstall McAfee Antivirus" (  ) which i found funny at some years ago, but his stories would suit this propaganda? , but everyone would be welcome, i don't have to agree with any of them or be a friend to them.
In this "proof", realistic thinking, i see an employee of Roger that used duplicated accounts on twitter, but obviously it can be worst than that, but do we really know ?
Everyone has flaws, if you see a movie on internet you are a criminal, if you drive at more 5 miles than the allowed speed, you are breaking the law, that do not means i go to the internet telling others that you are very dangerous for every people alive, it really depends on situations and what you really did.
Look at this example too:
He got 3 years in prison for speaking. That's recent too.
I really hope i don't get banned because of you! I'm a BTC owner too.
@_date: 2018-03-29 11:40:48
Didn't know that. 
He may have left with limited mental capacity, just read.
Thank you.
@_date: 2018-03-20 13:53:16
I don't think BCash is the right coin here, there are another coins which suits better for North Korea, they do hard on censorship in there. Regards!
@_date: 2018-03-28 21:25:16
If you were "at the top" of BCH, you probably would be a felon or a scammer. Do not fall on that trap.
'Character assassination is an attempt to tarnish a person's reputation. It may involve exaggeration, misleading half-truths, or manipulation of facts to present an untrue picture of the targeted person. It is a form of defamation and can be a form of ad hominem argument.'
Real life example:
But it can be much worst, like the very recent case of murder of the russian spy, or using drugs to arrest people.
@_date: 2018-02-18 16:07:43
This. Makes no sense to hold a coin on an exchange, if you are not going to move it. The exchange can close at anytime, even with warnings to withdraw your coins before the close you can be so distant that you will never see it. On a cold wallet the coins tokens will stay there for as many years you want.
@_date: 2018-04-19 17:00:58
Yes, the fees are too high, probably to prevent some type of abuse with that service, don't really know.
@_date: 2018-04-27 13:33:15
Are you sure?
@_date: 2018-04-19 15:33:50
if that is real, i'll stop using it for sure.
edit: 


It's not as bad as it seemed to me. I don't even use that service too often.