@_author: notreallyapony
@_date: 2017-10-13 19:13:03
Sure, but (and this is my first time in this sub) I'm not seeing a huge amount of this nuanced and thought out analysis. I mostly see quite a lot of very excitable folk assuming that they can buy bitcoins now and 'cash in' in the future, effectively treating it as a foreign exchange market, with 10% gains in a day yesterday, and assuming that it'll continue to only ever rise in their favour.
@_date: 2017-10-13 21:01:50
Don't get me wrong - however bitcoin works for people, great. But it's definitely not an alternative to fiat for *most* people yet, and the massive volatility should be a warning sign for those who are treating it as an investment option.
@_date: 2017-10-13 18:16:05
As I replied to another post above:
How do you propose to live off it when currently no bank will accept it for mortgage repayments, virtually no landlord will accept it for rent, no state will accept it for payment of tax liabilities and virtually no employers will honour a request for payment in it (and cannot, if they operate a PAYE payroll). 
In short, unless you own your own home outright, are self-employed and have clients willing to pay you in bitcoin, and are able to buy all your required goods and services via bitcoin - then you are subject to the volatility of the bitcoin market in a way that USD, GBP and EUR aren't. 
For as long as you have to exchange bitcoin back to local currency in order to realise its value then by default, you are subject to the risk that the value of your BTC will be much lower than what you paid for them.
Of course that's no different the risk that my pound sterling may be devalued by a hard Brexit, say - but at least when that happens, my bank, my landlord, my creditors, my debtors are all experiencing the same devaluation, at the same rate, in the same way. The relative purchasing power of our pounds will all be the same. Any bitcoins I have may or may not have - and that's where there's risk.
It's not an unmanageable risk, but people shouldn't be duped into ignoring it.
@_date: 2017-10-13 18:03:28
How do you propose to live off it when currently no bank will accept it for mortgage repayments, virtually no landlord will accept it for rent, no state will accept it for payment of tax liabilities and virtually no employers will honour a request for payment in it (and cannot, if they operate a PAYE payroll). 
In short, unless you own your own home outright, are self-employed and have clients willing to pay you in bitcoin, and are able to buy all your required goods and services via bitcoin - then you are subject to the volatility of the bitcoin market in a way that USD, GBP and EUR aren't. 
For as long as you have to exchange bitcoin back to local currency in order to realise its value then by default, you are subject to the risk that the value of your BTC will be much lower than what you paid for them.
Of course that's no different the risk that my pound sterling may be devalued by a hard Brexit, say - but at least when that happens, my bank, my landlord, my creditors, my debtors are all experiencing the same devaluation, at the same rate, in the same way. The relative purchasing power of our pounds will all be the same. Any bitcoins I have may or may not have - and that's where there's risk.
It's not an unmanageable risk, but people shouldn't be duped into ignoring it.
@_date: 2017-10-13 21:04:46
How do you think that would/will pan out if bitcoin were losing 10% against the dollar daily right now? Still think the currency would be highly liquid then?
@_date: 2017-10-13 18:23:32
Yes, because the infrastructure of reality is currently dependent on 'old money'. My employer pays me in it, my government taxes me in it, my bank and utility providers require payment in it.
Sure I can use a cryptocurrency to buy a Steam game or my weekly food shop even - but it's not accepted by the people I trade with to get all my basic fundamental needs (shelter, warmth, security, health etc) met. Therefore that need to exchange (back) into USD or whatever is what exposes me to the huge risks posed by the volatility in bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-13 05:57:50
No, you can't think of it that way. You've made nearly a grand *when somebody buys your bitcoin off you at the new, higher, price*. Until then, you've lost money.
The value of any currency is only what someone will give you for it. Until you've realised that value, it's safest to assume you'll get nothing. If you start making real-world decisions on the basis of un-sold bitcoins, you could get a very nasty shock if you find you can't realise the value you'd been expecting.