@_author: notrorywilliams
@_date: 2018-01-19 00:02:05
Yeah, I had delays in the other direction back in November and couldn't help but think they were using my money to day-trade before turning it over to me, it was easily over a week between leaving my bank account and showing up in my Coinbase wallet.  Doesn't make much sense for them to be doing the same on the other end with the market trending downward, though.  If they're churning it and delaying it unnecessarily then that is definitely stealing, especially if they're losing some of the money in the process.  
As to the choice of company... lesson learned for when I buy back in but I would like to get my money back in the meanwhile.
@_date: 2018-01-17 23:30:22
I'm quite sure the problem in this case is on Coinbase's end, it seems to be fairly well-documented in a few places including the top current post on Their support page says right up at the top that they're behind on transactions.  Their email system autoreplies saying they're behind on transactions *and* on emails about transactions.  And their phone support system has a prerecorded message saying they aren't taking calls about transactions right now.  
I don't know what the hell is going on.  I'm really hoping it's not a Bernie Madoff situation.  They seemed solvent last month but it's possible that they somehow didn't have the cash to cover all their pending transactions.  If that's the case users could be screwed.  If I'd anticipated this happening I maybe would have put the money into an altcoin and used that to send it to another exchange to use to withdraw my USD.  I didn't, so I have to just nervously wait for that deposit alert email to come in.
@_date: 2018-01-18 15:47:04


I don't think you understood me, and I respectfully disagree.  I knew (and know) what bitcoin is, how it works, and its intended role in the world.  The only piece of information I was lacking when I initially invested was the transaction time and cost issue, and when I initially became aware of it after buying in I at first wrote it off as not that big a problem because of the current nature of the crypto market.  I think that a main factor in the crash/correction was a large number of investors becoming aware of that particular issue.  I was ahead of the curve on that knowledge and probably should have sold sooner when I suspected it would become a big market factor, but I mis-predicted the impact it would have, and lost some gains as a result, but still came out ahead more or less by luck.  
I seem to disagree with you about the idea of indexing as well.  Technically, there are already at least two "countries" using Bitcoin, although they aren't really "legitimate" states on the world stage (NK and IS).  My expectation is that countries dealing with runaway inflation may latch on to it as a more stable currency which will drive adoption and value up.  I don't know why you think the word "coin" has anything to do with it.  
I don't recall what the rest of my upstream comments were in this particular thread but I mentioned elsewhere that the money I had invested was relatively trivial.  I don't have substantial assets as I'm still buried in student debts and apply most of my income to that.  I had about $3000 set aside for some wiggle room and when I determined that I didn't really need that I played with it on GDAX and had fun and made money.


No, nobody could at any point, I never held any illusions about that, but I saw the trend line and the press and made an informed decision which turned out to be a good move.
@_date: 2018-01-17 21:26:51
Geez, I'm 36 and I invested my "life savings" into Bitcoin in November.  Sold it out at the end of December on the way down for a handy 60% gain after averaging a bunch of purchases at different prices.  Joke's on me, though: I transferred all of my money from GDAX to my checking account almost 3 weeks ago and my money is now tied up in the ether.  Not in my gdax account and not in my checking account, with a transfer that perpetually says it's expected to go through any second now.  
Anyway, that's a tangent.  My "life savings" at age 36 was a bit more than half of a typical paycheck.  I have extensive debt from law school on top of my car and mortgage, so for the last few years I've refrained from holding cash at all; whenever I have more than a month or three worth of expenses in my accounts, I apply the surplus against debt.  My work is "feast or famine" and I've sometimes gone months without a check, but as of November I reliably had enough coming in that ditching my meager savings didn't seem like a problem.  In a few weeks I'll have more in my account than I've ever had in my life... and within days of hitting my account it'll all be gone to old debts.  My "life savings" will probably go back up to maybe $5000 tops.  Still less than I make in a typical month, and more than I actually feel comfortable leaving idle but the lesson of the current gdax debacle is to leave just a little bit sitting around in case something happens to slow down expected money coming in.
@_date: 2018-01-17 21:16:41
What if I thought I knew how bitcoin worked and that motivated me to invest, but upon learning about the transaction problems I became more hesitant but still held because I was convinced some country would index their currency to it and banks would latch on to it as a store of value driving the price up even higher eventually?
I bought all the way along the way from 7500 to 17500, and reluctantly sold just below 14k in an upward blip during the downward trend.  I don't regret selling except that I'm worried about my MIA funds in limbo due to Coinbase's transaction backlog.  I guess I should've sold higher, but I still almost doubled my initial money in under two months so I don't feel bad.  
Now I understand it more than I did before and I'm more hesitant to buy back in because I don't think that *anyone* fully comprehends what's going to happen with transaction costs.  I think the problem will be solved when cryptocurrency credit cards or the equivalent (batching transactions through a trusted aggregator) become mainstream but not until some company or software gets the kind of relative clout that Visa and Amex currently hold.  So maybe I will hold off until I am confident that problem is solved.
@_date: 2017-12-08 15:03:10
Just add a ramp. As long as its low enough to clear the garage door it’ll be fun. 
@_date: 2017-12-04 04:07:56
Maybe not proper New York pizzas but I’m sure in bulk it’s quite possible to get frozen pizzas for around $2 each so yeah today two bitcoins will buy you 10,000 pizzas. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 15:36:21
I don’t want to cash out my bitcoin right now. I’d like to get some bch but only from usd. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 04:24:20
For once I’m glad my “life’s savings” is a trivial sum that I don’t really care about. But if this rate of growth were to continue, that trivial sum could grow to more than my mortgage, so I’m gonna hold. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 15:33:37
I’m also expecting a “dinner table” influx after Christmas, just like we had with Thanksgiving. Families will be discussing it over dinner. Retired elders will be hearing about it for the first time and after dinner and presents they’ll be asking their grandkids to set them up. I’m quite confident that we’ll see an influx of money coming in a few days after Christmas. 
@_date: 2017-12-28 18:45:54
That doesn’t mean you can’t have it in an account. It just means you won’t be protected if the bank goes under. 
You could put your money in that account temporarily and disburse it to other sources within a few weeks without a problem. Although I admit I am completely naive about where people store such immense sums of money. I thought they were usually kept in investment instruments like stocks and bonds. Why would you have that much just in cash?
@_date: 2017-12-22 22:14:39
That’s my thought. It’s been very tempting to “quit while I’m ahead.” I somewhat regret that I didn’t sell at 19k when after dollar cost averaging from my recent buys I still would’ve been up more than double. Now if I sold I’d still have turned a profit from my initial investment but I’d feel a sense of loss. 
I’ve believed for a while that it will hit a new ATH around New Years. I’m not so sure I believe that anymore, but I would be very surprised if it didn’t rally at least a little in the days after Christmas when Uncle Ronnie hears from the grandkids about this new investment opportunity. 
@_date: 2017-12-30 18:47:01
I did it. Held my nose and set a sell order just slightly above the then current market. I think I sold out at like $14,000 and have tried not to look since. Although I did just look when I went to gdax to refresh myself on what I sold at, and it’s now below 13k, so I guess I’m glad I sold and wish I’d done it sooner, like at 19k when I should have. Even so I profited significantly from my short experiment with crypto, up more than 50% in less than two months. I am really concerned about the transaction fees and verification times and I suspect that the decline relates to more investors catching on about those issues. I may get back in when I am confident the market has resolved them. 
One thing I’ve been wondering: why aren’t there Bitcoin credit cards? Wouldn’t that go a long way toward solving the transaction costs and delays - batching transactions through third-party facilitators?
Also I’m quite jealous that you had so much in. Do you have a lot of money in from other sources, or are you a really lucky early adopter?
@_date: 2017-12-27 21:23:50
Nah, I could afford to lose it, but after investing it I made other financial decisions with selling it in mind. I failed to account for something else I should’ve been putting money toward and now I’m in a position where I could lose a trivial sum ($30 or so) if I don’t yank a significant sum ($1500 or so) from my hodlings.   So I'll probably just eat the other cost to avoid taking a loss relative to my expectations.  
Not a real loss... if I sell today I'm still up a significant percentage from when I got in.  But not as much as I would've been a week ago, so you know, I want to hold to see it come back up. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 04:33:38


Huh, I’ve never seen the error go in *that* direction. In this rare case, “of” was actually right but you used the “‘ve” that’s missed 90% of the time. It’s like when people overuse “whom.” 
@_date: 2017-12-10 15:22:36
I think it’s weird to predict that we will still be on Reddit in 22 years. 
The web as a whole has only been around a bit longer than that. Technically started in the 80s but mainstream adoption really started with Windows 95, just about 22 years ago. Can you make a single web site you were using in 1995 that you still use today? Only AOL and Yahoo come to mind, and both of them have minuscule fractions of their original user base, and virtually none of their original functionality. Reddit is pretty unique at the moment, but I’m not sure it has the staying power to continue past the smartphone era. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:36:49


I did, but my "life" savings is only about $3000.  
The last time I invested my life savings in something was law school when I foolishly used the education exception to drain even my IRA, figuring I'd be doing well enough to replenish it right after school.  Nope.  Sold my Apple and Tesla shares to pay for stupid living expenses during school.  Oops.  
I'm not planning to repeat that particular mistake.  I am keeping my budget as tight as possible and investing in parallel with my debt reduction process.  I know that standard financial wisdom is to pay down debt first for guaranteed returns, but so far my bitcoin returns are an order of magnitude greater than what I would get applying to same funds to debt repayment.  I could sell today and have almost enough to pay off my smallest student loan, but I don't see it as worth it.  I'm holding and considering buying more with every spare dollar I can scrape together.  
@_date: 2017-12-10 17:41:05
I’m not delusional enough to expect such a small initial investment to eradicate everything - although it would have if I’d bought in at the beginning. Can you imagine having invested $2000 when coins were worth $2? You’d have eight figures now. I don’t ever expect returns like that, but I foresee a moment in the future when the value of my bitcoin holdings will equal my car loan or my mortgage, or the cost of the RV I’ve been wanting to buy, and at that point I’ll cash it out. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 15:35:34
Site outages maybe? I noticed the same thing but I don’t have a real answer. 
@_date: 2017-12-28 18:47:32
Because we didn’t know. 
There are a lot of things I could’ve done differently if I’d known. No point beating myself up over not investing my lawnmowing money in middle school. Besides I had a lot of fun on that bike. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 15:19:05
If I was at a million dollars worth I would sell now. That’s more than enough money to accomplish or at least seed all of my life goals. Heck, I’d sell if I had enough to pay off my student loans. 
But I don’t. I got in a month ago investing about a month’s income spread out over a few weeks, and I’m up 50%. I would sell today and walk away with enough to take a nice vacation, or just the increase in financial security from having a two-month emergency fund instead of a one-month emergency fund. But I don’t think I’m going to do that. I only invested what I was willing to lose (having savings at all was an aberration from my lifetime of just having what I need) and I’m willing to take the risk to see where it can go. 
I’m more aware than I was at the start of some of Bitcoin’s weaknesses. I’m concerned about transaction fees, transaction speed, and government regulations reducing the utility and the value adjusting as a result. But I don’t really think bitcoin’s future is as a tool of daily small-scale transactions. I think it’s future is as a store of value for large amounts, and as such I don’t think it’s hit it’s peak yet. Personally I think it will one day get to $100k, and when it does my meager investment will have grown from a month’s living expenses to a year’s living expenses, assuming I don’t invest any more, and I might not. So I’m holding. 
@_date: 2017-12-18 18:46:56
When was it 20 K? On the gdax chart I see one blip for a moment at 20 K but it didn’t look to stay there for more than a few seconds. It looks to me like somebody just accidentally placed a buy order when they meant to put in a sell order
@_date: 2017-12-30 20:58:21


Quick mental math from the figures you've put here suggest you have hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash sitting around. You may have lost more than I have in raw dollars but you've clearly gained an order of magnitude more, and at this point you're telling me you're younger than I am and significantly wealthy... so I'll go ahead and be jealous, if that's the right word. I don't hold you any ill will by any means, I just wish I'd been able to take similar steps to whatever you've done to get where you are. 
I hope to one day get to zero net worth, and hopefully not long after that have as much as you "lost" in the recent bitcoin dip. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 22:16:00
That’s awesome. I’m gonna make a millino bucks. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 20:25:11
Honestly I'm pretty surprised by how the Christmas discussions about Bitcoin went, quite the contrast from Thanksgiving.  Thanksgiving the conversations trended very positive and a lot of new users/speculators came on board in the days after the holiday, driving the value up.  It looks like the opposite may have happened at Christmas.  
In my family the only conversation was between me, the long-beared uncle, and my 22 year old nephew who runs a more successful business than mine.  He was generally against BTC and described it as a bubble.  I decided not to really get into it with him since it didn't seem like there was anything to be gained from the discussion.  
I have to admit that I'm a little concerned now.  Frankly my plan had been to ride it out to the end of the year when I anticipated the buzz would drive it past 20k.  As it stands, I'm approaching a point of actually needing some of the money I parked in Bitcoin and I'm pretty hesitant to sell while it's actually down from my highest buy.  
@_date: 2017-12-19 11:46:30
What I did was just spend time at the shelter until I got friendly with the staff. Might help to actually volunteer there. On my fourth or fifth visit, a staff member gave me a tip on exactly when to come back for a litter of puppies to be released. So I came back and lurked at the right hour, and that’s how I got Jackson. He’s great, husky poodle mix, a bit bigger than I wanted but no regrets. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 22:56:09
"Need" is kindof a strong word.  I'll just give you the details, it's embarrassing but not too bad.  
Basically, I didn't realize I'd spent as much as I did on a credit card last month, and if I don't pay off $1300 at the beginning of January I'll have to pay about $30 in interest.  I have more than enough money tied up in accounts receivable to cover my needs for the next nine months, and enough is inbound on a predictable schedule to cover my expenses through March as well as the down payment on a major purchase I've been planning.  But if I pay off that credit card today, I will come within $100 of an overdraft if the $7000 I'm expecting in two weeks is late.  So really, I need to either accept the interest charge of $30 to leave the money in my account, or risk a shortfall, or sell my Bitcoin at a psychological loss (I'm still up basically double on what remains of my original investment).  
I suppose another option would be to sell part of my current holding.  I could sell out the remaining $1800 of my initial investment; right now that would be about half of what I have so I'd be leaving in just .13 btc to grow or shrink with the market.  If I take it all out now, my total profit from the experiment is 50% of what I put in; definitely not bad for a month and a half of speculation.  I just know that it would be emotionally difficult for me to deal with seeing it go back up to 20k after selling at 15.  Basically FOMO, I know.  But it's real.  
@_date: 2017-12-28 18:49:42
Nah, Reddit is clearly the right place for that kind of advice. 
@_date: 2017-12-16 20:15:17
I got in very recently and my investment has already doubled. I started to pull a little out a week ago, which reduced my gains, but I don’t feel bad about it, I needed to have some safe money in case of a huge crash. 
Thing is... at this point the value of my investment is just a few hundred dollars short of the balance of a credit card I’ve been paying interest on for a long time. Paying off that card would be a huge personal financial milestone for me; I can’t recall the last time in my life I was totally free of credit card debt. Of course I’d still be totally buried in student debt, plus my car loan and mortgage, so it’s not like paying off that one account would radically change my life. But it would be pretty nice to pay off a debt with free money from the internet. 
I think I’m going to hodl just a little while longer and then do exactly that. It’s really exciting watching my tiny little nest egg grow. At one point I was thinking of continuing to invest in it aggressively. But as I learn more about Bitcoin I’m less confident in its utility as a regular currency because of transaction time and cost concerns. I’m not sure what will happen when the big rewards for mining stop - will transaction fees go up even more? All of this really sours my optimism. I think it’s only real future is as a large-scale store of value and I’m not certain it won’t be supplanted by something better. So maybe it’s a good idea to get out before more investors have the same thoughts. 
@_date: 2019-03-26 18:50:12
Well American Express also offers loans and savings accounts, so I’m gonna go out on a limb and say yes, they’re a bank.  
@_date: 2017-11-27 19:19:52


My own conjecture as to the likely size of the ultimate Bitcoin economy. I don’t think the Bitcoin economy is likely to get as big as any of the major national economies, but I do think it’s likely to hit around one or two trillion dollars. I suppose $50,000 is just as likely as $100,000 at the time that the adoption level peaks, but I think it will continue to grow relative to the dollar after that time. 
But mostly just a guess, perhaps an optimistic one. 
One of the reasons that gold is so popular for jewelry is its perception as a store of value. I’m not saying that most of the market isn’t jewelry, I’m saying that perceived value is the main reason gold is so popular for jewelry. Same with diamonds, although the public perception vs reality is less accurate there given the vast gulf between retail and wholesale values. 
@_date: 2019-02-21 14:41:26
Not formally, no. But if you live in Buffalo, NY, and hop over the border to Niagara Falls for some other reason, they’re at convenience stores everywhere, so it would be pretty trivial to pick one up for a friend. 
@_date: 2017-11-19 03:55:07
Thank you, that is the feedback I was looking for, other than the derogatory phrasing. 
I have cash to get me through March with all sources. The through December part is just the known element that I have directly set aside for expenses (in my checking account).  
@_date: 2017-11-28 21:11:58
I'd say that one is a pretty solid buy today, most of us don't have that kind of money just sitting around to invest casually.  But the more the merrier.  A lot of people in this subreddit got in a lot earlier when it was cheaper and at that point "only one" wasn't that big a deal.  
I don't really think that the value of a bitcoin will go much above $100k, but I do hope I get to a full coin before that point, and I'm going to be buying as aggressively as I can with my spare change for the time being to get as close to a full coin as I can before it hits the next milestone.  If I can get in below 20k and it goes to 100k that's a five-fold ROI which would be amazing.  But I have no idea how long it might take to get to 100k.  
Why 100k?  Just a guess at the size of the bitcoin economy when it's fully established.  Personally I think it's going to really take off when small governments start using it as a reserve currency, and most of the governments that I'm thinking of are relatively small, a hundred billion or so each.  Venezuela is a big candidate, their GDP is around $370B USD.  If they move to Bitcoin and a few similarly sized countries do likewise, that would get it to a trillion dollars, or about $50k per coin when the mining is done.  I think it could still go to double that if the IMF recognizes it as a reserve currency, which I think is a long shot but within the realm of possibility.  If that happens it could potentially go way above 100k, but if that does happen it's likely 20 years or more out and I don't have that kind of time to wait for retirement; by that point I'll have long since retired by conventional means so inflating my net worth will be pretty meaningless.  
Nope, my goal is just to get as much in as I can below $20k and ride it up to $50k or so to bolster my savings from conventional income and then go back to focusing on the parts of my career I like with a little more financial security. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 02:58:41
By market forces, it may not stay at 10K long, but it definitely won’t stay at 5k long. I’ll definitely be buying more if it hits 5k again... but I don’t have a lot to invest. 
@_date: 2019-02-21 04:04:02
Wouldn’t it be enough for a single Cuban cigar?
@_date: 2017-11-19 04:36:29
I only have a few friends who are savvy about bitcoin and after everything I’ve read and learned for myself I feel sufficiently confident to dive in headfirst. But I also have a history of making a few bad past bets. For instance, I once liquidated the AAPL stocks in my IRA to pay law school tuition. That turned out to be a poor investment decision. From everything I’ve read bitcoin seems like a smarter place to put money than law school tuition, but at least one of my past “sensible” decisions turned out to be idiotic so now I seek advice from diverse sources. I am more inclined to trust my friend than internet strangers, but I don’t want to just blindly accept the first perspective that is offered to me, especially when it agrees with my own biases. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:02:39
Gold has more value than just jewelry, it’s electrical and metallurgical properties make it valuable in industry as well. But I think the majority of it is just hoarded as a store of value. Star Trek got it right with defining Latinum; it was just a substance that couldn’t be replicated and could easily be verified with no other practical use, and that’s what bitcoin is. In a currency economy, that’s necessary to facilitate transactions. 
I personally think the ceiling on bitcoin won’t be reached until banks and governments get on board using it as a store of value, like the old gold standard, but I think that’s likely in economies that struggle with inflation, and in light of that I think the ceiling for bitcoin’s value is at least $100,000 in today’s money and then at least keeping pace with inflation relative to other currencies. So personally I’m planning to keep buying even when it gets above $10,000. But I could be wrong. 
@_date: 2017-11-19 04:15:01
As I see it, the worst that could happen is I lose everything I put into it, which is a relatively small amount that I’m relatively unlikely to be that reliant on. It’s probably worth waiting until a couple more small checks clear, but I set an alert at 7000 and I think it would be smart to invest at least another $1000 if it does dip to 7k. The real question is just whether to throw every available dollar at it on the next dip. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 18:48:58
I'm personally looking forward to being a Bitcoin thousandaire.  I bought in very recently but my $1500 investment is already up to almost $2000.  At this rate I'll have enough gains for a new laptop by the time my current one is done!
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:05:02
It’s possible. I’ve heard a lot of analysts saying Ethereum is the next thing, and it’s been growing faster than Bitcoin lately, but much more volatile, probably better for day traders. Personally I’m planning to stay diversified between the two and probably do my day trading on Ethereum. 
@_date: 2017-11-22 20:41:15
21?  That's quite a number.  And frankly a bit of a first world problem - that's about $170,000 at the present value, would be over 200k at 10k... is this what you need to meet your retirement goal?
I wish I'd gotten in with a fraction of what you had to invest, or perhaps as soon as you did.  I'm brand new to this, with only around .12 bitcoins that I bought at pretty much the current price.  I'm scrambling to find more money to buy and trade with (playing with GDAX and accumulating small gains a few thousands of a bitcoin at a time) and I'd be pretty damn happy if I could even get to a single coin at this point.  
My goal is just to get as much as I can before it hits 10k, because it wouldn't surprise me if it one day hits 100k.
@_date: 2017-11-19 04:55:37
That’s always been my attitude toward investing, and money in general. I’m terrible with money and part of the problem is that I just don’t enjoy having it. I’m aware that moving toward investments that produce passive income is probably the way to go because just cash in the bank is too intangible for me to value and protect. 
What I really want is some land, but it’s relatively hard for me to save up enough for a land transaction. I’m thinking that bitcoin could actually be a viable vehicle for that savings and perhaps I could even buy the land directly with bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 03:00:11
Hitting 10K and tumbling briefly from everyone scrambling to sell. 
@_date: 2017-11-19 04:00:49
I invested $1000 a few weeks ago, half in BTC and half in ETH. After the dip the BTC is up again by $70 or 14% in less than a month. That’s insane. I feel very wasteful not having every possible dollar in it. 
@_date: 2019-02-21 14:41:53
Spoken like someone who’s never been to Niagara Falls.
@_date: 2017-11-29 19:50:55
I feel like an idiot.  I saw that it was back below 11 so I did a quick buy on Coinbase for $1000 at $10k and change.  Seconds later I saw it dip below $10k, and down below 9K minutes after that.  I guess I should've waited.  
I'm not yet a savvy investor and I definitely have no business trying to day trade.  I still think on the whole it's going to keep rising and I doubt this dip lasts more than a few hours.
@_date: 2017-11-29 15:09:21




When BTC hits 100k, the total value of the bitcoin economy will be $2T. Nobody owns half of all Bitcoins so there won’t be trillionaires until it is well beyond 100k. 
@_date: 2017-11-19 03:57:20
To revise the scenario, suppose some of my receivable accounts are paid within the next few weeks, which I reasonably expect. Would it be prudent to immediately start investing those surpluses into bitcoin while maintaining the bare minimum dollar value in FDIC accounts?
@_date: 2018-03-19 14:49:28
Honestly, I’m not sure how convenient I would feel it is to pay with bitcoin for something like a bus, but I’m gonna call that a legitimate knowledge gap on my part. I have only played with bitcoin as speculation, and abandoned it when I discovered the disproportionate transaction fees (cost me $20 to move $150 worth between two wallets). Because of that transaction fee I gathered the impression that it was only practical for large payments such as vehicle or real estate transactions. 
I understand that the Lightning network should alleviate the transaction fee issue, but I had sold my cache before it came online. 
When I did try a few transactions, they involved copying and pasting a fairly lengthy and complex code. I couldn’t imagine doing that by hand. Even if the transaction fee was trivial enough to make a $5 transaction really feasible, I wouldn’t want to deal with typing in the code. Do you use a QR code or something to simplify it?