@_author: noubernou
@_date: 2014-02-08 19:31:20
Government could be considered a monopoly but it is not even close to the same thing as one that exists outside of democratic control.
A people's government is beholden to the people, as in everyone. They are a monopoly that is supposed to serve the people and there is control from the people (yes this isn't a perfect system, yes it can be manipulated, but over all it works).
Also Lyft is a joke. There is a reason we have regulations on taxis. It is because they are transportation service, and as such there needs to be regulations on how those services are provided to people for safety. Lyft is a bunch of random people with really no qualifications skirting existing laws by lying about their purpose driving people around in potentially unsafe vehicles and potentially serious driving issues.
I am not attacking capitalism. I am attacking unfettered capitalism, because it is exploitative. If you want to look at what works, look at the countries that consistently rate the highest in indexes for happiness, productivity, and innovation. A good solid majority of them are mixed market societies.
Just admit that you don't like helping other people out through your taxes and I'll respect you a lot more than trying to pussyfoot around your selfishness with a false moral/ethical code and aura of superiority.
@_date: 2014-08-05 16:12:46
It's more like "hey Iceland, something bad is happening in your country that I'm sure you don't like either." Not everything is some conspiracy to end run the Constitution, Iceland has just as much of a vested interest in preventing Silk Road from operating as the US does. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 09:58:37
When you do not earn a wage and use anything those tax dollars pay for? If you make no money then you don't have to pay taxes. Simple as that. Go live off the land in the middle of the woods. No one will try and come tax you.
Oh you use national forest service roads to get to your cabin? Oh you rely on firefighters to fight the forest fires that rage every late summer? Oh you need a rescue helicopter when you get appendicitis 400 miles from the nearest hospital?
Well that is fine, you can do that all with out having to pay for it because you technically aren't earning a wage... You'll just be a leech like those super cool, super responsible, captains of industry libertarians always seem so up in arms about.
You are forced to pay taxes because there is basically no way to live a life where you do not benefit from their collection, and frankly I am happy we live in a country where we have things like modern roads, telecommunications, police, fire, and other essential services and infrastructure. Almost none of that would be available without the resources only public funds can bring about.
In short, you are an idiot little selfish leech who is too hypocritical to understand the very world you exist in or the fact that you couldn't even begin to spout insanely asinine ideas like the above with out someone else having paid for you to do so.
@_date: 2014-02-08 09:41:55
Except you know, natural monopolies and monopolies applied by force from market leaders... Oh and you know that little thing called collusion...
Yea... All those things.
@_date: 2014-02-08 22:34:40
Please leave the country if you feel that way.
Oh every country is like that?
LEARN TO LIVE IN THE REAL WORLD.
Fuck, you are such a fucking wasteman, it is hilarious. "Wahhhh I didn't consent to live in a modern functioning society wahhhh I don't want to pay."
Fuck off, seriously, go play in the street. No wait, that'd be using public services... 
@_date: 2014-02-08 09:51:50
Not really, he is just saying you are an idiot who doesn't understand that essentially you choosing to go some place else is the same as you saying you will buy some other phone or computer. You get sucked into someone elses ecosystem.
You as an individual have very little power on your own. Voting with your wallet is not really a feasible option when A) no one else gives a fuck and B) there is a limited number of choices all with similar systems.
If you had even an ounce of intelligence you'd realize that there are solutions to these problems. It is called government, and you have far more power, even in a system as poor as the US than you do trying to wage some sort of individual campaign against the single largest company on earth. Believe it or not, Apple is subject to the same legal system as everyone else. If you can convince others that there needs to be regulation on these markets in a way that benefits the consumer then that is a far more reasonable and practical approach than telling Apple you wont buy the next iPhone.
Also the next time someone says government has a monopoly on violence/force just remember that in a democracy/republic the citizens have a monopoly on force, which is how it should be.
@_date: 2014-03-01 05:08:10
Do all your customers live in the woods too? Because if not, how did they get there? Did they drive on a road to get to your business?
How about that forest fire last year, did the state pay to put it out and your little tree fort survived?
You get a lot back from government, the fact is you are choosing to ignore it and vastly over simplify a fairly complex subject (but not so complex that MOST people understand it).
@_date: 2014-02-08 21:00:37
Well do you use anything paid for by taxes right now?
If yes, then you need to pay for it.
I didn't care to read your ranting diatribe in the second paragraph, it looked stupid/insane.
@_date: 2014-03-01 05:09:18
But all the places with out government suck!!! They are filled with black people and don't have reddit!
@_date: 2014-03-01 05:03:17
Yes, the owner did. Twice I think. He even paid for it with bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-07-09 21:01:06
totally not a fiat currency...
@_date: 2016-07-10 05:38:18
I was joking that people try to argue that BTC isn't a fiat currency. It's value is dictated by scarcity, and that scarcity is dictated by the algorithm, therefore it is dictated by some human instituted law. That is the definition of a fiat currency.  
@_date: 2016-07-10 06:16:51
Uh you can choose to use whatever currency you want... It just happens that most businesses like to agree on you know, the common currency of the place they operate on since it means it is easier to do business.
If you were forced to use only dollars then you couldn't use bitcoin at any place in the US, which is obviously false.
@_date: 2013-03-28 07:33:52
When the point of the object is to be used as barter in trade you better hope that a lot of other people share your _personal_ decision on the value of the object. Otherwise what good is it as currency?