@_author: novas1x
@_date: 2019-07-18 00:20:57
And it was also a Soviet backed, communist, military-dictatorship until 91. And that's not even the start of Ethiopia's issues, suffering political instability beforehand as a result of incursions from foreign empires as well as missing out on the Industrial Revolution due to the isolationism of their monarchy.
Again, politics, not race.
@_date: 2019-07-18 01:43:21


It doesn't matter what I am. You're playing the identity politics game by trying to characterize me and put me into a group in which you can use to turn the conversation into a partisan one. Stay on topic, debate my arguments, not my identity. 


Yes you’re misunderstanding me. Of course biology affects society, but it also transcends race. It’s very obviously false to claim one race is biologically superior to another, and ignores centuries of scientific contributions from  all over the globe, throughout history.
Hell, I can walk out off my office right now and find people from 30 different countries who are at the top of their field. In fact, that's another point in the basket against a lot of poor countries. Brain drain is a real problem. 
It’s backed by a mountain of research. There’s no superior race, period. It’s a false dichotomy that people believe in like religion. It’s not based on fact, and there’s thousands of years of history to pull examples from.


Well of course race is used as an *excuse* to commit tragedy’s. However race is an *excuse*, not something based on fact. And were not in the 60s, and we know now that race doesn’t have an effect on intelligence or other bs measurements like “work ethic”, nor was it found by "white people", it was found by the scientific community as a whole, based on fact.
@_date: 2019-07-17 19:58:49
South America (as an example) was far and away the richer continent of the the Americas until the Spanish showed up and fucked everything up. Didn't work the same way for the Brits in North America, not without trying of course, so the governments and laws were created out of completely different situations serving completely different purposes.
Same thing can be said for the whole middle east prior to external forces and the fall of the Ottoman Empire. Just look at the differences between modern day Iran and Turkey. Geography, race, religion. None of these are the reason for the gaps of wealth in the region. Governmental stability is the key, and the Brits and US fucked it up, naturally. 
The race card is played only by people with low quality information and intellect, catalyzed by insecurities, pessimism, and propoganda.
@_date: 2019-07-17 20:50:28


Right, your ancestors came from a failed fascist country (I'm assuming they came here after WWII, correct me if I'm wrong) to a stable democratic one with established free markets and (relatively) equal rights. They were put in an environment to succeed and took advantage of that, good for them for being a shining example of American exceptionalism. 


This has no bearing to the conversation other than to provide a shield for yourself from being called racist. My wife is Japanese, that does not automatically give me a get-out-of-being-racist-free card either. 


Then he needs help, not exclusion. He also probably grew up in very different circumstances than your successful friend.
@_date: 2019-07-19 05:20:40
Actually yes. I've take a far greater interest in economics and my own financial potential directly after buying Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-07-17 20:40:59
Japan genuinely is a bad example though. Japan was a modern, industrialized country, whom after WWII had the backing of a supportive government (the US), and implemented a constitution and stable government. Japan had all the economic and governmental structures in place to succeed.
There's far more examples of how race is *not* a factor. The most obvious, and recent, example being the Koreas. Same race, culture, religion(s), and geography. South Korea is thriving, while North Korea is hellish. Race does not explain this discrepancy whatsoever, only external forces along with governmental and economic structures do.
Hell, there's good examples all along the southern US border that race simply does not come into play.
@_date: 2019-07-17 20:36:42
Unfortunately world economic and political history isn't a widely taught or understood topic. But that still doesn't get by the fact that many are simply unwilling to learn. It's simply far easier to repeat what's been told to you than to think critically. The path of lower intellectual resistance is the one most taken, and talking about things with an open mind seems to be too tall a task for many. 
The current hyper-polarization in the West is doing real damage. You can't get to people who go into defensive turtle shell mode.
@_date: 2019-07-18 00:38:43
I can't blame you really. It's a bitch dealing with them sometimes. I mean, just look at this.
It's hard breaking through when the doublethink is so strong. I'm no stronger than you, man. Just gotta keep trying.
@_date: 2019-07-17 21:31:17


Pretty natural of someone to do when you're making blatantly racist remarks claiming people are more likely to commit crimes or are less intelligent *because of their race*
(from your other post)


It's racist if you're blaming people for doing things *based on their race*, and not base on their situation, or, external forces that have put them in those situations.
Have you ever considered the fact that you may in fact be the one who's wrong here, and you need to do a little re-evaluation? Stop being so defensive and sensitive. You have a chance to learn here and think critically. Can you explain, without personal attacks, why you think he called you racist?
@_date: 2019-07-18 00:04:03
Or maybe you're done with me because you know you're in the wrong and you're too stubborn to admit it.
I'm not going to chastise you because you made a mistake. People do that from time to time. Take responsibility, and move on. Man up, snowflake ;)
@_date: 2019-07-17 23:51:58


I said it earlier: it's not racist if it's true.


@_date: 2019-07-18 00:07:30
I don't, but it's skin deep. But  political and economic incentives are, and that's what really matters, and they go beyond race.
@_date: 2019-07-17 21:58:13
Yes I replied to him a few times. Honestly, you just have to talk it out without getting defensive. It's so, so easy these days to fall into one of two camps and just hunker down. It's a regrettable, predictable, conclusion to a two-party system in the US.
I tend to sway to the ignorance end of Occam's Razor, and just try and talk it out without getting defensive or partisan, but it can be really hard some times. In rare cases people are genuinely malicious, but it's important to recognize the opportunities when people are not.
Listening to each-other is something not something easily done these days, but it's what's most sorely needed if we're going to find a way out of our polarization.
@_date: 2019-07-18 16:40:56
Yeah, you're missing my point completely. Of course there are physiological differences in race, that's why race is *not* a social construct. 
My point being, you can't label attributes at a macro level. Not every black person will win the gold in the Olympic 100m dash, not can you attribute successful economies to an innate physiological quality of race. This is why it's important to judge one of individual qualities, not on race. Claiming Ethiopia is poor because they're black is both incorrect, and ignores the forces that cause them to be this way.
Don't get me wrong, I'm really not a radical leftist (yes I am totally fine with guns!), and I'm not saying that the oppressive white man is the sole reason all of Africa's issues. Ethiopia missed out on the industrial revolution because they had a monarchy with an extractive economy. This is all internal greed based on a ruling class that owned everything. But as I'm sure you know, Western-European countries went though the same process, and workers rights and the power of the state was only curtailed by hard fought and won battles of the proletariat. It took the the fucking plague to crack the stranglehold of serfdom in Britian, and progress the country forward out of the hands of lords and the king.
Caucasians are no stranger to the same bullshit that happens in places like Ethiopia, we just managed to break free of it earlier. There's no incentive for Africans(or other) to invest in business when free market forces are not in place and the ruling class can just take what you make anyway. Poverty and prosperity is simply not a racial issue, and can be exemplified by history. There's a good reason the Middle East was the science capital of the world at one point in history, surpassing even the Greeks in math and literature, and is now extremely poor.
Facts aren't pseudoscience. Phrenology *is* pseudoscience. I'm not arguing against science, I'm arguing *for it*. You try to claim racism is based in science, which it's not. You're trying to claim I'm disputing biology, which I'm not. 
However considering your subtle attempt to insult me and also turn this into an identity politics debate, I'm ending it here. I can't have a conversation with someone who's acting in bad faith. I haven't once mentioned who you may be as I'm trying to keep this non-partisan, but since you can't give up on it, I'm not even American, you don't know anything about me other than my position on racism, yet you make assumptions about *who I am* and have already assumed what my political positions are. I thought leftists were supposed to be the ones always bringing things down into the identity politics mud-hole, but looks like you're proving me wrong. 
Have a nice day.
@_date: 2019-07-18 00:55:27


I can give plenty, real, provable examples, but you chose to ignore them. Of course race has an effect of physiology, it does not however, have an effect on political institutions.
There is no credible example that race is the answer to economic prosperity. It doesn't explain the Americas, the Koreas, much of asia, Russia and ex soviet states, Africa, sister towns on the southern US border, any many more.
Your argument is quickly going down the path of Phrenology.


Got stats to back it up? I doubt you do, and I've been around plenty other races in my years of backpacking around the globe.
Also, try to avoid ad hominems.
@_date: 2019-07-17 23:18:30
Race isn't a factor at all though, that's the point. I think you're viewing the idea of "oppression" in a pretty narrow context. You have to think more globally, not at the guy on your block, because oppression happens over decades, and over large populations. 
Largely, yes, people would be far better off if it wasn't for "oppression". A prime example of this is South America. Prior to Spanish colonization, the Incas had a thriving economy with governmental structure that supported the largest population in the Americas. They were far richer than any of the sparsely spread out tribes in North America, buy far. The entire reason South America is the poorer continent now is due to the results of the heavy hand of Spanish colonization. The governmental and economic structures setup by the Spanish were there to keep the Spanish colonists wealthy and the native South Americans poor. This is the reason South America is they was it is today. Absolutely nothing regarding race.
You can't blame a people for being unsuccessful when you restrict their access to the same freedoms and powers that others have. It's incredibly disingenuous to say oppression doesn't, well, oppress people. 
The British in North America however, even though they tried to do the same, couldn't pull of the same level of subjugation of the local people, and ended up having to do all the work in the colonies themselves, this is why governmental and economic structures that favor the people instead of exploitative aristocrats was born in NA in stark contrast to that of South America.
This is only one example of many. Race simply isn't factor in whether a country is prosperous or not. Neither is geography or culture. The greatness of America was never born out of people being white, it was born out of the freedom and accessibility of capital, markets, political power, and land.