@_author: novaedearx
@_date: 2017-12-08 17:24:44
That’s really who this bill is targeting, y’all realize, right?
It actually does a lot to legitimize BTC as a viable financial tool. You see, any banks that touch international money transfers of any kind have to do a ton of AML footwork. 
They mostly don’t want to touch BTC because how AML laws operate with respect to BTC was not defined, and therefore they couldn’t safely do anything with it.
This signals that major institutions said “Hey Diane, write up some basic, bare-bones AML rules for cryptocurrency so we can freaking accept it, trade it, and offer exchanges for it, ok?”. 
That’s actually a *really good thing*, because having these rules in place allows for a much wider acceptance of BTC.
@_date: 2016-12-22 16:53:20
The counter argument is, of course, why would anyone *spend* money that tends toward deflation?
It's a good investment, but not a good (primary) currency because of that. Earn inflationary currency, use that to buy and hold deflationary currency. Only convert deflationary to inflationary when you have to.
That's all the hallmarks of an investment vehicle. Nothing wrong with that, but it does sort of undermine the "BTC is best currency" argument.
@_date: 2015-07-02 02:49:10
Nah. With a hooker you pay for sex. With an escort you're paying for the experience (which also includes sex).
A slight difference, but an important one.
@_date: 2015-07-02 12:30:41
Paying someone to be a fleshlight vs. a pleasant human experience?
@_date: 2015-07-02 02:52:45
Clever idea, but I can see how the legal issues there would have torpedoed it.
Whoever figures out a way to make Bitcoin that easy/tangible for the average person is gonna be filthy rich. Sorry it wasn't you :-/
@_date: 2015-07-02 02:59:30
It could get pretty dystopian.
Imagine having a sexbot, but it's made by EA. As you near orgasm, it whispers in your ear "Out of Energy: Would You Like to Buy More for Only 50 BTC?"
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:24:53
The first rule of joining tautology club is, you must first join the tautology club.
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:43:08
Look at it this way:
If you give any fucks at all about social welfare, you have to pay with either your time or your money (really both) to promote it.
Libertarians, IMO, tend to (in a very general sense) forget the inefficiencies created by their ideal of "each person has to reinvent the wheel when deciding what to donate their money to", and it also creates even greater inefficiencies in that charity money tends to go to "sexy" or popular charities, overfunding a few golden children at a time and badly neglecting most others in need.
Even if you had "perfect knowledge" of each charity/need, taking the time to individually disburse money in an ideal fashion (assuming that you were taking all the money you were paying in taxes and instead disbursed it yourself as you saw fit) would involve you writing many many smallish checks to many organizations, greatly decreasing the impact of your donations due to overhead such as processing fees and postage (where applicable) and the time cost of disbursing funds to thousands of needy organizations.
You cold set up a sort of charitable co-op where many people donate cash which then disburses it with somewhat lower overhead, but then you're on your way to creating the same problems you have with the government "stealing" (oh how I hate that term for paying your share of the rent) your money to maintain basic state infrastructure - you have less and less control in exchange for efficiency (making your dollar go much further), and a degree of corruption becomes more and more attractive as the dollar amounts go up.
So either you keep 100% control but waste a huge portion of your donations in overhead (and almost nobody will actually do this anyway because it's an insane amount of work to do the homework on all possible needs and how efficient the available organizations are at meeting these needs) as well as your time, or you give up some control in exchange for a system that may not 100% represent your ideals, but will actually function on some basic level.