@_author: novemberhigh
@_date: 2016-08-26 00:19:57
This sites really a bunch of bullshit on that supposed "lending" thing. It's a facade. In other words it serves as a sell your bitcoins and get the money instantly deposited into your paypal (and as I had planned) get the business debit card and buy BTC as soon as you receive payment and sell it again. $50 gets your $63 (if those are your loan mins and expected recurring "loans"). The chargeback thing was sort of Paypal initiating it; I read on the xCoins forum certain cust kept initiating chargeback with other buyers, lo and behold it was the exact name of the buyer who Paypals investigating sending me funds. He must have some shit going on with the account which triggered that. For me personally, to combat fraud and make a bit more of a come-up, when I capture funds, I capture an additional 15% of the whole original authorized purchase amount. In my paypal settings for auto email to customers who initiate dispute, I wrote that the 15% surcharge is non-refundable and used to combat fraud and I'll only refund if I receieve BTC back from buyer and they have "satisfied virtual service agreement" and only if they specifically request it the surcharge refund. (which, as I told you, never been paid back BTC it functions more as a paypal&gt;bit exchange so you bet your top dollar I'm keeping an addtl. 15%. I include it in final capture invoice for them to see as well just incase. No where on the PDF agreement (which is valid) does it say I can do this but I'm tryna maximize on this shit and so far none of my other buyers have complained. Its fair game. Just incase you know, if I loose out on that btc value. I still havent summed up if its all really worth it and if I really break even but its pretty fucking cool. And as well they have a system in place that automatically puts their xcoins wallet in the negative and if they (surprisingly) had any money in the wallet then it is placed on hold and the BTC amt is authorized to you only in the event they have btc in the xcoins wallet. Other wise any other loan requests will not process until you receieve your payment again or the buyer closes the dispute.
On the note of the chargeback thing. At the end of every agreement, YOU (lucky lucky us) are provided with a photo of their ID and a pic with them holding it and saying xcoins on a sticky note to ENSURE AND VERIFY THAT THEY ARE THE FUCKING ONE WHO BOUGHT IT. So I don't know what the future holds for me and Paypal Resolution Center, but I know that's pretty much irrefutable proof they made the purchase. As well funds are placed on hold as a security measure for the seller that makes it so they can't get btc until (even after they've submitted a payment authorization to you) YOU CAPTURE the funds on paypal. If you decide to void it via PP, you get your BTC back in your wallet from hold and they get zilch. With every agreement (PDF) they INCLUDE all copies of payments sent and receieved from buyer and sellers wallet proof via blockchain.info. And we all know, blockchain evidence is irrefutable. Follow the money.
So at end of the day, I'd say you decide if its worth it to you. It sorta is to me.
@_date: 2016-08-26 15:39:20
If I where you I'd get the PP Debit card and use Circle to purchase immediately after you receieve any funds from Buyers. If your tryna do it timely and quick, best advice is order the PP Buisness Debit and as you wait go to a convenience store (The Sev or Walgreens or CVS) and purchase the Paypal Prepaid Card. Once you activate that you can immediately transfer funds from PP act to the prepaid card and purchase more units via Circle (this is just a theory, on the pp prepaid; I have not tried it but will be within the next couple days as I wait for my Business Debit to arrive).
@_date: 2016-08-26 01:01:06
Their team is so dope, this is what I got back in an email response on handling that chargeback;
Hi ----,
Please download the Delivery Confirmation document from the Transaction Details page. Respond to PayPal dispute with this text below and attach the delivery confirmation.
Dear Case Manager:
The buyer is attempting to commit FRIENDLY FRAUD by filing a fraudulent chargeback. I have conclusive evidence that the buyer has authorized the payment and received the product on time and as described.
The payment was authorized. The buyer submitted his photo ID to verify his identity. Additionally, he confirmed his account at the site by email. His IP address was analyzed and determined to match his billing address.
The product was delivered to the buyer, as indicated by DELIVERY CONFIRMATION (attached).
The buyer did not make an attempt to contact me, did not ask for a refund, and did not try to resolve this dispute with me directly.
&lt;Your Name&gt;""
On 2016/08/24 2:21 pm, xCoins.io Investors wrote:
Name: ---
Email: ----
Transaction  
Message: Payment reversal submitted via Patpal. The
user has already collected the BTC. Please advise user that no refunds
are available whatsoever.
-- 
Sergey (omg a real person?)
@_date: 2016-08-25 23:26:02
I've used it various times to sell BTC and purchase (once). Is 100% real, but as I just recently found out theres a lot of fraud and as an investor you face the possibility of chargebacks. I will say, BTC exch val is usually lower than that of Circle or Coinbase. If you need bitcoins in a rush and can't use Circle or Coinbase, this place is the way to go but be advised first time buyers are subject to ID verification. If you initiate a purchase, your funds may be placed on hold for a couple hours till someone verifies everything. Haven't been able to try LocalBitcions, but all sets sail I'd rather do business w/ xCoins. On the investor side with low capital like me you could just keep flippin $50's into $63 almost instantaniously through out the day. 
@_date: 2016-08-26 15:03:01
No it's not pre-approved by the buyer. Once you capture thats it, funds are available immediately in your balance. When I complete a capture I always include the surcharge notice in the customers invoice. 15% is the limit PayPal has in place, but (gonna find out how) you can request the addtl. capture amnt to be raised by request.
@_date: 2016-08-26 13:09:27
When you submit a capture via Paypal, it asks you if you would like to submit in additional capture to the order. Add on the 15% to your total capture amount.