@_author: nowhitewash
@_date: 2015-04-14 17:46:02
Thanks.  I'll try harder next time. 
@_date: 2015-04-14 17:31:06
It's funny you mention that.  Because there are people around here who have no problem believing the federal agent who stole the bitcoins is corrupt and that all of the federal agents involved in the case across multiple departments(DEA, SS, FBI) are also corrupt and that they framed Ross.  There is a lot of selective bias when it comes to what Ross did.
  
We've seen the evidence presented for 6 hits now.  That's enough for me to decide whether he hired a hitman or not.
  
@_date: 2015-04-14 16:29:56
It looks like the fake person being punished was real and the hit was real.  A corrupt federal agent acting on his own had access to an Silk Road admin account because they had pinched the Silk Road admin and he turned over the credentials.  The federal agent used those credentials to steal bitcoin from the Silk Road.  Ross Ulbricht, thinking that the Silk Road admin had stolen the coins hired a hitman to kill the Silk Road admin.  Accept that he hired the corrupt federal agent to kill the Silk Road admin they picked up and he faked the hit and got even more money out of Ulbricht.  The Silk Road admin was innocent of stealing the money and he is a real person.  The fact that Ross Ulbricht hired someone to kill him is also real.
@_date: 2015-04-14 22:14:31
These agents didn't even know who he was.  If you want to go the conspiracy route, that's fine, it just really doesn't have any place here.  Lets try and stick to the facts that we know.  The evidence from Ulbricht's trial and the new evidence from the agents indictment.
  
Even if we go the conspiracy route: Which is it?  Did Force and Bridges plant incriminating evidence that led to their own arrest or did the agents who arrested Ulbricht plant incriminating evidence that led to the arrest of Force and Bridges? 
@_date: 2015-04-14 19:11:23


  
The corrupt agents could not have planted the evidence nor would they have planted it.  There are two reasons for this.  First, the evidence comes from evidence found on Ulbricht's laptop and the corrupt agents did not have access to the laptop.  It comes from his diary, his bitcoin wallet and the chat conversations he saved.  He kept very good records of his activity.  The second reason is, why on earth would they plant evidence that implicates themselves and leads to their arrest?  They wouldn't, that makes no sense.
  


  
No, and here's why.  The corrupt agents were working a parallel investigation that did not lead to the apprehension of Ulbricht.  They were in completely different departments and field offices.  The evidence from the case the corrupt agents were building was omitted from Ulbricht's trial, which is why they only outlined 5 hits instead of 6.  They left out the hit Ulbricht paid the corrupt agent to perform.
