@_author: noxfag
@_date: 2018-04-07 14:06:02


Well, no. It clearly isn't. Electricity was discovered long before flight, and as were automobiles and telephones.
@_date: 2018-04-07 14:38:25
Turing's work _On Computable Numbers_ was instrumental to the invention of the first modern computer, or "Universal Computing Machine", but he wasn't the one that developed it. The first such computer was ENIAC, invented by J. Presper Eckert and John Mauchly at the University of Pennsylvania, 1946. It was programmable and turing complete, which means that it could solve hypothetically any problem.
But it depends on what you call a computer- if you stretch the definition a little, you can go further. Turing _did_ contribute to the design of Bletchley's Colossus Computers. They were programmable, but only within a strict set of parameters that related to cryptoanalysis- they weren't turing complete, hence they were not "Universal Computing Machines" and did not fulfil Turing's vision.
Also worth mentioning is the Bombe, which which was an electro-mechanical computational device but not a computer and which _was_ inveted by Turing. It could solve specific mathematical problems in order to help crack the daily changes in the German Enigma codes, but it was not programmable and so not a computer as we know it today. Again, it depends on your definition but most today wouldn't tend to call anything that is not turing complete a computer, in modern parlance.
There's also the Z3, the secret German computing device from 1941 destroyed in the bombing of Berlin. It beat the ENIAC to the punchline and was alledgedly turing complete, but only in theory and not so much in practice (for somewhta complicated reasons). A good summary is this quote by  Raúl Rojas, who studied the Z3 closely: "We can therefore say that, from an abstract theoretical perspective, the computing model of the Z3 is equivalent to the computing model of today's computers. From a practical perspective, and in the way the Z3 was really programmed, it was not equivalent to modern computers."
Lastly, if you stretch the definition beyond just being turing complete, then the Bombe etc still aren't the first computers. If you did that, you'd have to include analogue computers in which case the winner would be Henry Babbage, who built a simplified version of (his father's) Charles Babbage's theoretical analytical engine's computing unit in 1888.
^(N.B. This is the result of a wicked Wikipedia rabbit hole, feel free to correct me if I missed anything.)