@_author: noxlund
@_date: 2018-01-22 17:12:13
Rather useless article tbqh... He could have started with the gbm model at least, which is technically a random walk under the EMH assumption but it does take heteroskedastic shock as well as price drift into account. Which his model doesn't account for at all (well at least thats what it looks like, haven't looked at the linked github). And those are kind of the base assumptions you would usually start with when modelling prices.
@_date: 2018-01-16 15:03:34
Implying risk averse institutions would ever naked short BTC...
@_date: 2018-01-16 18:02:38
No I don't. And thats cool and all, but again, you'd need to be quite mentally slow to make such a play. Put options, maybe, but then you'd end up paying massive premiums. Properly priced, there are better ways to make money. Talk about big finance shorting btc is mostly memes coming from people who don't really know how finance works sorry. Ultimately, there's very little interest in btc or crypto beyond maybe simply holding it as a hedge asset in a diversified portfolio. There's a much easier explanation for this "crash" and that is reversion to fundamentals after a ridiculous year of hype.
@_date: 2018-01-16 18:31:38
Oooh that london whale, I thought you were talking about some big btc whale lol.  Anyways, you are making several logical leaps here. Above certainly happened and I don't deny that, it doesn't mean this wasn't an outlier though.
Note that I was originally replying to a comment proposing coordinated naked shorting of extremely volatile forward derivatives with an underlying that goes through extreme swings and is majority held by about 2%-5% of holders as a viable strategy. Also comparing XTB (or whatever the ticker is right now) liquidity and CDS liquidity is just incomparable. All of that would make this kind of play orders of magnitudes more retarded than what you've linked above and I don't see any evidence of this happening whatsoever. Of course if you can argue otherwise I'm all ears.
@_date: 2017-12-11 01:08:07
You got some of it right, some of it completely wrong I'm afraid. I come from a quant background, and to me trading has always been about exploiting temporary market inefficiencies (usually referred to as 'anomalies' in literature), be it crypto or whatever other market. These usually stem, but are not limited to, irrational market participants as documented by behavioral finance and related fields.
Modern trading is rarely limited to forecasting alone and is much more about building robust portfolio strategies, which  involves managing risk, diversification (meaning diversification of models/algorithms not assets), re-balancing, hedging, etc. Fundamentally all of it can be boiled down to decision making under regimes of uncertainty. 
A big part of it is information and every additional bit, once proper denoising procedures have been accounted for, can give you an edge. This is why it is rather naive to dismiss bull vs. bear markets. For example, volumes have been dedicated to modelling hidden states with various Bayesian methods (hidden markov models, mixture models, etc) to either filter or forecast regimes. Being aware of current regime conditions can be crucial to certain strategies, for example momentum or mean reversion ones.
On the topic of TA, its not that it doesn't work (although nobody appears to be able to prove or disprove that), its rather about how it is applied. Again, if you take a known market anomaly like momentum, there are certainly over a 100 TA indicators that can probably either forecast or filter momentum. However, TA - or rather TA practitioners - suffers from reliance on subjective interpretation, 100s of ad-hoc implementations, overall specificity when it comes to parameter selection and is overall rather remote from what you would call "math inspired trading". 
To illustrate this, and sticking to the momentum example, a quantitative strategy (algorithmically or manually traded) would first start out with various assumptions. Momentum certainly exists, but do we target cross-sectional or time series momentum. If its the latter, what is the best lookback period for smoothing our price series? We could compute the hurst exponent on historic data to get a good estimate. Maybe we want a dynamically adjustable window/algorithm,  then an 'on-the-fly' approximator like the Kalman filter will do quite well. When do we trade? How do we manage risk? Do we want to forecast volatility with a GARCH or similar models or do we just want to look at historic volatility to estimate current levels. Which coins are more prone to momentum? Can we estimate this dynamically by computing serial correlation of the top 100 coins and then choosing the ones with the smallest p value? How do we backtest this strategy? Can we compare it to a benchmark? Are our backtest results statistically significant? And so on.
With TA I feel like its always just an ad-hoc, rule of thumb, kind of approach... Admittedly I'm not TA guy but thats just  what I've encountered so far, no disrespect intended of course, if it makes you money its all good. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 13:11:19
Quant/algo trader here, if you know what you are doing there's a lot of money to be made trading crypto, especially because the competition is still very weak. But generally yes, you are probably just better off holding.
@_date: 2017-12-11 01:21:52
You are confusing quant trading with TA. While quants might use some TA indicators (although from my experience rarely if ever) in their models, quantitative trading goes miles and miles beyond what your regular TA shop would do. You mention Renaissance and Jane Street, one known for James Simons of Chern–Simons form fame the other for producing absolutely outstanding oCaml fintech tool respectively. Very, very far removed from choosing a few oscillators and relying on MA crossover techniques. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 23:53:21
I'd recommend "Trading &amp; Exchanges" by Harris for a well rounded introduction  to market micro-structure, market participants, instruments, markets as an information pricing vehicle and in general to the topic at large