@_author: noxxeh
@_date: 2014-05-27 02:05:42
I don't hate Bitcoin. I hate how vapid and useless this post is. It does nothing for the subreddit, but is propelled to the top. It's the exact same thing as condemning Newegg for not accepting Bitcoin despite being one of the largest computer parts services on the internet. Although they have hinted that they are contemplating accepting it, they still haven't. Jynx also does not accept Bitcoin and is another rather large supplier of "geek" merchandise. 
The product of Thinkgeek may not be the greatest, but this post does nothing for Bitcoin. I understand that it's a selfpost and that he gets no karma, but he still gets exposure. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 23:01:24
In that statement, I was trying to think as if I were a big wig in a successful merchandise company.
A major point I was trying to make with my post is that this post serves little purpose in the subreddit and is nothing more than personal opinion based on some obscure preconceived notion. Has no educational benefit and is literally a sentence long. Why is it near the top of the subreddit?
Also, I'm a fat fuck failure who has trouble walking. I wish I could bang hot chicks and lift metal twice my weight.
@_date: 2014-05-26 21:35:40
Because a website doesn't offer a form of payment that you are adamant about doesn't mean they are of the devil. They may still view Bitcoin as a volatile currency that has too little of a following to take advantage of. Assuming you think that Bitcoin is a geek-centric form of payment, condemning a geek related company for not accepting Bitcoin is a bit pretentious of you. This post offers no substance, no reasoning, no firsthand legitimate accounts of said company denying Bitcoin, or information of a proactive movement that has failed because said company refuses to cooperate. Even then, companies have free will to conduct their form of business as best they see fit within the law.
@_date: 2013-06-04 18:52:27
There is a -huge- difference of quality between free porn and paid porn.
@_date: 2013-06-03 20:15:12
Make it a meaningful and non intrusive type discussion. Please do not make it an "Excuse me, do you have a minute to discuss our lord and savior bitcoin gods?" type discussion.
The last thing we want to be compared to is some hyper expressive fandom of some digital currency.