@_author: npayton
@_date: 2013-10-11 17:45:32
There is a terrible escalation of commitment that comes with processing a lot of volume, and *then* asking the primary regulator. I'm just saying, now's a good time to ask them. The remainder of my message is to say "sock puppet has an inkling as to how they might respond", that's all. 
Take a peek at some of the licensed money transmitter list in CA, you might recognize some famous 'payment processors'.
@_date: 2013-10-11 18:01:29
I'd say it's probably that it's too much effort because of the regulatory reasons. They're probably getting a disproportionate amount of scrutiny from the states / their bank, that's really common right now.
@_date: 2013-10-11 17:03:12
Yes, I would say Bitpay is an exchanger too. I think the cited "matter of facts and circumstances" is exactly why I would say this -- the feds and states have broad administrative discretion. When you send the bitcoin, you cannot verify that the holder of the account is a merchant unless you or another third party financial institution holds the wallet. I could sign up as a merchant, give you my personal bitcoin wallet address, document the transaction as coming to my personally held wallet... send the documented lot to a DOJ Special Agent, and you have a great example of how to repeat the MtGox-Dwolla account seizure. 
There are lots of legal opinions out there that are extremely well-written relating to bitcoin and payment processor exemptions. I'm not a lawyer, and not arguing that the opinion isn't good -- I'm saying practically, the regulatory authorities have the statutory discretion and ability to preclude that from mattering. 
I created the account to respond to you. I like bitcoin, that's why I'm here. Do not rely on the Bitpay opinion to protect you, send the letters, the state opinions have real weight.
@_date: 2013-10-11 14:12:50






Might want to get a second opinion. Definitions at the state and federal level are more than broad enough to cover this, whether or not the top layer is a reverse-factoring service. Just shoot a letter or email to the California DBO or New York DFS with your website, and ask them if this is money transmission, you'll get an unequivocal answer. Unlicensed money transmission is serious business.