@_author: npepin
@_date: 2015-05-12 02:24:14
You might want to look into Hyper Ledger. I can't quite make the case as to why it can be better than a centralized system, but I've heard the developers on a number of podcasts and they have pretty decent arguments. Though, it honestly seems like something you'd have to be in the industry to really understand the use for.
@_date: 2015-01-28 02:35:29
Looks good.
@_date: 2015-01-20 10:14:52
BTC is getting very interesting. Donating to Khan Academy.
@_date: 2015-01-25 09:03:14
You can submit a transaction with no fee, but it will take much longer to confirm, with some low possibility of never confirming. Transactions with higher fees will confirm faster.
The standard fee will be related to the price of mining and the value of bitcoin. If mining is very expensive, then miners in general will require a higher fee to support their endeavors. If the value of bitcoin is very high, then the fee required to make mining profitable decreases.
Economically, the optimal fee would be one that encourages a sufficient level of mining. Without miners, transactions wouldn't get confirmed at all. If there aren't enough miners, then that provides other issues.
You also have to factor that reward from solving a new block also encourages mining, which is likely the main incentive for mining at the current moment. But at some point, the primary incentive for mining will shift to the fee reward. I believe the theory is that when all bitcoins have been released, that the fee reward will create enough of an incentive for people to continue mining.
@_date: 2019-11-08 20:32:12
It's a zero effort meme reply. It has no substance or value.
Investment advice should never be as simple as "do this", people should be provided with actual information on.
You aren't an expert, you're some random person on the internet.
@_date: 2019-11-09 01:05:57
And that person is asking on the basis that they would be be provided at least a tiny bit of rational. There is a bit of subtext there, it's kind of weird to pretend like the question was to be taken 100% on face value, as if they just wanted a name of something and that only.
To put it this way, if Bitcoin is the best answer, you gave them no reason to believe in it. Making a well reasoned argument for your position can make you credible.
For someone who doesn't any investing knowledge, you saying "buy bitcoin" has equal weight as someone saying "buy weed stocks" or "invest in SPY". Without some sort of assistance from an argument, all you are saying is "buy  [noun]" which is devoid of any substance orb convincing power.
To be clear, this post is just restating my argument, albeit more bluntly.
@_date: 2015-08-05 09:33:16
Would you leave $1.65 on your car dashboard in a public parking lot with your car key placed on the hood of the car? No, because when you don't have your private key, your toll money gets robbed.
On a more serious technical note, I don't believe they store private keys.
@_date: 2018-07-29 22:37:01
@_date: 2015-03-07 08:40:54
Are you talking about Epic Scale or something else? As far as I am aware, it is a separate third party application that has nothing to do with the uTorrent application, besides the fact that they ask you if you want to install it during the install. It is like how half of all installers ask you if you want to install some anti-virus program, the anti-virus program isn't an extension of the program, rather it is just a separate program. 
There might be a broader conversation to be had about promoting other products during an install and doing so in a way that requires a modest amount of attention. This kind of stuff has been going on for a while now. The article below covers that discussion pretty well.
@_date: 2015-03-07 06:00:22
I suspected this to be the case. People can't accept that they are at fault for clicking through the installer without reading.
It is unfortunate that most everyone is hopping on the bandwagon, because as far as can be told, the accusations are unfounded. With so many alternatives, there is no real incentive for most people to look into the matter anymore.
Personally, I get a little annoyed with these installers, but it beats paying for the software directly.
@_date: 2015-02-01 08:30:51
If there was a non-bitcoin application which would message the receiver with the send address and send back a confirmation message, this could help in establishing a valid connection. 
For instance, if I had wallet A and wallet B and I wanted to verify the address wallet B before sending 100 btc, I would send a message to wallet B asking for some sort of unique identification, such as the message "yes, this is my wallet" or more likely its hash. I would log into wallet B, see a notification about a pending transaction that requires a message to confirm, and upon successfully typing it in and sending it back to wallet A, wallet A would check the message and send the money if it was correct.
This would be quite helpful for sending money to friends, as you could just tell them the confirmation message. I think it would also make friends you show it to a lot less scared about sending money.
Another use could be with online shopping, where when you go to checkout it gives you the order number. To pay them, you'd send them a request message asking for the order number back, and upon receiving a response with the requested message, it will automatically send funds to the address attached.
To go a little bit further, it could be possible for a verification service to serve as a measure to avoid scams. The service could interface with legitimate businesses by verifying that they are actual businesses and confirming the transaction.
It might work like this: I send a message to business A about a transaction and that I require a particular message such as the order number back from a Verifier I trust. Business A forwards the message to the Verifier and also some other data for the Verifier  to confirm it is actually Business A. The Verifier then sends me a confirmation message. The message from the verifier would include some information verifier the verifier.
There could be other good measures for this because an initiated transaction could be stopped, could expire, and could be invalidated if someone guesses the message incorrectly. You might give your friends about 10 tries, while a business one try.
I hope that wasn't too garbled, but basically the idea is to request a message that only the receiver and sender would know, and upon receiving the correct message back the funds would be automatically transferred. If this is a decent idea, it's probably been done.
@_date: 2015-02-04 02:43:43
He might have stolen someone's bitcoins and is trying to find a way to get them out without providing identification. He may just be dumb, but there seemed to be something off when I read the thread.
@_date: 2015-02-06 10:43:50
First, I'd check the transaction either in your wallet, or at Blockchain.info to see if it has confirmed and was valid.
Second, I'd check to see if you paid a smaller fee, or if you tried sending it for free. You can do free or cheaper transactions, but they may take a lot longer to confirm. Theoretically, a free transaction may never get confirmed, but that isn't likely to happen at the moment.
I ran into this issue when I send some funds to a coworker, forgetting that I had my settings set to no fee as I was testing confirmation time, and it took about four hours for it to confirm. This was an issue because I was trying to show him how Bitcoin worked, and I sent him like $20 worth. I was going to have him send it back before work ended, but that almost didn't happen because it took so long to confirm.
@_date: 2015-02-07 04:55:31
I don't think I disagree. At least within the next five years, it is going to be difficult for anything else to take over the market. I do think there will be a lot of growth in most altcoins, but that it will not keep up with bitcoin growth.
Eventually though, I think bitcoin isn't going to be as important. It isn't that it will lose its value, but rather that other coins and platforms will be much better at doing other things. There might be a coin for contracts, a coin for mortgages, a coin for tipping, a coin for long term investing, and so on and so forth. I think bitcoin can do a lot, but that market specialization is going to happen.
@_date: 2015-02-02 15:41:44
Yeah the general consensus in modern physics is that the resulting measurement in particular experiments cannot be predicted, but the probability of receiving a particular result is predictable. 
I believe there is a pretty well verified theory, Bells Inequality, which shows that there are no hidden variables. This means that if you are to say, measure the spin of an electron in a particular configuration, though the probability of the spin being up or down may be 50/50, whether the spin is up or down is truly random.
I am surprised I haven't seen many address generators which use QM, though I suppose that might be pricey, and using the output from some website using one may not be as secure.
@_date: 2015-02-07 04:47:56
The full quote.
"At the same time I don’t believe that altcoins will gain much popularity beyond very specific use cases for which they might be tailored. Even if some altcoins provide improvements over bitcoin, I don’t expect these improvements to be significant enough so that many people will be willing to incur the switching costs from bitcoin based services to an upcoming altcoin. At least I don’t expect this for the next 5 years or so.".
@_date: 2015-03-07 08:26:48
Because the meme that "it was installed without consent" and that it is aimed at "making money" replicates very easily. There isn't much incentive for people to investigate the claims when there are so many alternatives available. Also, it gives people a platform to express their opinion on these sorts of issues and that they are against it.
Really there isn't much to freak out about because you have to agree to install Epic Scale. The problem is that people don't pay attention during the installer and deny responsibility.
@_date: 2015-02-01 17:36:43
@_date: 2015-02-10 23:56:55
Sent her a $2 tip on youtube. Sounds like a sucky situation.