@_author: nraboy
@_date: 2018-03-26 15:39:01
The Raspberry Pi Zero (non wireless edition) can only be communicated with via USB, aka the host machine. In my design, the private keys do not leave the device, only signed transactions. The wallet is encrypted on the Raspberry Pi and the Raspberry Pi is locked down.
That said, can you explain how this is "susceptible to all network attacks"?
@_date: 2018-03-26 22:03:51
True, but it would be more beneficial and secure than the following:
1. Storing a probably unencrypted paper wallet in your safe
2. Using a software wallet such as Exodus or similar on your internet enabled computer
3. Storing an encrypted wallet on your portable USB drive or hard disk
It isn't a foolproof solution, but it is a stronger solution than many are currently using.
@_date: 2018-03-27 01:19:11
Just but that is an attachment. If I wanted to I could get WiFi and Bluetooth dongles for it as well.
I'm talking about just the Pi itself. It only works with USB.
@_date: 2018-03-26 21:59:21
I like this discussion, so please don't feel that I'm coming off rude. I'm trying to pick your brain to get other angles of thought.
Let's assume my machine isn't safe and because of this, my Raspberry Pi implementation isn't safe. Wouldn't this statement also validate that the Ledger Nano S and similar is not safe. I mean they are being plugged into the same host machine that isn't safe.
Now let's assume that I have malware on my host machine. How would it be able to request a signed transaction without first decrypting the wallet? The host machine has no knowledge of the keys so without the Raspberry Pi decrypting the wallet and creating a signed transaction, I don't see how the malware could be problematic.
The way I've implemented it is that the Raspberry Pi never exposes the encrypted private keys. The Raspberry Pi always creates and signs the transactions. Nothing can be done without first decrypting the wallet which requires the same passphrase that was used when creating the wallet.
Now there are things that I could do better:
1. I could limit the number of failed unlock attempts on a timer so that way a brute force attack can't be done. This was not implemented.
2. I could add some sort of double encryption feature where maybe the signed transactions are encrypted with a GPG key before being sent back. Then the host would have to decrypt the transaction before sending it.
3. I could solder some buttons to the GPIO of the Raspberry Pi and collect a hardware password rather than just a software password
4. ...
Just trying to get the facts on why some are considering it open to network attacks, etc, when I don't think those kind of attacks would work.
@_date: 2018-03-27 04:01:16
Great, maybe in your future adventures you’ll learn what constructive feedback is. :-)
@_date: 2018-03-27 03:50:22
I’ve been looking for a reason to pick up an e-paper display for my Raspberry Pi. That bundled with the hardware buttons that you can buy for the Pi would be a pretty awesome extension.
The project is on GitHub if you want to help contribute to make it better. I’ve put down the foundation, but it is nowhere as great as it could be with the community :-).
@_date: 2018-03-27 00:40:03
You're destroying my hopes and dreams. Just kidding :-).
I think we can both agree, while this is not the strongest solution ever, it beats an unencrypted paper wallet, a USB stick with key data, and many software based wallets for personal computers connected to the internet.
I appreciate your take on all this. It gives me some things to think about for improving the design. If you've got some development chops, I encourage you to contribute as well at: 
@_date: 2018-03-26 19:55:03
Fair question.
I believe my current implementation would not be safe to the attack mentioned in that article.
The code is on GitHub, as mentioned at the bottom of my blog tutorial. I placed it there with hopes that the community, who I know is much smarter than me, would help contribute to make it better.
@_date: 2018-03-26 15:29:06
@_date: 2018-03-27 04:11:49
Thanks! If you have any feedback to make it better, please share. If you know Go or Angular, consider contributing on GitHub.
@_date: 2018-03-27 01:57:25
I guess that would work, but it is not an ideal way to do things. You'd need a camera module and you'd need a monitor, whether that be an HDMI screen or an attachment monitor.
A WiFi connection is not safe. It exposes you to being attacked remotely by machines beyond the host that you're plugging into. So yes, communication via USB would be more safe than WiFI.
@_date: 2018-03-26 21:22:04
The web server running on the Raspberry Pi Zero is only exposed to the host machine that the Raspberry Pi Zero is plugged into. Other computers on the network or the internet will not be able to access the Raspberry Pi web server since it is not technically on the network. Ethernet is being emulated.
Yes, it is a full version of Linux, but it is locked down with an SSH key and there are no external dependencies because Go applications are compiled to machine code. Had this been Node.js or Java there would have been an extra dependency of the JVM or Node.js. With Go, this is not the case.
With the other popular wallets, take Ledger Nano S for example, you're using a Chrome Extension to interact with it. Are you certain that the Ledger Nano S isn't exposing an API for the Chrome Extension to use?
@_date: 2018-03-27 03:41:17
I’m looking for constructive feedback. Stating that USB is insecure is not constructive feedback. Prove to me why it is without shallow statements and I won’t have to ignore you.
I’m stating that it is more secure than WiFi because you’re exposing yourself to a single machine, not a network. When I say exposing, I don’t mean your keys.
Best,