@_author: ns4wiki
@_date: 2018-07-11 10:50:33
Not sure about IRS but in Canada with CRA they are not as concerned about who gives us the money. They are concerned about making sure it is all reported. We'd show it in the account of the patient in our patient/practice management software , because it would be reported as income  (which is only consulted to make sure that patient's treatment is paid for and their account balance is cleared)... but final reports at tax time are based on production (the cost of dental treatment performed by the dentist, not the money paid to the dentist--  sometimes people  are unable to pay right away and pay later in time). Either way all info is bound by patient-practitioner confidentiality. EX: Requests for information from insurance companies do happen (sometimes insurance companies do not send payment to the patient or dentist unless we answer questions regarding a claim first), and we never release info to them unless we receive authorization from the patient first (otherwise it is possible for a patient to sue the dentist. The patient would win because the dentist did not technically receive consent from patient to release this information to the insurance company-a form of professional misconduct-and lots of times patients have no idea the insurance company is asking questions and are surprised when we notify them)... unless there is a law that I don't know about that proves me wrong, the CRA is not allowed to see patient records, names, treatment info, without their consent. They are able to see their account balance, but not what it is related to in terms of their name, information, or treatment...but medical and dental expenses are considered tax deductible expenses in Canada so personally do not see a reason to worry about it.... it should be claimed against taxes at tax time to lower tax burden, a receipt can be issued for the amount for dental treatment, unless one is making enough money for it not to be considered as a deductible expense or if bitcoin is their only source of income and the person is not reporting their bitcoin as income... long story short, don't worry about it but I'd still claim it on my tax return if I were you
I think a dentist would most likely convert the crypto to another currency due to the volatility depending on the amount and how far their balls have dropped... my accountant would prob shit his pants if I didn't