@_author: nsasch
@_date: 2013-05-17 18:28:43
I'm Nick from Gliph. It was great to see this post on this morning!
I can answer any questions you have, or you can always message the support Gliph (
@_date: 2013-10-16 19:49:36
I'm Nick, CTO and co-founder of Gliph. Thank you for posting this and for questioning our security practices and how it affects you.
By attaching your Bitcoin wallet (Coinbase, BIPS, or Blockchain) to your Gliph account, you are granting access to us to send Bitcoin on your behalf (only when you request it) and generate new addresses to receive money for you.
Personally, I do not keep all of my Bitcoin in the wallet attached to my Gliph account. I think of it the same way as my fiat wallet in my pocket. I keep enough money for day-to-day purchases and "withdraw" money from my higher security wallets when I run low.
Yes, we are closed-source. We love open source software and plan to release at least some components of our work as open source, but doing so takes time. Once open source, there is a commitment to the community to maintain the software which takes more time than closed source. There are also benefits to closed source projects and we know that it is not for everyone.
Also, we are US-based. That also has pros (we are subject to US laws) and cons (we are subject to US laws).
A closed source, centralized system allows us to provide a far better user experience and work faster. However, we will _never_ stop you from leaving our system completely and using your Bitcoin in a completely decentralized fashion.
If you delete your account with Gliph, we literally delete all references to your account immediately. It makes traditional database backups impossible, but we feel it's necessary.
If you want some of the most secure systems out there, we recommend solutions like PGP for messaging and running your own bitcoind (or other local wallet). We believe we have found a good balance between security, privacy, and usability. I couldn't get my "normal" friends to run bitcoind or use Blockchain.info, but I have them using Gliph now. 
Security and finance are very personal things and everybody has different needs. If I have $20, I just need to make sure my pockets don't have holes. If I have $10MM, I need to plan my inheritance but keep my assets liquid enough for my daily expenses.
Please feel free to ask any questions here, to the Support Gliph after signing up, or me directly (PM or nick