@_author: nsdq13
@_date: 2015-11-21 20:40:38
Actually, they claimed I corrupted/deleted the iCloud data after I sent them a screenshot showing them that there was still iCloud data from ATOMBIT stored in my iCloud account. After I sent them this I asked for my iCloud credentials.
@_date: 2015-11-21 21:08:52


Again, you reach a conclusion without proof.
@_date: 2015-11-21 21:07:36


And how did you come to that conclusion? Especially since I purchased over $100 worth of Bitcoins in a short period of time, did I not? Doesn't seem like a smart idea for me to delete the iCloud data and essential lose access to my Bitcoins.
My point is this: It is not common for developers to ask for iCloud credentials from their customers. Can you imagine if a company like AgileBits did? These apps usually have a setting to turn on logs to gather the information and see how an error occurred.
It really doesn't make sense for me to me making anything up, especially since I made it clear in my post that I enjoyed your app up until now. Didn't I always thank you in my e-mail and commend you for your customer service?
And yes, I refused the alternative solution because, as I stated before, I do not trust your application or you anymore.
Now you can go back to upvoting all your comments and those that are in your favour and down voting the rest.
Have a nice day.
@_date: 2015-11-21 19:58:26
I know they have an account on Reddit and I hope they address this issue publicly.
I'm considering contacting Apple to let them know about this.
@_date: 2015-11-21 20:33:51
I did read the user guide, and you acknowledge this in our e-mail exchange and thanked me for doing so, did you not?
Do you blame me for emphatically refusing to give you my iCloud credentials? And you claim that I corrupted/deleted the iCloud data when all I sent you was a screenshot which clearly showed that there was still saved data from ATOMBIT?
You claim I corrupted the iCloud data, but how could that be if I didn't touch  my iCloud settings? I agree that iCloud data does get corrupted, just as a backup might be corrupted. And I think you'd agree that at times it happens and it is not the users fault or the apps fault.
I will post screenshots of the last e-mail you sent me as well, where you said that you do refund customers who purchase small amounts, like I did, if I did not make any threats.
And did I, or did I not, even say in my e-mail before you asked for my iCloud credentials that I would still like to continue being a customer regardless of this mishap, up until you asked for my iCloud credentials? Do you blame me for being skeptical after you requested this information? And can you clarify what investigation you would/could have done if I had given you my iCloud information?