@_author: nsquib
@_date: 2014-03-04 14:37:06
Maybe this is a stupid question, but if most of these people were early adopters who left their BTC too long, they really didn't lose tens of thousands of dollars, did they? They lost their initial investment. Just two years ago 1 BTC was worth like $3, a year ago about $25, six months ago $130. So while I totally feel for these people, I don't think it's exactly accurate for them to claim they've lost "millions" or whatever if they put 300 BTC in Mt. Gox last year sometime (of course, except for the people who actually mentioned what they had initially invested, although considering how Mt. Gox was going down for over a year, why was anyone putting money in there as recently as November?). Am I wrong here?
@_date: 2014-03-05 13:46:09
It was five short paragraphs. If you can't even take the time to read the post, that tells me you have no answer to my point. A "point well made" is not always a "point made concisely." That's some bullshit you just made up, which is contradicted by not only your posting history, but your OP itself.
Edit: for example, your reply was "concise," but it was not a well made point. An investment in Google is a far cry from an "investment" in BTC, if you can even call it that. This is something you've said yourself in previous posts. So I take it you're just trolling.
@_date: 2014-03-05 12:50:47
tldr: fuck you, read it you lazy fuck or else you forfeit your entire bullshit argument.
@_date: 2014-03-06 08:11:50
That's still not an apt analogy. It would if they had taken their money out of Mt. Gox at a market high and put it into a wallet that then stole their BTC. But that's not what happened. 
I'm not "hung up" on a Google v Bitcoin analogy, I argued against it since 1. It was the only argument OP offered and 2. It's fallacious. If OP had offered anything else besides obvious trolling, I might have something else to say. 
This might be more like a backroom poker game. You start with $50, get up to $500, but then bet all of it then leave the table and let the game play out without making sure your hand is still ok against the other players. So you lose. Did you lose $500? No, you really only lost $50, and you don't freak out about it because you weren't paying attention to the game. 
Analogies aren't really productive here. Does it suck these people lost money? Yes. But is it their fault they weren't keeping up on what they sunk into a wildly volatile, completely unregulated currency during a time there were ample warnings to get out of Mt. Gox? Yes. Yes it is. So sorry if I don't cry for people claiming to be out an exponential amount more than they invested a very short time ago, but considering the nature of what's happening with certain exchanges and sites taking BTC stealing money from people every month or more, they should know better. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 08:45:56
"In finance, we don't look at it that way"? Do you realize how ridiculous that sounds?
Very few of these people were "in finance." If they were, they wouldn't have kept their money in Mt. Gox past last year, and never would have put money in Mt. Gox once it started shutting down on the regular. Or would have sunk a preponderance of their investment income into an untested currency in the first place. 
Sure I'd be pissed if I lost an investment, but investing in Google is worlds away from investing in Bitcoin. I would never put my whole life's savings into an unreliable currency, one prone to tons of volatility, at its inception. Nor would I freak out if I bought a few hundred bucks in Bitcoin last year, was dumb enough not to keep track of the exchange I put it in to make sure it was secure, and claim that I've lost tens of thousands of dollars because of a recent crazy bubble that made my minor investment look exponentially bigger "on paper." 
You cannot compare this to a regular investment, because it's not. And if you just invested something a few months ago, you can't complain you lost what you're now calling your "retirement fund", unless you put your entire retirement fund into it in the first place. Expecting a return of more than 15% on anything is always too good to be true - just look at Bernie Madoff. 
People who put a few hundred into BTC in 2012 and left it in Mt. Gox of all places - well, they lost a few hundred. That sucks. But they're not out millions. People who invest in a bubble should know bubbles burst. To compare this to someone who put a few bucks into Google in 2002 is absolutely asinine, and just goes to show how delusional many of these Bitcoin boosters are. 
Note: I've put small amounts into BTC and made a huge profit, quite by accident. But I always got out very soon after getting in, watched the market, never kept money in bullshit places like Mt. Gox, and paid fucking attention to BTC news, especially SR stuff. If I had real money invested anywhere, I'd be keeping an eye on it. I mean Jesus Christ, this isn't even regulated! I feel for these people, but honestly, if they were so dumb to be putting money into Mt. Gox in NOVEMBER, well, come on. That's insanity. Invest if you like, but don't invest anything you can't afford to lose until BTC evens out. You think the Winklevi have all their own money in BTC? LOL. Get real. 