@_author: nssminer
@_date: 2014-11-24 13:27:06
How are they scamming people?
Really selfish, but to each there own.......wow now GAW customers are bad people too?
Again how the fock is GAW scamming people......I am a couple of weeks from RIO.....Big focking scam there?
EDIT: Not a single one of you biatching idgits is GAW customer.....Bunch of arm chair QB's yelling at the screen, like they have a clue.....Scams, Ponzi and bears oh my. But not a single REAL customer claiming they were scammed.....I am not the happiest GAW customer but they haven't scammed me or anyone I know who has invested in ZenPool. Put your money where you keyboard is and present these "Scams"....but you won't...because why....
@_date: 2014-11-24 11:28:01
Hello all,
I know this is a haters thread but bare with me please. It isn't all "shiny"
I got in with Hashlets early and I am close to ROI with my initial, and about 35 percent of re-invest. So far for me it has been a decent mining investment. I spread the love, I have some Zues, CEX, a couple of private contracts and more Ants than I need to heat my whole home throughout the cold as hell, central MN winter.
Dollar for Bitcoin the only thing more profitable then my hashlets for the past four months have been my Ants (@ 0.155KWh ECE). I will say, "all are real close in the running though".  Well until it got cold, then the Ants had a huge jump, (as heat is a waste by-product of mining).
All-in-all though, the "software miners" as I call them, are all really close, but again, my hashlet account, (at present), is on top of the pile for ROI and profit. I have invested about $3200,00 USD with GAW. So I am not that big of a player with them, I am a Bitmain Boy myself! 
Concerning Ponzi:
I am an IT Engineer (POS), traveling the US doing IT installs for fortune 500 companies. A colleague of mine visiting from NY exclaimed, "hey, that dude was at one of those "Hanger Installs". Speaking of Josh Garza (GAW's CEO), when I was showing him a GAW conference video. 
It was some months ago, my colleague called, "Ya it was weird, we were porting fiber off the freeway to an "airline type hanger" with empty shelves and nothing around it, barely a parking lot"? I know it is nothing to you all, but my colleague is a straight shooter and in my head I felt (as little as it was) that I had some kind of real world, inner circle confirmation that GAW was mining. 
My colleague also said, when he gets back to the area he will try to find out what is inside "with a truly friendly telco visit". This was about six weeks ago. 
Plus I know someone at Bitmain that confirmed more than just the "online GAW/Bitmain order confirmation". Saying, "GAW was ordering way before that "online thing".
 Not many people interview personally with CNN to "publicize their Ponzi scheme either"? I personally know Frank and Donna Nuelan (scam-scamscamscam-scam!), Forest Lake, MN- Preacher/Ponzi Scheme...look it up. That's a focking Ponzi, 43bil that lead back to the London. Donna and her daughter lived with family members of mine for a brief spell before heading over seas, when Frank went to the slammer. One of my other family members had completely legal business with them (did not know who he was in business with...none of us did) and lost over a 1/4Mil! You want to talk War of the Roses.....
Concerning Zen Pool:
Overall decent, but a pain in the rear enough to add:
Website is down due to maintenance, Wallet froze till further notice, (cause we Focked up again and people took advantage and we have to figure it out). We over paid, We undercharge, we overcharge, we underpaid.
Then the super fun, log in to your account and 1/3 of your balance is gone, never to return, ever. Ya, sorry folks we have been overpaying you for a whole Focking month, looking like you was making some good BTC there....Invested more because of it....well phyc! It was over payment and we took it back........For me it took five days to get proof from GAW that the claim was valid. After seeing the ledger it was, but boy that sucked arse!
Shiny Fantasy Land HashTalk:
FFFFOCKING HATE IT. All I can say is it is Focking Gay! Sorry, but it is. Not in the happy gay way. I mean the 6'2" bearded biker on a pink Harley Gay!!!!! You know, you don't want to look, but damn you just have too. I hate it....CENSORSHIP UP THE....well that would be nice after the gay talk....but you get my point.
I mean the CEO post some news and you have to go through 279,684 of my 12 year olds hand clapping animated gifs to see what someone really has to say, if someone actually says something. It's fockin' scary! I'm like seriously people, Really?
I was biatching up a storm when they took a third of BTC, nothing that needed deleting or banning just saying how they went about it wrong and they need to provide a ledger. They Censored my post, made it look like I was off topic in my own thread and then locked it. The happy shiny feeling is edited right in the forum...
I truly hate that I have to log into that twilight zone for announcements....that's another thing they don't email announcements, you have to focking log into shiny town.
HASH POINTS:
They are an elect pool, you are no way forced to mine or collect them. There are several pools you can choose that pay BTC. I've wondered a bit, "make up a damn point or coin and pay it to people instead of established crypto"? Let's hope it pays, for a couple of weeks that is about all I have been mining with ZenPool.
The whole Hash Point thing is over in a couple weeks, so it will be back to BTC, or PayCoin?
As I said, "IT Engineer: POS" (Point of Sale) 16 years and running. If you can pay or transfer any type of funds with it in the business world at POS, I've had my hand on it in one way or another. Fock GAW, I have SOP, and COC, CW's of my own I have signed so I can not name names. With that, there are POS IT Dept's talking about PayCoin. 
There have not been many, but they are a bit spread out in the industry, the speed compared to ACH was one thing I heard. Then BC Escrow for b2b, was another talk. To me it seemed a little more than just shop talk, why, as soon as I talked PayCoin there was a subtle hush. Nothing rude, just a gentle "steer the convo in a new direction" sort of thing. I have done TS work for the SSA, FBI, Norwest, Wells Fargo....I am familiar with that ever so politically correct, "you don't need to know" brush off and PC has that sort of feel in the POS world?
End Notes:
I don't think Josh hired anyone or had anything to do with the hack. It doesn't feel right....It's not a shiny focking thing to do...for real, through my ups and downs with GAW, the hack does not fit the profile. But one of those "happy clap animated gif" posters....oh ya! How dare you say the "happy clap God is lying"....and off they would go a happy clap hackin;" 
I will say this though, it kind feels like you are mining with the US Gov., Too much control, and the forum well.......
But with all that, I have had a lot worse investments and dealt with a whole shite load more crap to earn a buck. If the Hashpoint/Paycoin does what GAW claims it will ROI my initial (again), cause it is close to ROI now.....If not I lost a few weeks mining, not cool, but not the end of the world for me. 
Fock the foil hat, I'll approach them with a full foil suit....lol. But approach I will.
So that's my GAW speeeeel. 
Happy Mining and When the Hell are S5's being released!
@_date: 2014-11-24 14:27:02
You all talk transparency, and most have mortgages, The FEDERAL RESERVE IS A PRIVATE BANK THAT HAS NEVER BEEN AUDITED. But you all still go to the bank to loan that paper that is back by absolutely nothing but the Federal Reserves Word....
So I'll quit investing in GAW and ROI'ing when GAW is a proven scam and/or all you quit loaning money from personal banks that are backed by the largest bank in America, which since inception has shown Zero Transparency....  
@_date: 2014-11-24 15:32:12
Activity: 84
You're fired!
View Profile
	
	
Re: GAW Zen Hashlet PayCoin unofficial uncensored discussion. ALWAYS MAKE MONEY :-)
November 21, 2014, 11:43:30 PM
	
 
Wow I am shocked by the traffic on this thread today. I go to the dentist, come back and see a fellow CEO posting. Smiley
GAW_CEO it took some balls to go into the flame head first and I must give you credit on that. Volder no offence for my post b4, you should not care if I believe you or not because at the end of the day I do not feed you and thanks for the reply. 
Well I do hope they will answer more questions that have been posted by the op and others, at the end of the day transparency is not a bad thing, one side invests money and the other side has a business to run. 
@_date: 2014-11-24 14:10:00
Kind of sounds like the Fed Reserve and the U.S. Gov, Hey meet the new boss.
@_date: 2014-11-24 13:06:00
This SockPuppet is a couple weeks from ROI? So what's going to blow up?
To much X-Files people....GAW's Hardware orders has been confirmed. Oh that's right Bitmain is Jumping in bed with the worlds largest Ponzi Scheme the Crypto world has ever seen....Ya know, fock Hashnest, Fock AntPool, Fock Antminer.Were Going Ponzi....Fockin Idgits!
Plus you all obviously are completely clueless to what is going on in the Hashletmarket at ZenPool. People are bailing left and right.....NOT.....again....focking clueless idgits. So tell all your smart friends whom are getting out of GAW to contact me here, I'm sure my box will be full.....
Do you know what a Ponzi is? How does GAW continue payouts after they stop selling Hashlets directly. No really, How? Ponzi, how does ZenPool's  payouts rise after GAW stops selling them directly....Ya sounds like a Ponzi to me.....Idgits!
And how many Ponzi Ring Leaders publicize their Ponzi in the mass media, specially CNN..Name One(who's not a politician)? Really people. get a grip? GOX, BFL and Mintpal had all kinds of mass media coverage before the hammer dropped. NOT .....wasn't a focking word about them till after they were charged! 
GAW's Adds are being pulled off the net in mass....NOT....GOING....TO....HAPPEN....
If PayCoin is a bust I am out a few weeks mining, if not it will double my ROI. If I am wrong well I ROI in a couple of weeks, if I am right you Idgits missed out on one of the big crypto launches. So what the fock am I out.....NADDA!
@_date: 2014-11-24 13:47:36
Yep......proof....no proof yet? Just a bunch of allegations... 