@_author: nteriasphink
@_date: 2017-12-28 08:34:41
The problem is just the more fiscally conservative government and people become, the slower the economy runs. I mean that's one of the most important reasons government goes into debt: to increase investment and money supply and stimulate spending.
@_date: 2017-12-28 08:42:12
No that's what I'm saying. Swarm intelligence will lead a recession directly into a depression. But that's where the federal reserve bank can interfere by increasing money supply and thus stimulate spending.
The swarm actions would be worse with bitcoin because there was no way to counteract the hoarding of bitcoins; there is no central unit to influence the value of bitcoin and thus hoarders beliefs that it's time for saving would just be more and more strengthened in an economic downturn.
@_date: 2017-12-27 21:32:13
Hm well it certainly was an interesting read, but seemed also kind of conspiratorial. 
It portray's Executive Order 6102 as evil act from the government to steal the wealth from American people, but doesn't mention at all, that the reason FDR took the US of the gold standard was to oppose the growing recession.
And I still fail to see how bitcoin would solve any of this? If people are afraid of a recession wouldn't they also just save their bitcoins, just as any other currency? And if all the people start saving bitcoin, instead of spending it the price will go up. I mean this is exactly what happened the last couple weeks: There are a lot of people willing to buy bitcoin, but way less willing to sell, that's why the price went so high.
Of course if the price of bitcoin rises and rises, people start to think that that's a bullet proof saving and will spend even less elsewhere and instead buy bitcoins. This of course would have a dramatic effect on economy if bitcoin was widespread enough. Since people stop investing in products or companies, companies will start to do the same: they have to start saving. And this in the end will result in exactly what FDR was fighting: a depression.
Or am I misunderstanding something? I just really fail to see how bitcoin would solve the problems we have with our current economic system...
@_date: 2017-12-28 08:30:14
Oh I absolutely agree. When I first heard about this measure I thought it was just some crazy story some conspiracy nutjob made up. But the government really did do this, and yes it pretty much was stealing.
However, I still believe that the intention was not stealing, but trying to get out of recession. Now we both agree that this measure wasn't the right way. But I'm just concerned that with bitcoin as a mainly used currency it would be really really hard to get out of a recession because you can't increase money supply to stimulate spending. So hoarders would slowly destroy the economy.
@_date: 2017-12-28 08:31:45
Well I think pretty much all the new buyers in the last couple weeks, did so because of the possibility to get quickly rich. I doubt there were many that even cared about the existence of a bigger picture.
@_date: 2017-12-28 08:37:31


That's a really interesting view, but I really like to know the how? Because I hear such remarks in all the time. But so far I'm missing any objective arguments to back such claims up.
Or is it less of though-through hypothesis and more of a hope/wish kind of thing in your case?
@_date: 2017-12-27 22:08:43
Ok, but how is this gonna prevent a "further financial crisis against our debt-driven global economy"?
Let's assume a golden age of bitcoin. Bitcoin is so widespread that people don't even consider it's fiat value anymore. Everyone just thinks in bitcoins because there is no need to exchange it in other currencies. Instead of buying bitcoins for dollars, one gets bitcoins for goods or services.
Let's imagine for some reason we are in an economical downturn. This might be due to any rational or irrational fear that stops people from spending and start saving.
Some companies are noticing that their goods are not sold as well anymore, so they have to come up with saving measures. They start producing less. This of course will increase the price of individual units sold. As an additional saving measure some people might even lose their jobs. Of course the supplier companies of these initial companies are now selling less as well. So the supplier companies start to save as well and might also cancel some jobs. The cycle continues and prices of goods and services increases while demand decreases.
Now people hear in the news about all these jobs getting cancelled and the economy being in a bad shape, so they start saving. They start to spend their bitcoins only only the really necessary stuff. This of course leads to even more people having to fear for their jobs and starting to save as well.
Now let's imagine there was a shoe salesman selling his shoes before the recession for 0.0001 BTC. Now people start buying less from him, so he has to increase the price to 0.00015 BTC. But of course no one will buy a shoe for 0.00015 bitcoins because times seem lean. All one would spend on a show currently is more like 0.00005 bitcoins. Shoes are now a luxury item, people save their coins, waiting for these times to be over, and in the meantime just spend their bitcoins on food and electricity.
The cycle continues and of course the recession will start to become a depression and the national/global economy starts to collapse.
Of course my example is exaggerated. But I wanted to make it really clear why I fail to see your point...
So maybe I'm overlooking the obvious here. But please, using my example, explain to me how bitcoin is going to prevent "further financial crisis". 
Because from where I'm standing it looks like bitcoin would make recessions even worse because there's no force opposing the self-destroying swarm intelligence... 
Or do you think the solution would be that we all stop buying/selling things not absolutely necessary for life and go back to farming and hunting?
@_date: 2017-12-27 20:42:28
Well ok then, please explain to me how bitcoin is not gonna be a bubble but the pin?
How is bitcoin, whose success is currently mostly based on speculators greed to get quickly rich, going to solve the inherent problems in our current financial systems? How will bitcoin have any effect on global or national debt?
I hope I don't come across as too aggressive, but your reply features exactly the qualities I criticized in my initial post: you're referencing how 'the system of belief' is gonna save the world, by implying never seen before change and condemning the misery of the status quo. But just like in the posted tweet, your reply lacks substance. 
@_date: 2017-12-28 08:17:45
See but that's exactly what I don't get. I've already gotten multiple replies with people praising the inability of central banks or the government to significantly influence bitcoin. And like you others argued that the reason central banks increase the amount of money circulating to *steal* from common man. 
I'm however, are not a friend of conspiracy theories. I believe that usually when the governments tries to influence the value of local currencies, it does so to control deflation and avoid a depression from happening.
I just fail to see how bitcoin, without the possibility of monetary policies, is not going to destroy an economy in a time of recession?
In a time where there is lower demand for goods and services and higher levels of unemployment, the federal reserve bank increases the money supply to stimulate spending and thus counteract deflation. With bitcoin not providing this possibility, how would we get out of an economic downturn?
If it's not clear what I mean I wrote a [detailed example of such a scenario in another comment](
@_date: 2017-12-27 19:00:10
I have to say bitcoin feels more and more like a hardcore religion, where empty statements strengthening the beliefs of it's disciples are highly praised, without questioning if there's actually anything being said at all...
Great and I thought the political populism of 2017 was bad, guess 2018 will be the year of economical populism...
@_date: 2018-05-24 15:03:04
Let's see how the hivemind will decide ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
@_date: 2018-05-23 20:00:45
You make karma by making helpful contributions like the one you just did, not by asking for it!
@_date: 2017-11-29 07:23:25
For me the reason why I don't spend the coins has more to do with the very high fees for the consumer compared to credit cards, the very long waiting time for transaction verification and of course that there still are very few everyday purchases where I'd even have the possibility to pay with bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-03-07 08:40:10
Wtf...