@_author: ntisithoj
@_date: 2014-02-21 17:33:25
haha... yeah my money is "tied up" in MtSux.  They refuse to verify me, even thouygh I have given them all that they ask for...  now they are telling me I need to apostile stamp EVEY document, including my internet bill, and MAIL it to their legal office in tokyo.  But as their lawyers will not even respond to the Power of Attourney papers I sent them many months ago, I suspect they will do jack shit about my apostile stamped docs as well.
But here is my question...  as I am unverified, and can not transfer my coins to anyone (and can't even access the account because my OTP devied and backup were destroyed by an act of nature, so can't even log in, and they refuse to remove the OPT on my account), if thet DO go belly up, what will they do with all the unverified users coins they have?  and there are a lot of them!  many people can not get verified, and MtSox is simply locking their accounts.  
I agree with your premise, that their demise will be disruptive, but they are, in fact, a major liability to the future of bitcoins.  They are actually criminal by any standard (fraud, theft, breach of contract, etc), and should be treated as such, and not tolerated at all.  
@_date: 2013-04-07 20:28:07
ME TOO! (But only in Argentine Pesos...  and it only cost me $4000 US!! hahahah!!!!).  But whrn Litecoins take off, I'll be RIIICHHHH! WhhooHoo!!!
@_date: 2013-04-07 20:32:22
I tip generously (but for good reasons... you know what they say about fools and their money)
@_date: 2013-08-29 19:10:42
here are a bunch of links that point to significant BTC indicators...  but what I think is the best part is the plugin (FF only).  Actually, this is a beta site that basicly no one knows about yet because my friend developed it... so if everything blows up, hey, it's beta.  but I love it!  anyway, enjoy the links.
@_date: 2013-04-06 17:30:37
cool... ok.. I donate my time here -&gt;  ... a radio station run by the inmates of a mental intitution here in Buenos Aires -&gt;  ... one time they interviewed me as 'special guest' because they thought I saw Jimmy Hendrix live (but it was a error in translation... I said I lived next door to where he used to play, in NYC... my spanish was not so good and they were, well, insane!  And as a prize one man offer me a bar of soap... to eat!  seriously)... anyway, I go to their shows and generally help, which usually means keep the crew of crazies from eating the microphone or helping them try and catch pidgeons.  It's an awsome radio show!  Listen to it.
Accetping donations for this selfless labor here -&gt; 12qcnb3FRAcjJGnm4d5X5XMfr2njDJjLq9  :)