@_author: nuclearcorpus
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:55:48
I'll get better at plagiarism next time. Haha.
@_date: 2017-12-27 15:19:38
It would be a hefty sum to try and say that people would have to work together to try and stop the use of robots/bots because I imagine both sides would actually be wanting to use the bots to get an advantage in sport.
They had banned doping in the Olympics and everyone is saying that they are working on not doping their athletes but a country gets busted every year for that exact thing.
@_date: 2017-12-27 16:47:52
That's all right then, I was simply trying to get the... base? opinion or medium opinion of what people thought about it. I will say that it really depends on what kind of ethical system you personally subscribe to. If you are an egoist, then you would be fine with this kind of bot trading. If you are a virtue theorist, you would be against it as it wouldn't be a part of the golden mean. It really depends on the kind of character a person is, I would say.
I would say that I would personally draw the line when it is looking like the Wall Street crash of the 1920s? I don't know if bots could accomplish something like that but I imagine that would screw a lot of people over and wouldn't be too fun for many people.
Ah, apologies for my confusion on the last part. I think the way you worded it and my own personal inner-voice lead to me thinking that you were simply insulting me haha. Apologies.
@_date: 2017-12-27 15:13:06
How would you attempt to limit the bots if you were able to though, if I may ask? It would be incredibly tough to regulate these bots and that could be another reason to why it would be right to let people use them. Although that sounds like simple excuse making but I imagine raiding every person who is able to make a sale in a minute after a price spike would be draining on the police forces budget. For lack of a better comparison, it would be related to the arguments for cannabis legalization, that raiding and searching people for the substance was a drain on police department budget and took police services from actual crimes. Could the same not be applied here?
@_date: 2017-12-27 16:42:37
No clue. I imagine if you were able to identify bots, you would shape the system to allow them an easy time if you were banking on transfer fees. A faster lane for the bots of the world, so to speak.
 I would say that trying to get rid of bots or regulate them would be almost impossible, considering how many pieces of legislature are worded. A simple mistake or a vague wording could easily lead to people easily switching a few programs or if/when variables around and the bots would be perfectly legal again. If the legislature said a button had to be pressed to commence a sale, they would write a program that accepts the hit of an 'enter' key to commence a sale and then just make a script that hits the 'enter' key every two seconds or simply placing a drinking bird desk toy over the key. If the legislature said something to the effect that certain activities had to take a minimum time, people would complain were too long and that a person could do those tasks in that period of time. It would be incredibly tough to regulate these bots and that could be another reason to why it would be right to let people use them. Although that sounds like simple excuse making but I imagine raiding every person who is able to make a sale in a minute after a price spike would be draining on the police forces budget. For lack of a better comparison, it would be related to the arguments for cannabis legalization, that raiding and searching people for the substance was a drain on police department budget and took police services from actual crimes. Could the same not be applied here?
@_date: 2017-12-27 15:44:59
It is simply a hypothetical situation. said; "When it comes to making money, there is no honor system. We either implement the technology to prevent bot trading or we accept it as it is." so I attempted to see if I could figure out a way to answer it.
It is entirely true that no one will ever ban them or is going to ban them. Either because they wouldn't want to or that it is almost impossible to, there is always a way to get around security systems and things of that kind of nature. I mean, CSGO gambling (for example) was meant to be banned or taken down by Valve a while ago but it is beyond easy to gamble with CS:GO skins on the internet, if you know where you are looking. 
Considering the fact that websites such as [Vimeo]( exist and still aren't the main video website, despite YouTube's many many issues proves your point about the fact that it would be a very small chance that people would all go to that one website instead of simply staying on the one that they were used to.
Wouldn't you be able to understand it is a bot by the way they were trading? As in, it is very systematic or very time-based. Like every exact one second, the bot is connecting another user or trying to strike up a deal and, if that deal goes nowhere, it is gone exactly ten seconds later?
@_date: 2017-12-27 17:26:44
Ah, apologies. I get theories messed up in my head and it never really goes that well when I am left alone to think about something haha. Usually just end up making an ass out of myself.
It is like seeing a see-saw that is perfectly balanced but noticing strings going away from it, all connected to little machines or people pulling them? There is just an insane amount of control but also environmental balance that I have never really accounted for in many economic systems.
If you were able to nail everything down and keep yourself afloat, wouldn't you then try to pop everyone else's life raft? It is how business works. It's kind of kooky. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 17:46:28
If HAL can barely open the door, I bet he could barely make end's meet on selling Bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-12-27 14:57:27
If the HAL-9000 can't do it, what kind of computer could?
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:59:20
I mean, that is actually a good point. It is something that I can see happening, the idea that you will have a golden goose of coding and want to hand it out is a strange idea but I will say that I imagine someone would. An Elon Musk type or Bill Gates persona. However, I can imagine that someone would keep this code to himself. 
I ask you however; if you were able to make a bot that would help people get into bitcoin or get more money (for food, drink, etc), would you give the people that code?
@_date: 2017-12-27 17:02:29
Eventually, from the utopia will become the mild, the golden mean that has always existed. The Wild West was pretty much... god awful, yeah. I mean Bitcoins can buy you just about anything because no one can really control it and no one is really tracking it. You can buy Glocks in Liverpool, heroin in Manchester, lots of anarchy going on. I have to agree with you there.
I mean, you could easily show that with a simple gif. Just have the coin of a bitcoin slowly change into a dollar symbol. From decentralized and free to centralized and controlled.
@_date: 2017-12-27 15:25:34
I remember a picture in history class and it reminds me of this kind of hypothetical situation. It was of two presidents/world leaders and they both were sitting at the table. They were shaking hands and smiling but, underneath the table, both had a button ready to push. 
Despite all smiles and friendly messages, I imagine both the client and the company would be looking for loopholes in the other's systems to allow them to install a bot or how to send in a Trojan horse of sorts to be able to get a bot in that way.
@_date: 2017-12-27 17:13:53
I am thinking of the golden mean like... that of the virtue theory of Aristotle. Aristotle thought that everything could be balanced and have a middle to it. The middle, in human society, you could say that is capitalism and that is usually how it goes. The middle is capitalism and that is just... what it is really.
Natural harmony in the economy is weird, I will admit that to you straight away. It is all wibbly wobbly to me personally.
@_date: 2017-12-27 17:16:40
Yeah, I imagine a swarm of bots being used to run accounts and signing themselves up would be the least of our worries at that point. Cough, Skynet, cough. 
It is how robots will beat us in just about everything in about a few years, no?
@_date: 2017-12-27 15:35:55
My job doesn't really involve repetitive tasks but I will admit that ut us kind of weird the way you phrased that last bit. It could just be the tone in my mind but whatever.
However, I do again ask you; do you believe it is ethical or correct to use a bot for Cryptocurrency sales? I understand that bots can trade faster than me and can do all that stuff far faster than me, I am asking if you personally believe it to be ethical or correct. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 15:55:33
So, what would you do with it? Simply keep it for yourself or what? I do understand what you are saying and, for the most part, I agree. I do agree that there is competition and that there is always someone working on something better however I see this as a good thing.
If I release one and a week later, someone releases a better one, I would then use their one and so on and so forth until the end of time. Leapfrogging from one bot to the next until I no longer wish to keep leaping or no longer wish to be a part of the bot train anymore. 
Although I do agree that there will always be competition and winners and losers, I will say that you might as well have competition than simply nothing. What is better? A graph that goes up and down or a graph that simply flatlines? I much prefer the former.
So, I say that someone should throw a bot into the ring, just to see if it would last at all. My only personal idea.
@_date: 2017-12-27 16:55:52
I imagine it could also be the kind of usernames they have or what kind of names they choose. Although I am not exactly thoroughly educated on the subject, I imagine that a bot is never going to be a name like "JohnnyMCR1993" or "BatmanNukaCola". It would just be a random jumble of letters and numbers that correspond to something. I imagine seeing something like "dwoODxSjYv2" or "6JkFMuU6e6y" would tip a mod-bot off to the fact that someone was a bot and not really who they said they were.
Aye but I think that would be more work than a simple bot that just works for high efficiency. You would have to code in small breaks and long breaks that are all based on small averages of how long someone sleeps, drinks, eats, drives, basic social life. That would be way harder to code.
@_date: 2017-12-27 17:50:02
That does remind me of a time that someone tweeted or some news organization said that Barrack Obama was dead. The economy took a nose dive for about ten seconds until it was quickly tweeted out that he was fine. Scary stuff. The external parts of businesses/economies are always the most tricky but are often the things that someone must learn to be able to understand how business/economies work. 
It is just one of those things. It depends on what kind of method you are after. Some people pop no life rafts, some people do, and others invite people onto their liferaft and tell them that they will never throw them overboard.
