@_author: nullxorvoid
@_date: 2013-04-09 21:43:45
Hope you feel slightly less shitty
+bitcointip 0.01 BTC verify
@_date: 2013-04-10 01:40:00
If you want to totally avoid the ridiculous verification (it will take days or weeks after you upload your info to get verified), you can try another exchange called [bitfloor](  I've bought all my BTC through them by doing cash deposits and I've had no issues at all.
There's no slow and intrusive verification process, and once you make the deposit (at a Bank of America) the funds are ready to use in like 10-20 minutes.  The bitfloor exchange rate used to be higher than mtgox, but as of today it's about the same.
@_date: 2013-04-08 23:48:04
I bought my BTC through [bitfloor]( by making cash deposits at a Bank of America.  It's very fast and easy.  Basically you just make a deposit using an account number they give you, and within 30 minutes the funds are ready to use.  Actually today it only took about 5 minutes.
Bitfloor rate is generally slightly higher than other exchanges and there's a small fee to deposit USD, but unless you're gonna drop $10,000+ it's not a big deal.
@_date: 2013-04-09 00:11:06


This is *extremely* unlikely.  Addresses are not just random sequences of characters, they are complex patterns with a built-in "typo-detector" called a checksum.  If you mistype an address, there is about a 1 in several billion chance that the address you typed is even valid.  If not valid, the transaction will be rejected.  
If you do manage to type a wrong, but valid address, any coins sent to it will disappear forever, but if you're really worried about that, just buy some lotto tickets as insurance.


This is only possible if you have a network printer on an unsecured wireless network and somebody is actively collecting packets when you print the wallet.
So the easy solution is...don't do that.  Use a local (USB) printer from a trusted (your own) computer.  That's guaranteed to be as safe as the computer you're printing it from.  Printers normally never store information about anything they've finished printing, but if you're super paranoid, just turn it off when you're done.
@_date: 2013-04-10 01:31:12
Yes, this is huge problem.  Nobody is going to want to part with their BTC while the price is so rapidly increasing, and merchants are not going to go through the hassle of accepting bitcoin if nobody is willing to spend them.
The best idea I've thought of is to encourage merchants to experiment selling something in BTC that at today's exchange rate would be significantly cheaper than if they bought it in USD.  For example, suppose I normally sell my handmade catapults for $500.  I could instead offer them for 1.5 BTC, which as of writing this comment would be about $350.  The merchant is motivated to acquire BTC because bitcoins will (hopefully) continue to rise in value, and the consumer is able to buy a catapult at a significant discount.
This would be an effective strategy for anything that a consumer would have an immediate need for and would be willing to take a loss on long-term investment for a short-term goods.  Maybe groceries, medical supplies, flowers, seasonal clothing, etc.  
The discount could be based on the average change in exchange rate over the last week, which would mask any short-term drops, and as the rate begins to stabilize, the BTC price approaches the fiat currency price.
Honestly I have no idea if this would actually work, but it would be cool if somebody gave it a shot (or made a good argument why it's a bad idea)
@_date: 2013-04-12 00:55:50
Nope, it opens at 02:00 UTC, and it is currently just under 01:00, so you've got about an hour to go