@_author: numbers1guy
@_date: 2019-04-02 22:59:16
This is not a regulated financial market...
The sooner people understand that this is how it's meant to be, the sooner people will understand simple concepts that have clearly flown over your head.
@_date: 2019-04-02 23:02:29
There are much more legitimate services out there. People ignored red flags out of greed.
You do your trades and withdraw to your own wallets.
Most of the people trading crypto in the last few years have never traded any investments before period, there was a lot of naivety.
If you're an actual trader doing daytrades or swing trades of a sizeable amount, than you would have the means to trade on better exchanges than Quadriga.
The writing was on the wall for a very long time.
This is also coming from someone who touts the line, not your key not your bitcoins, yet still lost a small amount to Quad.
People need to really understand that this is like the banking world without the bank, due diligence and tight security protocols are necessary and your own responsibility.
@_date: 2019-04-02 23:08:44
It's not about what I believe. Its what reality is.
That's why there are blatant scams that go on.
It has nothing to do with my morals...
Reading comprehension my friend, it can help you.
@_date: 2019-04-02 23:45:33
You're clearly a good judge of that considering you're involved in cryptocurrency and cannot comprehend that it is an unregulated market...
Somehow you took that to mean that I'm a scumbag willing to scam people...
@_date: 2019-04-05 18:58:46
I can only discuss my own experiences and what I've gathered from my own due diligence but I don't vouch for anyone.
With that said, Kraken has proven to be a legitimate exchange on more than one occasion.
I would use them.
As a Canadian you really only need to figure out a fiat on/off ramp. Binance is still king for crypto to crypto trades.
For Canadians I suggest first and foremost not to invest in crypto unless you have an emergency fund, retirement investments (hopefully in index funds) and you have SIDE PLAY money you can throw into crypto.
The reason I say that is because the majority of issues crop up when going to withdraw crypto into fiat.
And this usually happens en masse during dips in the market.
My greatest suggestion is to plan and time your exits. If you're using money you are depending on you're at the mercy of time and urgency.
If it's extra change then you can plan your withdrawals in advance and not get caught up using riskier methods due to urgency and time constraints.
There are a TON of options available to Canadians.
My best suggestion is Gemini + USD bank account and wire transfers as a fiat onramp.
Also a huge fan of local bitcoins/local ethereum and finding people to trade with in person.
I've bought crypto from a few people in this very subreddit lol. FaceTime verifications are always awkward but they work.
@_date: 2019-04-05 15:34:30
None, other than some decentralized exhanges.
You will inevitably have to trust an exchange, and then you use the capital you need to execute trades only.
For instance, if I have 10k to trade with, I won't trade my entire position. 
Instead I'll keep the portion that I'm trading on an exchange until I close my trades.
Whatever profits I make are then withdrawn from the exchange to a wallet I own.
If I'm not actively making trades, say I'm going for a long weekend trip, I withdraw my entire balances off of the exchange and into wallets I own until I'm ready to make trades again.
These are habits anyone using crypto right now needs to get used to.
Clearly there are exhanges you can trust and the only one proven that so far is Binance, but even then I wouldn't keep my entire portfolio on there.
Same way I don't keep my entire portfolio in one wallet.
With crypto it's on you to mitigate your own risks so try to be as proactive as possible.
@_date: 2019-04-05 15:29:07
C'mon man. Gemini was available to Canadians for the same amount of time practically. Even coinsquare is better than Quad.
Kraken was also available to Canadians.
Almost every exchange is available to Canadians it's not hard to wire USD from here.
This is crypto, no one feels bad for people that lose money on stocks and thats a regulated market...
Adopting an ignorant attitude like yours is deceiving to newcomers and gives them a false sense of security.
So fuck that.
It's people's money and life savings at stake for some (which is stupid to begin with).
If preaching due diligence saves one person's money I'd consider that a win.
The writing was on the wall for Quadriga for a very long time.
Stop being ignorant to the realities of this world and what cryptocurrency is.
Btw, I did lose money with quad. So no, I'm not holier than thou. 
I'm preaching from experience.