@_author: numericindirection
@_date: 2012-09-06 20:52:01
With an effective rating system, issuers would be able to determine the likelihood of individuals defaulting on loans and lines of credit. Determining what is "good faith" and "delinquency" would allow lenders to have some sort of risk analysis before lending, and a sense of security and trust between the issuee.
@_date: 2012-09-06 20:49:47
This would form a good basis for a type of risk assessment financial rating. This is more for p2p rating, and less about rating a vendor. Having a rating for the vast array of securities being issued and backed by bitcoins would help to indicate the riskiness of insuring said investment. 
@_date: 2012-09-06 06:17:56
I work in the banking industry and am working on actuary data to make insuring bitcoins feasible.
Yes, it would require a good deal of capital to create a sense of "good faith" for a large scale.
Insurers incur less risk when the law of large numbers is followed, which outweighs the chance of all the policies defaulting to claims (and subsequently payouts), which would require a lot of start up capital to have these account well capitalized (in case of pay outs), until the premiums paid (which takes time to grow) saw a sizable return. 
Ultimately I want to apply a system of risk management to the bitcoin to create a kind of open source credit rating to various vendors, security holders (like account holders), and investments. 
An enforceable credit rating would allow for people to understand the risk involved with dealing with various entities. This could establish a precedent for future financial products such a small interest loans, since lenders would have a baseline for the riskiness of a lending money to an account holder. 
Basically in my mind, without a way to insure one's finances (via classic risk management), there is no way to establish enough "good faith" to create financial products which require the customer to have a good deal of "good faith" for the merchant (or in this case "financial institution") to offer these products to.