@_author: numeric_eric
@_date: 2017-05-23 02:07:27
Ah, you think every post in a thread is 100% about the topic. Easy mistake to make. But the more you use reddit you'll realize thats not how it is. Glad we can clear that up 
@_date: 2017-05-23 01:54:21
If you're trying to take what I wrote about decades of civil disobedience in drug users and applying it to this guy, then you may have missed the point. 
DPR is a piece of shit and I refuse to defend him. But he is not the chosen representative of the flaws of the drug war, even if a bunch of clowns chasing a high decided to make him a false martyr. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 01:29:21
Think the problem there is that respecting the law requires abiding by it and theres been plenty of positive changes made by people willfully refusing to abide by the law. 
The laws don't change all on their own. Its almost always because of people breaking them and not respecting them, that we have discussions of their merits and whether we as a society should continue keeping these laws. Its this very public refusal to obey that tends to swing opinions in public discourse where politicians lose support by continuing to advocate for those laws. 
That makes them much more likely to change positions or be replaced by people who are willing to introduce or vote on legislation repealing laws. 
The largest social movements in our history are examples of this and our very founding as a nation is based in this. A lot of people have a very valid point that even though drugs are a harmful thing for the individual, our criminal laws dealing with them makes the situation twice as bad by criminalizing behavior and creating a class of convicts because people exhibit drug seeking behavior that exists in every society and every time period in human history, that you're basically making people criminals for acting like humans. 
Just because someone points out that these laws are illogical isn't advocating drugs as a positive. Its advocating that we can reduce the burden on our society by not throwing people in prison just because they get high on particular substances. That simply won't happen by following the law. 
To tl;dr it. You won't change anything by respecting the law and not breaking it as an act of civil disobedience. Blindly respecting the law is antithetical to being an American. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 01:56:28
