@_author: numnutz2009
@_date: 2018-08-16 12:11:01
until you factor in the cost of the miner and the fact that they lied to customers/require a pool that uses asicboost. also the miner is only "better" when you underclock the machine into the ground lol. did uk the s9 has underclocking and undervolting as well increasing the efficiency?? most dont know that and make posts callin dragonmint miners better.
then again i still think halong was really inno the entire time and inno just pulled hardware back under their name leavin halong to fade away.
@_date: 2017-04-21 14:24:56
unfortunately you know someone is going to pay these guys for these fake miners ;(. based on the numbers they are claiming to have these machines would break even on just btc in 90 days....if you factor in the ltc part your looking at about 60 days to break even. and for "only $4000!" haha. its hard to believe people still fall for these obvious scams when no info has been given except ridiculous hashrates. whats even worse is these so called news companies are willing to publish fake information that is intended to scam people as long as they get a few bucks first. 
@_date: 2017-04-18 10:56:20
I cant read chinese but if i paid for my miners outright to be shipped april 15th to my home why do i have to pay the electricity fees to get compensation for their delays?? Im not hosting them....so im not sure how this even makes sense to me. I m losing about $100 a day so it is adding up fast considering i spent $450 more per miner from bitmain to get the april 15th shipping date....
@_date: 2017-04-18 11:25:37
Does he say how long the delays will be?? If its a firmware issue he should still send customers the miners they ordered and email them when an update is available to fix whatever the issue is. Clearly he is mining with the machines and that can be seen in the huge diff increase coming and the increased hashing power posted to the network so if they didnt work how is he able to add such a huge amount of power to the network?? He just wants to stack huge amounts of coins for the price increase. If btc goes up a couple hundred bucks its not that much when you have only a few k coins...but if ltc goes up and you have a few hundred k coins that spells out HUGE gains.
Hell i have been holding onto 1800 coins from when they were $3.50 each and look at their value now. I woke up and casually checked the price for the coins i mine and nearly fell outta my chair! But compensation isnt good enough in this case since i will make more from price increases ontop of the amount i mine each day. This isnt how things should be done. Hes giving bitmain a bad name. 
@_date: 2017-04-21 18:45:11
ya i get what they mean but i have free electricity where i run all of my miners so paying them to run my miners isnt valid in my case. yes to many this deal is acceptable expecially in the us where power costs (in my state of MD) can be an upwards of $.15 per kwh but for people like me that dont have power bills this kinda blows.
@_date: 2017-04-20 12:24:29
Maybe im wrong but based on what i have seen asicboost IS technically and efficiency boost. For example if a miner gets 10th/s and uses 1000w of power thats .1w per gh/s. Now if you enable asicboost it uses the same amount of power but boosts your hashrate by lets say 20% making you mine 20% better over long periods of time so increase the hashrate (im not sure if the hashrate shows on the config page or any of that since i dont use asicboost) will be equal to about 12th/s which at 1000w of power consumption means the miner now consumes .083w per gh/s technically. That sounds like an improvement if efficiency to me right?? Granted if everyone was using it the boost wouldnt be ne thing at all since everyone is using it but if only 1 company actually implimented it that means that company is getting more from the miners than the advertised hashrate and are therefore running more efficient.
Again maybe im wrong but maybe that is what they mean by "more efficient" mining and not so much if the tricks being used make the network stronger or weaker because of the boosting. I personally think asic boost is being used by bitmain. Based on how the owner of the company acts towards people and how he has basically stolen our l3+ miners that we paid for to block segwit on litecoin for whatever reason i have a hard time believing him when he says he isnt abusing the trick. I mean doesnt it cost more money to add asicboost to each and every chip they produce?? Who in their right mind would add that if it wasnt being used?? The owner has lied before and cant be trusted. I wonder what will happen to bitmain if they change something that prevents all of their miners from being used to mine on the network....maybe we will get to see a grown man cry ;).
@_date: 2017-04-21 15:20:57
ya i knew about the garza thing. it sucks that people have no issues with posting this material. i have seen the community dog them hard because of the shadiness and they still wont change. 
obviously we cant say 100% this is a scam but im 99.9999% sure it is. the only reason its not 100% yet is because no one has posted things saying they didnt get what they paid for but if anyone did they would probably get trolled outta the thread all together lol.