@_author: nutbananacomputer
@_date: 2019-06-28 22:12:11
A pretty big difference here is the relationship between lender and debtor. When you think about your personal debts, the thing that enforces those is that the bank can come in and repossess your house or car, because the lender has much more power than the debtor. If it's an informal loan between friends, it's already weird cuz it's basically non enforceable outside of social norms/guilt.
What's most important is that the US government is basically in debt to America. Since there isn't really a distinction between "US government" and "America" except in very finicky legalese, it's less like money you owe the credit card company and more like trips to the movies you owe yourself. Which is to say that the enforcement mechanisms only go off if the US decides to shoot itself in the head. A kind of fun side note is that the public debt is, in effect, THE source of money for the private sector, so if the US managed to get to 0 debt, that would mean the private sector was completely broke.
About 6T US debt is to foreign countries, but that relationship is kind of wonky because there isn't an international arbiter that would repossess the US's house. To use your credit card analogy, imagine if you, individually, were as powerful as the credit card company, such that if they really tried to press the issue, you could do just as much damage to them as they do to you (idk you could take their credit rating). There's international ratings agencies and such, but none of them really have an interest in tanking the US economy.
For your debt, there are a large number of external enforcers, but for sovereign states using their own currency, the only thing that really matters is inflation. How much debt can a country accrue before inflation gets out of control? We're honestly really bad at knowing this, since Japan has been at 200% debt to GDP for years and they're UNDERshooting their own inflation targets, so it could be some really crazy numbers.