@_author: nuttdguy
@_date: 2016-07-02 05:13:08
I just want to say from my little bit of experience, cryptocurrency is definitely not ready for mainstream because of it having no fail-safe loss mechanism. 
Too many different components of the whole ecosystem in fragments. It still seems too new and people will want something that's a no brainer to use and security that their funds are backed. 
Whereas today, when someone sends a transaction to a frauder; there is no way to get it back nor a collective effort that would ban or prevent that actor from a repeat offense. 
But Tea definitely has a point; most of the general public will not use it for all/most of the reasons. 
Too steep of a learning curve; downloading software that requires extensive technical knowledge; everything is new ... too much to learn all at once; lack of security/safety in that their funds are secure from scams;  having to deposit money to get cryptocurrency that is not better than today's fiat currency - can't buy with cryptocurrency ... yet; the barrier required to buy bitcoin i.e. identity regulations; namespaces (xem) attempt to solve but another feature to learn; mining and voting ... where's the value prop/incentive for the general public - they sure as heck have no incentive to use it because they would likely not take the time to figure it out; why would a general consumer defer from Google when that's' already working?; if peer-to-peer where for the mass, how come torrents are known to a few - was that not a momental protocol back then?; I'm just saying from a general perspective, most of us humans do not learn things unless we have to ... doing what's necessary to just get by; and because of that, introducing cryptocurrency to the mainstream too early would likely result in less people adopting it, IMHO ... 
That stated, without improvements in user experience, safety and security, general adoption right now seems unlikely - to me. However, if you can really show others they can make money from it that could definitely change perspective.
And I agree with Tea, it's too complicated right now. But even with all those complications 
But even with all those complications, I personally see there's tremendous opportunity in cryptocurrency. One right now is the financial gain of investing in the early technologies that are created. The reason I personally took the time and effort to learn about Bitcoin and all other alt currencies.
If it only were like the 16-32 bit games back in the 90's. Simple and very simple to learn.  
