@_author: nvidiaminer
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:56:19
How reliable do you think your "weighted average" is?
Could you reference mathematical or statistical testing which validates the "weighted average?"
@_date: 2013-04-21 16:52:12
Yeah, well, money makes for some of the worst relationship problems.  Your relationship with your parents sounds pretty bad to begin with.
You have the right to privacy and to do what you want with your money.  You outsmarted them, they need to come to terms with that.
If you have a lot of money in bitcoins, the first thing you should do is diversify, and I do not mean litecoins.  Every time your bitcoins go up some set amount, say 25%, set aside part of the gain, say 5%, as diversified income.  Put it into gold, stocks, loans^*, and other investments that have nothing to do with bitcoin.
Then if the authorities ban bitcoins, you still have some assets, not zero.
^* Now considering that a loan with interest is a nice investment asset, let's consider how you can win and your parents can win.  That is called a "win/win" transaction.  It doesn't mean you win twice, it means you and your counterpart in the transaction *both* win.
You can buy your parents' mortgage, and not even tell them.  Consult an attorney for details.  That's not win/win, but it's a thought.
If you buy their mortgage, you can also choose to tell them, and you can lower their interest rate.  If you lower it below the real inflation rate, you are giving them money.  If you peg their payment to the exact actual inflation rate, that should be a break for them.
That is a win/win outcome, and it is a safe investment for some of your winnings.  Plus, it helps your parents, who have invested in you and your stuff up until some point in time when you were on your own.
Overall you need to learn how to invest large amounts of money, because that is probably something your parents didn't have the means to show you.  If you don't see how it is done you can lose everything and go back to normal land.
