@_author: nycguychelsea
@_date: 2019-11-14 02:15:08
Whether one agrees with your position or not, it cannot be described as a non-violent position. Wouldn't you agree?
@_date: 2019-11-14 02:01:47
He absolutely solicited and paid for hits. He was being scammed by a guy in Canada who has since been arrested. The reason he wasn't charged originally is that there the only real evidence was the chatlogs and blockchain. They didn't know who the victims were or who the hitman was (turned out it was all the same person). And now that they do know who was on the other end, a prosecution seems pointless. Because there were no actual murders and no one was actually harmed, the maximum sentence for this kind of murder for hire charge is 10 years in prison. He's already doing double life plus 40 years. Prosecuting this doesn't make any sense at this point.
But the court of public opinion isn't bound by rules of evidence like a court of law. Reasonable people look at the facts and conclude that OJ Simpson is guilty of double murder no matter what a jury thought. And reasonable people can look at the facts in this case and conclude that Ross Ulbricht thought he paid money to have real people murdered whether or not he was ever prosecuted or convicted of it.
Having said all of that, I don't think he deserves to die in prison. As I said, the maximum sentence even if he were prosecuted for the murder for hire attempts would be 10 years. I think the draconian drug sentence is outrageous. I think a just sentence would have been in the 10-20 year range. I haven't signed his change.org petition yet because I don't think he's innocent and I don't think he's served enough time. But I will probably sign it in a few years.
@_date: 2019-11-14 02:13:50
A couple of points about the freeross crowd. They obviously have an agenda, which is to free Ross. And his mom runs the organization and I don't blame her for a minute that she's trying literally to save her son's life. And in order to do that, they have to push the lie that Ross was nonviolent. That's the big PR push. Unfortunately, the evidence suggests that he was actually paying for hits. They just disbelieve the evidence. 
The other thing is that they are careful to point to the legal facts that he was never prosecuted or convicted of the crimes and the indictment against him was dismissed. Those legal facts are true. None of them make him innocent.
@_date: 2019-12-03 19:08:36
I don't have any problem with incarcerating someone who was willing to have people killed to protect his drug empire. The only thing I disagree with is the life sentences. I don't think Ross deserves to die in prison. He should have gotten 20 years.
@_date: 2019-12-12 19:11:58
Here we go again, indeed. I don't believe everything the government, etc., tell me. And I don't believe everything freeross.org tells me either. I've done many many hours of research in this case, including reading articles from multiple sources, watching all of the videos presented by the freeross site, and have read court filings, trial transcripts, and all of the opinions handed down by all of the judges that looked at this case. And after all of that, there is zero doubt in my mind that Ross Ulbricht paid someone (James Ellingson, to be precise) he thought was a hitman to murder people he thought were real. You can believe it or not; you and all his supporters can downvote me into oblivion; but the truth remains the truth.
@_date: 2019-12-12 19:49:15
Ross is not a murderer. Ross tried to hire someone he thought was a murderer to kill people he thought were real. Even if he were charged and convicted in that case, the statute he violated calls for a 10-year sentence and a fine. If someone had been injured due to the murder plot, the penalty would increase to 20 years. And if someone actually had been killed, the penalty would have increased to life, or death. Lucky for Ross, none of the people whose murders he paid for actually existed, so the maximum he would have received would have been 10 years.
And that is one of the problems I have with this case. The reason I have done so much research is that I do believe Ross Ulbricht has been dealt a bad hand. I may think he is 100% guilty of everything the government alleged (and I do), but I don't think his crimes warrant the sentence he has received. So, on the one hand, I am quite sympathetic to his cause. Dying in prison for selling drugs (or facilitating the sale of drugs) is ridiculous in my opinion. 
But I can't stomach the outright denials, lies, refusal to take responsibility, the pointing of fingers at other people (like Mark Karpeles, who deserves derision because of the Mt. Gox fiasco, but had nothing to do with Silk Road). So I suffer from some dissonance -- I think Ross Ulbricht is a shady character and not a good person, but I don't think he should die in prison, but I don't think I should actually support him until he comes clean and actually seeks redemption (admitting what you've done is a pretty big step in redemption).
Anyway, I have a very complicated view of this entire case. There are no good guys here. None. Everyone is wrong. What do we make of that?
Edit: I also want to say that I do not blame Lyn Ulbricht for going out and trying literally to save her son's life. Ross has been lying to her, but she believes her son. And I get that. I think she is the biggest victim in this case. I wish for her sake, Ross would just tell the truth for once.
@_date: 2019-12-12 18:52:30
Good guys don't pay  hitmen to murder strangers.