@_author: nycmdthroaway
@_date: 2019-03-17 23:32:33
This is the most perfectly, and simplistically worded thesis to accurately describe (so many aspects of) society and human culture I have ever read, anywhere.
I would give you gold if it didn't involve a whole process that I can't do through the app I'm currently using.
@_date: 2019-03-30 19:01:19
I would not have used them if it wasn't the only way I could pay my electric bill from when I was mining (or drive 45 minutes and pat 5% to use a bitcoin ATM). It's been a year since I stopped mining due to increased electrical costs and declining profitability causing it to not be worth it. Then I'd use it to cash out periodically on short term investments.
No warning and I'm unable to withdraw anything. I called the card company and they were so fuxin rude. And it's just offensive to have them and BitPay both lying directly to my face. When I pointed out all the holes in their logic, the supervisor I was talking to (to whom I directly stated that I had no beef with her, I was just frustrated that I had $500 I couldn't even spend online and was offended that I was being fed obvious lies) said "maybe [that's true] but it doesn't change anything, and you still can't access cash withdrawls, have a nice day"- and hung up. BitPay only says "you should have recieved an email." I don't delete any email, I have emails from 4 years ago, it's easy to search gmail. I have plenty of emails from BitPay in there from deposits I've made over the last year, I went through every one- no warning. I watched my mining partner go through his gmail as well- nothing. Then I reached out to a couple other people I knew, and while I did not personally see them search their email, they have no reason to say they received sonething.
It's infuriating. They charge for signature transactions too. So now there's no way to even buy something without paying a fee.
But if I wanted to be stuck with essentially a limited use prepaid gift card, I'd have gone to CVS and bought one.
@_date: 2019-03-24 18:00:30
I'm Sold.  Thanks for the detailed answer!
@_date: 2019-03-18 15:09:33
100% the regulated stock exchanges will eventually go 100% digital-physical/blockchain derived settlement. They will face stiff opposition from brokerages which will become obsolete, and, as increased ability to audit transactions becomes possible, bankers will oppose the system as it will actually lead to increased oversight and much greater public awareness of the loopholes currently used to exploit wealth from the system.
But the actual exchanges are getting shafted! The NYSE is a private company. It brings in around $25 million a year, meanwhile, brokerages are making that in a week using its services. The exchanges ultimately have final say in how they are run, yes the government can say they cannot do something, but they can turn around and bar a brokerage house from trading through its platform. Likely the two parties will find a way to continue to co-exist in the beginning, until the exchanges decide to completely cut out the middle man and take all commissions- they've already realized the potential in this.
Bakkt is being set up to deliver a "one day physically delivered bitcoin option." Something that makes less practical sense than it does economic- all that is, is a way to test the blockchain delivery of assets, using a blockchain for which they set the fees and collect all commission- a great compromise, as the securities are immutable, yet the rules of the blockchain which involve transactional fees can be altered at will by the ICE/NYSE. Their whole media ploy of calling it a test of the Crypto space for institutional investors is a complete fabrication to prevent the brokerages that stand to be obsolete by the tech from being any the wiser.
Unfortunately, even with blockchain held securities, I doubt they would ever be allowed on true decentralized blockchains that have no ability to be regulated, and even of they were, it would not be without technology to ensure that such securities are linked to an individual for tax purposes and only exchanged through SEC licensed exchanges. If it was ever going to be possible to have companies trading on the blockchains, then the government would not have shut down and sought legal action against ICOs, and later regulated all (non "reward" based, i.e. investmen) crowdfunding, requiring SEC registration, an intermediary which (is either, itself, or uses) a FINRA participating broker dealer and full disclosure/KYC of all investors (ca. 2016-2017). Had ICOs been regulated to prevent fraud, but allowed to continue to innovate, the cryptocurrency sphere would have become a vehicle for investment and actually started to represent facets of a real economy.
And my original point was that both the fractional reserve system and the fixed supply/non-fiat monetary systems fall to the same issues, issues which cannot be solved by any economic system as they lie within the root of human nature- greed and corruption. As long as those two forces exist, regulation will always be necessary. Greed is a trait we all have (in varying degrees), and one that has already caused major issues in the cryptocurrency space- still in its infancy. The community cannot control that, neither can software (yet).
Furthermore, Bitcoin may be the top cryptocurrency, but as long as people can continue to create more cryptocurrencies, then inflation can never be truly controlled- and as long as there is money to be made in doing so (which there is), people will continue to do so.
Now, if a blockchain technology were to be created which was fully liquid, allowed economic expansion via unhindered investment opportunities- with contracts that could lock entire businesses in contract, while tracking spending, to self regulate against fraud and have a way of reclaiming lost funds, and use AI to constantly value the entire Cryptosphere (to represent the undiluted value of all currencies, regardless of the dilution of one particular currency), then it may be viable.
@_date: 2019-03-24 09:55:51
I have a follow-up question... is that WiFi Direct or does it use UPnP to go through your home LAN? And along those lines, can the bluetooth of the watch pair with other peripherals, like a bluetooth headset? Or otherwise, does the watch have a speaker that can handle voice audio?
I'm envisioning using a VPN to create a virtual LAN at the office (or in the car with my vehicle dashboard tablet and it's always on VPN to my home- set up as a hotspot), being able to leave the phone (or forget the phone) at home, and being able to use the watch to answer phone calls and/or have (albeit limited) interaction with my phone through the watch.
Even if the audio thing wouldn't work, being able to just be able to send and receive texts with the phone just plugged in and on the WiFi at home would be cool, and as long as it doesn't require WiFi direct exclusively, any Ethernet encapsulating VPN tech would allow that.
@_date: 2019-03-22 06:04:06
I agree that there's no reason why that wouldn't work (with some tweaks). I also agree that a system could exist in which that was possible, but I still see that as a technological advancement, rather than an economic one.
No in your example, where do the databases holding the blockchain ledger (nodes) sit? I could see a system where the brokerage, the market, the SEC/IRS/etc., and likely third parties could hold a read only copy. It's about control. The government doesn't even trust the people with the airwaves- and probably rightfully so, as if anyone was free to import/buy broadcast equipment on any frequency, every block would have a different broadcast lineup, cell phones would likely be highly unreliable due to rogue signals, and wifi would never work, since there's always be some asshole who decided he wanted his home network at his office, half a mile away, and set up an 80W amplifier.
Asset offerings are also very carefully controlled and calculated. So being able to sell a fraction of a share would negate that ability and cause share price deflation (or possibly inflation- which seems like a positive but is almost always short lived). Even well announced, market controlled, secondary offerings nearly always destabilize share price- in the worst cases, it's led to drops upwards of 50% in a day. They've also led to as high as 75% daily price pumps, but 9/10 that coincides with a follow up investigation by the SEC and the discovery of mass securities fraud. Stock splits leading to a more liquid market usually lead to the benefits one would assume, except in the case of very high value assets, where the exclusivity of the asset contributes to its price.
So if the market had to constantly absorb the changing liquidity that would be caused by allowing the sale of fractions of assets, it would surely lead to destabilize the market.
However, if the brokerage was to create special, multi-asset ETFs for this purpose, the destabilizing effect could be contained to the fund, without effecting the underlying securities as much.
Owners of tokenized assets would also need to cede things like voting rights to the actual owner of the securities, since companies couldn't be responsible for checking secondary token markets to confirm voting rights, and the complicated division of fractions of votes and tallying on-chain/traditional shares, etc. This would lead to brokerages gaining immense power over companies.
I still believe that a well regulated system where *privately* conducted ICOs, without requiring expensive intermediaries, at least up to a certain amount, say $1mil, would foster innovation and the growth of small businesses.
And honestly, I know 9/10 ICOs are complete fraud, but honestly, so are 4/10 biotech companies on the NYSE. I think any amount under $250,000 raised, as long as the issuer of the token is using his legal name, and has a legal business, should be allowed unregulated. Set a maximum investment amount of $1000/person. That would really help small projects.
Also, I think a potential solution would be an easy registration process for an ICO up to a set amount and not allowing the issuer to use an LLC or Inc to conduct it. Requiring it be conducted under the individual. Literally, if that was enacted, all that would need to prevent fraud would be a form on an SEC website with fields for issuing parties name, address and SSN, website used to issue, brief description, token name. Then an agreement that should any false claims be made, they will be held fully responsible. Give the person a Federal ICO license # they can post on their site. Tell consumers only to check the SEC ICO database before investing. Boom... end of ICO fraud. Because now of someone tries to scam and run, they personally face bankruptcy or losing all their personal assets and can't hide behind an LLC. They could be personally sued and a judge would decide if they made false or misleading statements, or embezzled or whatever- or if it was just a true failure. Once a certain time period or certain obligations have been completed, then they can reorganize everything into their LLC.
@_date: 2019-03-24 11:00:42
I agree with you there. The only thing I think would be different would be how the system came to evolve, and I think that the bitcoin blockchain would not be used simply because of the difficulty in implementation, the upgrades which would need to be done to support the overhead and the fact that numerous agencies and markets would want exclusive say over who and how those upgrades were handled- something the bitcoin network would never allow.
Instead, I think a custom blockchain designed from the ground up to be efficient, highly auditable and specifically designed for markets would evolve over a decade or so (economic change is sloww) into a more free system due to the banking/trading system's and the current blockchain/crypto/bitcoin community's one common desire for a Laissez-faire system.
I was referring to how I envisioned an early attempt at a system (like the one using Bakkt as a testbed, once in expanded form) would function to introduce new technology, without making any meaningful change that would ruffle the conservative wallstreet feathers.
I think a stepping stone similar to what I describe would be necessary in order to introduce such a system without getting immediately shut down.
After the technology begins to evolve, loopholes would naturally be found and exploited to maximize monetary gain- the result would be updates making those loopholes harder to detect and close.
I think this would continue until eventually a system would evolve where outsiders were able to get their hands in places the powers that be didn't like. The conundrum would arise where the bankers exploiting there technological loopholes and regulatory failures would need to either reveal their existence and how they were using them, or cede some of their absolute control to the masses. If they were profiting, they wouldn't want to risk introducing change that would risk them losing sources of income.
Additionally, the initial system would likely, while being proprietary in design, heavily rely on open source code, meaning independent devs would always have their hand in development and work towards an open system.
But the more outside hands were able to influence the system, the more tried be able to shape it, either eventually finding a way to create parallel chains that allowed off-official-chain yet with no way to invalidate on-official-chain, side-chain transactions.
Eventually leading to a system similar to what you describe.
I just think should an esta listed market try something so drastic in its first attempt, they would be shut down before a project ever left the drawing board. I think blockchain technology can be sold easily, but selling anything attached to bitcoin will make people weary before they even hear the plan. And I don't think the bitcoin blockchain could ever have enough extra overhead capacity to support any kind of high frequency trading. It just makes so much more sense to use a purpose built digital blockchain.
@_date: 2019-03-18 03:24:04
Bringing it back to cryptocurrency however, a fixed supply isn't really sustainable, and is still an abstract concept. After all, without mining, in one form or another, Bitcoin could not exist. A proof of stake system cannot exist on its own because inherently, without a precise and ever changing interest rate kept lower than the rate of economic expansion, hoarding would always be more profitable in the long run than investment. Since economic output is an abstract concept on its own, there would be no way to quantify it, and miscalculation of this value will lead to the currency becoming valueless or economic recession. So without supply increasing, no new work is put into the system (since no one will mine if they are not being paid). Charging a fee for use of the currency, to be paid to miners, only works while new currency is being created, as the fee would grow proportiortionally to the value of the currency which would be proportional to the rate of economic expansion. That would leave the theoretical economy in the same place, where no one wants to spend because it is more profitable to hold.
What it comes down to is human nature. Everyone wants something for working. A true fixed value monetary system only works when people are forced to work for free. In fact the economy of today was built out of trial and error of what to do after slavery was abolished. And in fact, it only works because some people are paid far less than the work they put in. The only answer would be to create a form of energy that required no work to harness, maintain and deliver- and even then, machines would need to completely replace human labor. By the time that scenario occurs, humanity will have advanced far past the point at which economics are any longer an issue.
But back to human nature, in a perfect system, either monetary system works. Even in a system where 99% of the principal economy (the workers and people which comprise it) act completely selfless, there would still be the 1% that ruins it for everyone else. Greed is what causes all issues in an economy, and greed exists just as rampantly in a fixed value economy as it does in a fractional reserve economy.
Currently the only answer is economic oversight. Perhaps someday we will be able to create machines/computers that are completely capable of seeing every possible act of greed and stopping it before it occurs, while at the same time adjusting supply to meet economic growth and being able to perfectly predict random events which take value from the economy (like destructive natural disasters) and accounting for them instantaneously, but until then there can be no such thing as an unregulated economy, and where there are unregulated areas, there will be people to exploit them.
Bitcoin uses Moore's law to make a rough estimation of how much energy it would take a block to be mined- that's the foundation it stands on. The idea is that as miners gain in efficiency, the reward for doing x amount of work will remain relatively the same- with halvings to account for explosive technological growth events.
But already there are issues, mining manufacturers exist outside of the economy (i.e. their goal is not *solely* to earn bitcoin, but rather to earn fiat), there are factions such BCH, there is theft, currency is lost forever when passphrases are lost. This cannot be accounted for.
Perhaps most damning is the infighting and the factions that arise. Without regulation or arbitration, disagreements lead to new currencies which instantly divide the principle economies and remove value from one- it's factors like this that will cause issues in either system.
So the question should not be which system is better, but rather, can either a system exist without regulation and oversight? And how can we ensure a completely neutral regulatory body until we have AI capable of seeing intent before an action is taken by a human?
It's an abstract concept, but history has shown us that regulation is necessary in nearly all facets of a working society- and without it, the stronger or the smarter will always enslave those below them in one way or another. In fact, the only reason we in the US can afford an iPhone that took thousands of hours to make (when all the work it took to go from un-mined ray material to finished product is considered), when we ourselves only worked a fraction of that amount of time to earn enough to pay for it, is because hundreds of millions, or even billions, of people are putting in far more work than they are being paid for. Yes technology accounts for some of the difference, but humans are still accountable for the vast majority of the work input of the economy as a whole.
The only thing giving Bitcoin value, is its perceived value and the work put in to harness the energy necessary for mining. Bitcoin is at best an economic experiment, perhaps one that will be refined over the next century to be able to support an economy, but is is far from even being a complete thought.
@_date: 2019-03-26 04:12:20
I think he snapped it up legitimately though. He got bitcoin dot com before anyone had heard of BTC, and he was credited with bringing a lot of the attention of the masses to bitcoin. It was only when the BCH fork rolled around that he switched sides, and only recently that he started acting like a child on it. But I know for a fact that he's had the account since years before the BCH fork and before that, it was in pure support of BTC. 
@_date: 2019-03-24 10:34:42
Bitpay only charges (very low) fees for loading the prepaid Visa Dedit card as well. They only charge fees for ATM withdrawals, ACH transfers (which I don't see why anyone would do), and it's free to get cash back (which they recommend if you want cash), and free for debit card purchases. They apparently also have ATMs that allow free withdrawls- but I've only encountered one participating ATM in my 2 years having the card. Also, the daily limit on purchases is incredibly high and ATM limits are higher than most checking accounts (like $2,400/day and $700/ATM transaction). Refills are instant (provided the input TXs have at least 2-3 confirmations and you don't have the "economy fees" setting on- which saves you like 50 cents.) Depending on network transaction volume, it usually costs at most $1.25 for an instant load- regardless of the amount. As low as 25 cents on off-peak times or if you use BCH (although my deposits are usually BTC, only BCH if I can exchange to it for no fees first).
When I say instant deposit, I mean like ove forgotten to load it while being rung up, been like "shit," loaded the card and paid 15 seconds later (with inputs having first been deposited into the bitpay wallet and confirmed first, but the bitpay wallet is a BIP36 mnemonic seed backup wallet, so it's not like the coins were pre-loaded into a third party account first- it uses the payment protocol though, and since it's all in the same app, it trusts the input.) Plus, even sending directly from a core node to the temporary card deposit addresses allows you to spend after one confirmation.
It was indispensable when I was mining and needed to make withdrawls for the electric bills. Prior to finding out about it, I needed to meet random people on local bitcoins, then sit there for an hour for 6 confirmations before anyone would give me cash because people didn't understand that in order for me to be scamming them after one or two confirms, I'd need access to millions in hash power, perfectly time out 2 transactions and that I would lose tens of thousands if I wanted to scam them.out of their $250- and I'd try to get people to take paper wallets, but since they didn't understand it, they always thought it was a scam. 
Either that or pay 5% fees to cash out at the BTC ATMs. I'd come with a pre-funded paper wallet for convenience sake and always run into people buying some amount close to what I was selling. I'd always offer the deal for us both to save the 5%/10% fee (10% for people buying under $500, 5% for selling), but everyone always thought I was trying to scam them- until I actually withdrew the cash- then they'd want to make the deal. I'd be like, too late, I only fund what I needed- enjoy the fee.
Honestly, I get the p2p thing and how bitpay kinda goes against it, but I highly recommend it to anyone actually trying to use bitcoin practically. Loading the card is an on chain transaction (sort of, obviously the fiat is coming from a bank where they have an account and so do you technically, but the bitcoin transfer is on chain entirely), I've never had an issue (except with denied payments trying to buy $5,000 in miners from Chinese vendors on Aliexpress- but that's a good thing), their fees are incredibly low compared to rival services, they're 10x more convenient than anything else, and until true on chain transactions or LN becomes practical and widely accepted, it allows you to come as close as possible to using BTC for actual transactions. And truthfully, if you support LN, it's not all that different in essence. The only difference is bitpay uses existing technology (Debit Cards) to make BTC practical during the adoption phase and LN is trying to build a new system (that in many ways is similar to the credit card system, but taking some lessons from blockchain) from the ground up and get people to adopt it.
Also, they don't rape you with fees and taxes like Coinbase, or even report to the IRS (technically that's not a "bank's" responsibility anyway).
A great tool for Miners or those who aren't trying to get free money by holding.
@_date: 2019-03-12 12:25:19
I was talking to a cab driver from Africa a couple years ago. I think he was from Ghana, but I can't remember for sure. Anyway, he was saying that the Chinese were buying up thousands of acres of land in Africa. The first thing they'd do is build a razor wire fence and a concrete landing strip. Then they'd start drilling for water (I'd assume they did extensive geological surveys to find areas with viable aquifers.) They'd set up irrigation systems, fly in fertilizers if necessary and start farming- and within a few months they'd be shipping 2 flights a day back to China, have moved in a thousand workers to man the plantation and built up a small, completely isolated city where the farmers lived. They didn't use any local workers- they basically were just buying up all the fertile land in Africa. There's plenty of fertile land there- the problem is the water table is usually too deep for the local people to be able to afford to drill down far enough to be able to get enough water to properly farm it. That and when the locals do actually start farming decently irrigated land, they don't crop rotate and they end up depleting the soil within a few harvests- the Chinese have the manpower, technology and money to take advantage of the land- all they need is cheap land with plenty of sunlight and they can grow year round.
Now according to this guy, they were actively shipping it back- they do already have quite a population to feed, but I also have to assume, based on the scale and the methods he was describing, that they are planning pretty far ahead as well- since mainland China already has plenty of fertile land of it's own and they apparently are buying any land they can get that can be farmed.
@_date: 2019-03-20 17:46:35
I'm not 100% sure what you mean by governments embracing tokenization- as that word has taken on a life of its own.
If you're referring to tokenization of Fiat, that's already in the works, I presume JPMCoin is meant to keep JP Morgan's brokerage activities relevant with tokenization of assets on the NYSE/ICE, once Bakkt can be fully tested with it's useless, yet stable, and zero risk single day expiration bitcoin contracts. JPMCoin, and likely other major brokerages, with special SEC clearance will get approval to tokenize the cash holdings of its users. My guess would be tokenized trading will be limited with similar conditions that currently govern the ability to day trade. Must have a certain portfolio price, near $20,000, and total amount in stocks and cash, along with the volatility of your holdings, will determine a daily token-trade limit.
The way most standard IPOs go is: a bank/brokerage underwrites an asset offering- that is, they essentially buy the shares of the company first for a low amount, say $1/share. The company issues 25% of its stake in the form of 1 million shares, they get $1million. Next the bank brokerage sets a fixed offering price, usually agreed upon by the company, but it need not be always. The company may also choose to tie in incentives like long term European-style options married to the asset. They may also immediately buy some of the created stock prior to the IPO, so they may sell it themselves after the bank has sold all the shares agreed upon- if this is the case, the number of shares the company plans to sell must also be disclosed. The IPO is announced along with the offer price. Now the bank/brokerage goes and tries to sell the stock, say at a pre-determined price of $2/share.
With tokenized assets, It'll likely begin with fully or partially tokenized IPOs (as opposed to conversion of existing assets), underwritten by brokerage houses/banks which will then create the fiat-tokens, rather than the asset, and would create exactly the amount of the total offering. The asset would be created by the market who would serve as the market maker for the IPO. The market maintains the asset blockchain, the bank/broker maintains the fiat blockchain. Would-be IPO buyers would need to purchase fiat tokens from the broker/bank, which they would then exchange for the asset on the markets blockchain. By the end of the day, the market would end up owning all the fiat. Other brokerages would likely be permitted to create fiat token blockchains. But at the end of the day, the market would have collected all the fiat generated that day. The market would show proof to the brokerages, who would pay commission to the market based on how much cash the market cleared for them that day. The fiat blockchains would reset and start fresh the next trading session. Each day the cycle repeats- on a standard day, authorized token traders with a minimum balance could convert any amount of their cash in account into fiat token for trading. Eventually, as more and more assets became converted to fiat, the market maintained blockchain would become the primary way in which trades took place. Execution times would be key. While owners of an asset may be allowed to hold their private key as proof of ownership, trades would most likely still require execution through a broker- and only licensed brokers would have access to the market controlled blockchain.
Due to accounting regulations, any fiat-tokens will likely have a good-for-day expiration, at market close (or a special after hours time) the fiat-tokens will automatically become USD again and secured in account- with the blockchain activity freezing. All fiat-tokens will need to run on private blockchains only during trading hours, although after hours, off-chain or mempool-backlogged transactions may be permitted, all token-fiat will enter a queued state until the next trading session. Side/alt-chain asset-to-asset trading may be allowed, but likely a broker-dealer will be required as an intermediary.
As I see it, blockchain technology will be used in a very centralized manner. Implementation will be slow and deliberate. It will allow for increased oversight, and faster execution of high frequency trades. I doubt permanent tokenization of fiat will be allowed- like I said, allowing transfer of fiat value into something which could be used for a single trading session makes the most sense given the SECs stance. Additionally, the IRS sweeps the balance of every account nightly, so unless all cash was tokenized, none of it will be. And if all fiat became tokenized and auditable, it would completely change the face of society.
I think I completely forgot what we were talking about, but also, I think we were essentially saying the same thing in different ways, so I decided to just focus on how I see the tokenization of regulated markets going. 
@_date: 2019-03-17 22:16:29
Actually, at least in the US, it's not a central bank that has the ability to create money, but the **private banks.** Few people realize this, but the banks have *enormous* power to create wealth.
There's no true central bank in the US banking system. The closest thing would be the Federal Reserve Bank, but they don't have the power to create money. In fact, they can only *print* new currency, by first issuing bonds (on the authorization of congress), in the amount of new currency they print. This, however, is only a small fraction of the new money introduced into the economic system. The bonds they offer are sold to individuals (who buy them as a secured investmemt) with a date on which they must be repaid to the holders (with interest), and their total value becomes part of the national debt. The Federal Reserve can be more aptly thought of as a regular bank which is **much more restricted than normal banks** in its ability to offer loans and create money. It can only issue loans to the federal government, only with the authorization of Congress, and is contractually obligated to repay *the people* who hold the bonds.
**On the other hand, private banks create money everytime they issue a loan to an individual, a business, the US (or any) government, or *another bank*.**
The Federal Reserve, besides having the ability to issue loans to the US government, has two other important powers: It sets the *Reserve Rate,* an important number that is used as a benchmark that has a direct effect on all lending (often this number is discussed in its effect on mortgage interest rates, as this is something that directly effects consumers.) But **what the Federal Interest/Reserve Rate directly represents, is the percentage of loaned funds a bank must have deposited as security (in case of default), on loans they give out.** The Federal Reserve Bank's third duty is to hold the security deposits from the private banks. The Federal Reserve Rate also serves directly as the interest rate at which private banks loan other banks money at (similar to the Lloyd's of London Rate in the UK).
*As an example...* Say the Reserve Rate is 10% (I forget it's current value, but this makes the math easy to see). J.P. Morgan/Chase Bank loans $10,000 to an individual to purchase a used car. In case that individual drives off the lot and totals the car, the bank needs to ensure that the $10,000 value is not *destroyed* and *removed* from the economy. In order to do this, they must create **double the value of the loan,** $20,000. $10,000 is transferred to the individual to buy the car, and $10,000 is created for security... 
**Here's where it gets a little convoluted...** Not only was JP Morgan/Chase Bank allowed to issue the loan and create the principal and the security value it actually *only needs to have 10% (the Reserve Rate)* on deposit with the Federal Reserve Bank as actual security. So that means for that $10,000 loan, JP Morgan/Chase Bank now has $9,000 it can do anything with (along with being owed another $10,000 plus whatever interest it decided to charge, should the loan taker make good on the loan)...
So what does it do with that money? Well, since it can loan to another individual without first needing the actual cash, it uses the cash for something it actually needs cash for- like allowing withdrawals from customers who have money deposited, OR, more profitably, loaning money to another bank, say Citi Bank (who needs money because it gave all of its banking customers money away to loans which are now defaulting- in this hypothetical).
And that $9,000, when loaned to another bank, *must still be secured, in case the other bank defaults.* So **another $9,000 is created,** $900 is made as a deposit to the Federal Reserve Bank, and $9,000 is given to Citi Bank. Now Citi Bank can lend whatever it has left to another bank AND JP Morgan/Chase has $8,100 MORE it can lend. This inter-bank lending continues until it eventually cascades down to nothing, **AND THE RESULT IS $100,000 OF BRAND NEW MONEY HAVING BEEN CREATED, BY PRIVATE BANKING INSTITUTIONS, ALL FROM ONE BANK ISSUING A $10,000 LOAN TO AN INDIVIDUAL.** (Chase, in this example would have benefited the most, but every intermediary bank in the inter-bank lending chain would get some of the spoils).
The Federal Reserve Bank holds onto their $10,000 of the newly created $100,000 to use for bailouts in case over 10% of all money loaned by a bank ends up defaulting, the bank goes under and needs to be bailed out. (technically $110,000 was created when including the $10,000 the Federal Reserve Bank holds, provided the initial person to take the loan does not default).
**THE IDEA IS:** The person that bought the car now *needs* to work to repay the initial loan. Since they owe interest, along with the amount paid hopefully being more than the actual value of the car bought, the amount of work the person must do to repay what they owe will be more than they initially borrowed, leading to work being pumped into the infrastructure of the US, and a better place for us all to live in. Giving the banks the exclusive ability to create the wealth, prevents governmental corruption and overspending, and takes the authority out of one central bank's hands- leading to crisis like in Kenya or the Weinmar Republic.
Of course in reality, people (mostly executives) are overpaid, and act selfishly with their money, meaning that work to repay the loan is actually primarily going to only benefit the ones who earn more than they work. Of course inflation also becomes a major issue, but the system assumes a perfect socialist-capitalist mashup where people don't act selfishly, everyone is paid fairly and it all evens out in the end. Realistically, the system was created by the most wealthy to broaden the wealth gap more than ever possible. And it's fair because banks are private and anyone can own one (not really, but that's what's assumed for the system to work). But that's a gross oversimplification as well, because the system was designed to fix a failed one which was much more simple...
Now before everyone goes wondering how such a complicated system came to be, when such a simple system like Bitcoin (or cryptocurrencies in general) make so much more sense: **THE SYSTEM FORMED AFTER THE FAILURE OF A DIRECT, PRIVATE, LIMITED-REGULATION, MONETARY SYSTEM COMPLETELY COLLAPSED.** 
Yep, it's true, durring the later half of the Nineteenth Century, a system extremely similar to the cryptocurrency space today, ran the monetary policy. The similarities were striking... unregulated exchanges ran the market, and due to the lack of regulation and the existence of so many exchanges, a few were able to grossly manipulate the prices. There was a currency for every purpose and every geographical area. Almost anyone could create their own currency and the dilution led to large currencies rapidly losing value. Spending was nearly impossible as no one wanted to accept such unstable currency, that fluctuated in value every day and could go bankrupt at any time. We were about reduced back to a complete barter system before the most wealthy stepped in, and with a little help from the Fed, created the beginnings of the debt based Private Banking system of today. But the government was still committed to giving the banking industry the ability to work unregulated. That worked until it didn't and led to the Great Depression. Finally the government stepped in with (what at the time was) very heavy regulation of the banking sector. Slowly, with every recession and near economic collapse which required government intervention, more regulation was introduced. Then when the government kinda fucked up again, Regan gave much of the power that had been stripped from the banks, back and drove the final nail leading to the coffin of an economic system we have today.
**So the moral of the story is: All banking systems to date have assumed a perfect society without greed. A system just like cryptocurrency has been tried before and failed (as it too assumes a perfect world, free of all greed and corruption). And while we may not like it, history has shown us that regulation may be necessary for any economic system to work- the key is a system of checks and balances. Perhaps multi-governmental regulation could provide that- but without any regulation there's bound to be those few that spoil it for everyone.
@_date: 2018-10-06 01:36:08
Anyone who bought their first bitcoin after 2015 is not an "early adopter." As much as those of you who bought their first cryptocurrency after the late 2017 over-hype would like to think they're some sort of progressive "early adopter," the truth is you just hopped on the crypto-bandwaggon once it achieved mainstream coverage and adoption. You can still be early adopters by getting involved with true blockchain 2.0 projects. 
The reason bitcoin shot up in price so much last year is that a complete change in the crypto landscape occured. Markets came into play, coinbase and similar made buying with fiat easy.
It used to be that miners set the price, because you could really only get bitcoin from miners. With each release of new ASIC generations, the would be a short, yet significant period where mass amounts of BTC would be mined prior to difficulty adjustment. Miners who were lucky enough to get the tech at its inception (very often, and in most cases, the creators of the tech themselves) would be able to mine mass amounts and sell at a discount.
Now there is a mass surplus. The fraction of bitcoins bought that actually come from newly minted coins is miniscule.
The price would be 2% of what it is now, except people bought at overinflated prices and refuse to sell. Bag-holders who were true early adopters keep the market pumped, particularly early adopters of top altcoins who can dump their altcoins en-masse to pump bitcoin. That and the fact markets, unsubjected to regulation, prevent price drops to keep commission revenue high. Add to that the 70% of trading done by bots and 80% done by high frequency bots of interconnected pump and dump groups.
Adoption of bitcoin from a practical point of view is rapidly decreasing. If you look at merchants accepting BTC, it has dramatically decreased from last year. So practically, there's no reason for any mass spike in price.
The price of bitcoin is driven solely by poor speculation. And when the top analysts predictions fell through at the end of 2017, most people stopped listening to "it's going to hit 80k).
So what's left is the over-enthusiests who still believe baseless claims and the bag holders that would rather be a bitcoin millionaire than sell and cause the price drop that would ensue 10% through to earn them 1/10th of their paper wealth.
That strategy is only viable is BTC isn't taxed. Once governments are able to enforce taxation of BTC, bag holders will be forced to sell, or pay exuberant taxes on something actually worth 1/10th of its paper value.
@_date: 2018-10-15 17:15:09
That's still a descending triangle. A steep descending triangle...
THIS IS REALLY LONG, PLEASE TAKE THE TIME TO READ IT. I BELIEVE I'VE MADE SOME VERY GOOD POINTS.
FOR THOSE OF YOU WITH SHORT ATTENTION SPANS, I PUT A TL;DR AT THE END, SO YOU CAN JUST SKIP AHEAD TO THAT.
People always quote about  bitcoins previous lows and how it always came back... well proportionally, has a crash ever come so fast initially, and then gradually continued to decrease for a year? 
WAKE UP! Bitcoin is not being suppressed by governments or on it's way to $20,000. Mining is over, for a year the difficulty has been too high for anyone besides the pools and Bitmain to make any money (and what a great business model: "buy our machines at a 10,000% markup and then use your machine to earn us money- 0% fees, we just keep the 3-20% of the block reward that's the transaction fee and decide which chain to point your power at.") SO NO, BITCOIN NO LONGER ALLOWS YOU TO `PRINT YOUR OWN MONEY'.
And USDT, along those lines...Then how about the fact that 80% of BTC's fiat backing comes from USDT. That most of BTC's daily volume is just it moving back and forth between USDT and itself and coins that trade with USDT. Then we calculate the market cap as if it's some sort of real number. You can't calculate a total market cap for a floating currency (one time BTC was pegged in a sort to the cost of electric to mine it, that was supposed a key factor. Now there's so much surplus, I really don't know why anyone mines anymore... at least 80% of miners must be in the red. Only the pool you mine for actually earns. 
And in 18 months when the next reward halving occurs- since it won't cause an increase in price due to the mass surplus, it means it will render mining so unprofitable that in one go, 50% of the net hashrate will disappear.
Since the bitcoin devs let the most prosperous period in the history of the coin be marred with transaction fees making a transaction under $1,000 impractical, do you expect anyone to be prepared for that event? No, and forces smart enough to see the impending doom- bag-holders who make your 5BTC fortune look like 5 cents will sell in droves. Price will plummet 95% overnight as the once-crypto billionaires scramble to get even 5 cents on the dollar for the tens or hundreds of thousands, sometimes millions of BTC they hold.
Want evidence? It's hard to find since most blockchain trackers don't want to show the facts that make bitcoin look bad, but analyze the "rich list" and see what really caused the dramatic collapse 11 months ago. It wasn't a chain reaction brought on by those who bought at ATH trying to subvert losses, it was the top holders selling off as much as they could, in a programmatic fashion, so as to keep the orderbooks as stacked and high as possible, so they could sell as much as they could for as much cash as possible. Then why did they stop? BECAUSE THEY KNEW THAT AS LONG AS THEY KEPT THE PRICE HIGH ENOUGH AFTER IT ALL, THERE WOULD ALWAYS BE ENOUGH OF A MASS DELUSION AFOOT TO BRING THE PRICE BACK UP EVENTUALLY. Maybe not as high again, but IT'S NOT ABOUT PRICE FOR BAG-HOLDERS, IT'S ABOUT  ORDERBOOKS, THE DENSITY OF PURCHASE ORDERS. BECAUSE IF BUYERS WANT A CUMULATIVE 10,000BTC AT AN AVERAGE PRICE OF 4,500, IT MAKES NO DIFFERENCE WHAT THE PRICE OF BTC IS AT THE MOMENT (WHICH WOULD BE THE HIGHEST SOMEONE IS WILLING TO PAY, AND IT COULD BE FOR .01BTC) DOES NOT MATTER. THAT PERSON JUST KNOWS THEY CAN SELL 10,000 BTC FOR AN AVERAGE OF 4,500.
SO EVERYTIME BTC PRICE SPIKES &lt;b&gt;IT WILL ALWAYS&lt;/b&gt;PLUMMET.
A good metric is not the meaningless momentary price, but the price as a function of bid depth. If a few people are willing to pay $6900 for a total of 3 BTC, it's meaningless. So you want to know how stable bitcoin is, how much it's really worth at the moment, just check the books. Go 10/100/1,000/Total BTC deep and 1,000/10,000/100,000/1,000,000/Total USD[T] deep. Look the average price of the purchase book. The minimum, the total. The ratio (across all markets) of bids to asks, the ratio of total bid depth, how much USD[T] total could be earned if someone sold through it? How much BTC could be sold before there was no one left to buy? (also keeping in mind that while some may submit more purchases as the price drops, most would see the clear selloff and try to sell as well.)
No look at the holdings in the top 10 addresses. Keep in mind those are just addresses, and wallets hold hundreds or thousands of addresses. Also, someone with tens of thousands of BTC is likely smart enough to keep it multiple addresses. So those 10 richest addresses are just the tip of the iceberg. But still, I'd bet that if just half sold out, BTC would drop to nothing.
I'll leave you with this, what give bitcoin its value? It used to be the energy required to mine it, but with markets, the abundance of altcoins to trade freely with, the lack of ANY market to spend it (save the illicit ones and the few merchants who may accept it, but peg the cost of their items at local currency, not BTC, so they haven't adopted it, they're just willing to upcharge you to use it in return for the inconvenience of exchanging it), there is surely a mass surplus. So is it the 21mil cap? But if I can spend less than a ten thousandth of a bitcoin, that's like saying "we're only ever printing a million `thousand dollar bills`" but they can be traded in for pennies. Well, things will never cost `5 ten thousand dollar bills,` they'll cost 10 pennies. So 21mil bitcoin can be multiplied by its smaller divisible number- and decreasing the size of that divisible is just the same as inflation, because now there are more units to spend (which has always been the case, $20 worth of weed on the silk road was 20BTC at a time, 9 years later before alpha bay fell when BTC was in the thousands, $20 worth of weed was a fraction of a bitcoin.) The USD is backed in the cumulative effort of the population, revenue generated by overseas commerce (and yes, the global war machine, corruption, falsification, etc- I'm not a proponent of fiat, don't confuse my point.) Companies have earnings, generated by work, innovation, machines and people- that's what gives stocks actual value (although you'd be hard pressed to find a P/E ratio below 2, so mass delusion has its foot in every cup.) My point is, everything points towards bitcoins demise, I too was once as wide eyed and enthusiastic about crypto, but I was riding the wave of delusion, making thousands a week. I don't see how anyone can still believe bitcoin will explode.
-Bitcoin may rise in price, but every time there is a dramatic spike in price, bag-holders will use the opportunity to sell off as much as possible, without causing a price drop high enough to cause a chain reaction leading to its end. 
-21 Million cap has no meaning when all purchasable goods are pegged to local currency and it can be divisible into 1 ten thousandth or less.
-The only thing giving BTC its value is mass delusion, propaganda by those who hold and wish to sell much more BTC than there is a market for.
-Look at the cumulative orderbooks, how much BTC is really up for purchase. Now look at the rich list (top bitcoin addresses by holdings- remember these are just addresses and wallets hold hundreds or thousands of them). How many top addresses would need to sell off in order to bring bitcoin to nothing in an instant?
-Why don't they sell off? They do. But they want the maximum they can get. That means waiting until there is a high purchase order density near a target price.
-That being said, a much better set of metrics to look at, rather than meaningless price, which is just what the top person is willing to pay for a small amount of coin, have to do with the orderbook. Of particular interest (to those holding the majority of the bitcoin wealth) is 1000BTC sale average (i.e. look at the purchase order book 1000BTC deep and determine A, what the price would be after a sale that size and B, what would be the average cost per coin when all was said and done.)
-Bitmain marks up their equipment 100X and then has its purchasers pay them to give them supreme hashing power and charges them hidden fees in the form of taking the transaction fee part of the block reward (which makes up up to 50%+ of the block reward during times of high txfees, 4-7% during normal times.)
-There is nothing left giving BTC intrinsic value.
-At this point, BTC is propped up by no more than mass delusion, careful manipulation and what can only be dubbed propaganda put out by the holders of mass amounts.
-USDT holds 85% of BTC's fiat value, if it was to tank, be exposed, etc., it would spell the end of BTC surely.
INSTEAD OF BLINDLY INSULTING THIS BECAUSE YOU DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT, WHY DON'T YOU MAKE AN ARGUMENT SUPPORTING YOUR SIDE, IF YOU BELIEVE OTHERWISE. SO MANY POSSIBLE ARE GRASPING AT STRAWS HERE.
@_date: 2018-10-16 12:06:16
Actually bought beginning of 2017 for under 1k, mined from then up until it's peak and sold at $17k. So no, I did believe in it, dedicated a year of my life to understanding it thoroughly, understanding the technology, understanding the dynamics and moving on to technologies that reward users for dedicating actual useful computation, in systems that are governed by reason, not blind belief.
@_date: 2019-03-17 23:20:42
100% in agreement. I've been saying this since the beginning. "HODLing" is the greatest poison to the growth of cryptocurrency. People say that "they would never spend a bitcoin" (as if they sold at high points, they'd be unable to ever purchase again, but that's another story) and at the same time complain about lack of adoption. THERE CAN BE NO ADOPTION OF CRYPTOCURRENCY AS A PAYMENT SYSTEM IF THERE'S NO SPENDING.
Then I'd get downvoted and accused of being paid to say that- or cursed out. I always took the time to make a reasonable argument and ask for one in return. I'd get plenty of angry replies, but no one could ever argue that fact. I came to the conclusion that cryptocurrency "HODLers" (not all users of cryptocurrency, by any means, but the ones expecting to get rich by "HODLing") are just so brainwashed to believe that just because bitcoin has a capped supply, it has value, that they can no longer comprehend reason. I like to use the example that "I may only take 21 million shits in my life, and most are flushed away forever, but that doesn't mean they'll somehow have more value when I'm dead and no more will be produced."
In my view, cryptocurrency has become something akin to baseball or pokemon cards- a collector's item. The issue is, some collector's items have growing value, because they are rare and there is steady demand, but if I could cut a rare baseball card into ten thousand pieces, the resultant scraps of paper would be worthless. If they did have value equivalent to their share of the original, then every card would be worth less, because anyone could own a piece- it would no longer be special to own, I would no longer be unique in owning it.
This mantra on never selling, was a clever device created by the early holders of the coins who had millions. Spread through free forums, convincing mass droves of people to buy their "currency" from them, for thousands of dollars which they could actually spend- and in exchange the buyer got a fraction of one bit of a "currency" he was told not to spend. Why? So the suppliers could remain exclusively the initial holders.
It's the definition of a pyramid scheme. The only real function it had was as a temporary store of value, for anonymous transfer of funds for illicit purchases, and that market has decreased with every new "legitimate" investor.
There's a reason why every peak has been followed by an immediate drop in price. The holders of hundreds of thousands or more coins need to slowly, artificially pump the price, during periods of low trade volume, so when the market responds with increased interest and subsequent spike in price, they can unload a maximum amount of their holdings without causing a complete price collapse.
Yes there's some massive wealth gaps in the USD, but even if Jeff Bezos spent all his cash in an hour, it wouldn't effect the price of the USD. There's a few people that could destroy the entire bitcoin price by selling off. Markets are unable to sell their commissions at a rate equal to what they earn them without having significant negative impact on the price.
All these forces are competing to sell off their holdings before the price hits zero. They make up the largest sale volume and are the loudest people shouting "BUY and HOLD." That's not a sustainable system.
Yes the US/world economic system isn't perfect either, but people fail to realize that the extremely elementary system of a direct, private/open monetary system has been tried and failed- only then did the system we use today emerge and still only after many trials and errors.
People have learned all about economics from reading this sub and believe they have more knowledge than those with PhD's in economics. They think they're geniuses for "supporting" cryptocurrency at its "early stages." The intelligent ones were the ones who actually created the system and managed to create a massive, self sustaining Ponzi Scheme that people will willingly buy into and hold through the golden age every Ponzi scheme sees, right up until they've lost everything, because the true early adopters tell them to.
The debt based economic system assumes a perfect system, devoid of speculation, greed and corruption, in certain parts, but at least it accounts for the imperfections of a society in some aspects. A more simplistic system like bitcoin simply assume a completely perfect system- one which can not possibly be sustained in nature.
But still, people think they are geniuses for hopping on a bandwagon with everyone else, saying "it's so simple, why didn't anyone think of it before." When plenty of nearly parallel cases have existed throughout history if they would just take the time to look.
Blockchain technology (or more aptly, digital, decentralized blockchain technology) is in fact a revolutionary technology- when efficiently implemented. If cryptocurrency was indeed the impetus for the creation of said technology, then it was not a failure by any means. And can a successful monetary system come about which makes use of the technology? Yes. But until humans have evolved to a perfect form, with a society free of any who would profit from the work of others, then regulation is necessary.
@_date: 2018-10-12 06:49:33
It's about knowing when to get in, and when to get out. I was in at $724 and out at $17k just before it spiked about  $2k higher and then plummeted. Then I invested in NVDA and AMD and got out 2 weeks ago, invested in IGC for a 300% gain in less than a week then cashed out of the market. My cue to sell BTC was the failure to adopt a proper scaling technique and the exponential increase in mempool size near ATH. My cue to pull out of AMD and NVDA was the severe downgrade by analysts. IGC had some metrics that couldn't be ignored.  I bought it after a day and a half being up 150% at around $2/share with strong upward indicators. It peaked above $8 and then dropped to around $5.40/share. I sold. Then cashed out because after a record setting year, month and then week for the market, I knew it was about to burst. Crypto (mainly BTC) would need to decrease tremendously in order to be a viable currency on its own. I'll be counting my winnings and holding USD for the foreseeable future. I no longer am clinging to false predictions about crypto that will never come to fruition. And I quit my job to mine throughout late 2016/end 2017, and trade full time, so I know what I'm talking about.
@_date: 2018-10-12 09:38:56
I believe in the concept more than the asset itself. 2017 changed everything with the advent of the age of markets, ICOs that sprung up like weeds, mass price manipulation by trading groups,  bag holders, bots and markets, the degree of misconceptions and the rise of the altcoin as well as the regular practice of "forking" (in quotes since the altcoins airdropped proportionally to BTC weren't real forks, just clone coins using the BTC userbase to gain instant interest.) I wanted no more to do with it.  
I've moved on to development of blockchain 3.0 abstract solutions and products. Difficult work, but very rewarding and much more productive than running up $6g electric Bill's spending the days 6
@_date: 2019-03-12 13:10:52
I'd say a general engineer's mindset would be what was required. The ability to problem solve. It's funny, up until maybe 50 years ago, I'd say most people had a fairly well rounded skillset. You didn't need to have a degree in architecture to build a house, and the architect didn't need to hire a carpenter to build the frame and an electrician to run the wiring.
When my father was 21, he built a 24 foot fiberglass sailboat from scratch. No one taught him how to do it, he just decided he wanted a boat one day. So he sketched out a rough blueprint based on drawing in a book he had read, went out and got the lumber and balsa for the frame and spent every day after he got out of his job working on it. Eventually he bought an old, broken down, 30hp marine diesel engine, rebuilt it and dropped it in. He planed down a ~30 ft mast, built up the cabin and sewed the nylon sails with his late mother's sewing machine. After about 10 years he bought a bigger sailboat, but he kept the one he built and (now in his late 60s) just recently decided to sell the other one and put the one he built back in the water- besides a bees nest or two that had found their way in over the 20 years it had been out of commission in his back yard, and it needing a new engine (as the almost 50 year old one had corroded beyond repair) he got it ready to sail again in a month.
He also welded the trailer from scratch so he could tow it back to the water (he had originally had it brought to his house by someone else).
He also completely rebuilt a house, including putting the corner of the house on jacks single handedly demoing and re-laying a third of the stone foundation.
I was lucky enough to inherit some of those traits- but I lack the patience and attention to detail he has- so while I can look at what materials are available to me and knowing what needs to get done, accomplish most complex tasks without being taught, I tend to produce much rougher solutions- simply practical- while he's able to produce results that look like they came from a mold.
He also built a computer controlled CNC machine in 1988, completely from scratch- including making the control boards and writing the drivers in straight C, on a feeding printer (with no monitor and before there was an internet to reference code from or even higher level C libraries). I recently found the code for it- about 400 pages long with the handwritten marks from debugging it using only a set of LEDs and by observing the behavior of the machine.
Nowadays, most people can't even paint their own house. 
@_date: 2019-08-14 19:04:39
They originally said no ACH, but considering how illegal it is to deny people access to their funds, they reversed that decision in about a week. Although many people have issues with getting ACHs to go through.
Western Union doesn't work, but Walmart's service does. There are some other options I posted as reply on another comment.
@_date: 2019-02-09 14:27:26
There really wouldn't be much to do besides ride it out for anyone that bought at that price. No one was going to sell for a massive loss a week later, and until it dipped below $8k, there was still a fairly decent argument to be made of an impending recovery. By that point losses would have been so high that it's an understandable to have the mindset of hoping for an against-the-odds reversal- especially since you can't exactly write off Crypto losses.
What I don't understand is the people that "would never sell." I sold at $17k and have bought back in a few times. Partly due to luck and partly due to good analysis of trends I've consistently profited, although I've been pretty conservative compared to my investments in 2017. I bought $500 worth on a whim, just for laughs, a few days ago and set up a stop loss at $3589 a few minutes ago.
I mean it's economics 101. Buy low, sell high. There's definitely been times where it's been obvious that bitcoin was in for a long bear run and a few times since 2017 highs that have signaled a decent bull run. Reversals after bull runs have generally been longer lasting than the inverse and short, steep climbs have been very predictable after several days in the far oversold territory. There are a few other indicators I use but those are my main rules. I may have missed out on some opportunities to gain but I've managed to always come out on top. If I didn't live in NY and could use the services (without faking my IP, identity and address- putting me at risk of loss if being found out) I would have made a killing leveraging put options/taking short positions.
If the stars start to all align again, I'll go all in again like I did in the start of 2017. But my signal then was the changing face of cryptocurrency. Particularly the explosion of markets and the mainstream ways to purchase and exchange for fiat.
I can say that I've never regretted selling the times I did- but my friends who ignored my advice to sell in late 2017 sure have- and the ones that ignored my warnings to buy: even more so.
I've also never been faced with any shortage when I wanted to buy back in. So why "HODL"? Are people genuinely afraid of the supply running out? Do they think BTC will hit $100,000 overnight? Is it that whatever services they use to exchange with fiat charges some extreme commission, or withholds and reports massive amounts in taxes on every exchange transaction- negating the upsides of low-frequency active trading?
I'm not trying to be sarcastic or facetious, I genuinely am curious of why so many people see holding through obvious long-term bearish conditions to be necessary or advantageous.
@_date: 2019-02-11 17:07:20
Honestly, I'd have to agree with you. There's a reason why I'm trying to sell all my miners.
I'd sell them on Ebay, but for the hassle, it's not even worth what I'd get for them. The real hassle is that I refuse to do what PayPal has been asking me for 18 months to unlock my account... Long story short, I sold some BTC on Ebay (mining profits to pay electric- I could sell 25-30% over market there). This was before PayPal had any policy about it, and a customer service supervisor even told me (which a rep later acknowledged they had the recording of) that "there was nothing wrong with using PayPal to receive payments for bitcoin."
I stopped selling on Ebay after a month because 35% of buyers were scams and stolen accounts, and the best I could do to verify identity wasn't much- plus PayPal would automatically side with the buyer 100% of the time, so even with legit buyers, half of them would open disputes, knowing they would win by default (any item with "electronic delivery" does not qualify for seller protection- i.e. if a claim is opened, it's not even reviewed- same goes for downloadables and e-giftcards). 2 months after I made my last sale, my PayPal was restricted completely (no purchases, sales, deposits, withdrawls.) This had happened before, another consequence of selling BTC through Ebay- they volume of disputes marked my account high risk. But they didn't just want the usual photo ID selfies and a captcha, they wanted me to **PRINT OUT AN AFFIDAVIT, WHERE I WAS TO ASSERT THAT I KNOWINGLY VIOLATED PAYPAL'S TERMS OF SERVICE, SIGN AND NOTARIZE IT, AND MAIL IT TO THEIR LEGAL DEPARTMENT!"** The thing was, I never violated their TOS, they must have realized that since they were serving as payment processor, they could be partly responsible for failing to comply with (mostly NYS where I live) laws governing KYC/AML and crypto. I called and spoke with several reps, who even pulled up the old phone call where a supervisor told me it was ok, and they all agreed that I was correct- that the cryptocurrency part of the TOS was not there when I had sold and it can't apply retroactively. But not even the supervisors could override it, they said it was locked by the legal department. I spent hours trying to fight it. I eventually gave up, with $750 still locked in the account. A few months ago, I sent an email to PayPal saying I would sue them in small claims court- they sent me a check for the remainder of my account but still refuse to unlock it (I guess they see that as potentially incriminating them or invalidating a defense if they were to ever be prosecuted- although unlikely.)
** _BACK TO MINING_ **
I ran about 25 machines (including GPU rigs), mostly S9s, some L3+s, Baikal A900s and Bs, a few D3s and an X3 near the end, plus a bunch of GPU rigs. I started in Jan, 2017 (when the difficulty/price ratio was an order of magnitude lower).
I ran them in **my house** (so no rent), my basement to be exact. I did all the wiring myself (I'm not an electrician, but helping my dad restore a 100 year old home from the foundation up when I was a kid helped me learn a lot, and I'm an engineer so a lot of things just come natural to me.) I knew what I was doing, code wasn't an issue (although I was expecting the cops to show up with a warrant thinking I was growing weed lol.)
But my point is, my overhead was $0. My electric was also $0.125/KWh on peak and $0.098/KWh off peak: ~$0.115/KWh overall. That's some of the lowest in the country. My electric bill was still upwards of $1,750 (although much lower in the winter and not just due to the cooling needed in the summer).
My set up, and I suggest you use the same principles: I removed a window and replaced it with a sheet of plywood to close it up and then created a base shelf with 2x4 beams for supportand a sturdy plywood surface. I used a sawsall to cut a hole for my industrial circular fan and cut out the remaining opening for that, at the bottom. I Then affixed 2" thick foam-board insulation to the exterior and sealed it up with that expanding spray foam sealant insulation. I then cut 3 ~8" diameter circular holes into the top. From the exterior, I inserted elbow ducts placed at a 45 angle downwards (to keep rain out and deflect the hot exhaust away from the intake), finally, I capped that with some mesh and sealed the exit point with spray foam insulation. I ran 8" insulated, aluminum flexi-ducting to the top holes and connected it to the elbows with brackets and thermal foil tape (good stuff). Then, using 4"x4" square duct to 4" flexi-ducting brackets, I put those on the exhausts of each miner (people say this can create back-pressure but only if piping many miners into a 4" duct), then take 2 miners and get a 2x-4" to 1x-6" adapter. Then 6 miners can go into a 3x-6" to 1x-8" adapter and connect that to your main insulated run outside. The insulated ducting is much more expensive and harder to work with, and also had to find in 4", but if you can, use all insulated ducting as the flexi-ducting tends to dissipate heat. What I did was buy special insulation tape and wrap the uninsulated ducting and keep that part short.
For every 6 Miners, add another fan and another 8" exhaust. DO NOT USE EXHAUST FANS. The beauty of this design is it not only lacks back pressure, but it prevents back pressure and aids the miner fans. Why? Because, done right, and with a powerful enough intake fan(s), the pressure inside the room will increase slightly (not enough to make a thermodynamic difference), the only escape (or the easiest) escape for the pressure is through the miners and out the ducting.
In the summer, you should get a standing AC unit with a ducted exhaust, just cut out an extra hole in your window for the AC exhaust and place the AC directly in front of your rack of miners. One 10,000BTU AC per 10-15 miners in close proximity. Leave the fan running but ensure the miners are at the far corner of the room from the fan. You'll also want to place one or two small fans on the floor blowing towards the intake of the AC and possibly another 2 to ensure the AC reaches higher shelves.
You will want to lower the fan to i lowest power, but keep it running to keep the circulation. The AC will be pulled directly into the miners. The room may feel warm, but you should notice that the miners are running nice and cool- adjust the fans that direct the AC and the fans on each miner to create the most efficient airflow pattern.
There's certainly more than one way to approach this, but you'll really want to have the miners exhaust directly outside or you'll never get full efficiency. When I first started, I simply put 3 miners right at the window, sealed the gaps with the packing foam they came in and opened the other window in the room. You could feel the power of the intake. Improvise. If you pay a pro at every step, you'll never break even.
Good luck, it seems like you see what you're getting into though and are just doing it for fun and to contribute to the ecosystem. Even in the best time to mine since 2014, with the newest available equipment at the time, no other expenses, a multi-algo set up and custom written profit switching scripts, it was still never more financially beneficial for me than had I bought what was invested (although that was partly due to one of my investing partners forcing me to make a decision that I knew was wrong and sell strategic altcoin accumulations just days before the 3 coins shot up 100,000%, 12,000% and 8,000%- as I had predicted. But he had more cash invested so my hands were tied).
Profit mining... look into that as well... Awesome Miner is a good place to start- it automates mostly everything. So many shitcoins have been abandoned since the fall but are still worth much more to mine than bitcoin. If you're mining on nicehash, you're not mining bitcoin (necessarilly) anyway. Check Whattomine.com and coinwarz.com as well.
@_date: 2019-02-24 22:55:42
Along those lines, I was watching GDAX's live BTC/USD order feed for a couple hours late last night and have had it up on my secondary monitor while I've worked today...
Every few minutes, methodically, a purchase (of BTC **with** USD) goes through, *immediately* followed by an *identical sale* (of BTC **for** USD) of the **exact same** amount (down to the satoshi).
The amounts are seemingly random, ranging from as low as under $10USD to as high as $1,250USD+. They only occur when the spread is one cent (or possibly lower, as the feed only has the spread resolution at the cent). Their frequency has picked up substantially since the 30 minute plummet this morning (on the Western side of the world), as has the average transactional value.
They often (not in majority, but enough to be statistically significant) seem to precede a small increase in BTC price (usually around $1USD over the following minute). They are always for a loss (buying one cent above the price they sell at exactly 3-4 seconds later- although never more than a total loss of 1 cent, and I'm unsure of the resolution of their books, so if the loss is under a cent- i.e. because the amount is less than $1000USD, I'm unsure if that ends up a loss of a fraction of a cent or if it's rounded for no book loss). 
Book loss aside, additionally, commission would surely be costing a tremendous amount (*unless the trades are being carried out by **Coinbase/GDAX themselves** or there's some sort of commission free account I'm unaware of.)
Since I haven't been keeping an exact running total of these trades (and the historical fees is limited to the past 100 trades- at least through the API I'm using), my estimate would be *at least* $250,000 of artificial volume in as little as 12 hours.
They are not showing in the order book feed prior to execution, and the speed at which they execute suggest they must be conducted by a bot (or possibly a non-transpatlrent trailing stop loss order- although I'm unsure GDAX allows such types of complex orders).
My theories are: a misconfigured bot- but it would be assumed such a mistake would have been caught by now. Possibly a bot designed to eat through small resistance when the next ask price is a step up over 1 cent + the loss in comission (although I've witnessed most cases this would not be the case). GDAX artificially pumping their volume (while the trades are averaging a maximum of $300-$500, with the occasional over $2000+, considering the high frequency of them leads to them adding up fast).
I think the last makes the most sense, as GDAX wouldn't be losing more than a cent (if that) on these trades as they don't need to worry about the costs of commission.
As to what the motivations could be, your guess is as good as mine: small pushes to inflate the price, GDAX trying to show increased volume, etc.
@_date: 2019-02-07 02:28:10
Actually, I did do extensive research. My conclusion would be that, yes, it is far technologically superior to a thumb drive.
I still think they're over-priced for their functionality.
For instance- while encrypted data is much more susceptible to corruption, due to the security holes in stream ciphers and the need for padding in block ciphers- and a hard coded EMV-like chip being much more resilient than standard NV-ROM Flash storage, considering the price of a 2GB-4GB (if you can still find ones that small) microSD card being around $2.50, and it being hard to argue that 5 redundant copies of an encrypted, master HD-seed stored on SD flash would last just as long. Considering the data which can be stored in sophisticated QR codes which can be etched onto any medium- that also would make for safe, long-term/cold storage. Most jewelers could do the etching for cheap and since the key is pre-encrypted, even if they were to know what they were engraving, they couldn't decrypt it.
$20 could get you a combination of ways to store the data. $30 could get you 20 blank NFC cards and an NFC writer- for a different kind of redundant backup.
Than there's always the old paper wallets with an HD seed encrypted, stored in a QR and file/locked away. Or simply memorizing a mnemonic seed and derivation- with a back up like above if you're worried about your memory.
What if the Trezor was stolen? They might not be able to get into your coins, but neither could you. **Which is why I say multiple encrypted (unlabeled, so no one knows what it is either) is always better than one.
Next, for cold storage, great (but like I've mentioned, there are many other options.) But if you're using the hardware wallet for hot storage, every time it's hooked up to a phone or computer, and a transaction is made, it's decrypted. Not only that, but those chips it uses can only store (at maximum) a passphrase composed of digits and usually only 6-10 digits long (depending on the exact chip). It's possible to brute force that- still not easy- but possible- whereas encrypting yourself you can make 5 copies with 5 different 20-word passphrases- complete with special characters, uppercase, lowercase and digits. If you forgot one pass because you made them too long, or let too much time pass, you'd have backups just as secure and hopefully you'd remember at least one pass.
I still say the main issue is security at the point of spending- where the xpriv needs to be decoded- there's no way to secure that anymore than to secure your network and external device as best as possible and that will always be the weakest link.
My original "flash drive" statement was meant to be facetious (my apologies) and was a gross oversimplification. But it doesn't change the fact that (considering their parts) are marked up about 12x their cost to manufacture (including parts and labor) and their advertising is oversimplified to the point of being downright deceptive.
Granted for someone who wouldn't know how to do the DIY solutions and had ample cash, buying 2 or 3 might be a viable option (although don't they come pre-loaded with a seed?)- but I still say a backup is necessary- so I wouldn't be comfortable with entrusting a fortune to one backup that a powerful magnet could corrupt.
You said you knew Python, which I take to mean you're intuitive enough to figure out your own solution that would be safer, more robust and far less expensive.
So I get that they're obviously more featured than a flash drive- my question is are they worth it when there are so many other options, and since backup is limited, is it a safe place to keep a small fortune?
I once considered purchasing one- I will not lie- but I instead decided to split up my coins into accounts when they hit certain values, get the individual keys, encrypt them with Linux `gpg', use another CLI to write and print the QR along with a simple coded message giving me the info about the account and pw (I wrote a short bash script to automate it all, and then print 2 copies with one of 5 possible pws and delete the xpriv when an account hit .25BTC), that only I knew, and lock them in 2 small fire and theft proof sentry gun safes I had- neatly folded and placed down the sides of an extra glock magazine and rolled up in the barrel of my century old Carcano that I never shoot because it doesn't have adjustable sights and it's 100 years old so it's off by about 20/100yards (plus the extractor drops the shell every other bullet and you need to shove the cleaning rod down the barrel- that only cost me $49 though and makes a nice decorative, yet lethal wall ornament perfect for inconspicuous  placing for emergency close quarter home defense- now that I've spent the bitcoin once lodged in the barrel.)
My only point was, they may have use, but that's just as secure routes for a lot cheaper if you're up for some innovation.
And it's kind of hard to deny their advertising is a bit gimmicky and geared towards people who don't know much about the technologies they describe.
@_date: 2019-08-14 19:02:18
No, looks like that's gone for good unfortunately. No update after this long is not a good sign. I suspected they were ridding the service from the beginning. Saying they were doing a systems update with no scheduled time-frame was an obvious red flag from the beginning. I mean, I've never seen any company say an upgrade would take more than a few hours.
I have done some research and tried a few different things and been able to use the card to get cash though.
1) You can buy a money order from Walmart (and possibly other places, although Walmart is one of the only places that allows you to buy one with a credit transaction). Sometimes they require you put in a pin, which isn't supposed to work, but for some reason it does (they must put it in as a credit pin transaction, rather than a standard debit pin which gets declined- probably why Walmart is one of the only places where this works). You can get one up to a certain amount (I forget what that is, but it's fairly high, like $2000- I've never done one for that much though) without showing an ID, higher amounts require you show an ID, but it's supposedly just used internally. You get the money order made out to yourself. Then you can deposit the money order at your bank immediately, or go back to Walmart 24 hours later and cash it there for a 2% fee. I've hear people say that they have been declined at certain Walmarts, so if you can't get one from one store, try another- I've done it at 2 locations without issue though. Once you purchase it, you're set- so no worrying about not being able to cash it or anything.
2) For immediate cash for a high, but usually fixed rate fee of around $20: if you have a casino near you, most allow credit card withdrawls without a pin. They have special ATMs that put a charge through like a credit purchase. Then you go up to a counter, show your ID and sign the receipt and you can withdraw up to the maximum the machine will allow ($1,200 for the casino near me). That has worked for me multiple times.
3) I've heard of success with purchasing USPS money orders, but it depends on the post office... they aren't supposed to allow the purchase of M.O.s with a credit transaction at USPS, but that's at the discretion of the employee, and if they don't know the rule, they can ring up a M.O. like a regular shipping purchase.
4) Open a square account, get the free reader (either have them mail you one, or buy one for $4.99 at Home Depot, Walmart, etc.) Then charge your card. Link another debit card (a prepaid one works, although you'll need to link a bank account too when you set up the account). For a 2.5% (around that) fee, you can instantly deposit from square to your account (they put it through like a return). Then take cash out with your debit card. Be warned: do this too often and square will realize what you're up too and close your account (you won't lose anything, as they only prevent new transactions- not withdrawls, but you won't have this option anymore).
5) You can do the same with the PayPal Here reader if you have a business paypal account (you don't need a business, if you sell on ebay, it makes sense to upgrade your account anyway). Although they tend to be much more annoying, putting holds on your account when they realize what you`re doing- although calling customer support is all you need to do to get the hold off. Then you can just use your paypal debit card for withdrawls.
\*Bonus: in a bind, you can use the above 2 options to withdraw cash from a credit card over your cash advance limit (and you'll get cash back- which is why they don't want you to do it, as you can use the method to keep getting free cash back). I once managed to withdraw cash from one of my credit cards double my overall spending limit by charging myself, doing the instant transfer to my bank, paying off my credit card (which credited my account before the payment even hit my bank), withdrawing all the cash, then repeating. Not recommended, as going over your limit can end up on your credit report (if not paid within 7 days), but it allowed me to pay my rent on time for a house I shared with 3 friends when they all were late getting me the cash.
I think the only reason they are still acting like it will come back is because they don't want people flocking to alternatives (although, in the US, there really aren't any.
6) You can use the card to pay a friend or family member using Venmo, CashApp, etc., and then have them give you cash.
@_date: 2019-02-11 17:29:09
The issue is, you'll always be behind, because the ASIC manufacturers mine with their new technology long before releasing it to the public- and only do so in small batches as they develop their next generation tech. This is not speculation anymore- it's been proven. Look and XMR and the release of the X3, as well as the hashrate drop prior to the fork that made the X3 unable to mine on the XMR main fork.
I don't know a single person who has started mining since August of 2017 that has managed to maintain profitability for more than a few months.
Since the Bch fork and the rise of profit switching, the difficulty hasn't behaved as expected. It's behaved correctly- but chain hopping causes disproportionate difficulty increases to decreases (which rarely occur).
Expect to earn -$5/month at your current rate. Also, you're only paying five cents per kilowatt? I've never heard of anyone in the US paying that little except in tiered systems where the price skyrockets if you use more than a certain amount. That's not the case for you?
Also, you're not really growing a business if you're spending fresh money to expand. If you plan on paying earned BTC to expand, you'll see that the machines depreciate in value as well and you'll be lucky to get half what you paid when you go to sell after an upgrade.
I can also say the shelf life an an S9 is about 24months before at least one hash board goes unless you run them well underclocked. They'll also gradually slow down as time goes on.
And every time a new generation is released it practically leaves the previous generation worthless.
If you're looking to build a business, don't build one where your growth is hard programmed to decrease over time. That's unsustainable.
Just be prepared to loose everything you put in, and since you're mining in a remote location, when the machines start aging and need reboots, you should probably wire up some 220v remote relays. You can get them on aliexpress for $8.
@_date: 2019-02-10 03:17:40
I feel you on the mining. I finally truly got into Bitcoin solely because of mining- I'd known about BTC it since its inception, but had never thought of it as an investment. I'd helped a friend get some when it was under $1, it involved working out the details via email with some guy who had "an exchange" (a single page website and an email), depositing cash into a BoA account and then the guy sent it once the deposit was confirmed. If I recall he bought about $3,000 worth. I'm fairly sure he sold it all almost immediately. He was the first person I knew who actually did his research. I think his goal was to make more cash to reinvest but his "plan" to make a profit involved doing something he wasn't capable of doing and he ended up wasting it all and at some point he moved on and forgot about it.
So back to my story... I followed bitcoin throughout college but never did the research or fully understood the technology, and like most college kids, I was broke so the idea of investing never even crossed my mind. Then in December 2016 I saw an article about ASIC miners. Being a techy, I bought a pair of S7s to play around with. With the price constantly rising, I started profiting. I soon sold the S7s for an S9 and a 30MH scrypt miner. In late January I quit my job due to unrelated factors. I managed to solo mine a litecoin block the day before LTC skyrocketed to $20+. I felt like I hit the lotto and I was addicted. So I sold the 30MH ZEUSMiner for tripple what I had paid 2 weeks before and bought an 80MH Scrypt Miner and a couple Avalons. By mid February I had sold the LTC for BTC and combined with what I had pool mined, I had 4BTC. I had to sell one for the electric bill and sold another for a BMiner B9 (I think that's what it was, I not sure all of the sudden).
By April, my electric bill (even in downstate NY with pretty cheap $0.11/kWh electric) was about $850. Difficulty was skyrocketing and while my profits were fairly stable, I realized I could make more selling everything for a huge profit and just buying BTC straight up.
I ended up selling everything to one buyer on Ebay,  which by pure coincidence, it turned out lived 20 mins away from me. He had a ton of questions and I offered to just drop everything off and help him set up. He was not equipped to run the miners. He had a large family and a wife who wouldn't put up with the noise- so he made me an offer to no only host those miners, but about $15k of other miners that him, his bro and a friend had all chipped in for along with another $35k for me to spend on other miners. I was to be an equal partner in turn for managing all operations.
I couldn't resist. In the end we bought about 6 S9s, 3 L3+s and I made 4 GPU rigs out of 2 1080Tis, 4 1070s, 3 1060s and 3 RX560s. After a month we got 3 Baikal A900s and 2 more S7s that were a steal because of some bad soldering and I fixed them up and got them back to 100%.
I told them from the get-go that if we stagnated we would start falling into the red. They agreed but one of the investors started on insisting on monthly payments. My plan was to use the first few months' earnings for renewable energy, and had even found some very cheap land with high winds and utilities nearby, and a guy to drop off a shipping container for housing.
But that one investor decided he didn't want to invest anymore, nor spend the profits as we had agreed. I knew it was just a matter of time, the difficulty had already shot up 10 fold from when we had started and even though I had gone multi-algo to try to negate some of that effect, we were plateauing.
Our last hoorah was right when it reached ATHs. I sold everything I had, no one else took my advice. I said we should sell the miners then too, they were going for insane amounts and I knew that the surge in new miners would cause the ultimate difficulty hike that, combined with the impending price drop would leave us a short window.
But our theoretical earnings per day had never been higher and they saw that number like it equated to realized earnings.
We mined until we started losing in March and I shut down the miners. In the end, the operation netted about 7BTC. By the time anyone got around to selling the miners, they were worth under $100 each.
But I learned how Crypto moves from the operation. My idea began as profit switching- since we had so much hash power for nearly every algo, it was a profitable tactic. So I made a dedicated control center, wrote scripts to check whattomine and change the miners automatically. But I soon realized their calculations were very flawed, so I wrote scripts for every coin we mined, to check all available data, account for PPLNS and other payout factors as well as switch time, then I started optimizing the scripts using market information and indicators to predict when a coin was about to shoot up in price- half way through, I had it so that the miners were mining based on three month predictions and switching automatically.
And I still sat at that console 18 hours a day reading News, bitcointalk forums, reddit, etc., and making sure I manually switched when I saw the opportunity.
What really killed us was that guy insisting on weekly payouts. Why? Because everyone wanted theirs in BTC, and it prevented me from holding altcoins when I knew they were about to spike. Just before I was forced to exchange everything to BTC, I pleaded with everyone to let me hold off. I had 180,000 mined Einsteinium and they had just released news that they were about to burn half their future supply. I knew with a little known coin that the news would take time for full effect, but it was up 500% that day already. My algorithms pointed towards a peak of $1.18 and I figured with the news, that number could safely be doubled.
It was an hour long argument but in the end I sold them at $0.10. About a week later, it peaked around $3.10. I would have sold at $2.36 or above. A similar situation occurred with the massive amounts of NLG and DGB I had mined primarily due to the accuracy of my algorithms and my ability to spot up and comers. We lost about $225,000 on those combined. Those were the biggest losses, but when all was said and done, since the profitability of the operation laid in my ability to predict what to mine, when to mine it and when to sell it- and in a market where altcoins were fluctuating by orders of magnitude- sometimes in a week, having my hands tied and having to sell all the accumulation at what turned out to be the most pivotal time, cost us, all in all over $800,000.
In the end, the guy that insisted we split up the bitcoin lost any future say in operations- but the damage had been done. Everyone else blamed him too, but they had chosen to back him up too- mostly to avoid confrontation.
I had invested the least money, so I had to obey, but when you factor in the time I put in, I had more of a stake than anyone.
I ended up profiting about $30,000 by selling my BTC at about ATH (partially by luck because I would have probably sold at $15k to be on the safe side but didn't check the price until it was $17k). Everyone else who waited to sell until BTC was at $8,000 ended up losing $6-8k overall.
The only winners in mining are the ASIC manufacturers, pool operators and the dedicated and lucky. I wouldn't be so sore about it now if I hadn't called out exactly what we would lose if I sold when I was forced to. Being able to say "I told ya so" didn't bring me much joy when I was forced to sell away what should have been $200,000 of my profits.
I don't use my algorithms for price prediction anymore, just pure TA and paying attention to trends in news reporting. Partly because they were tailored for the explosive market of 2017 and they just aren't as accurate, but mainly because they had so much to do with mining related variables.
If you're mining you can def maximize your profits by mining altcoins. I think a lot have been pretty abandoned leaving them with very low difficulty. The market is much more stable and the kind of complex future analysis I used in my "investment mining" approach isn't necessary. Take a look at awesome miner. I had used its features when I was mining. Actually it served as my controller between my scripts and the miner APIs, and it wraps up everything in a nice GUI. You don't need to script it to profit mine, only if you want to do very complex algorithms. 
@_date: 2019-02-13 10:54:32
So blinded by your unwillingness to accept the truth, you're willing to throw good money after bad.
@_date: 2019-02-07 01:15:04
And you realize that was essentially one of my main points, right? Your reply only serves to validate my argument that people only congregate in this sub to validate each other's like minded, half-sided beliefs, and treat any opposing argument, or more accurately worded, **complete,** argument as propaganda to be taken with offense.
Now if you had a valid, well thought out counter-oppinion, I'd be more than happy to have a discussion- but what your response shows is that you are either unable to grasp the most simple economic concepts- or, more likely, are simply unwilling to. Your OP already shows your willingness to disregard a bounty of equally valid data and facts, and your reply to my comment shows your animosity towards anyone who presents a valid argument contrary to, not what you even necessarily believe, but what you want to believe.
Now, if you had a well thought out rebuttal to the points I presented, my response would not be to dismiss them blindly as they are not in line with my thinking, but to fully contemplate any information put forth by you, and engage in an intelligent conversation. If your points were valid and backed by facts and fully analyzed data, I'd accept them and be more the wiser for it. If I had information to continue our discussion, I'd present in in a respectful and thought out response- and in the end, perhaps we both may have learned from each other.
Sadly, I find simple refusal to accept clearly laid out information which is not in line with the collective mindset of the group to be the growing trend.
Irrelevant to my main points, I am a supporter of digital currencies, and of course that includes the original- my argument was against your single-sided presentation of data taken out of context and the idea that encouraging the hoarding of any currency with the intent of that leading to growth as being oxymoronic.
Present a beliefs not inline with mine and you will not be met with utter dismissal, but met with thankfulness for enlightening me on a side I had not considered. 
That is why I bother to post here, in the hopes of engaging in intelligent conversation- unfortunately, I'm met all too often by those skip would rather fling insults than discussion. There is always the minority who, unlike you, do provide me with food for thought- so alas, I remain.
*I would hope that to the casual lurker, and vast percentage of those who read but don't post, that your initial response to my comment would show that information like your OP should be taken only with a grain of salt and followed by individual research and their own conclusions.*
You see, you have only strengthened my argument and further invalidated your own. I do apologize if I've introduced doubt into your selective way of thinking which you use to help ease the suffering of the wealth you have lost as a result of falling for the mass delusion that it is more wise to hold through times of prosperity and depression alike, rather than to engage in buying low and selling high. But attempting to encourage others to participate in the same pyramid economics which caused your own losses will not help you to retake your losses. It will only lead to stunted adoption and subsequent growth.
Edit: Hard to read on my phone screen as I type, so edited for spelling and grammar mistakes after my keyboard wasn't blocking half my screen.
@_date: 2019-02-11 17:31:18
This sounds like a story worth hearing! Details?!?
@_date: 2019-02-10 04:40:28
I've got 3 S9s and a T9, about 9 months on them in climate controlled environment, plus a spare S9 hash board and controller. Plus the Bitmain PSUs for them, a custom 50A (wiring) rated 8 outlet distribution box (I can replace the main plug with whatever you need) and a few 14 Gauge power cords and a ton of 16-gauge ones. I'll sell them all to you for $425+shipping. I can only accept bitcoin since I have a problem with PayPal (also why I'm willing to sell them cheap- since I can't do ebay). I'll do bitrated.com escrow with any third party moderator you want if you're interested.
If you don't know bitrated, they hold your bitcoin in a 3-way multisig address. When you receive everything you just release the coins. If there's an issue, then the moderator steps in and solves the dispute. You can pick from a few hundred moderators based on their past reviews, rate and rating. Usually they don't charge unless there is a dispute, then it's like 5% or something. I've sold a miner that way before so I have positive feedback already. It's just as safe as buying on Ebay. You can fully test everything before releasing the money and if there's any issues you can send me a screenshot and I'll take it off the price.
I also have a bunch of other miners like L3+s, D3s, an X3 and a couple Baikal A900s.
Let me know if you're interested. If you wanted to do it for cash, I could probably find a family member with a good PayPal account, or some other payment app or something but then we couldn't do bitrated multisig escrow.
@_date: 2019-04-22 16:14:01
Great artwork. I have nothing but compliments to the artist in that regard. 
But I do have some qualms with the message.
-Created by an unknown individual. Possibly- yet unlikely- a group. As studies have shown that for every person that is privy to a cover-up or secret, the odds of an inevitable leak increase astronomically while the duration something can remain secret drastically decreases- until the number of individuals with knowledge reaches a critical mass and the probability of the truth being revealed is all but a certainty. I forget the exact statistics (I'm sure the study could be easily found on google) but I know that after a decade, had Satoshi Nakamoto been a group, it would have had to be one consisting of, at most, 2-3 members (all of sound mind and with strong composure), in order to keep their identities so secret that, to this day, there is barely an inkling of speculation to the true identit(y/ies).
-Whoever he (or those) Satoshi Nakomoto may have been, nothing is known about him/her/them- so it's impossible to speculate about his (or her, or their; he for simplicity), true motivations. All we have to go on is cryptic clues, the whitepaper and its early revisions and notes, and the words of the ghost.
- It's important to remember that Satoshi really didn't create anything. He created a system to solve the double spend system, and a way (PoW) to secure a globally writable database in such a way that no oversight by a central authority was necessary. Direct and pseudo-anarchist/libertarian monetary systems are the simplest forms of an economy- a step above the barter system. Allowing for a medium of exchange to be created by the users, to represent value- rather than directly trading. It's worth noting that this system has been tried and failed numerous times throughout history (see US economics ca. late 19th century- its ultimate downfall was eerily similar to the issues that plague the Crypto space.) 
\*Even The idea of blockchains (particular in analog form) had been used in all facets of industry for years preceding bitcoins inception (An example would be to use inspection stickers on shipping containers that were designed to be placed on top of each other; attempting to peel a sticker would result in a section of the top layer of the sticker below to irreversibly come detached- so a sticker could not be removed once placed without it being obvious; at every inspection point a sticker indicating the weight of the container and the in inspector's ID is placed- bottom-up; if the cargo came in light, the final reciever could peel the stickers off one at a time until the discrepancy was found- as long as the stickers are difficult to counterfeit and kept secure by the inspectors the system works. Likewise, if an inspector finds that a container is light compared to the previous, then it is obvious that a theft occurred- by checking the previous stickers, he can find exactly where the cargo went missing or an inspector incorrectly approved a light container... Another use case is putting QR codes on stickers on fruit and vegetables; at every point where batches from two farms are mixed, a new sticker, with the new farm's ID is added to the end of the previous chain of IDs, indicating the new produce mixed in with the original (for ease, marking crates is probably the practice, rather than every fruit/vegetable); if an e-coli contamination is discovered, the produce can not only be traced back to the farm it came from, but every farm's produce which it came in contact with and in what order; this makes identification of the source of the outbreak quick and painless.)
-Satoshi said himself (I believe in commentary on an early revision whitepaper draft) that "at the very least we will have a temporary form of currency to use unencumbered on the internet" (paraphrasing). The meaning behind this statement is open to some interpretation. Using context from other subjects alluded to by him in the same chain of thought, he most likely was referring to issues which would begin to plague mining as the difficulty began to reach exponential growth and the reward decreased- should an alternative not be devised. But it is safe to say, given the degree of thought that he put into every aspect of the system, he was referring to other issues- such as dilution of value my imitators, inevitable government crackdown and regulation to the point of rendering the coin ineffective, issues with the over simplistic monetary system (the current global financial machine, which seems so convoluted and a highway robbery, was born out of simple solutions like the gold standard, librarian banking and unregulated markets that repeatedly led to collapse- there's reason other than greed that drives the way our economy works- I can only scratch the surface- it takes a lifetime of dedicating oneself to the study of economics to truly understand- and while I know it is a hot button issue, but just because one thinks they understand what someone else has oversimplified in a forum, by no means makes them more qualified to determine the most appropriate banking system moreso than someone with a PhD in economics who has dedicated their life to academia.
-HODL: You hold an asset, you spend a currency. **SATOSHI NEVER ONCE SUGGESTED THAT ANYONE HOLD BITCOIN. HE NEVER ONCE SUGGESTED BITCOIN BECOME A STORE OF VALUE OR AN INVESTMENT, HIS PLAN INVOLVED A CONSTANTLY CIRCULATING SUPPLY OF MONEY WHICH COULD BE FREELY SPENT ON THE INTERNET- INTERNET CASH AND NOTHING MORE (with a few features allowing for future innovation). *HODL'ing was a creation of people who invested early and realized that bitcoin could be exploited as a pyramid/ponzi scheme. This was a consequence of both keeping mining profitable whilst conforming to Moore's Law, and encouraging adoption before Bitcoin potentially became unsustainable asset- for if innovation could not solve the issues that Satoshi foresaw as possible ends to bitcoin, the more popularity it had before its end, the greater the chances of the creation of a more viable asset. Unfortunately this was exploited by those wishing to get rich off the work of others. "You hold so I can sell for whatever I want." And soon it became a mantra which indoctrinated the cryptosphere- and became a curse on bitcoin in every way- hindering adoption, giving the "early adopters" who used bitcoin to earn their fortunes, enough influence and money to exert control over the system and continue the spread of that cancer.** Exchanges also played a large part in facilitating the false belief that holding bitcoin was the design- while at the same time diluting its value and giving worth to shit coins, all while robbing newcomers and scaring them away from the space forever. This was the most prevalent in 2017. Users have wised up about using more reputable exchanges, and government has cracked down on price mixing and scams the like.
Again, I love the artwork, these are just a few things I believe everyone should at least give co consideration to.
@_date: 2019-04-07 08:14:05
You can still use it for signature (credit) purchases at certain places. 
You can't withdraw cash at an ATM, get cash back, conduct ACH deposits, buy things with PIN entry.
It may work with pin entry in places that fall back to signature when pin comes back that it can't be used (not invalid pin, but pin usage unauthorized).
If it's working for ATM withdrawals, maybe it's only effecting certain states, FirstView made it seem systemic. They said it was a "complete bitpay system upgrade" (lol). But if the fact that it effected all users was a lie-thats even more red flags.
Even if you just use the card for credit (pinless) purchases, I'd still be weary, as the lies make me think this could be leading to complete denial of funds.
Apparently, someone has had success getting a check mailed by closing the account with FirstView, however I tried the same and got nowhere. So it must be dependent on who you speak to.
@_date: 2019-04-07 08:25:44
...Also... Much Thanks for the info. Knowing you had success, I'll be calling again. And just to clarify, when I said "demand your money," this is exactly what I was referring to- as I don't suggest anyone continue to use BitPay's services in the wake of this.
@_date: 2019-04-03 09:27:49
I have about 125 assets in my portfolio and EVERY DAY at least one is up AT LEAST 20% (they're also the same stocks that could just as easily fall 20% the next day- ususally). You'd be unlikely to see a well established bluechip see such an increase in delta moving average over one day, but it wouldn't be unheard of by any means, especially after an earnings report.
I find that some people think bitcoin is the only way to see returns at a noticable rate. Not the case.
My NYSE/NASDAQ portfolio is up over 50% in the past 3 months (granted that was after a major mini-recession). But I just pulled some investments when it became apparent that a quick collapse was in store and then reinvested triple what I lost over the course of late January/early February to take advantage of the correction and ended up making a killing.
The best part is, I ended the fiscal year at a loss. So no taxes on my earnings for 2018. And I'm up almost 80% Y/Y. Granted, some of that is luck, some of that is the 2 hours I put in to maintaining the portfolio every day, and next year I'll owe 35% of that in taxes (since capital gains now require a 3 year investment period). But by year end I'll easily  be up 150%.
I have a strategy I've been using for years though- from picking stocks to picking up the occasional option and exactly how to diversify. It took a few years of ending in the red after taxes before I learned.
And I bought $1,000 worth of BCH on Saturday thinking it might go up. That was a quick few hundred. Exchanged for BTC a few hours ago to protect me from fallout. And I'll cash out if it dips a total of 7%.
@_date: 2019-04-07 08:28:02
...Also not sure of alternatives besides Bitcoin ATMs- but they tend to be a ripoff fee wise.
@_date: 2019-04-10 09:40:00
We have a capital gains tax. It's minimum holding period has actually just been extended from 1-3 years. It's a fixed rate tax to encourage investment over day trading.
I think you're thinking of something else.
And it's not like I won't end up paying taxes next year on all earnings. I already said that.
I'm a relatively small time trader. I would be willing to bet that the crash and subsequent rapid recovery was orchestrated as part of a way to mitigate yearly capital gains taxes that were made into realized, fully taxes gains by the 3 year reform extension- by the big players and donny.
@_date: 2019-04-03 09:46:24
Not to mention that mining is a pyramid scheme by definition. Not that I could think up a better way to deal with Moores law when it comes to PoW, but for those that started mining pre-ASIC (and even pre-GPU) days, and especially the ASIC manufacturers (Bitmain and the others they have since put out of business), that were able to mine with ASICs while the average miner couldn't even come close to 5% of that hashpower- they were able to rack up bitcoins in the hundreds of thousands or even millions. And Bitmain mines with next-gen hardware until it's more profitable to sell the miners- putting them at a constant advantage even now.
I think of bitcoin akin to the dot-com bubble. There's the people who invested at the right time, got out at the right time and made a solid profit... Then there's the "paper-billionaires." They can't drum up enough volume to sell their bags without crashing the market, which is why everytime BTC hits a high point, it's almost always followed by a steep over-correction. Every chance those bag holders get to sell off without bringing BTC below its support level, they do- and they'll sell as much as they can.
I find it funny how some of the largest bag holders tell everyone to "HODL." I'd be willing to bet that the ones yelling hold the loudest are the ones selling the most.
@_date: 2019-04-07 07:59:29
REALLY?!?! I spoke to a supervisor (I assume manager/same thing). She would not budge. I was annoyed and it probably came out in my tone, but I even stated when I first got on the phone that I was annoyed with the situation and not in any way with her, as I knew she was just doing her job. 
So I remained as polite as possible and I requested that my account be closed numerous times- I was told that I would need to take that up with BitPay support again and again. I went through the logic that BitPay has nothing to do with the account at their bank, that it's only my name on the account- she agreed but said because the account was tied to bitpay, I couldn't close it without them. I said that was not true- as it's my account- BitPay just acts as an exchange and deposits money for me, etc. etc. This just went around in circles until she hung up on me.
I will say, I didn't make any threats other than say that they had no right to tell me how to spend my money and if I wanted to shut down the account, I was legally entitled to cash. And if they were going to refuse that, I would report it. And I didn't say that until I had been told I could not shut down the account.
I guess it depends on who answers the phone. I will call back on Monday and if I get the same runaround I'll keep calling until I get someone to actually do the legal thing.
Thank you for letting me know this worked for you. Although there is a chance that something changed between when you and I called because what you're describing is exactly what I started with trying. Hence my wording of "demand your money" I'm the OP. Being polite didn't work for me with who I was speaking with.
@_date: 2019-04-07 07:41:20
Well I had $2,000 electric bills to handle from mining. Had to dip into the earnings somewhat to cover that and unfortunately NYSEG doesn't accept BTC. So it was either that or a BTC ATM for 5% fees every time. This was far less expensive.
A little less than a year after primarily ceasing my mining due to stagnating profitability, I still mine occasionally when there's short periods of ok profits, but NYSEG now has decided to up my estimated bill to over $3000. On top of that, when I was actually using the electric they came to read the meter every month. Now that I'm back to a $225/month usage, they come once every three to actually read the meter. I end up getting the account credited (not refunded, simply end up with a positive bill amount) but then they go longer without an actual and I end up owing the $3000 estimate again.
That's a whole other fucked situation, and they use excuses for why their trucks couldn't get up my driveway to make the read that are complete BS- it's just profitable for them to do it the other way now.
Point is, I still have some BTC that I need convert to pay my electric bill which is enormous as fallout from mining.
You can't get everything you need by spending BTC- unless maybe you live in one of 3 cities in Euroupe or Asia. Even in NYC, there's only a few boutique shops which accept BTC- and unfortunately I can't survive off of drugs available for purchase on tor hidden services.
@_date: 2019-04-25 11:29:52
I think this post actually got a fair amount of people calling- they realized they would have to give people their money or be in more trouble- that or they weighed the violation of whatever they were facing with BitPay against the violation of denying users access to their funds and made a decision. another user managed to get a check mailed to him after repeatedly insisting to a supervisor but they wouldn't budge for me, as I asked for an ACH and a check and they said that they couldn't do that.
BitPay blames the bank? Or this article you read did? Because the bank blames BitPay? (Although obviously the bank is the one with the power over the cards, bitpay is just an exchange). The bank may have decided to screw bitpay's request to not allow any cash access whatsoever, as it would leave the bank in hot water. I think they're both probably being investigated jointly for KYC/AML laws.
And the lie is the worst part in my opinion- the rest is an inconvenience, bad business and a dick move- but sadly commonplace for the Crypto sphere, with new regulations every day. Kraken and Bitrex just ceased ops in NY.
@_date: 2019-04-27 03:52:44
So you think it's the bank that ultimately made the decision, and BitPay is the one covering for them, rather than the other way around?
BitPay hasn't responded to my emails, other than one saying "I should have received the email" and linking me to the few sentence FAQ claiming a systems update- taking three weeks after my first email.
Although the info provided by both parties is very limited, it would appear BitPay is saying *they (BitPay)* are the ones conducting the (obviously terrible lie of a) "systems update" (although without going far enough to make a statement which could hold up in court).
Obviously the business relationship between the bank and BitPay was/is a very profitable one. The difference between BitPay and the bank, is the bank has other clients and can go on without BitPay. BitPay on the other hand would likely have trouble finding another bank to handle its customer's accounts, especially considering the fact there's clearly a regulatory compliance issue in the works. So maybe BitPay is lying on behalf of the bank in an attempt to keep their relationship.
Does BitPay or the bank have a rating with the BBB? This lie should be brought to their attention. Interestingly the bank doesn't have  a contract with Visa. They use a third party bank based in NYC to issue the Visa cards (which are technically property of that bank). I called their support, but the relationship is of a corporate one and the person I talked to didn't have access to any aspect of the card.
BitPay has forgotten that they are a crypto-fiat exchange. Subject to high levels of regulation. They can't act like a small/medium crypto-crypto exchange trying to cover up a hack while they assess damages or hide incongruity in their books with lies- a business cannot make blatant lies to their userbase- that alone can be enough for a class action if damages can be shown empirically.
BitPay must be paying the crypto-media (it doesn't take much since they are usually not big companies). But this lie has stayed within the fairly small circle of those privy enough to realize the blatant lie and who are users of the card (as opposed to the merchants using the service). Eventually this will get out. Coinbase will surely benefit. Maybe it's time a truly transparent alternative was established. A non-profit would be amazing- sadly highly unlikely.
@_date: 2019-04-07 07:25:17
Truth- anyone who's had any success "hodling" is just an example of an early investor in a ponzi scheme... but the real hypocracy comes from the people who complain about the lack of Bitcoin adoption then say they'd never spend a bitcoin (or worse that any "true bitcoiner" knows to never sell). When the ones with real coinage to spend are liquidating for USD as fast as they can, and a massive chunk of the "supporters" are hindering any chance at adoption by refusing to allow a market to be created via spending- then there's no chance. Personally, I don't think BTC will be the magic bullet in a flawed economic system- namely because the type of system bitcoin promotes has been tried and failed again and again. I do think blockchain technology will become very relevant as times goes on and believe bitcoin can be credited with designing a practical use case and bringing the technology into light. I also think there's money to be made in trading crypto if done infrequently and when the time is right. I mean I'm up 3000%+ trading crypto (most of that being 2017 gains. I know when to get out. But I've made a few bucks taking advantage of rebounds and rallies here and there since then. Had I simply bought in Dec 2016 when I bought the majority of what made me the most returns- and held, I would still be up, by a fair amount, around 350%, but that's 1/10th of what I mad by playing the market. Had I continued to "buy whenever," I'd be lucky to be up even 75% total.
Plus we're not saying it's impossible to gain from holding, just that the people spreading the HODL propaganda are the ones that are selling the most. No one holds onto any other asset when they know it's tanking, thinking it gives them some sort of respect- and look at the people who started this whole "HODL" chant- they certainly have a lot more to gain and have gained a lot more by having people hold than anyone has made by holding.
In the mainstream market, there is constant pressure and propaganda trying to convince small investors to hold assets for the long run- and plenty of manipulated or misleading statistics to show how holding an asset is always better than buying and selling over a long term, however, the people saying that are the high frequency traders who hold an asset for minutes and hedge fund operators who are trying to stop mass selloffs, but have no problem selling a 3% stake in a company and sending its prices down 5% in an hour, single handedly.
But you my friend are 100% correct, people are so indoctrinated with this HODL belief that they have to learn the lesson the hard way.
@_date: 2019-04-07 05:00:17
Biotech ans single lead drug companies stocks always have huge swings, since their negative EPS companies until (and if) they develop a drug/treatment that is efficacious and passes all clinical trials. So the result of of study can be indicative of an impending bust or an actual bust- plus they run on tight budgets and if they need more funding, they usually go with a secondary offering priced at a discount to the market, killing prices. They trade for huge discounts because of the associated risk yet have huge return potential. I was a bioinformatician for 8 years before changing career paths, so I have a slight advantage in being able to understand the primary fundamentals (i.e. the research papers) but I still consider myself no guru.
The recent "mini-recession" I speak of was caused solely by Donny's personal pride motivated "trade war." It had completely reversed in less than 3 months and considering it wiped out almost 2 years of gains only to give them all back and then some following the 2018 fiscal year end- the year the capital gains holding period was extended from one to three years, I have my suspicions.
The market naturally goes through cycles every decade or so- driven by one thing or another. SO DOES BITCOIN- ON A MUCH LARGER AND SHORTER SCALE.
Since 2010 the three major indexes are up an average of around 315%. That means had anyone invested in an investable index in 2010, they would have more thanntrippled their initial investment without any effort and paid almost nothing in taxes.
That being said, there may be a crisis looming- but the risk is panic caused by the reckless words and decisions of our president, not overall market conditions which are fairly solid.
A looming period of an average slowdown in total market delta moving average is probably more likely than a total financial crisis.
But that being said, periods of growth followed by the market taking back a large portion of what it has given is a natural phenomenon- *ONE BTC IS CERTAINLY NOT IMMUNE TO- AND IN FACT EXPERIENCES ON A MUCH MORE DRASTIC SCALE AND SHORTER TIME FRAMES.*
This is why HODL'ing makes no sense (besides the fact that use drives adoption), hording only makes the bag holders able to convert more without destroying the market (and serves to slow growth- especially when it's most prevalent by some of BTC's self claimed "largest supporters").
I periodically invest in crypto, haven't been really in long since Early Dec 2017. I'm considering going back in long, but after a 20% climb in BTC, it's hard not to cash out, after seeing correction after correction occur in the same situations. Although I have been leaving 5-10% in BTC after cashing out each time- I'll trade whatever I bought to take advantage of a looming increase, cash out 90-95% and then put 5-10% of the cash amount into BTC since it's protected from corrections more than any other crypto.
2008 was caused by a housing crisis, partly related to the failure of the American auto manufacturers which further screwed the mortgage industry and the market as a whole even more.
Save completely reckless action by our "President," (which I think we may be safe from considering his narcissism and the fact that hurting the economy hurts him), we're not in a situation like 2008 at all and we have another (at least) 18 months before a new situation may arise which causes economic collapse.
For perspective, consider this, if Bitcoin were a stock, it would have never been stable enough to even maintain listing requirements for the NYSE. From a singular perspective, it has had more major "depressions" than the entire stock market and/or US economy since its inception than the stock market's entire 20th century run, and due to its relative unpredictability, and the "HODL" propaganda (spread by bag holders to keep the market stable while they sell what they can for as much as they can), it has taken back more (relative) gains from the average investor (not talking 2010 adopting bag holders) than any single stock.
This doesn't mean that I don't believe the mass hysteria/FOMO effect caused by BTC/Crypto doesn't make it an asset with great potential for gains if properly invested and divested. I'm simply saying that bashing the market and current economic system, based off things written by random people on the internet, often leads to baseless statements being thrown around becoming the norm.
I'm also a believer in blockchain technology, and I believe that a transition to an open ledger system currency system will help to prevent political fraud, corruption, money laundering, unfair wage gaps and a whole slew of other issues with our currency system. I just don't think that mob rule and fiscal anarchy is the answer to the issue- if it was, then it would be the system in place today- as it was 140 years ago in the US- because the system would not have failed in less than 2 decades- for the same reason Crypto had its downfalls today. All issues which stem from human nature. I believe bitcoin is an incredible invention that has showed the practicality of digital blockchain technology which will some day, in a more refined form, revolutionize the Monetary system.
But just as we aren't driving Stanley Steamers, nor are we using telegraphs to send messages, it's rarely the first invention of it's kind that becomes the technology to stick- but rather a perfected and improved version. Bitcoin will always be the innovation that will drive a long and arduous movement towards monetary transparency and a slew of other efficiency technologies based on blockchain- but to think bitcoin is the internal combustion engine of the Monetary system, makes you no different than those who thought the steam engine was the future of transportation, and nothing could ever be invented which was more efficient and practical for that use. And there were indeed plenty of those people, even after Ford produced automotives and German inventors developed the Otto (4-Stroke) cycle, who called gas engines dangerous ticking-time bombs (although steam engines exploded far more often), and thought they'd be gone in a matter of years. Juat as some (most) have refused to recognize the potential of coins which have improved on bitcoin (I'm not talking about shit-coin clones).
@_date: 2019-04-23 21:23:57
Not a cash gift card like a prepaid Visa gift card. You can only get those with pin transactions (so people can't use the method to get quazi-cash advances from credit cards. And you can only use the BitPay card as a "credit" signature transaction now (not actually credit obviously, but that's what you'd have to press on the swiper).
@_date: 2019-04-10 09:46:46
It's not non-signature, it's anything requiring pin entry.
Most places don't make you sign for a relatively small to medium purchase (gas station, Starbucks, etc). They charge the card as credit by default (especially when there is a line) because pin entry takes more time to enter and slightly longer for the transaction to approve. Putting it through as credit, is instant. They don't make you sign because they assume you wouldn't dispute a cup of coffee, for instance.
Another example is getting gas. If you click credit and enter your zip, that's a non-signature transaction- but technically it is, processing wise, considered a signature credit transaction.
@_date: 2018-11-21 09:19:36
A crash doesn't have to happen overnight. In fact, if a stock had fallen 50% like bitcoin did in the last 6 months, analysts would call it a crash. 
Bitcoin has been crashing for a year now.
If it rises 20% in a month people say it's "spiking", if it falls 20% the next month, people say it's "stabilizing."
More like bag holder are using order book analysis to hit small markets with enough purchases to spend a (relatively) small amount and send a shockwave of arbitrage through all markets which (because of FOMO and die-hard hodlers) is always biased toward the high end.
When the price settles on the largest fiat markets like GDAX, another (relatively) small purchase is made on the small markets. FOMO once again drives a buying wave on the larger markets where uninformed individuals think they see the making of another 500% rally and start buying...
The bag holders who triggered this can now sell hundreds of thousands of bitcoin (for cash) on large fiat markets over a controlled period. Eventually bringing the price back to where it started, but being able to sell 10-20x what they used to start the reaction, for 5x more than had they just sold on the large markets to begin with. They also did so without sending the price spiraling down, meaning they can dump another few hundred thousand in the same manner when the climate is just right.
I mean look at all this feud between Ver and Wright and ABC and SV. No one ever stopped to think that the fork stood to make both of them millions, no matter the winner, because in the history of every fork, the sum of the two forks has always been at least 10% more than the original asset. Everyone took a side while both had deals in place to sell the losing fork before anyone could even react to claim it.
@_date: 2018-11-21 14:23:25
I think you subconsciously added a zero to what he paid and didn't pay attention to the fact he said "2013." $1100 is not crazy high by any standards of today. Unless you were referring to "crazy high" for 2013.
@_date: 2018-11-25 09:01:04
Exactly the well-educated and decisively executed reply I'd expect from someone who lacks the level of comprehension necessary to truly understand the mechanisms behind a technology they have blindly invested in.
How much have you lost since your reply to my comment? Or rephrased, as to appease the "I didn't lose any Bitcoin" (and don't care about USD) argument, how much more bitcoin could you have purchased had you sold 3 days ago and repurchased today? 
Can you even begin to explain what merits the current price of Bitcoin? If you think it's the finite supply, guess again.
Saving for when bitcoin is the universal medium of exchange? Has history ever shown a time when anyone was able to get rich by buying up a currency before it was used? 
Why would any merchant limit themselves to accepting a currency which so few people hold.?
Can you answer any of that? How about what I originally asked?
Ever consider that much of the pro-bitcoin information you read is published or sponsored by those who invested incredibly early for next to nothing?
@_date: 2018-11-21 08:45:06
Exactly! The PoW model is unsustainable. PoS just creates the definition of a pyramid scheme and is not a viable alternative. The phrase "blockchain 2.0" is thrown around too often without merit, but it's about time people started realizing it's time for real innovation. One of bitcoin's core principles is Moores Law. That means more than "let's cram more SHA256 solving circuits on some ASICS." It means technology grows at at an exponential rate. When bitcoin was born, everyone had a desktop or a laptop, now traditional computers are being phased out. Look who profited the most off crypto, Bitmain. Why? Because they could pay chip makers and manufacturers in bitcoin and sell machines for cash without effecting the market. When difficulty rose above profitability, they started selling S9s for under $300. The same machines they had sold a few months earlier for almost $3000. They weren't taking a loss, they were just selling for a 3000% markup when they could. The chips in those machines never cost more than 10 cents a piece to manufacture, the PCBs they were soldered to cost 50 cents if that, they used open source code for their software. The most expensive thing in those machines were the fans.
There's more than one way to skin a cat, and more than 2 ways to mine a block. But why innovate when you could clone the bitcoin github and make an altcoin, premise 25% and cash in.
It's the unregulated market that gives crypto its value. Are any other currencies traded in anywhere near the relative volume that crypto is? No. ForEX makes up 2% of fiat volume. Bitcoin serves no purpose anymore other than an instrument to suck fiat from people. And the only reason it's still so high is because of FOMO, stubbornness and because the ones who stand to still gain keep the market artificially under control.
Want to invest in something worth value? Believe in decentralized currency? A one currency for the world? Then invest in innovation and new technology, not in an aging scheme.
Bitcoin wasn't always a scheme, but the second markets, mega-pools and ASIC manufacturers became dominant, it became one.
@_date: 2018-11-24 22:15:27
But the amount of BTC you were able or willing to purchase originally, and thus possess in this theoretical future when bitcoin is the medium of transaction (i.e. spendable to a high degree of universality), does depend on its cost at entry. If you're such a believer in BTC that you are willing to hold it based on that idea, then you would likely be one to purchase as much as you could. That's double the amount you theoretically have to spend one day if you can purchase it at half the price in today's medium of exchange (usd, fiat in general).
@_date: 2018-11-29 15:41:21
Except, due to the vast majority of miners profit-switching between chains (since it's the only way to come close to breaking even, and everyone wants the most profitability), and the fact that the difficulty adjusting mechanism DOES NOT AVERAGE HASH RATE OVER AN EPOCH, IT LOOKS AT THE INSTANTANEOUS HASH RATE AT THE MOMENT OF ADJUSTMENT, difficulty rarely decreases proportional to decreasing hash rate. In fact, pools like Bitmain Antpool, in order to keep the difficulty high so that their Chinese mining centers paying less than a half a cent per KW/h of electric maintain dominance, will purposely switch their massive hash power that's chain hopping for profitability over to the chain that is about to have its difficulty recalculated, before resuming normal chain hopping.
Why do this when it means they need to use more hash power too to mine a block? Their electric costs are so negligible that it makes little difference to them, but it kills their smaller pool competitors. The small pools can't mine any blocks and miners are forced to switch to Antpool. They keep this up and soon the small pools just close up shop and are no longer a threat, while they've increased their hash power, user base and profits.
Take a look at block times following difficulty shifts, there is almost always a hang up. Also look at the historical data on blockchain.com. compare the hash rate graph with the difficulty graph. You'll see the proof.
@_date: 2019-01-21 16:43:20
I think this speaks more to its __insignificance__ in the greater scheme of things. 
62 Billion sounds like a lot, but to put it in perspective: The US Gov (mostly the Military branches) give out contracts worth an amount averaging just over **One Billion Per Day** (excluding holidays and most weekends; you can find all awards on a .gov website- Google it and it shouldn't be hard to find.) *That means the US (DoD) gives out more than all the Bitcoin's valuation put together in UNDER TWO MONTHS.* That's on an average day too. The larger contracts can sometimes be in the tens of billions themselves.
The Gov does this to prevent "hodlers" of USD- which creates stagnation in the economy, due to lack of spending. Particularly to encourage corporations to invest their liquid reserves- driving innovation; and to encourage individuals to invest their personal funds in new infrastructure, government bonds given at prime interest rates (the proceeds of which are used to improve overall social welfare- and of course the big swinging dick of the US war machine in its greatest capacity.) Either way, this encourages flow of currency. An entity of individual must spend and invest in order to protect their earnings from the inflationary spending of the government. Inflation is often seen as a method of imposing a hidden tax on the populous, but it is a necessary evil, for if the dollar just kept going up, no one would spend and we would eventually see a complete economic collapse.
Forget countries or even the hundreds of corporations with a market cap greater than that of bitcoin, while only around 2 or 3 people- there are individuals worth more than the entire bitcoin valuation. When you consider the single individuals with net worth equal to a quarter of its valuation, the number gets much larger.
There are quite a few buildings that cost about that same price to build- a few cost even more.
If 20,000 people take out a $300,000 mortgage at 10% APR (sounds high but I guarantee you it's not), due to the reserve requirements and regulations which allow banks to essentially print money and loan (in this case 90% of) it to other banks who can do the same or similar, before being paid a cent back on the initial mortgages- $60,000,000 in "free" money will be generated by the banks.
I suggest anyone interested check out the circulating Monetary supply both US domestic and globally. There are so many ways of describing that number and what they all mean. It's quite intriguiging.
But you will come to see that bitcoin would not only need to reach values that even the most optimistic models aren't predicting, but would need to do so at a rate keeping pace with last year's growth, in order to even make a blip on the international monetary radar.
The reason no one in the fiat or financial sector seem to be too worried about bitcoin is because it's not threatening to them.
@_date: 2019-01-03 16:01:35
It really depends on your definition of "easy to use." In my opinion, the Core Node is easier to use. I like working with a CLI, having the ability to script things, having much more flexibility in my actions. If "easier to use" for you simply means having a GUI for everything, then there's a few features the electrum GUI allows you to do that can only exclusively be done in the CLI of the core. But setup of the Core is certainly easier than setting up an electrum server.
For 95% of things you'll do with the core, you can use the GUI. Of that remaining 5% that you need to use the CLI for, maybe 1% electrum has made into a GUI, the remaining are useful features you just can't do with electrum. Then there's about 50 other interesting or useful things you can do with the CLI on the core node that you can't do with electrum at all (or you need to use electrum's CLI which is a Python shell and much harder to learn.
The core's CLI is very forgiving when it comes to syntax, the help information is very straightforward and informative (even if you've never used any CLI.) Once you learn how to use the core to it's full potential (which you can do in a day or two), you'll see how intuitive it is.
And it's not like you need to use the CLI for everything, just advanced features. Really the only necessary one you'd ever need is the ability to create multisig addresses (from your HD wallet, unlike electrum, you don't need to create a new wallet just for multisig- and actually making a payment that requires multisig is easier imo).
Sending a transaction (to and from one or many addresses), creating payment requests, setting your desired fee, making new addresses (in the default P2SH Segwit format), looking at history, checking the mempool stats, signing or decrypting a message and creating backups are all things you can do through the Core CLI.
@_date: 2019-01-22 19:03:55
I'm sorry, I've since looked them up. So they're essentially (or literally) Raspberry Pis? With a standard LCD and (according to their advertising which preys on those who have no understanding of digital security) and an EMV to store something(?) Maybe they have some sort of NFC? Idk, their (Trezzor's) official advertising says it "uses the same secure chips as credit cards." But an EMV couldn't possibly store enough data for more than a few xprivs, and an NFC would be a massive security hole. Either way, storing your private keys on anything that exposes even encrypted forms to MITM wireless attacks is in no way more secure or safe than online storage. So once again, hardware wallets are, as I previously stated, a gimmick.
@_date: 2019-01-03 01:22:40
I know this is a long one. I think there's some points that make it worth the whole read- but if you must, skip to the end. I have a proposal for something in the last 2 paragraphs that I want to know if anyone would be interested in- because if so, I'll build it.
The ratio of full nodes/total users is definitely on the decline. I'm pretty sure the overall number has been decreasing as well, although it's hard to say with all the forks (where many full nodes chose to follow a fork upgrade path rather than run a second node for the fork). Statistics are hard to find, especially over time, since the number of core nodes is **not** queryable from the core cli (always surprised me it was never implemented- although it should require some extra overhead I suppose).
The only statistics come from estimates based on incoming connection requests at block explorers and mass netchunk scans of port 8333 (which only shows connectable nodes- which is often not the case).
People don't want to run their comps 24/7, use the storage or wait for sync.
Even though The Core Wallet certainly the most "private" and secure storage, people stick with what they know. I know people who would rather keep their coins on Coinbase because or some seedy exchange simply because they find a false sense of security in having "technical support" (though in reality, virtually nonexistent, and never helpful.)
Furthermore, for larger "investors," Coinbase has been hitting US users with massive fees and the highest possible applicable taxes on withdrawal,or sends over a certain amount. A friend of mine who's slowly sold off what was once over $1Mil USD in BTC, ETH, BCH, and some others (in NY- under control of the Crypstapo and its Bitlaws since 2014), is hit with almost 40% in taxes and/or (depending on the form of withdrawal) massive fees every time he attempts to remove any crypto from Coinbase. As a New Yorker, Coinbase or the hand full of Coinsource ATMs which now require spoof-proof mobile text code verification, a full license scan AND fingerprint (some require complete hand scans) or iris scan.
What makes no sense with Coinbase is you can buy and sell into your USD wallet as much as you want, but the second you go to send over $10,000 in Crypto (in a certain time frame) or withdraw any profits to your bank- they hit you with taxes. Now I'm no economist, but wouldn't it make sense to tax every time you sell to fiat- period? Not upon moving fiat from one fiat account to another? They also blanket tax not on earnings, but on all funds. You don't pay on gains, you pay on any withdrawals, for the entire amount. In fact, they'll tax you for losses. It's like once you go to Crypto back to fiat, it doesn't matter what you gained lost/ in terms of taxes, you're paying the full "extra income" tax on all liquidated Crypto, even if you're liquidating at a loss. Maybe this is just the Cryptstapo of NY and it's Bitlaws, idk, but the fact that taxes are only assessed when fiat (in any quantity over trivial amounts) or crypto (in a large enough quantity) is removed from the platform (not when an actual sell occurs to the internal "USD wallet/account") seems like an underhanded (if not somehow illegal) tactic to keep people from removing their assets.
Back to the Core Node, I think we're seeing a fair amount of original users who were highly experienced that have sold or are slowly dissapearing, and newer users, with access to simplified services and little understanding of the true inner workings (like pages of comments misinterpreting a CSW quote to imply that he planned on finding the derivation of SHA-256 in order to steal "lost" wallets- the idea was to mine addresses without any recent activity and those used as burn addresses, the same way you mine a block- proposed as a potential solution for the centralization created by decreased mining incentives- maybe not the best idea- it was just the amount of people who seemed to think "cracking" SHA-256 would only effect bitcoin and as if it was some easy task that hadn't been constantly attempted since long before any crypto existed).
As for running an electronium server to be your own private "node." That's not actually a bad idea. If you can keep it running 24/7 at home on either a static IP or using a DDNS service, you could use it to run electrum on mobile and have a private server. But it makes me think. It still seems like an extra step, and your coins are still held in electrum HD wallets (I have problems with their security). I used to use a PK secured SSH tunnel to access to my server (later I set up an L2TP IPSec VPN so I could close SSH access from the outside) on the go for small transfers to Mycelium (which used BIP33) as a temp storage and then spend quickly for OTG payments- and paper wallets (unlabeled, un/ or encrypted printed offline generated QR codes of the xpriv for a pre funded address for everything else where I knew what I'd be spending in advance).
It was all partly for security, efficiency, etc, but also because I was so interested in it all and I loved tinkering. Not that I'm saying every user should dedicate so much time to Crypto internals as I did, but my point is those users are becoming rarer and rarer, it's not the ones that want to learn or experiment- it's the users who just want to have everything as easy and simple as possible.
@__*A Proposal for a Mini Crypto/BTC Highly Secured Remote Node AIO Solution to Replace NPVs*__@
*Now, as for a private NPV server (i.e. electronium-like) that can be accessed from all devices, is simple to set up and secure, what do people think of this?: An Android/iPhone app (or Windows/Mac) that allows secure RPC over TLS, SSH or Telnet connection (or direct execution through the external CLI via SSH on a linux box). The funds never leave the secure "home station" (just a Full Node implementation). RPC calls or SSH access allows for the sending of remote commands to create new addresses, make transactions, etc. Coins can be shared among multiple devices, without ever needing to decide on the device. Going a step further, the entire system could run off an RasPi, with a built in VPN server, allowing even more security. SD cards would be more expensive, but allow much faster syncing (as I've found a large bottleneck to be data access latency) while HDDs would be cheap and slower. It could allow for importation of pre-indexed blockchain headers up to recent checkpoints to allow faster syncing for those who trusted (obviously all of that would be open info) so all that would be necessary would be a rescan, or slower full syncing for those who want the full security of a full node. But the point is it would be a standalone device, store all of your coins, have built in backup ops such as auto printing of paper wallets, backup to attached USB thumb drive or network location. It could theoretically run off a wireless provider (like LTE) tablet, powered off the device and tethered, so downtime would never be a concern in a power outage. It would use all the core node principles. It could even include GUIs for things like multi-sig that the qt only provides CLIs for. In other words, Electrum but without Electronium or the fairly insecure cryptography that goes with it- also, the Core Node holds all your coins and handles all transactions and only you can connect (via an easily configurable key-pair+PSK, key-pair only or PSK-only security, private VPN privacy, Tor options, etc.).*
*IF __ANYONE THINKS THIS IS SOMETHING THEY'D BE INTERESTED IN, UPVOTE OR COMMENT (SUGGESTIONS WELCOME). I HAVE ALL THE STUFF LYING AROUND I'D NEED FOR A PROTOTYPE. BASED OFF MY INITIAL GUESSES, EACH NODE WOULD COST ABOUT $50 AND WOULD BE ABLE TO, WITH LARGE ENOUGH MEMORY, BE ABLE TO STORE MULTIPLE CORE IMPLEMENTATIONS FOR A VARIETY OF BITCOIN-BASED COINS. THE VPN WOULD NOT ONLY ADD SECURITY FOR THE CORE, BUT PROVIDE SECURE REMOTE ACCESS TO YOUR INTERNAL NETWORK. I'D LIKELY TWEAK A CUSTOM LINUX DISTRO FOR THE OS. IT'S NOT A MASSIVE UNDERTAKING, BUT I'M NOT GOING TO DO SOMETHING LIKE THAT IF THERE'S NO INTEREST. I JUST FEEL IT'S TIME FOR A SOLUTION TO BRIDGE THE GAP BETWEEN NPV WALLETS AND THE CORE NODE.__  I'LL ALSO NOT CHARGE MORE THAN A 20% UPCHARGE (MAX) FOR A FINISHED PROJECT, JUST TO COVER MY TIME. ALSO, IF THE SEEMS TO BE A GOOD AMOUNT OF SUPPORT, MAYBE I'LL JUST START A KICKSTARTER OR GOFUNDME OR SOMETHING AND GIVE COMPLETED DEVICES TO DONORS AND THE SOFTWARE OPEN SOURCE FOR EVERYONE ELSE- I JUST THOUGHT THE IDEA OF A COMPLETED, PnP (PLUG-AND-PLAY) FULL NODE WOULD HELP THE LESS TECH SAVVY USERS GET UP AND RUNNING WITH FULL, SECURE NODES.*
@_date: 2019-01-11 10:51:57
You can import private keys or public keys for a watch only address. I'm sure if you searched github you could find some sort of connector for your fancy $150 USB flash drive with a monochrome display, some preloaded scripts and maybe some kind of cheap NFC chipset(?) for sending a purchase.
I never understood the purpose of a "hardware wallet" and always saw them as gimmicks whose customer base consisted of people who didn't understand the concept of bitcoin. I mean, it's not like they use storage any more robust than a quality flash drive. I'd never trust private keys holding a substantial amount to a single copy- no matter how robust, especially something small enough you could lose. Furthermore, the only thing I could see as a plus would be hardware encryption, which, a) if you really want can get in a $30 flash drive, and b) the only benefit of hardware over software encryption is speed when dealing with large and/or high bandwidth storage- neither are needed for storing private keys. Also, since the master decryption keys used in hardware encryption are stored on an independent chip on the same media as the data, it makes it powers more vulnerable to both physical access attacks and corruption. A few self-encrypted xprivs encoded onto QR codes and printed make for the most secure cold storage. If you're spending on the go, you can pre-load up unencrypted paper wallets in set denominations or a specific amount and spend it without the need to wait for a confirmation. But at that point, if you're planning on spending on the go, why wouldn't you just use your phone as a wallet, put a couple hundred in and go.
If you're doing a hybrid of storage and use, there's no more secure alternative than using the core with either paper backups or simply putting your already encrypted wallet.dat file onto a couple $2 USB drives or SD cards and be done with it. If you don't want to leave the bulk of your coins online then just save the wallet files and delete the addresses you're putting on ice.
@_date: 2019-01-03 03:37:03
Sorry about the caps lol, I just wanted people to read that ending part to see if there was any interest.
Electroneum Server and the Lite Version for Personal Server are all but identical save tweaked configuration to disallow incoming connections and modified configurations to optimize it for single user use.
*That's actually all incorrect though*
*Native segwit* is supported by the core (you can generate *P2SH Segwit* addresses (now the default if you create a new address through the GUI; they start with a `3' like *legacy P2SH multisig* and should be used above BECH32), *BECH32 Segwit* is also supported (must use cli command) *and* *legacy addresses* are all supported **in the same HD wallet.**
**Electrum provides no support for P2SH segwit, only BECH32 Segwit.**
The CLI to make a custom address is not a complex task. Just open the debug window and put in the command, type of address and name for address (I'm not including the exact command because I haven't used the core in at least 6 months and the commands tend to change wording every so often.)
Multisig is also supported. Once again through a CLI command to Generate addresses. I've found it actually easier to use than the convoluted system with electrum where the thing that's supposed to alert partners in a multisig of an OP never working
Replace By Fee (RBF) has also been supported in the QT Core since I shut down my op almost a year ago. I believe it's fully integrated with the GUI now. If not, marking a transaction as replaceable is available through the GUI, but doing a real RBF might require the CLI (but once again I'm fairly sure it's all GUI now). Let's also not forget the ability to load the core with zap-wallet-transactions, thereby clearing the mempool of unconfirmed transactions that have expired- allowing reclamation of the funds- there's no way to do that in Electrum.
Electrum relies on JSON RPC calls to the Core Node for nearly all of its functionality. The only thing Electrum provides is a GUI for some of the functions that require use of the debug CLI in the core. But the core provides much more functionality if you're willing to learn the basics of using a CLI (and bitcoin core's CLI is as easy as it gets) and doesn't suffer from electrums security flaw.
Download the Core, open the Debug Window (in the help dropdown) click on the command line tab, type help and you'll see all you can do.
@_date: 2019-01-22 19:33:39
I'll take that to mean you agree with the points I've presented (or can't think of any counterargument), yet don't like what is implied by the facts. Sad.
This is the problem with, not only this subject, but the whole of Reddit and, on a larger scale, all social media. It's not a place to find information and intelligent discussions supported by facts and research, it's a place to find regurgitated memes, infographics and people blindly accepting what they see as fact.
This is the age of misinformation, not information.
I can find a plethora of information supporting any point of view. I can turn that into misleading charts and put a caption supporting my beliefs or desires... and poof! It's fact.
*How about not judging anything based on one single factor* and instead looking at the whole picture. There's likely a reason this thread in particular loves to use the phrase "don't look at." To me that would be a clear indication that there's far more evidence to the contrary of the popular oppinion.
This may be an extreme, but take Hitler for example. I could list a hundred things that would make him seem to have been the greatest leader in German history- after all, there's a reason he was Time Magazine's "Man of The Year" in 1939. By neglecting to take all the facts into account I've done something no better than blatantly lying. And worse, telling people to not consider the bigger picture, and instead consider a single piece of data taken out of context, you're in essence telling people not to make their own judgement based on all available information.
Reddit would be a far better place I'd subs meant to be platforms for discussion were not simply a place for supporters of the topic to to verbally felaciate each other.
@_date: 2019-01-03 16:22:11
I know this is not a popular thing to say, but I think it's time for a new Cryptocurrency. Surely not anything in existence currently, but Bitcoin is more than a decade old. When it was created, the technological landscape was so different. Everyone had a PC or a Laptop, now 70% of Americans exclusively use mobile devices for non-work related activities. That number is just going to keep tilting towards mobile devices, leading to more centralization and a network not equipped to run natively on mobile devices. Mining is incredibly inefficient and has become completely centralized among a few major pools. The 10 minute block time sets the limit on transaction confirmation time and it will never be able to compete with other central payment platforms.
I'm not saying Bitcoin isn't revolutionary, but at its core it is just a piece of software. Software can be upgraded only for so long before a new edition must be released.
Certainly taking from bitcoins concepts, and learning from its mistakes, I believe the next revolution could begin. I can't think of a single time in history anyone has ever gotten something 100% right the first time.
I think the only reason there hasn't been development is because the current system is still making a lot of people money on a daily basis (I mean the companies involved.)
I have nothing bad to say of bitcoin, I just think that  with the right motivations and the correct team, something completely new could arise that solves all the pitfalls of the Blockchain 1.0 Cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2018-11-25 09:19:05
I didn't time the market, rather I saw an opportunity to sell at a very overinflated price. I probably would have sold for anything over $10k, but I was out of the country on vacation leading up to the ATH and, since I had everything stored on a full node on a dedicated server at home, didn't have access to sell until I returned, which happened to be at just the right time. Nevertheless, all the technicals at the time showed the instability of the price, including bitcoin specific technicals like mempool size and growth rate, and subsequent txfee. I sold at the instant I saw a spike in mempool size correlated with a statistically relevant 10 minute decline in price. 
I still occasionally post here because I still subscribe to the sub, and it bothers me to read posts or comments that declare information as fact with no supporting data.
@_date: 2019-01-03 05:31:18
But to get a real picture, both highs and lows must be considered.
@_date: 2019-01-21 09:38:25
It should be judged by its technology, its forward looking innovations and the practicality of it achieving its stated purpose.
"Hodlers" are a virus upon the ecosystem. Often by definition, hippocrates. With one sentence they condemn the current financial institution, and the woes which plague it: disproportionately distributed wealth leading to massive class gaps, the failure of the Reaganomic platform due to hoarding of wealth by the top 1-2% and vast pay gaps. Spit in the faces of the Reserve Banks and deficit spending- without understanding that the purpose of those systems is to ensure growth in an economy, by stimulating spending and creating the accumulation of debt, which in turn drives motivation (or at minimum a need) to work. Work builds infrastructure, creates export which we hope to trade with others and gives our new notes value. A desire to escape the mundane of a life living off unskilled labor leads to motivation for innovation- the more we innovate, the more we can lay down our picks and axes and hand them to our partners in trade who lack the creativity we express as a population.
Is the system perfect? Far from it. It is incredibly flawed. But bitcoin (nor any digital currency) was not the first attempt at a free economy either- there have been many and all have failed within a couple decades.
Look at the Free Banking system in the US in the 1860s, it bares striking resemblance to the cryptocurrency revolution. It's ultimate demise was the unregulated and extreme proliferation of new currencies, each taking small value from one another, poor arbitrage between non-liquid free markets, difficulty of obtaining or setting a single medium of exchange and a lack of backing other than by the power and resources vested in the minting agents themselves.
Back to "hodlers," what is it that you are doing that will eventually lead to demise of the coin? You are hindering innovation, decreasing liquid currency supply, and attempting to profit off the pyramid of difficulty ladders and reward halvings, so that you might get rich without effort nor innovation.
But you see, what you are creating is not a currency, but a collector's item: no different than baseball cards. Correct in your statement that the more who refuse to sell, the higher goes the price- but that creates a system where the developers, arguably those with the greatest stake in the coin, need not innovate, but simply watch their reserves grow in paper value. Absent this unnatural growth caused by nothing more than the "collector's phenomenon," the holders of the coin would need to find a different pathway to increase its worth- a pathway involving ingenuity, innovation and improvement. But, inherently lazy, without that motivation driven by a lust for more, not present artificiality, innovation slows to but a mere trickle.
The rest is fairly obvious. If you believe in a true, free currency for all, then it is up to you to contribute. Contribute to the network by mining (even if it's a break even game), or running a full node. More importantly, contribute to the economy by spending, **not hodling.** 
Don't think this is geared toward the entire audience of this sub. I see a fairly even split among those who understand the concept and are true supporters, and those who would be better off trading baseball cards for what it's worth.
I implore and encourage any intelligent, well thought out counterargument in rebuttal to my theories laid forth here. I'll take the usual accusations of being some sort of paid employee for the evil block corporations or misdirected insults as further validation to my point.
@_date: 2019-01-21 17:17:12
At first glance I thought it was coin*source.* I didn't get what the big deal was.  Then I saw the coin*star.* That's an interesting move. But then again, I haven't used a coin coinstar since I got a debit card at 18. KYC is pretty standard ever since the ruling in Texas. I live in NY. With the Bitlaws, here most Bitcoin ATMs now require a fingerprint and/or face pic, a photo ID scan (some require a US passport) if over $500, AND a 2FA phone confirmation (can't be a prepaid.) When I was first mining (and was living off it) 2 years ago, all that was required was the text confirmation. I'd print a paper wallet with the core &amp; a QR generator and hit up the closest one in The Heights. Within a couple months they were locked down. If I was lucky I'd find someone buying as I went to sell and skip the 10% fees. But so many people thought I was trying to scam them, even though I'd tell them I'd wait until 6 confirms before they had to pay me. More often than not they'd decline and pay the 10% fee and I'd have to too.
@_date: 2019-01-22 19:55:28
I don't own one, so I only know what is stated on their website. And my question remains... Why is it somehow a superior option to storing that same seed, encrypted, either as a QR code or encrypted plain text on any other physical media- or to store an encrypted file on any secure digital media? It still seems like a gimmick, because once that seed is used, transferred to the phone or computer with their companion app, it becomes just as insecure. And I just saw bluetooth connectivity listed as a feature on Trezzor's site. So I'd say some do have wireless.
@_date: 2018-11-21 08:07:50
It's only the people who, despite steady downtrend, refuse to sell anything. Yep. They're the only ones that understand bitcoin.
People "Hodling" like if they were to sell, they'd be giving away the Mona Lisa and they'd never be able to get it back.
Being a "Hodler" just proves you're an idiot, because even when it was (or is) obvious the price is slipping, you continue to hold.
Ever hear or strategy? Buy low, sell high? It's not buy high and then refuse to sell until it's at a price higher than you paid (which it never will be,) all along the way "buying the dips" and digging yourself in deeper.
The issue is not principle, it's technology. Bitcoin is like Windows XP and PoW is a decade old, highly inefficient, flawed technology. Yes there are BIPs and steady updates, but in the end Bitcoin is a piece of software (with third party software that may provide some additional features or aid in the network.) Windows XP was supported by Microsoft up until a few years ago. There were regular updates to support the dying OS remaining on some old equipment, and that helped, but buy a new peripheral and try and find XP drivers. Try to get XP running smoothly on a 9th gen core processor with 32 gigs of RAM. Try gaming with that PC. Or try building a web site with Adobe GoLive- good luck! That's why, along with updates, software needs new versions as well- it needs to stay current.
Just because there's a limited supply of something doesn't make it valuable. I can only shit 21 million pounds in my life, but I doubt I'll be able to pay for anything with it.
Using random number generation/brute forcing SHA256 (or any algorithm) hashes in order to ensure that x amount of electric is needed to mine a block is not viable. It was when all the electric you needed was a CPU- mining farms pulling megawatts is just a stupid attempt to continue a flawed system while the real bag holders cash out.
Why do you think every peak is followed by a sharp dip, then a slow and steady decline to lower than it was prior to the peak? Because people with billions in Bitcoin (on paper) need to cash out without killing the market to a point that's unrecoverable. So they pump it up, then concisely sell off.
BITCOIN CAN NEVER BE A VIABLE CURRENCY! WHY? BECAUSE IT CAN NEVER SCALE TO A POINT WHERE A REASONABLE NUMBER OF TRANSACTIONS CAN TAKE PLACE. BECAUSE THE DEVELOPERS HAVE MADE THEIR MILLIONS AND IT MALES MORE SENSE FOR PEOPLE WITH THE EXPERTISE TO WORK ON PROJECTS THAT WILL CONTINUE TO CONTRIBUTE TO THEIR OWN WEALTH, NOT GIVE AWAY THEIR INNOVATION FOR FREE TO A SYSTEM MILKED DRY.
I bought my first sum of Bitcoin in 2011. I spent them almost immediately. They served their purpose for me, so I have no regrets about not saving them.
In late 2016, seeing the emergence of unregulated markets (starting just with shapeshift) as what would be the largest boom in bitcoin history, as well as give value to altcoins like never before, I bought $60k worth of assorted algorithm ASIC miners. I quit my job because I didn't need it. I wrote programs to automate profit switching according to my own future prediction algorithms. There was one week near the end of August 2017 that I made $60k in a week mining EMC2 just before a major burn in future supply that sent the price up 3000%.
And on that day a year ago when it hit ATH, about an hour before BTC touched $20k, I sold EVERYTHING. Why? Because after a year of being the biggest proponent of BTC, I saw so clearly that it could never be what people predicted. I knew even $8k a year ago would have been too high. It was sheer market manipulation.
I was too lazy to sell my miners at the same time. Had I, I would have doubled what I paid for them to boot. But it was a drop in the bucket so who cares. It was a fun and successful run.
I'm only still part of this thread because I enjoy reading misinformed posts.
Please, almighty Hodlers, what don't I understand about bitcoin? And for that matter, what do you understand?
What is a Merkel root?
What does an S9 actually do?
Describe to me the steps in mining a block...
Why is half the blockchain full of non-propogating transactions?
Why has difficulty continued to rise despite dilution across multiple forks?
Besides the old, worn-out supply and demand argument, why will bitcoin be worth more than the already overinflated price it's at now?
Why can't we shorten block time? 
And if block time is 10 minutes, and you need at least one confirmation to approve a transaction, and your transaction takes place between blocks, would you sit at the sales counter for 10 minutes waiting for a screen to show approved?
And along the same logic, now the next person in line's transaction occurs right after a block, so they need to wait the maximum and so on.
And since everyone is so opposed to off chain solutions, how is it possible to solve this conundrum?
You can average bitcoin's TX/s and call it whatever, but you can't forget on chain transactions are processed in BLOCKS every (targeted time of) 10 minutes, meaning there are vast gaps in time where it's just waiting.
Bitcoin will never be a payment method, or a currency for real because it can't scale and due to its fundamental system, could never scale.
 If you dispute that than read my post and argue some facts, not "I don't understand" because I assure you, I understand a hell of a lot more than you.
@_date: 2017-10-31 05:55:01
Well that's how it should work, but if you look at the network hashrate, you'll see that overall hashrate has not increased enough on a single fork to explain the difficulty increase.
@_date: 2017-10-31 05:56:52
And that's how it's always been, but now with hashrate spread across the chains, the average increase in hash rate on BTC is not significant enough to explain the massive difficulty spikes. 
@_date: 2017-10-31 07:34:01
My thinking I'd that this boost has been caused by a lot of speculation on the part of investors that don't really understand the fundamentals of cryptocurrency. People are expecting to double their assets, but when they realize that s2x will likely drop trenendously in value within the first 6 hours of trading (like bch,) they will get weary and begin to divest in everything all together. Most people are looking at their USD value, not their BTC value (as they should.) So when people don't see the huge return in USD they are expecting, along with a pull back in BTC due to some valuation spread amongst the forks, it will cause a chain reaction causing many traders to grow disillusioned with digital currencies and bitcoin and pull out, causing a rapid pull back in prices across the board. It won't change anything about the deflationary nature of BTC and BTCs value will certainly recover, but not in the immediate future. It will likely take a couple months before it gets back to where it is now. And then people will start to see that they should have used s2x to up their btc holdings and buy more in a pullback, but I just see people getting scared by a slight pullback and divesting- leading to an even larger pullback. No matter how long it takes however, BTC will always inflate in price, this mass inflation is due to misunderstanding of the way cryptos work and investors treating it like a stock rather than a currency. So I think the recent skyrocket in prices is a bubble that will pop after s2x, but that doesn't mean it won't naturally come back to this point in a short time, no matter what the pullback is.
@_date: 2017-10-31 09:22:13
Well that's the principle behind bitcoin. Rewards dwindle down at an exponential rate/currency minted per interval decreases logarithmically until it reaches 0 (where the fixed supply comes in.) But the final coin minted won't be for around 200 years. The fixed supply is just to set a point at which the reward becomes so low it is essentially 0, rather than have the deflationary trend continue to a point at which reward minted coins are so small they are negligible.
@_date: 2017-10-31 05:59:44
They'll be a major pullback, s2x will drop 75% in the first hour of trading. BTCC (BTC) will fall back below 4k when people start to realize they did not "double their coins value" (which is what is causing the most recent spike.) Likely within 6weeks it will have fully recovered and be back on track- I agree with that.
@_date: 2019-05-22 06:16:19
Well, the economy derives all most all its intrinsic value from debt. The idea being that creating debt creates an incentive to perform in order to repay it, interest adds to the system (whereas a loan carrying no interest would theoretically be paid back with no net input into the system, since loan buys item which costs X, cost is a function of work required to create, therefore if I work X to pay for item, nothing new is created by me). If interest is tacked on, then in order to pay off item costing X, I must work X plus Y%, so Y% is theoretically my input into the system, and drives Y% economic expansion (which is why interest rates are intertwined with about every facet of the US- and like economies). On a deeper, philosophical level, the system aims to solve the issue that, for the most part (especially in a very large populous, tending to lack a sense of community) the incentive for someone to work for free in order to better the community as a whole is little, and few people will. In tight-knit, small communities, social welfare, volunteer labor, etc., is much more prevalent, and it is not as necessary to encourage extra work for the good of the community in this way.
Interbank lending makes up the majority of lending, in terms of volume, carried out by banks. There are restrictions- the interest rate charged may not exceed the federal Reserve rate (so generally the FRR is the rate charged), there is a maximum amount per lending cycle, and direct back and forth loans are not permitted (although that doesn't prevent bank A lending to B, B to C, and C back to A). That is one factor that keeps the amount of money created in this way from becoming infinite. Additionally, once cash is deposited as assurance to the fed, it cannot be withdrawn- that cash goes into a slush fund to be used exclusively in the case a bailout is necessary- which goes back to the system put in place to prevent another great depression.
Now when a bank creates the capital in order to issue a loan, the additional amount created isn't treated like a banks earnings. It may only be used to issue additional loans, and for every loan issued, a percentage must be deposited to the fed. Technically the double creation of money upon the issuance of a loan is allocated as the principle for the loan and the entire sum remaining is assurance (even though only the FRR percentage needs to be on deposit with the fed). So a bank is limited in what they can do with that remainder. It may only be used for safe (essentially zero risk) investment, and that usually implies it may only be used for interbank loans- although certain activities such as currency swaps, etc. may take place provided the wealth remains in the system. However, any interest received from lending out that extra money to banks is pure profit, and since the fed ensures to cover the liabilities of any bank which fails, it is zero risk. They could not, however, use that cash to cover withdrawls for debit accounts for individuals or companies, nor use it for mortgages unless they were granted federal subsidies, or make stock investments with it.
In the end, the bank's balance sheets continue to grow from interest earned. But that doesn't keep the bank from using the cash as a safety net when issuing high risk loans, since they structure loans to individuals using excessively high interest rates, and should the holder default after paying say 50% of the loan back, whatever remainder was owed can be taken from the reserve assurance funds which have limitations and added to the general balance sheet of the bank.
Now, while this money does technically exist, considering it can almost never be used for anything except interbank lending or covering losses from defaulting loans (it could not be used to pay interest on a savings account, for instance, to cover funds for a wire transfer from a checking account to another individual or company, to pay employees or executives, etc.) the money will never truly be more than a number on a balance sheet submitted to the fed, which essentially represents lending power.
Now, if you think about it, the money that is created, which actually contributes to inflation, is the interest on all the loans the bank can give out- and due to this system, a bank will almost never, except in the case of a mass recession where over 25% (possibly higher, that's an arbitrary amount) of all loans issued default at once, cascading across all or the vast majority of large banks so that loans cannot be taken to cover the amount.
It really shows just how predatory and high risk loans the banks are involved in issuing, for them to be able to need bailouts, even considering the fact that, should a bank just play it safe, 90% of their loans could default and they would still be in the black. An example of pure greed.
I think of it in terms of loans because the economy is inherently backed in debt. But when it comes to deposits, a similar system exists- except in that case it is reversed, in that the bank must only hold the FRR of all deposits. This cash is much more liquid, and a bank can do anything with it it wants, invest it in high risk developing nations, issue credit cards at ridiculous interest rates, issue class C high risk mortgages, etc. So a bank will spend its customer's funds even though it does not need to. When it comes to banking activities however, loans (be them to individuals or other banks) make up 90% of a banks total earnings.
@_date: 2019-05-21 22:43:53
Well technically it's overcurrent, not usually overvoltage that causes electrical fires in the circuitry (another story when a non-switching power supply or more commonly a 110v single-phase AC motor is plugged into a 220v socket with two hot ends, 180 out of phase). Although the number of people who think that a line rated for 10A at 110v, can handle 10A at 220v as well is astounding. Ohms law is about the easiest electrical formula that you can have. 
W=VA (i.e. 1000W == 4.55A, while 1000W == 9.1A, noting that a 220V breaker is bi-pole, so it can be thought of as 2 independent yet single-trip breakers- as they are connected by a bar; also, always good to check the actual voltage coming into your house with an appropriately rated multimeter &lt;SET TO V~, NOT A!&gt;, as in the US, 215v-250v/108v-225v range can occur depending on your electricity source, and that will dictate the breaker you need, as a rule, I use at least 20% higher rated breaker than my intended load, and ensure the breaker is about 30% below the wiring and outlet rating; obviously total resistance of the circuit, efficiency at continuous vs. 60Hz half duty, etc., also factor in, but that rule is good enough for pretty much all non scientific applications). 
I will say that when it comes to mining, I've seen some very rookie mistakes made by people trying to wire up their own 220v. Most common mistakes seem to be people using far over-rated breakers (thinking more amps is being "on the safe side" (?)), I saw one person buy 18Ga SJT C13 cables with NEMA L14-50 connectors, a common mistake I often see is people using neutral for ground in a 220v outlet, so many times, people think it's OK to rearrange existing wiring (as long as they replace the plug they think they're good), taking the neutral from a 5-15 plug and moving it to L2 of a double-play breaker- without even looking at the wiring (which is often under-rated to begin with), the worst is when people take a 10A rated plug and rearrange it to form an ungrounded 220V, and throw a 15A breaker on there because they can't find a 220V breaker smaller, then of course there's the people that keep getting blown breakers, so they think it's the right thing to just add a bigger breaker- as if you can just keep upping the amperage to meet your needs without any other consideration. Using the N-line of 110v wiring for the second hot line in order to achieve 220v is a bad idea, especially in old houses, particularly those built during WWII, as N-lines were often made deliberately thinner to conserve copper, considering the flow is only expected to always be less than that of the hot line (even if your wiring says it's rated for up to 600v- that is a factor of insulation, as higher voltages "gap" and can jump from wire to wire much easier, causing short, but it says very little of the core).
Datacenters should be using GFI breakers to protect equipment damage, as well as PDU's that have adequate surge protection and (ideally) individual trip secondary breakers (which prevents an entire circuit from going down in the event of a single unit PSU failure which results in overdraw). Quality GFI combo breakers should trip much faster than a standard breaker (which, in the event of a short, requires the terminals in the breaker reach a critical temperature- causing the trip- which can happen in anywhere from 500ms to over 2 seconds in the case of a high amp breaker- depending on the situation, this can result in melted wires, fire, electrical shock, blowing of the main breaker, etc., and certainly damage to any equipment), a GFI (ground fault interrupter) trips anywhere from tens to a few hundred milliseconds in the event of a short (depending on the quality), this can save equipment and prevent catastrophe.
From my experience, while equipment damage is common (and unavoidable from a mistake like this), the number one cause of electrical fires results from people needing to put more load on a circuit not designed for it. It's the heat caused by semi-shorts in the walls that causes fires. The one nice thing about old asbestos wiring, is that it didn't burn or melt.
**One thing I'm surprised you didn't mention was how inexperienced people deal with industrial (in the US, I know the UK it's commonplace in homes as well) _triple-phase wiring_, especially considering this is the setup in many datacenters**
Particularly because of the varying voltages (120/208 {UK primarily}; 277/480 &amp; 347/600 {277/480 being most common in US, but 347/600 can sometimes be found in heavy industry}), and the Y or DELTA configurations. Most residential electricians refer to residential 220v as double/dual/two-phase. Not really incorrect, since 220v residential is technically two 110v 60Hz AC cycles (phases), 180 out of phase, such that they cancel each other out (they don't actually cancel each other out in the traditional sense, but the negative potential of one phase is always the inverse of the positive potential of the other- in other words, a push/pull sort of system). Technically, this is still considered single phase however, due to the 180 phase angle meaning both phases are in a balanced system (purpose of the Neutral). Triple-phase systems have 3 component phases 120 out of phase with each other. A Y-configuration provides all three phases available, while a delta configuration provides redundancy. Y configuration is most used in heavy industrial AC motors. Delta configs are more common in commercial buildings, where a transformer may exist on each floor, or where a single transformer will exist to step down voltage and convert the phase. 60Hz is still standard in most of the US.
**In my experience, even many qualified electricians don't know how to properly wire triple phase systems to achieve single or double phase voltages. They don't understand the importance of neutral in a 240v wiring. They don't understand how 2 component phases can't just be grabbed at random and made to make a 2-hot leg circuit. And they have a hard time understanding the role of neutral in regulating voltage. This causes a lot of issues when datacenters take up residence in industrial space without having the appropriate 180 out of phase 220v/60Hz wiring completely switched out, converting Y configs to delta configs (best option since it provides redundancy but probably requires a transformer swap, or, in many cases, purchasing an industrial step-down UPS (which is common for massive full center redundant backups) or a triple phase PDU. Another common error is that engineers assume 3-phase is 3-phase and purchase a PDU meant for a delta config and blow it up plugging it into a Y config.**
**As far as plugs go...** In my home, I exclusively run all grounded 220v capable electronics off of 220v- mainly servers, PCs, network peripherals, etc.. I have an abundance of NEMA 5-15P-&gt;C13/C15&amp;C19 cables. All SJT 3/C 14Ga-12Ga (and a few 16Ga; I threw out any 18Ga, as even though they are what comes with a standard 750W PSU, they're technically only rated for around 500W- also less efficient, especially if pushing the current, which adds up if hulu have as many connected high wattage devices as I do). Besides for maybe a monitor, I don't even go as low as 16Ga. *Now I know that a quality NEMA 5-20R is internally identical to a 6-20R, and in fact, a quality 5-20R can be twice as robust as a cheap 6-20R.*
So I WILL use 5-20R sockets for 220v (well it's closer to 248v in my house) purposes. *I DO HOWEVER HAVE SOME RULES I ALWAYS ABIDE BY.* Firstly, I only use single socket receptacles. I only use high quality receptacles. I never use old wiring, even if it's rated safe. I coat the inside of the gang boxes in spray on electrical insulation. I ensure all connections to the receptical are as tight as possible and thoroughly spiraled around any screws, using a needle-nose. I use double grounding and triple insulated wire BX (i.e. shielded ground) to the panel block, plus a separate, single, insulated, stranded grounding wire which connects to both my septic and fresh water plumbing. For their wall plates, I only use red (if I can't find red, I spray paint them). The outlet itself I paint black with a thin layer of liquid electrical tape. Finally I use my label maker to make 3 labels, 1 that says *WARNING, NON-STANDARD OUTLET"* and one beneath it reading *L-G-L 220V Outlet*, and finally *RATED APPLIANCES ONLY*. I will only use a single receptacle per breaker, for which I use a 10A GFI combo breaker. Since the issue that arises from using 220V on a NEMA 5 outlet comes from overdrawing the power and using too large breakers, and confusion about what the outlet is, I think my solution solves both. Anyone e dumb enough to try to use a black outlet with a red wall plate, that says it's a special outlet right on it, would have to be retarded, even if the plug fits. And considering I'll only use a breaker that will trip at 1/2 the rated amperage, or in the case of a ground fault, and I'm using at least 14Ga THHN wiring, and a safety fault ground, plus a breaker combo GFI directly wired to a single receptacle- I'd say it's safer than most 220v circuits utilizing any NEMA 6.
@_date: 2019-05-22 01:44:08
21m is a completely arbitrary number. The only relevance is that the number of units must be a multiple of 21 and 10. Why not say there are 2 quadrillion 100 trillion satoshi? The minimum denomination is governed only by the smallest economically feasible transaction. Actually, in that way, *higher* transaction fees (denominated in BTC) would have the counterintuitive effect of *increasing* the price of 1BTC. But then it starts to get very convoluted, because if we are assessing a primary factor in the price of BTC as being its advantageously low transaction fees, then we must compare transaction fees to their USD (or whatever fiat) equivalent- and as BTC price increases, assuming transaction fees do not decrease at a proportional rate (which we have never seen before), then a higher BTC price equates to a higher transaction cost (especially considering transaction fees are independent of the actual amount transacted), making smaller payments increasingly infeasible- and taking away from the intrinsic value.
Your model also assumes that the finite supply of bitcoin will lead to increased value. Since BTC isn't a collector's item, rather a currency (or possibly a store of value), then the cap becomes inhibitory to its practical use. Furthermore, the model also assumes that fiat put into the system is equivalent to the price. That is unrealistic, considering the network has inherent maintenance costs and as in any economy, people who take more of their fair share. 
The model would also only work if bitcoin became a resource which was prohibitively expensive to acquire, also something which would hinder its adoption.
I'm all for global adoption, but I don't believe that will coincide with a proportionally higher price. I've found that the people that seem to want these prohibitively high prices, are the same ones that cry HODL. Using any logic, it's obvious that hoarding BTC will only serve to hinder its adoption.
At this point, while price may wildly fluctuate due to FOMO and other psychological factors, I do not see BTC reaching anywhere near the population saturation you seem to expect until its price is reasonable, the minimum transaction amount is decreased, and people stop hoarding it and instead using it. For that to occur however, we will need to see a stable price for a long enough period to dismiss the notion that people will be getting rich from simply hoarding. In any economic system, hoarding almost always is less effective than investment. The only exception, and it's not an economic system, is in collectors items. But you can't cut a baseball card up and have it retain the same value- and while there's some novelty in owning 1BTC, it is not as if 1BTC is a tangible thing.
Saying there will be 21million BTC is actually a misnomer. In reality, when the last bitcoin is mined, the sum of all accounts on the bitcoin ledger will be equal to 21million. Truthfully, there is no such thing as a bitcoin, and "a bitcoin" is just as real as "a satoshi". Just because a satoshi is a decimal and a bitcoin is a whole number, doesn't mean anything.
This ideal is akin to saying there are only one billion hundred dollar bills (made up number, but irrelevant), so if I own 101 singles, I own one hundred dollar bill. Or inversely, if I have a hundred dollar bill, I can only buy something worth $100. When in fact, what that hundred dollars can buy is made up my man. If only hundreds exist, and I invent the single, the most logical outcome would be an inflationary event on the order of 100x, because now there is 100x more units of worth which can be traded for goods. Lower cost items can be purchased, and the entry barrier into the economy disappears.
@_date: 2019-05-21 01:58:05
Or base\/64... eventually the price will form abstract art in HTML.
Also, on a side note, that number seems to mess with currency converters, because last I checked 1BTC was worth upwards of $2mil US according to BitcoinVenezuela.
@_date: 2019-05-28 18:28:57
I find that this sub is full of people who lack even the most basic understanding of economics. The issue you point out is completely valid at the moment, although there is no reason why this could not be solved in the future via some unknown mechanism. A conveyance of value should be malleable in order to be considered a true currency. A currency should be the most basic building block of monetary system. After all, is a dollar bill worth anything more than a dollar spent with a debit card, digitally? I would hope not. In order for a bitcoin to reach that level of utility, it must be able to process transactions as fast as they are made- since the blockchain by definition can only confirm about every ten minutes, and shortening that time is not really feasible, the solution will likely need to be off-chain. Lightning is a decent try, but far from a viable solution for everyday use. However, I see no cause which would be prohibitive of near instant confirmation, just lack of a present solution.
The real issue lies with the idea of bitcoin becoming a one world currency- which is seemingly the hope of many posters here. **No matter how perfect a single currency was, digital or analog, how fast, how secure, A ONE WORLD CURRENCY WILL NEVER EXIST IN OUR CURRENT SOCIETY OR AT ANY POINT  IN THE NEAR-TERM EVOLUTION OF HUMAN CIVILIZATION- AND NOT WITHOUT A TOTAL COLLAPSE OF NOT ONLY THE GLOBAL ECONOMY AS IT STANDS, BUT A COMPLETE COLLAPSE AND REFORMATION OF HUMAN SOCIETY. In order for a one world currency to work, there would be a need for the world to come together as one, free of greed and united under a common goal of social welfare and equality.**
I'd be willing to wager that the vast majority of this sub is made up of the group holding the top 10% of the world's wealth- of very close to that category: i.e. pretty much all individuals living in the developed, western world and earning an amount above the poverty line (if not personally than a dependent of someone who fits that group).
People discredit the current global economy, touting an unregulated, direct currency model, free of growth driven inflation, as such an obvious solution, that anyone who can't see how it would be the bandaid to fix the international monetary system must just not understand how money works. When in fact it is the complete opposite. They fail to realize that an exact system has existed, in pretty much every geographical area, at some point in the past- and has always failed within three decades or less- except where a single, seemingly infinite, natural resource drives the entire nation's economy (i.e. oil exporting nations). One of the major points of failure in such a system is an idea which is constantly echoes throughout this sub- the idea of hoarding (or "hodling", if you will) money in order to reap some profit- with the expectation that the economy will grow, yet the monetary supply will not (or that the monetary supply will grow at a rate far slower tha  economic expansion). This, in reality, causes an economy to stagnate, discourages investment and innovation, and creates a system which makes escalation of personal economic status increasingly prohibitive. One needn't look further than the US monetary system just following the civil war (the first attempt at an economy devoid of slavery) to see a parallel to what cryptocurrency aims to be and discover the numerous shortcomings (although the distributed ledger does solve *some* of the issues that plague a direct currency based economy).
Few realize the luxury they are afforded because the current monetary system. Driven by strategic over-lending for massive infrastructure works, to developing nations- and followed by a system of hyperinflation of those nation's fiat to repay the loans, which in turn is held in reserves by the lender (like the World Bank or IMF) to prevent local economic crisis, but nevertheless is counted in terms of a floating currency's price against the central reserve currency(s). Which results in the creation of a strictly internal currency (like the INR), that is relatively valueless internationally, allowing a currency like the USD to pay for labor at a highly discounted rate, while the laborer in the developing nation is able to survive (albeit in absence of any luxury) of the wages he is paid- provided he spends his earnings entirely on products containing materials which originate from and are manufactured in solely the internal economy (which is usually the nation by itself, but may include other nearby developing nations which trade in local economies of scale).
This system cannot work in a one world economy/one world currency, nor can it exist in transparent economy- yet it is what allows us privileged enough to live and work in the first world to work less than a tenth the amount of human labor it took an item to be created (from raw material to assembled and shipped product, excluding the amount of work done purely by machines- but including the human labor necessary to build, maintain and produce power for, the machines), yet receive sufficient compensation to purchase the item.
In a truly fair and balanced economy, an iPhone would cost (assuming all variables, such as average pay, etc. were the same) an iPhone would cost as much as a mid-range luxury automobile, and a mid-range luxury automobile (like a Lexus) would cost as much as a middle class home. The reason they cost so little for us, that a week or two of work at a computer is enough to buy one, is because the people putting in the most labor (in terms of effort, not skill) to create them, would need to work for decades to be able to afford one. Even in the case of something such as a vehicle assembled locally in the US, the price is kept low by an abundance of parts, raw materials and semi-processed materials coming from cheap labor.  (
But again, a truly balanced and fair system which would be required in parallel to a single currency cannot exist, due to human nature, as a system as described could only exist in a world completely free of greed and corruption or one where machines were responsible for at least 99% of all manual labor and/or 51% of all labor including abstract labor- labor requiring only thought/decision; this becomes a philosophical question at some point, and some believe the system could be achieved at the point where 100% of our energy needs are perpetual, which some could argue that all 3 conditions would be met simultaneously.
Note: of course it becomes difficult to compare the value of skilled and unskilled labor and manual versus intellectual labor, but these factors aside, the labor compensation disparity is extremely apparent.
All wealth is, is the quantitative value of the amount of work one can get other individuals to perform for them. This is a system made to effectively replace forced labor as a means of wealth and comfort. The labor is still forced, only there is a perceived freedom, but when someone must work far more than would be required to generate the food and shelter necessary for their survival, yet can only afford a meager diet and home, it is hard to argue that person is truly free.
 When normalized and factoring in the leeches on the system, who take the most yet contribute nothing, if a person's hourly wage is placed on a scale of the entire world population, from one to a hundred, those earning a value close to fifty are earning a fair wage. You'll find very few people in this group, and you'll find a disproportionate amount of people below fifty to above. In reality, about 90% of the world by population, slaves to provide a comfortable life for about 10% of the population. But even a majority of that 10% (about 9% total) of the population is working for  1% of the population's personal gain.
So to those expecting to get rich, by hoarding bitcoin, as it achieves global adoption: you should understand that this is an impossible combination of events and adoption cannot come about if the currency is hoarded, global adoption would require (or possibly result in) a balance in the global economic system, which would result in a loss of wealth from most of the developed world.
@_date: 2018-12-03 11:46:15
I thought this was old news. Bitcoin.com has been promoting BCH under the bitcoin banner since the fork. They've had auto profit-switch as an option for quite some time, but their auto-switch algorithms are not public and furthermore they don't state whether their mechanism is calculated using traditional means (market price and difficulty as the sole variables) or complex methods using future price prediction as well.
So if profit-switch is enabled by a miner, they can pretty much use whatever logic they want to move them to a different chain.
This is the kind of shit that makes me lose faith in bitcoin. The widespread corruption among the largest players. Of course scams are rampant throughout the industry, but you'd hope that the largest pools wouldn't employ loopholes to deceive miners.
Their mining pool has always been deceitful though and their cloud mining is such a joke, especially when you read their intentionally confusing FAQ and their explanation of how they're losing money by offering cloud mining but it gives them "more working capital." Pure BS.
@_date: 2018-12-23 04:25:21
Yea, and get a fucking PC and run a full node. Like no one runs full nodes anymore. Of you're running Electrum, you might as well have your coins in a web-wallet secured by a mnemonic seed. The official electrum client relies on electrum servers connected to full nodes (usually on localhost, i.e. on the same person's server) but nowadays there's so many knock-offs (especially for mobile devices) that don't even use nodes, they get the balance by querying blockchain explorer APIs and then submit your xpriv to online wallets with APIs to make payments.
When you connect to an official electrum server, you can hope that the server is up to date, that the person running it isn't malicious, that they have TLS configured correctly, etc. And you can try to find a server that says it doesn't log, but the fact of the matter is you're transporting your private keys every time you send from an Electrum Wallet (along with your IP address), to a server that hasn't undergone any type of approval process, that can easily capture your keys and that may very well have misconfigured TLS and opened you up to MITM attacks.
Contribute something to the network. Help maintain decentralization. Run a full, unpruned node, keep your computer running 24/7 if possible.
Yea it takes 3days-4weeks to sync (depending on your computer) and needs to either stay on to stay in sync, or catch up for 20 minutes if you let it lapse a day. And yea it uses 280GB (put the blockchain on an external hard drive) but it's the only way to actually have 100% control over your keys and coins.
You can know your keys but if you need to send them to someone you don't know to make a spend, are you really in control?
Seriously, nodes are becoming more centralized than mining.
If you say you support bitcoin, than support it, sacrifice some hard drive space and take the time to sync up your node. Also make sure to ensure port forwarding is configured in your router so you can accept incoming connections.
If you're a tinkerer, you can even find the major pool's node IPs and add them manually, so your transactions instantly propagate to the mining nodes. 
@_date: 2018-12-30 20:39:15
That's not true. The core has more features than electrum- it just requires use of the CLI. Honestly, you shouldn't be using multi-sig in the first place if you can't figure out how to generate an address using the CLI.
Open up the debug window CLI tab, type `help' and you'll *see* how much you can do and the information you can ascertain with the core node that you can't with electrum.
Electrum relies on the core node for all of its functionality, save their proprietary mnemonic seed backup algorithm, which is much less secure than BIP33 (which can be generated with the core; electrum literally provides you with the dictionary to carry out an attack on its addresses, and it doesn't use an EC in its cryptographic process, meaning the encryption entropy is low and the nonces are predictable). 
I could order some RIPEMD-160 ASIC chips for $2/piece and have a Chinese fabricator design a PCB using some cheap 22nm SHA-256 chips and the RIPEMD chips, replace cgminer or bfgminer's computational sections with the ultra optimized vanitygen algos for brute forcing priv keys, switch out stratum for JTR-style threaded rainbow tables based on a few hundred thousand rounds of  mnemonic generation using electrum's suite- along with some open source code analysis, and in a month I could create a machine that could generate and test hundreds of thousands to millions of mnemonics per second.
The only reason this hasn't been an active practice is because destroying bitcoins keypair-cryptography (or at least appearing to have done so) would send the price under a dollar in 24hours. An update would be patched within a few days and it should be a lot of hard work for nothing. But I wouldn't be surprised if this is occurring actively on a small scale, with old addresses presumed to be "lost." Even if an active address was hit, as long as it wasn't overdone, people would shrug it off as a physical compromise of their own network/machine/software, not an epidemic- but considering the frequency of exchanges getting "hacked" and the actual ease by which the attack could be carried out, I think there's an equal possibility that the security is already completely compromised.
Theoretically all mnemonic backups are inherently insecure (as is any password using dictionary words, no matter how long) but at least using ECDHE and a deterministic seed, you're actually getting a password with a strength equal to that of the sum of its characters as ASCI to BASE/56 encoded bits. Without that, you may as well have a 12 character passphrase (with the possible characters equal to the number of words in the abridged electrum dictionary.) So it's {POSSIBLE WORDS}^12 for electrum vs. something closer to {(POSSIBLE WORDS*60)*(POSSIBLE HD-SEEDS)}^256 for a BIP33 mnemonic using SecP256k ECDHE algo (assuming average number of letters in a word are 5 and HD seeds are pseudo-random.) But mnemonic seeds are still insecure even with BIP33. Use the core wallet and you get a key with true randomness using entropy from blockchain derived sources, 2 rounds of SHA-256 and a final RIPEMD-160 round with a 256-Bit secret generated in conjunction with with an extremely secure ECDHE curve=trillions upon trillions of possibilities. That not only makes a single key harder to break, it means there is a much less likely chance of someone randomly guessing secrets and testing them to see if they come out to a funded address in the whole scheme of things.
It's like if I tried to break into every Dell server. If many people were using weak passwords, and I could try a password on all of them at the same time- I'd surely crack a bunch, and make Dell look bad as a company, even though the servers were inherently fine. Keeping the network strong means making sure you do your part to save face, after all bitcoin is owned and CONTROLLED by the userbase.
As a side note, RIPEMD was only used in the public scheme along with SHA256 (despite being significantly weaker) because at the time SHA256 was the only widely implemented and highly secure algorithm- meaning it could be as widely adopted and widely mined as possible. So SHA-256 was the logical choice for the main block algorithm. There wasn't another option for the wallet address' scheme that would be secure tunneling enough and still computationally feasible and easy to integrate. So SHA-256 was most secure, but without the round of RIPEMD-160 as the deterministic round, wallets could be brute forced at the same time as mining, with the same hardware.
*For the most secure, fool-proof, uncrackable wallet, here's what I do/used to do: Use the Core node to bake Segwit P2SH addresses. I don't use HD wallets period, but HD is secure enough as long as you're using a truly random secret. Remember that the secret in a BIP33 HD wallet is the master privkey, additionally, each address has it's own xpriv, which, considering the combinations possible, saving the individual xprivs makes the most sense anyway. If you plan on spending the coins soon, just secure the wallet .dat file with a strong 16+ character (A-Z,a-z,()$&amp;^@ passphrase (this is just the wallet file pw it has nothing to do with your addresses) then just throw the wallet on a flash drive or better yet an SD card or 2 and call it a day. 
For addresses you plan to put on ice for a while, concat your coins into a handful of accounts, don't store more than $1,000/address. Then using the `dumpprivkey' Core CLI command (I think that's the command, it's something like that, type help and you'll see it if I'm wrong), a text encrypting program (for good measure) and a barcode/QR code generator (all offline!), get the private keys for each address, encrypt the text with an easy to remember password (you'll be taking the keys offline, and storing physically, so no need to worry too much about that pass, it's better to just keep them physically safe), and then generate QR codes for each. Paste them all into a word doc with the corresponding (lightly) encrypted numbers you generated the QRs with. Print out a couple copies and then delete the addresses from the wallet.
Put those paper wallets somewhere safe. You could also split the key down the middle and store the 2 parts of the paper wallets in different places instead of encrypting the plaintext xprivs. So you'd need to scan both paper keys and paste the solutions together to access the coins.
That's all a bit extreme... in reality, unless you're super paranoid and storing millions, you'll be fine by keeping your coins in the core node with decent firewall and a good .dat passphrase.
BUT ELECTRUM IS NO GOOD!
@_date: 2019-05-22 02:08:02
I just sold (albeit for 10% fee, but I needed some cash quick in a bind), about a month ago. Got caught during a period of two ~45 minute blocks and you have to wait for 3 confirms- so it took almost 2 hours of waiting- but, yea, $300 in wrinkly cash (it's self sustaining, so you get the cash ppl put in to buy) came out.
Granted, that's only one of (I believe) three BTMs that sell, in the entirety of NYC, so I can see it being difficult to find ones that sell in less populous areas.
Also, I think because of the required bitlicense necessary to act as a fiat exchange in NY, which requires extremely rigorous AML/KYC compliance, once a company (this one is coinsource licensed and maintained by a local LLC) gets approved, it's just as easy to do sales as it is to do buys, from a regulatory standpoint. Whereas in states that don't require companies obtain a license, just adhere to some regulations, the burden of ensuring adherence to KYC/AML for sells is much harder than for buys, so they stick to just allowing purchases.
@_date: 2019-05-22 00:47:23
Well Gaddafi did try to buy Kazakhstan's left over nuclear arsenal (although that was back in 1992)- but still, that really was the beginning of the end for the country. Not that an entire nation should be punished for its botched face-lift of a dictator, but sanctions originally imposed by GHWB really put the first nail in the coffin.
Saying "The US will kill you if you don't use USD" is a massive oversimplification. Although I agree that in terms of the US and its interests, being able to give predatory loans to developing nations, then use their debt to devalue the national currency- thus creating an internal economy which allows the workforce to live (however meagerly) but at the same time use the debt to devalue the external currency to where a US corporation can pay $1/day to an Indian to work 12 hours, and that equates to enough rupees to feed is family as long as he's buying food grown in India, is necessary to facilitate our imperialistic goals.
However, people fail to realize that it also facilitates our way of living. Consider an iPhone. From raw materials to finished product, consider the manpower that was required to build that. Even subtracting the input by machines and computers, easily 10,000 man hours went into the creation of that device. 
Yet no one expects to need to work 12 hours a day for a year and spend everything they earned on the device. An average person may sit behind a computer for 35 hours a day, for 3-5 days and be able to buy an iPhone.
The reason for the gross difference is because people are getting far less than they deserve, while we get far more.
The people assembling the iPhone in Taiwan or PRC would need to work for 20 years to afford one.
We could have a one world currency, everyone could be paid a fair wage, but then say goodbye to being able to afford a new iPhone, or even a car.
This is the system that the world has had for a couple thousand of years. The only difference is we're "too civilized" now to have slaves, so we call them workers and we call our plantations developing nations.
Back to Lybia, Gaddafi may have had every right to attempt to circumvent realistically groundless sanctions, attempt to go above OPEC and get oil prices back to what they should be worth, and give a middle finger to the US- but the world isn't fair. We have a collapsing education system so we can fund a military that can smite all who defy us. That is what makes the USD powerful. That and that alone. 
Lybia was a casualty of the Arab spring. Gadaffi should have seen the CIA's work in Egypt and surrounding nations, as well as the budding campaign in Syria. It was not the time to decide to put principles first- and unfortunately it caused the sorrow of an entire nation.
I used to think the US was stupid for constantly creating it's own enemies. We gave guns and logistics to Bin Ladin and helped form Al Qaeda to fight the Mujahedeen- only to have the same group commit the first act of aggression on our soil in over 50 years. We supported both Al Assad and Gadaffi, as well as Saddam as they rose to power, then when they became our enemy, organized resistance movements that became the IS.
I see it for what it is now, we don't mess up, turn our friends into enemies, we do this on purpose. A perpetual system of destruction so we can charge to rebuild and knock it down again.
The world is casualty to our gluttony and greed. How many people died, I wonder, so that I could sit here and tap on my marvel of technology that I neither needed, nor deserved?
@_date: 2018-12-01 04:27:01
Dude, if you did the one thing you should be doing if you truly support bitcoin, and run a connectable, full node (wallet), you should know that not only is the instantaneous hash rate measurable, it's queryable via the Bitcoin CLI and the JSON API via multiple commands.
*I haven't run a full node in a year, so I can't remember the exact commands, but I believe "getnetworkinfo" &amp; "gethashps" (I might be slightly off, but something like that, just open the internal CLI of the wallet in the debug window and type "help", that will show all the commands and describe the available info.)
If you're going to tell me that I make "no sense" because you clearly blindly back a technology which you are incapable of even grasping the mist basic concepts of, you should at least avoid making incorrect statements about features that are easy to understand.
My guess is you represent 90% of the bitcoin "supporters" today. You speak of "financial freedom" and "going against established institutions" and then you leave your crypto in an exchange wallet or some other online wallet. Maybe at best you keep them in electrum, connecting to a random built in server automatically.
You probably had an opinion on segwit (if you have even known about this decade old technology you probably preach to your friends as a "revolutionary new technology") but couldn't tell a P2SH segwit and a P2SH legacy multisig address apart, and wonder what "those weird addresses are" when you see bech32 used.
Go around blindly repeating what you've read other uneducated people say, decrying off chain transactions, and think a transaction addressed to an email address is an on chain transaction.
If someone asked you to describe how mining works you'd say it works by using special mining machines to collect bits of bitcoin.
Here's a word of advice. If so.ething makes no sense to you,  assume with great likelihood it's because you lack the knowledge and common sense to comprehend it.
I don't understand the Arabic language, but I don't go around accusing native speakers of being on something because I can't understand them.
Just because information provided to you is contrary to what you'd like to believe- that bitcoin is the final revision of digital currency and lacks any flaws- does not mean it is not true. You should always check a fact you read on a forum, and many statements are incorrect, but check it before you make an insulting statement next time, or ask for a source or greater elaboration.
...Or better yet, look it up on your own and contribute something rather than stating something you clearly know nothing about.
@_date: 2018-12-01 05:37:17
Not likely the case, unless all ASIC manufacturers give up on improving the die tech, chip quality and burnt in processes used, there will be miners twice as efficient and powerful by next year's halving- meaning S9/S9i's will not be profitable at that point in time. However, considering Bitmain shipped the first batches of S9s in 2016, in retrospect probably purposely, with faulty cgminer code so they could simply optimize the code for better frequency management and stick with the same hardware but achieve better efficiency on the S9i by overclocking with better frequency management- looks as if it could be the case. In any case, their lack of effort in producing true next gen miners indicates that they see little future in mining- which is just as bad for the future mining.
@_date: 2019-05-14 10:21:37
Or, you know, buy low, sell high. The only reason to hold through obvious bearish runs is as a tax strategy. If you were in some sort of situation where taxation on short term capital gains taxes were unavoidable every time you cashed out (and/or perhaps high sales tax or fees associated with every transaction), then you would need to calculate the cost to buy in, plus the cost to sell off, and deduct that from your potential gains. Then use that value to calculate the adjusted margin of profit (the profit wall). So if you had to pay a 5% fee everytime you bought BTC, and 25% in taxes and fees when selling, then at the moment you buy in, you are at a 30% loss.
However, in reality, taxation is on the profits, and there is no long term capital gains tax incentives like with traditional assets, and even if you cannot avoid taxation on your BTC, crypto exchanges only file revenue when an actual withdrawal from the platform is undertaken (i.e. you could cash out to USDT on many exchanges or your USD wallet in Coinbase and buy back in without incurring any tax liability, as capital gains are calculated by using your initial/cumulative deposit as cost basis and your final withdrawal as earnings)... So the maximum profit wall difference incurred by buying or selling vs. holding would only be equivalent to the ((commission(nBuysSells-2))/100. That equation is in fact very oversimplified... the practical percentage difference would be even lower, since it would be expected that purchases would be incurred at lower prices, equating to lower monetary fees paid in total for commission. Furthermore, if going all-in/all-out multiple times over a period compared to once over the same period, one only need consider each buy/sell cycle as a complete investment over a shorter timeframe. I bought in again (after my first purchase in 2011 of I don't even remember, but thousands, that I spent immediately :/ although I didn't even think of it ever being an investment vehicle back then- I don't really think more than a few people did), at around $780 at the end of 2016, selling at about $17,500, and finally buying back in at about $3950 as the bear run reversed.
I mean, it's a long story, but I had been spending 14 hours a day analyzing crypto prices that year. I  thought $8,000 was overinflated and planned to sell there, but I could see it was still climbing. I happened to be traveling as it soared past $15k and on, and when my plane landed back at JFK, I immediately looked at the price and sold as fast as I could log in. So I got a little lucky, in that I probably would have sold at the first 10min dip past $15k, maybe even between $12k-$15k, but I was on a plane when it hit those prices and happened to get off at ATH. But even someone who wasn't as skilled at analyzing prices as I was, once the fee crisis kicked in, and the price fell back to around $10k just as fast as it had risen, I don't see how anyone thought the bull run was coming back anytime soon. And I know it was obvious to many people that the price was tanking, but they chose to hold.
The idea of HODLing was made up by the bitcoin whales and exchanges, and pushed on the community as if it was a positive. If someone supports adoption, the logical thing is to spend BTC, not hoard it. But whales need to keep external volume low so they can sell off as much of their own stake as possible for cash without killing the market. The mass selloff of the 2017 ATH was caused in majority by a minority of whales.
-there will always be bitcoin to buy, it won't run out.
-Hodling only helps the bitcoin billionaires unload.
@_date: 2018-12-30 21:14:52
Verifying any signature in this case would be moot seeing as the compromised software would have to come from a compromised source posing as legitimate in the first place. So the attacker would likely just fake the cert in the first place- or more realistically post the download link in the exception text and rely on the fact that most users choose electrum because they know little about the inner workings of software/IT in general and wouldn't know how to even check a pgp signature. Possibly using either a torrent magnet link to completely bypass having to use a browser to download or cloning the official site on a similar looking URL with a valid TLS cert.
It would be better to say always get your software from a trusted source (i.e. the official site with the proper matching TLS cert).
With that being said, if enough people visited the phishing site that had Google analytics embedded, it could possibly push the fake link up in the search results above the real site, leaving inexperienced users with no way of knowing what was legit.
So get your binaries from the official github project. OP should edit the post to include the official electrum website link as well for reference.
Or better yet, run the core node and help solve the ever growing issue of node centralization and lacking security of electrum mnemonics.
@_date: 2019-05-20 21:54:18
Yes you can. And im in NY- the Crypto over-regulation capital of the US. Granted the BTMs all require ID scan and sometimes even a fingerprint.
@_date: 2018-12-30 19:11:59
THAT'S RIDICULOUS!!! YOU DON'T NEED TO RUN AN ELECTRONEUM SERVER TO USE THE CORE WALLET/NODE. AND THE QT CORE IS JUST AS SIMPLE AS ELECTRUM (I THINK EASIER) PLUS IT ALLOWS FOR SO MUCH MORE FLEXIBILITY SHOULD YOU WISH TO DELVE INTO THE ADVANCED FEATURES. THE ONLY CAVEAT IS THE TIME TO SYNC AND THE SPACE REQUIRED. BUT IF EVERYONE SAID "FUCK THAT I'M NOT WASTING 250GB AND RUNNING MY WALLET 24/7 TO GET/KEEP IT SYNCED, OR WAITING FOR IT TO RESYNC EVERY TIME I WANT TO SPEND" THEN BITCOIN WOULD HAVE NO DECENTRALIZATION LEFT (WHICH HONESTLY IF YOU LOOK AT THE DECREASE IN NODES RUNNING, YOU'D SEE THAT'S WHAT'S HAPPENING.) ACTUALLY BELIEVE IN BITCOIN? THEN PUT UP OR SHUT UP!
Just run the core node! A.K.A. the full wallet. You don't need to set up an electrum server. That would only be if you wanted to contribute to the electrum network by serving as a public server. But honestly, it's much better to run the core in terms of decentralization anyway.
It requires no technical know-how! Only a couple hundred gigs of hard drive space and a week of letting the blockchain sync (for an average PC that's a few years old). And you can "prune" the node after it finishes syncing so you'll only need ~10GB of space when all's said and done (although you must have at least 250GB free to properly sync). Just download the official qt for whatever flavor of bitcoin/altcoin you need and run the installer.
It's honestly just as easy as electrum- you just need to sync first before you can spend.
Importing the xpriv's from your old electrum wallet is easy...
1. Open debug window (help&gt;debug window)
2. Click on the 'command line' tab.
3. Type `importprivkey &lt;the xpriv for your funded addresses&gt;' (no &lt;&gt;).
*To get your xpriv (AKA private keys, out of electrum, right mouse button on all your addresses with funds and select show private key. Do this for each private key, importing one by one and you're done. If the repetition is too much for you. Just send all your coins to a single address first.
**NOTE THAT YOU MAY ALSO CHOOSE TO SIMPLY GENERATE A NEW ADDRESS FROM THE GUI IN THE CORE NODE AND SEND YOUR COINS FROM ELECTRUM TO YOUR NEW NODE. YOU MAY DO THIS AS SOON AS YOU'RE DONE SETTING UP THE CLIENT- _HOWEVER YOU WON'T SEE THE TRANSACTION COME THRU UNTIL YOUR NODE SYNCS SO DON'T BE WORRIED ABOUT THAT ASPECT_ **
It'll take 7 minutes to set up and then you will not only be running securely, able to use any address format you want (including the segwit P2SH keys everyone should use for BTC), your txns and IP aren't logged by a random server, and you're helping maintain a Distributed Blockchain.
Forward the default port 8333 in your router NAT mapping and make yourself connectable to actually make a difference.
You'll probably notice your transactions confirm a tad bit faster during times of congestion as well.
@_date: 2019-05-28 19:45:44
My bad. I'm not an economist, although I've had the fortune of personally knowing a highly intelligent expert on the subject, who was able to explain the foundation in a clear enough way, that I was able to wrap my head around the ideas and concepts, and continue my self teachings. It's just such an infinitely complex system. It actually starts to make more and more sense the more you learn about it (it being the global monetary system as a whole, and the US economy in particular). 
When I first had it explained to me, it seemed so convoluted and backwards, but as I learned more, the more ingeniously inventive certain regulations and mechanisms began to appear to me. Of course it is not a system devoid of flaws and corruption, but it's also not one which was not carefully crafted through a century of trial and error.
A system like bitcoin, with it's perfect simplicity, would seem like the obvious solution to the pitfalls of the current system, but when ine bothers to do the research, it becomes apparent  that the current system is actually designed to avoid a number of pitfalls of a system like bitcoin, that become so obvious when one truly grasps the global system.
Of course it all evolved from ideas on how to replace slavery while maintaining a capitalistic system where it was still possible to obtain maintain vast power and personal wealth. The system started on a local scale and expanded to an international one- which allowed for internal and external currency and the ultimate exploitation of the developing world.
Anyway, I know I probably didn't fully answer your questions, there's just so much information, and on the microeconomic level, it becomes infinitely complex.
I highly suggest wikipedia's articles on the subject, as well as the primary sources cited by Wikipedia. Start with the article on the fractional reserve banking system and follow all the inline article links and don't proceed without fully understanding all concepts, terminology and historical background (I found that to be most useful- including the foundations starting with British colonialism and the US's/United Fruit's actions in Latin America (particularly Ecuador and Guatemala). It took my about 48 hours total to go through about 45 separate articles in depth. I did it over the course of a week I had off.
I find Wikipedia isn't always the most complete and well documented source for everything, but whomever the authors and editors were of this topic- did a very good job at explaining and detailing concepts and providing accurate historical examples.
@_date: 2018-12-01 05:13:42
If the cost of the electric the machines consume rises 25%~75% higher than the price of the bitcoins it can earn in a given period, a miner will most certainly shut off their machines. It's better than taking a loss month after month. Especially since most miners need to sell at least some BTC to pay their bills, even if they still believe in bitcoin, it makes a lot more sense to try and sell the machine and buy more bitcoin, or invest what thet'd be paying in USD on their electric bill, due to the machines operation, directly in BTC (since Bitmain has been stocking slightly overclocked S9s for under a few hundred and no one is buying used machines).
I mined for 18months, stopping in January of 2018, L3+s, S9s, a few GPU rigs and some abstract FPGA miners for other algos. My bill was consistently the same price, around $2,000/month. When I stopped mining the difficulty was almost 100x that of when I had begun and profitability was still positive, but barely, and the cost of converting BTC to pay for the electric made me break even.
Profitability has continually declined since then (and I checm from time to time just to see how much I'd be losing.) I have what originally cost $40,000 in machines sitting idly in my basement.
Mining when it's not profitable is like paying $100/day to commute to a job where you only earn $75/day. It's common sense.
If you don't see it that way, I'll sell an S9 plus 220V power supply for $100+calculated shipping. I've got 8 of them and at least one of every mainstream current get altcoins miner.
@_date: 2018-12-01 03:48:27
I oversimplified. Technically it doesn't look at hashrate at all. It looks at the average block time over the previous epoch (an epoch being 2016 blocks). It then adjusts difficulty, which is the average number of cycles of SHA256d needed to solve a block in the target time (of 10mins): a direct function of the necessary length, in bytes, of the cryptographic nonce, which is summed with the hash of the nth-1 block in order to increase the number of inputs required to be tested to find a solution which when hashed matches the hash of the previous block. For bitcoin the target time is 10 minutes, which means the retargeting of the difficulty attempts to calculate the necessary nonce length so that it requires 10 minutes of brute forcing, on average, given the previous epoch's hash rate at the time of recalculation.
The practice of manipulating difficulty involves skewing the average block time over the previous epoch. It's not difficult to do. It only requires that two (or more) chains (using the same algorithm for PoW) be out of sync. The pool already has power to move any user who agrees to "profit switching" (which most miners will) to any chain at will- since it's nearly impossible to calculate a particular chain's instantaneous profitability, and profitability is relative to market conditions as well. Theoretically, the shorter the time after a block is solved on a given chain, the less likely the probability that a new block will be solved, while really only valid in theory, it's used to merit switching to the alternate chain after a block is found, then as TimeSincePrevBlock approaches 10, to move back to the first chain. Other coins have mitigated this flaw by using multiple epochs worth of data to calculate the difficulty at an epoch change, but since Bitcoin only looks back one epoch, it's easy to manipulate.
ViaBTC and Antpool, two of the largest pools, both cooperate in this tactic. As would be expected, removing that much percentage of hash rate from a chain not only drastically increases block time, but the resultant average block time can be precisely calculated.
This allows the pool to switch to another chain, temporarily starve the target chain of hashpower, and then wait until a predetermined time to get back on the chain- usually around the point in which 49% of time has elapsed between the calculated time it should take to solve a block with the chain starved of a sizable chunk of its hashpower belonging to the pools. In this way, the pool is not only 25-49% more likely to be the silver of the block versus the static pools, but they are so on both chains. They also keep the difficulty up, which favors larger pools, since miners don't like waiting a week for a block to be solved on a smaller pool. This allows them to dominate the mining and help in their price manipulation.
Source: Bitcoin Core Code @ github.
@_date: 2018-12-01 04:54:48
I agree. In some countries electricity is completely free for citizens (well technically not free, as it's just paid for in taxes- except in places like the Brazillian Favelas where the electric is stolen from the light posts.) Still, looking at the average wage in China, and the population living in metropolitan districts where utilities are readily available, and looking at the amount of Chinese people living without basic utilities, $0.08USD is way too high. That must be a national average. My guess is that it's provided as a social welfare to most residents, and high consumers pay a "penalty" for going higher than quota.
Knowing the corruption in major manufacturing districts, I'd say that it is highly unlikely that a data center in an industrial space would pay 0.08USD either.
I saw three sources which stated this as the national average however (all top page Google results, and all secondary sources citing UN reports I do not possess the time to check directly.)
My hypothesis is that, like most Communist or further left Socialist Countries, basic utilities (electric, water, usually wired telephone, sometimes state supported television, and occasionally internet) are all provided for free up until a specified cap. Probably a (relative) very low cap, but one that most of the population can easily maintain. Since China is fiscally Capitalist in many ways, there are vast wealth gaps which coincide with extreme quality of life gaps. While a majority of the population probably can only afford to light their habitations and possibly afford a small TV, their overall electric usage is very small. But the vastly richer middle and upper classes along with manufacturing (which probably pays a fixed rate below the national average but very high comparatively), while a minority by population, likely use the majority of electric, the top consumers probably pay 25 fold more than the bottom consumers, which is why a number like 0.08USD/KWh is highly skewed and misrepresentitive.
Still in terms of my initial point, since the switching pool would still be earning on the alt chain, they wouldn't end up losing more than 5% efficiency due to the time in which the massive hashpower needs to migrate chains (which causes any solutions in the net cache/queue of the mining machines to be sent to the incorrect chains in most cases), which is nothing compared to the gain created in monopolizing the mining industry.
@_date: 2018-12-01 02:24:32
To be honest, it was posted in a "how much do you pay for electricity" mining sub category on bitcointalk forums by a couple people I read a couple years ago. I should have checked my facts there. Google is showing multiple sources for 0.08USD/KWh, which is about 1/2 of what I pay in NY and 1/3 of the cost in the states which pay the most (or the states which use tiered pricing, like CA, it is as low as 1/6 of what it would cost to run.) However, if the power is zoned industrial it's priced differently (not sure of that figure though.)
@_date: 2019-05-22 00:03:40
A Ponzi scheme is a completely different entity than a pyramid scheme.
A pyramid scheme/system is not necessarily a scam, rather it is simply a sales and merchandising system utilizing a reward system to incentivize referrals, whereby an individual receives a portion of the income of individuals they have referred as sales representatives, who in turn may increase their income by referring more people. When boiled down, this is similar to any retail system- simply with more steps in between. It has become associated with scams due to the number of rather fraudulent items that are often marketed in these systems.
A Ponzi scheme on the other hand, is in 100% of cases a fraudulent form of investing funds for a large pool of investors. Capital derived from the investments from later investors are used to pay dividends to earlier investors- usually with very high returns, making the sham investment seem like a slam-dunk, and thereby attracting additional investment from both existing investors and new prospects. Often a legitimate investment is involved, however earnings are artificially inflated via misappropriation of funds. These Ponzi schemes typically can last much longer than 100% Ponzi schemes, in which no legitimacy exists. Typically, early investors, who get put prior to the inevitable collapse of the scheme, end up pocketing a hefty sum (as does the operators of the scheme who funnel money to themselves as well). When the scheme eventually collapses due to a lack of new capital from investments to pay existing investments, if the operator(s) had not taken anything for themselves and there was no legitimate investment involved, the result would be a net-zero gain/loss for the system as a whole, rather simply a shifting of wealth from the late investors to the early investors (of course operation of a Ponzi scheme for no personal benefit would be highly unlikely, and there would be high expenses related to maintaining the scheme- so a loss is almost always observed). It is only the investors who made their inputs just prior to the system's collapse that lose all input. As a rule, the initial investors who did not continually reinvest profit the greatest, the investors which continually reinvested profits or those who made a single investment a little before the half-way to failure point would see no net gain or loss, and later investors would see a loss proportional to how late they invested. In reality, the feds usually step in after a Ponzi scheme fails and attempt to repay every investor fairly with whatever cash remains in the accounts. Since early investors would have likely been making profits throughout, it is unlikely that they would have made a withdrawal, so their accounts end up being distributed to the people that lost significantly- such that even the early investors end up ending the scheme at a loss. It should also be noted that a fair amount of book manipulation is involved, so it may appear that an account is up 50%, when in reality that profit exists solely on paper.
The trickle-down economics you speak of, the core of the principles of "reganomics" which lie at the core of our current banking system, is widely considered to be a failure- however not a Ponzi or Pyramid scheme- but a system which involves giving massive tax breaks to the wealthiest individuals and largest corporations, with the thinking that both groups will spend more, and thus spread their wealth among the population. Furthermore, corporations are assumed to use these excess funds for expansion and job creation. Of course in reality, we know that the wealthiest individuals tend to hoard money, and invest more in low risk, constant return investments than those which foster economic growth and innovation, and corporations would in most cases cut costs, downsize where possible, pay minimum wage and hire the bare minimum, in order to maximize profit ratios, rather than increase gross income- as the latter requires a much longer time frame to realize profit than the former. In addition to tax breaks, this also is the reasoning behind the reward of extremely over-inflated government contracts- rewarded to the tune of about $1bil USD PER DAY!
Interestingly though, other than the power to mint money on request of Congress, and only after issuing equivalent federal reserve bonds worth the amount of currency they are to issue (which are owed repayment by Congress to the FED {essentially IOUs}) which then sells them to private investors to cover the cost of the newly minted money. The government is expected to repay these fixed term bonds with interest. The new money is given to the government and distributed via government contracts. That actually makes up a fair portion of the national debt (it's not just cash owed to other countries- a good portion is what the government owes to the fed).
So the fed actually has fairly limited powers. Private banks on the other hand, through a process of interbank lending and reserve creation (that I suggest anyone interested look up), can create I  {Federal Reserve Rate  100} for every loan they give (where I is the principle given on a loan; FRR is the proportion of the loan the bank must keep on account at the fed, as a percentage of I). This is supposedly incentive for banks to give out loans, and results in predatory and high risk loans. So say Chase Bank gives a $20,000 car loan, and the FRR is 10%. They are only required to have $2,000 in existing liquid capital to give the loan- which they put on deposit as assurance in case of default, with the federal reserve. They then **CREATE** $20,000 and give it to the individual to buy the car, as well as **CREATING _ANOTHER_** $20,000 which is required to ensure that should the loan default, no deflation occurs- however, as they have already covered the FRR with existing capital, they now have $20,000 in free money to play with, all because they gave a $20,000 loan. They usually lend this (back and forth) to other banks, and through the cascade, have created $200,000 out of thin air. OH, AND THEY ARE STILL OWED THE $20K PLUS INTEREAT FROM THE GUY WHO ACTUALLY WORKS FOR A LIVING. You can't make this shit up.
So don't blame the fed, blame Chase next time they charge you $34 for overdrafting 25 cents.
*The most insane part is that banks still manage to go under- now that's just gross negligence.*