@_author: o0ot
@_date: 2018-01-19 17:19:28
I guess I was an entitle little shit when admitted to the hospital with a lacerated kidney over the guy with a cough.
A bank is no more similar, before you try to get all internet warrior on me.
@_date: 2018-01-23 13:19:49
Meh, you're now just hurling generic insults and it will lose it's fun real quick.  If you want to go back to how no type of queue or ticket system has a priority, then I'm game to make fun of your position (and the paltry substance you base that position upon).
Here's a pro-tip for you to be just a bit better than your current "amazing" self... when you are at your really important job and trying to lean on previous experience, don't say "When I worked at a bank for two years..." and then proceed to claim your proficiency at something unrelated.  It doesn't sound impressive, at all.
@_date: 2018-01-23 12:31:07
Lol.  Sure bro.  I think I pretty much hit the nail on the head, Mr. "Im fucking amazing at what I do", or else *you* wouldn't be so fucking unhinged after a single comment.


Huh?  This is where I know you lost it?  For one, using the word "cuck" has got to be the biggest indicator of you being a young, dumb, inexperience, rage filled little man.  Nobody with any self-respect uses that word in any way.  Second, never did I say anything about long-term loyalty, you dumbass.  You are the one that decided to bank your credibility on "working in a bank" for 2 years!!!  What did you do?  Nobody has a clue, but we're all real sure it was impressive.


Lol, you really took it to 11, didn't you.  This is some fucking GRADE A projection.
@_date: 2018-01-23 18:16:36
Yeah, generic ass insults that make a construction worker look like Bill Gates.
Take care.
@_date: 2018-01-22 11:58:24
You're the guy who "worked in a bank" for a whopping 2 *fucking* years.  So I suppose that does make you an expert on how all queue systems work, like ticket management systems used by support teams that almost always include a priority column.  I suppose there is no reason to argue with you.  In fact you seem to have all the psychology down too, to know that anyone thinking a priority system (you know like every developer of a ticket system ever) might be a possible solution is some brat.  ^^^/s
Your comment might have been the most entitle little shit thing I've heard in a while.  Mr. "worked in bank" for a whole 2 years!!!!  Do you say that shit with a straight face?  Do you not know anyone with any amount of real world success that would just laugh at such a pathetic amount of experience you draw from and the attempted force at which you project your opinions?
Nah, probably not.  You probably spend your days avoiding actually being around people that can do better than hold down some shitty job "in a bank" for a couple of years.