@_author: o1o1o1o
@_date: 2019-06-08 10:46:44


No I think you'll find gold is just a commodity and it follows simple laws of supply and demand. If the people holding the 50+% of all gold tied up in jewelry decided they like silver better and sold their gold the price would at least halve if not decline significantly more as gold HODLers dump to avoid a loss. 
Only 25% of all gold is in any form suitable for exchange. Over 50% is in jewelry. And since it is mostly sitting in bank vaults as a store of value and hedge against the dollar, it's utility as a medium of exchange to the vast majority of us is low and declining daily. 
As for paper gold. You should do some research. Paper gold trading accounts for trillions of dollars a year.
 
Look I'm not saying gold is going away any time soon.   I'm sure people will be using it in 100 years or 1000 years. But it will become increasingly obsolete as anything more than a quaint way to exchange value, probably limited to nefarious and decorative purposes.
@_date: 2019-06-08 16:48:37
Exactly, and not one of the gold bugs above has countered any of my original points about Schiff's misrepresentation of gold. Apparently an awful lot of his fans hang out here.
@_date: 2019-06-14 08:12:54
Interesting that some gold bugs say "only gold in your home is worth anything" (since good luck getting your gold out of a financial institution when everything goes to shit) and others say keep it with a custodial institution (so you can trade it and because it's too risky to keep at home). Seems like gold is different things to different people...
@_date: 2019-06-08 08:31:25
It would be nice if we were all rewarded for running a full node... Or that the hash algorithm was ASIC proof so that mining could be profitable for everyone without buying dedicated expensive hardware.  However the current mining pools would never back a change like that.
@_date: 2019-06-08 09:11:00
Well gold in a vault provides employment for armed guards and back vault manufacturers I guess. 
Why not just leave it in the ground?  Or grind it up and dump 90% of it in the ocean so the remainder is worth so much more.  That's what De Beers apparently once considered doing with jewel quality diamonds because there were simply too many and they had not yet manufactured artificial demand for them.  Note how De Beers is trying to counter the manufactured diamond industry by saying theirs are special because they come out of the earth.  Always have to keep creating artificial scarcity... What if a huge gold reserve is found, or a gold asteroid lands on earth... Will people pay them not to dig it up and flood the market?
@_date: 2019-06-08 16:51:08
Apparently some traders treat anything but physical gold in the hands as sceptically as "physically allocated gold". 
@_date: 2019-06-10 05:52:39
I'm not an expert on this, but isn't the key to being ASIC hard is just needing a lot of memory.  You may say "it's a level playing field" now but what is the cost of buying custom ASIC hardware to mine, how many BTC miners would actually buy that?  What if tens of millions, or hundreds or billions could easily run mining software on their current hardware when not in use, surely that would drown out a few dedicated mining operations?
I guess I'm not the only one interested in this: [
@_date: 2019-06-08 09:57:06


That's not what I said. I said they considered it to reduce supply and raise the price because there were way to many cheap diamonds on the market. Them they formed the cartel and dreamed up the BS "diamond is forever" marketing ploy to increase demand.


It's valued how it is precisely for the same reason that Bitcoin is - people desire it, it has utility, and it can be used as money. Most gold is not exchanged at all, people have to exchange promissory notes - numbers on a computer. With current gold prices that would continue to be the case since one dollar is a tiny fraction of a gram of gold now. In a post apocalyptic world with billions of people wanting some it would be even worse even if all the gold in the world was unleashed to flood the market. We'd get back to silver, copper and other less precious items.
For sure in that scenario Bitcoin wouldn't be much use either but at least it doesn't (theoretically) require third party accounting systems and promissory currency notes to use it daily like gold does.