@_author: ob2
@_date: 2013-11-23 04:15:20
I've never read a satisfactory response to how one of the "virtues" of bitcoin - its immunity to inflation by setting a maximum number in circulation to 21 million - is a huge factor in making it unviable as a medium of exchange.
If bitcoin continues on its mainstream march, then the bitcoin economy will continue to rise faster (perhaps much faster) than the number of bitcoins in circulation.  This means that, in theory at least, the value of a bitcoin should continue to rise, perhaps dramatically, over time.
The obvious problem is that those owning bitcoins will not be very tempted to use them as a medium of exchange, e.g. they won't buy things with them, when it is better to keep them because they know or feel that the bitcoins will continue to appreciate in value.
So there's a bit of a catch-22: mainstream adoption will cause the value of bitcoins to rise, discouraging use of bitcoins by bitcoin owners in mainstream transactions.  This would suggest that the bitcoin economy has to max out at some point, when there is an equilibrium of peoples willingness to use bitcoins in mainstream transactions and the growth of mainstream adoption of bitcoin as a medium of payment.
tldr: deflationary hoarding.
@_date: 2013-04-03 05:01:34
How is hoarding going to be handled?  Currency that increases in value this much, and will likely continue to do so as more people start using them and the supply tops out, can't be that useful as a medium of exchange, since you would be foolish to spend it (e.g. the million dollar pizza.)
@_date: 2013-11-27 16:40:01
True enough.  Which is why securities markets are (supposed to be) heavily regulated and monitored, and the reason the SEC exists.  Also, I suspect it is *much* easier to manipulate the bitcoin market than the stock market - even trivial by comparison.
@_date: 2013-11-27 17:02:43
I agree.  But with bitcoin - well, it's totally a black box.
If I can come up with this very viable scheme (and I'm not that clever) than certainly some with some means and money can do it for real.  And quite easily.  No pesky SEC or government oversight to worry about.
@_date: 2013-11-27 16:04:42
The trades would all be legitimate.  That's why I would need a few thousand bitcoins and perhaps a few hundred thousand addresses.  I only need to post *enough trades* to convince everyone that bitcoins are now trading at *X* dollars, based on the bogus trades I post which are really trades with myself, priced at a clever function I create.  Then the rest of the users buy/sell accordingly.
If I can use this scheme to create the illusion of an upward trending price (and even better exponentially so) then the speculators will jump on and, presto, you have a positive feedback loop.  It should only takes a little positive feedback to create a run-away process in pricing, which seems to be occurring.
How do I know that this isn't what is happening?
@_date: 2013-11-27 19:06:20
To your first point, if this is true, and there is no blockchain records of these transactions even taking place, then that makes the manipulation completely trivial.  You just need to post the prices you want people to see.  You don't need to trade anything at all.
To your second, I do know how markets are *supposed* to work.  My interested is in how they can be manipulated.  In a honest, functioning market, yes, as you note: "The price on the exchange at any given time is the price that the last successful transaction occurred."  What I am proposing is that you do the opposite:  post trade prices that aren't really happen (or are just trades with yourself) and make everyone else *think* that these are the prices that bitcoins are trading at.  In a real commodity market with sophisticated traders, this might be very difficult to do.  But with bitcoins, whose value is determine (at this time) almost completely by what people believe other people think bitcoins are worth, this is trivial.  In other words, in a purely speculative market, people base their speculation on what they *think* other people are doing.  There is no other intrinsic quality to bitcoins upon which they can base their value.  And here is the window for deception.
To the third, it is my understanding that it is currently a PITA to get your money out of any of these exchanges (if so, this may be by design.  If not, please correct me) so arbitrage becomes difficult and expensive at best. However, even if it's not, you can still play the manipulation by 1) coordinating the manipulation across all markets or 2) designing your pricing function intelligently enough to monitor other markets and choosing the up-tick opportunities wisely and slowly.  One speculative market can affect all others when, seeing that there are upward tends in prices on one market, sellers of another will adjust their asking prices accordingly, and buyers will want to "buy ahead of the market".  I don't think it would be too tough for one market to lead and influence the other two.  
I think it would not be terrible difficult to devise a very clever pricing function that takes all this into account, and slowly but surely pushes prices up over the course of hours, days, and weeks...kind of like whats happening.
Just my 0.00002 BTC
edit: sp
@_date: 2013-11-23 19:04:33
This article seems to support my point.
@_date: 2013-11-27 15:57:44
I won't pretend I'm not interested in easy money ;-) but in reality I'm legitimately interested/concerned about this.  It seems that the value of millions of bitcoins are being determined by trades in bitcoins that number in the single digits, *or even fractions of a bitcoin!*
How can the value of 12 million bitcoins be set at the price for which someone traded 0.45 bitcoins a few seconds ago?
It strikes me as extremely easy to manipulate, especially by a group of people with a bit of money and means, and especially absent regulatory oversight.
What I want to know is *how do I know the current markets are not being heavily manipulated by those who run/own the markets?*
@_date: 2013-11-27 16:58:11
My understanding is that the blockchain does not record any transaction prices.  Is that correct?  If so, there would be no record of the price at which bitcoins are sold other than the records I keep on my market.  So they would *not* be reflected in the blockchain.  Please correct me if I'm wrong.
Also, if the market was inherently speculative (as it is) and I was smart in my pricing function (i.e. I look at the trends of other markets to take my "up-tick" opportunities at intelligent times) then the participant sellers of the other markets would see the upward trending price on my market, and adjust their asking price accordingly.  Buyers (speculators) would also see the upward trending price on my market, and will try to buy "ahead of the market" on their market, also propping up prices.  With so few markets, one market could easily effect the others.
Or they could all be working in cahoots.
Also, this isn't something I'm interested in doing.  I'm interested in finding out if it's being done.
edit: I accidentally a words
@_date: 2013-11-27 15:42:19
But couldn't I create hundreds of thousands of addresses?  And use them in a functionally intelligent way so as to evade correlation?
And as for the fees, to whom are they paid?  Could I not also run transaction nodes, thereby essentially paying myself these fees? (Forgive, I'm not extremely knowledgeable about the transaction fee part.)
And even if I do have to pay fees, could I not easily cover them with my bitcoins that are ever "increasing" exponentially in value?
@_date: 2013-11-27 16:46:43
I wouldn't actually buy bitcoins from anyone else at the prices I am posting.  I would only buy them from myself, and post the bogus price at which I'm buying them from myself.  Then others - speculators - would buy them from legit sellers with their own dollars/euros/whatever but at the prices I set.
Then, others that owned bitcoins on another market would see that they were going for $1000 on my market, and adjust their asking price accordingly.
Or all the market could be working in cahoots (not such a stretch.)