@_author: obnauticus
@_date: 2014-11-28 18:50:14
Also with bitcoins, so once you send, there is almost no possibility of getting it back.
@_date: 2014-11-28 21:11:33
I'm reading this:
1. You're planning on adding SMS gateways in every third world country because twilio charges too much for SMS in those countries.
2. You're expecting to do this at a loss because you're a good guy.
Currently, coinapult uses Twilio to send and receive SMS. Here are some costs Twilio SMS comparisons ([source](
* It costs $0.0075 to Send or Receive with SMS in the USA.
*  It costs $0.01 to send in Kenya and $0.012 to send in Congo with no option to receive SMS from either country.
* Most developing countries do not have the infrastructure to support bi-directional SMS's because of the lack of infrastructure (SMS is a really dated system).
It makes more sense that Coinapult plans to operate an insecure SMS wallet in first-world countries since it would require an instillation of an SMS gateway in every developing country (which includes SMS operating fees, datacenter access+fees, etc).
As you implied before, security vulnerabilities which require technical skill and an initial investment are less of a concern in third-world/developing countries because the alternatives are much less secure (as you pointed out before, a money-carrying donkey). Does this change since you don't actually have the means to install an SMS gateway in every country?
@_date: 2014-11-28 19:36:32
Here's an idea. You could have your users print off a table of OTP's. When the user is queried for the specific value in the table they reply with the corresponding value and the unique password, like the [lastpass grid](
This would work for people with limited access to technology and provides a no cost hardwareless 2fa solution.
@_date: 2014-11-28 21:40:36
Yes, see my [post]( below. :).
@_date: 2014-11-28 15:34:24
This is extremely insecure. Please implement some out-of-band two factor authentication or research more into the vulnerabilities of SMS. I also advise others to do the same.
@_date: 2014-11-28 17:47:31
1. Are you restricting transaction volumes over SMS? 
2. Are you restricting which regions where your service will be offered so that only people in Lower Developing Countries can exchange low volumes?
3. How will offering your service in Lower Developing Countries prevent an attacker from exploiting vulnerabilities in SMS?
4. Finally, what's your plan on providing 2fa to people who wish to use your service without the risk of having their wallet compromised?
@_date: 2014-11-28 20:48:37


Quoting your previous post:


Coming very soon: Belgium Finland Norway Poland Spain Sweden
Is your product geared toward Lower Developing Countries? I'm pretty confused here because your assumptions on security assume your users are in developing/third-world countries. All of the countries you have listed are Developed/First-World countries. Are you trying to pull a fast one on us?
@_date: 2014-11-28 17:23:40


And you're *blatantly* ignoring the fact that SMS is critically vulnerable and your users could possibly lose all of their bitcoins after someone wirelessly grabs their credentials.
As I said before: either offer hardware tokens and strictly enforce their usage for people who want this service, or do not offer this service at all. Any other option is ignoring the fact that your users are vulnerable until there are some radical changes in the cellular networks.
I'm going to invest in companies who make [IMSI-catchers]( and maybe I'll indirectly profit off of your company's mistake :). Good luck!
@_date: 2014-11-28 21:28:24
So at this point we need to find colocation facilities in developing countries such as the DRC and Kenya. Countries that cannot afford to exploit your vulnerable SMS wallet, have running water, or datacenters for colocation. I digress. 
* Unless Coinapult implements 2fa for wallets that can execute transactions over SMS, they are strictly **vulnrable**.
* Coinapult knowingly puts its SMS wallet users at an elevated risk of theft because SMS is an insecure protocol.
Is all of this valid?
@_date: 2014-11-28 20:14:14
I'd use it if the other option is having a vulnerable wallet.
@_date: 2014-11-28 19:19:26
Will you do anything to prevent your users from using your service in an insecure way? If so, is it clearly explained to the user when they register for this service? There are Time-based One Time Password (RFC 6238)/TOTP applications for "dumb phones" that you can use which would add a significant amount of security; however, it does not fix any problems if someone gains physical access to the phone. I see physical access as being out-of-scope, but wireless credential sniffing+spoofing being within scope--a TOTP dumb-phone application might be a good solution. Obviously, google authenticator or authy are great choices when they're supported.
Also, out of curiosity: How do variable international SMS fees affect your revenue model at low transaction volumes?
@_date: 2014-11-28 15:56:37


I think executing bitcoin transactions over SMS is a novel idea. Provide a hardware token for out of band two factor authentication since SMS is insecure and essentially unencrypted. SMS authentication is also critically flawed so figure out a new way to authenticate your users.


This valid, take for example, TouchID. It's impractical to lift and emulate a fingerprint; however, it's unrealistic to consider for *most* users. In this scenario someone with temporary access to your phone can clone your IMSI and IMEI. It's also possible to clone an IMSI and IMEI wirelessly with the correct equipment. I think you are neglecting some fundamental security vulnerabilities and just trying to push a product out the door ASAP.


Provide a hardware token or don't offer this as a service.
I don't understand why you believe there there is a practical limitation of using BitCoin for people who don't have a second computing device. What prevents you from using something that is not SMS to execute transactions? All you need to do is use a secure link like like HTTP or XMPP, meanwhile you're blatantly ignoring the fact that your MVP is fundamentally insecure.