@_author: observantdiscovery
@_date: 2018-12-17 00:11:09
This is very much a civil rights issue.  During the age of Jim Crow, commerce was regulated by skin color as was the use of private and public resources.  Colored people were required to do business differently than non-colored people.  Colored people were not allowed to stay at many hotels, eat at restaurants, or purchase material goods from venders based solely upon whether they were legally designated colored or appeared to be one.  Public education and services were separated based upon skin color.  So were medical practices.  Private companies as well as public resources are no longer allowed to differentiate their business practices based upon the gender, race, or religion of the person on the other end of the business transaction.
The argument that a business being a private entity, should have complete freedom to chose who to conduct business with and who to not conduct business with was one of the key arguments used by the segregationists.   Requiring that commerce be blind with regards to gender, race, and religion was an affront to the exercise of liberty, argued segregationists.  
In the case where "You have no right to their resources and it is a privilege given."  It's just business.  What if the people are complaining that &lt;Insert Company Name Here&gt; is doing business with offensive people - people with alternative views on sexuality, religion, or perhaps are a bit more tan than other folks?  Why is there a problem with discriminating against someone in commerce because of their skin color, but not because of their ideology?  How is "You can't use Patreon because you said mean things about LGBTQ people." different than "You can't eat here because you are black."?  
How is having free speech meaningful, if you can only exercise it in the privacy of your own mind?  The US constitution bans restrictions upon speech by the government, but private companies are allowed to discriminate.  However, there are no government sponsored speech sites, so the only choices are the internet, the published work (Book, paper, TV, radio), a megaphone on a street corner, or mumbling to yourself over breakfast.  (Which of these means does not require the assistance of a company? Answer: only the last one!)   Free speech ends when companies regulate the speech in accordance with their own opinions, or what they perceive to be most economically advantageous to the company bottom line, often to the detriment of the public good.  If you are not allowed to speak in public, because the means of communications are held by private companies that disagree with your message, then free speech does not exist in any meaningful form.  IF a minority of people can complain about a company allowing "hateful" people, and have those people silenced, then there is a need to protect those "hateful" people and their speech regardless of whether you or I or anyone else agrees with what they are saying.  The answer to hateful speech is more speech, not boycotts, violence, or suppression of their speech.  
I would point out that going after Patreon accounts, hosting providers, and payment processors over speech related issues is a form of censorship.  It may not be government sponsored censorship, but it is censorship.  The purpose of doing this is to harm the "offensive person" economically, and silence them directly.  Every time is it successful, other people will refrain from saying things that might make them a target.  This is chilling to free speech and exceptionally harmful to any democratic form of government.  It is beneficial to tyrannies as the suppression of free speech is a requirement for such governments to exist.
Ultimately, the idea that you or anyone owns anything is merely an agreement among people.  Your stuff is yours because everyone agrees that it is yours and it stops being yours as soon as the government decides otherwise.  The idea that businesses have any fundamental right to use the resources they own in any fashion they see fit is laughably false.  We are free to determine the rules of business and can change them to suit our needs.  Perhaps we should ensure that business is compatibly with liberty.
&amp;