@_author: ocelot-
@_date: 2015-05-02 18:25:51
Virgin would do well to invest in a homegrown bitcoin venture. They can be quite eccentric in their business decisions such as with virgin galactic.
@_date: 2015-04-04 23:27:11
I don't think it will be feasible to phase out cash completely during our lifetimes, much in the same vein as uber(but even stronger) it is a necessity for the current generations in their twenties and older, privacy being one reason important for me. I look to the postponed attempt to phase out cheques for ostensibly the same 'anti-crime reasons' in England.
@_date: 2015-04-05 00:04:50
From the top of the article. - "by Cheryl Hulseapple"
Close but no Cigar :)
@_date: 2015-03-02 16:51:56
You're having issue exchanging crypto-crypto, care to elaborate? They've been doing that for 6+ months now, I started using them when vicurex got hacked.
@_date: 2015-02-06 21:19:10
How do you expect bitcoin adoption to progress? Should Satoshi have gone straight to wall street when he invented bitcoin and it was worth nothing? Should all the early bitcoin adopters have refused to adopt it until wall street did?
I think this analogy fits what you are saying quite well because if individual 'fringe' candidates start accepting it then the whole 'fringe' party may and then perhaps the bigger parties. 
During the interview the question 'Do you see the major parties agreeing to accept bitcoin in the future for donations?' is asked which shows awareness that bitcoin is still an esoteric form of accepting donations.
I don't think it newsworthy for the UK population in general(for now) but definitely newsworthy for subreddits dedicated to the growth of cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2015-02-06 23:53:46
Of course she could be lower, the greens are no longer a one issue party but there are many smaller one issue parties/entities, hyperbole doesn't help your case.
Can you list the great gamut of larger politicians who accept bitcoin? I am aware of only a handful; moreover Gulnar as far as I can discern actually sees a real future for bitcoin rather than just a way to make campaign money. She co-founded coin summit ( and another similar meet-up whose name eludes me at the moment.
Not sure if you even bothered to watch the interview before commenting but the purpose wasn't 'oh wow guize look she accepts bitcoin give her moneyz.' 
It was closer to 'This lady who has been a supporter of bitcoin for 2+ years and is accepting it for her campaign donations actually has opinions regarding the future of cryptocurrencies and how they can help those who are currently unbanked. Additionally she briefly touches on the untapped potential of blockchain technology for voting which, to me, displays a slightly deeper understanding of bitcoin than I've seen from politicians elsewhere.
TLDR; This interview never purported to show a major politician as illustrated with a quote near the start. "I'm Gulnar and I am not a politician, I am not a career Politician".
This interview shows that some political candidates actually have a good understanding of bitcoin and see its potential to bring banking services to the unbanked and the myriad of different things that the blockchain technology could be applied to.
@_date: 2015-02-02 15:25:40
Is this a question or statement? If statement then how did you come to that conclusion? We candiscuss it fully here.
Also this may be relevant: 
@_date: 2015-02-06 21:23:08
So you think her words regarding the use of cryptocurrencies to cost effectively 'bank the unbanked' both in the UK and the 3rd world is all self serving and she doesn't care about that?