@_author: octomarvel
@_date: 2015-11-08 16:23:13




Soo, umm, which one is it?!?
@_date: 2015-11-08 14:04:11
Circumventing LE is one thing. The drug game is literally a game of cops AND robbers. Nothing in this scenario stops a scammer from sending a customer to an empty drop location. Also, vendors are known to be sloppy with moving large quantities and I could see reusing drops as a thing. Then you would also have thieves AND cops looking for drop locations too. 
While it certainly does look a lot more promising than the postal system in some ways, it also has its drawbacks.
Sheesh, just thought of another drawback. Localisation. A lot of people use dnms because either they can't find what they're looking for locally or sourcing it from abroad makes it cheaper. This kills all that.
So yeah...some wrinkles in that testicle.
@_date: 2015-11-08 20:54:28
Yeah, I agree, it's a good idea. Just need to work out the details of its use, like how small a populace can it be comfortably used in and fail safes to ensure scams don't run prevalent. 
I can't see drones being used for deliveries any time soon though. Hell, I can't even get pizza drone delivered let alone Amazon or eBay. Can't ever imagine a Tor marketplace doing that anytime within the next 10 years. Maybe even more.
@_date: 2015-11-09 02:10:50
While true, FE is a scammers market inevitably though. Without any form of escrow, the percentage of scams goes up exponentially.
@_date: 2015-11-08 16:51:37
Lol you can? 
Hell no I don't expect drones. I expect nothing actually, lol.
What I mean about it being thought about more is in seeing this as not a current marketplace replacement but more to the tune of small personal amounts within your own city. To prevent people from attempting to buy contraband off street corners in bad unsafe areas. A harm prevention tool if you will. Sure, current markets already do that but with a much wider target location (the postage receiving world) but this could be used as a potential quick release same day type job.
Perhaps even using geocaching as a possible shipping option on current dnms. Although, with this, a vendor is making his location visible. I'm sure some customers could be LEO and therefore would be able to profile offenders a lot easier.
Just spitballing here.
@_date: 2015-11-08 16:05:43
He's still confined to his own city. I can't see any vendor finding it very profitable to jump on a plane to source that locations drug needs. 
I mean we're kinda throwing out plausible deniability for the customer here with the postage route by putting all the risk with the vendor. Not only does he have to source the drugs, but now also deliver them. All this will serve is raising prices across the board on whatever market implements this scheme.
Sure, I can see this working for very domestic ventures, but I'm pretty sure dnms were a way to make things as impersonal and private as possible. It's trading off one attack vector (postage) and opening up the door for a plethora of others.
@_date: 2015-11-08 20:18:56
True. But with that said, the scam side of things still ain't been addressed. I'm sure that while technology evolves, as do thieves.
How much resources are LE willing to throw at framing a vendor? Well, I guess that all depends on what's being sold, if LE have pressure from the community to fix a problem and also if they have informants helping their initial investigation. 
You bring up some nice points. I still feel like this system needs refinement though in terms of application. A vendor won't feel comfortable or safe disclosing his city in an advertisement/listing. Also, what about vendors in smaller sized cities/towns? This system kind of alienates them. This system definitely isn't for everyone, like the mail is. 
I do see the benefits, don't get me wrong. Just needs some ironing out.
@_date: 2015-11-08 16:34:52
Sigh. Like I said previously. That only works to serve a VERY domestic area. It also makes new vulnerabilities that I don't believe make it worth it compared to the risk of postage. 
I believe this could be a decent idea but it definitely needs to expanded on and thought out more. Maybe perhaps not as a current marketplace replacement but a very domestic alternative for those without street ties but still looking for something quick, anonymous n expensive.
@_date: 2015-11-08 20:24:10
A common scam is to build trust with customers before scamming en masse. Perhaps if the system is set upon a multi sig wallet and not finalise early, this could be circumvented. I still see a lot of potential for possible IRL theft from scam vendors on prospective customers.
Then there's the other side of the scam coin which is from customers possibly saying that the geo cached location was devoid of their product. 
@_date: 2015-11-08 17:12:29
There is a way to profile him. 
I'm sure others thought the same anonymity of the postage system. But then shipments have been profiled by LEO since. We're kinda reading off the same page here with some minor refinements. 
Consider this. Law enforcement makes several regular purchases from a vendor using geocaching. They then mark the pickup locations each time they make a buy. How many places can a vendor hide products secretively without reusing one? Plus, I mean, good luck getting it to work in a CCTV filled city like London. 
This is not even addressing the scammer/thief side of things, which are just as prevalent and bothersome.