@_author: oddaspect
@_date: 2018-09-02 15:40:05
This is what some fail to notice about crypto. There's a lot of talk of redistributing wealth, crypto being used to solve problems of income inequality, and it being a solution to our debt based economy. Then socialists like to talk about how it can balance everything out. I don't exactly understand how this is possible, as it is a decentralized currency that has more libertarian features than anything. Rich can just as well get rich with it, they just don't have the government on their backs.
@_date: 2018-09-23 10:46:27
Yeah that's what makes Bitcoin futures and derivatives different than gold. Gold doesn't have enormous runs for supply, there's just steady waves of buying and selling the physical asset. Whereas Bitcoin has irregular fluctuations that cannot be explained due to its decentralized nature. So can a bank really afford to put that much on its books when the movements are so huge? I don't really think they can manage it without holding enough of the actual coins to handle the orders. 
@_date: 2018-09-19 10:49:08
Yeah, or until the central bank decides to discontinue their currency! 
And there is the value of bitcoin, no central bank can just decide to take it out of circulation because they fucked up so badly on monetary policy. That's why they're starting to mention it offhandedly on the news--they know it's not going away anytime soon and they've got to make it part of every investor's vocabulary. Then, soon enough, they'll actually accept it as a form of value... and tax the shit out of it. Some countries in Europe have already started.
@_date: 2018-09-16 11:08:58
Sure, he probably had the idea but this crisis spurred him into action. I think that this project had been floating around for a while and it was just a matter of time and tools to get it done correctly. 
The crisis triggered a lot of major changes in the way people handle their money. As bad as it was, it was a necessary wake up call for the common people. They needed to see for themselves how slimy bankers are instead of just guessing it. So as badly as we got hurt, it helped us to come back smarter than before.
@_date: 2018-09-03 20:10:09
That's what I'm saying. It just doesn't add up, but people are quick to accept it for everything. They think it is the savior of our finance system just because it's not connected to a central bank. No fiat doesn't mean it's automatically going to give freedom to all. It's just a different mechanism that is quite different from the rest. But it's still vulnerable to abuse (as we've seen with hacks, ICO scams, etc.)
@_date: 2018-09-18 08:44:14
Sure, when you quote a snippet, anything can be bullshit. That's how journalists mince words to spin stories in whatever way suits their agenda. They'll take half of a sentence and write an entire headline about it. 
The message here needs to be considered in its entirety, that being Satoshi --&gt; create bitcoin --&gt; crisis --&gt; action. Whether this was a coincidence we will never know, but I'm willing to bet that he had everything ready and just received one more good reason to publish it after the crisis. It was a variety of factors affected him, not just the crisis.
@_date: 2018-09-17 12:21:22
Try reading the whole context before calling it nonsense




Which means he didn't code Bitcoin in a few weeks. It means he was working on it way before then. It's clearly not possible to come up with code as elaborate as Bitcoin in a matter of weeks. 
The crisis may have been a good reason to get it out into the public, but it most certainly wasn't the reason why it started in the first place
@_date: 2018-09-05 15:17:21
Anyone got feedback on this exchange? It looks promising because there's no KYC bullshit and it's all decentralized and private. But what about ease of use, transaction times, etc. How hard is it to buy with fiat? Can a user from anywhere in the world just wire money through here? What about trusting the privacy when there's a bank wire involved--they can just see your transaction details.
@_date: 2018-09-15 15:14:58
Yeah or a USB stick... that's why you need a backup, and a backup of that backup. Or at least a private key/seed written down somewhere that can't be eaten or exposed to any other natural catastrophe.
Some people etch their keys on a piece of metal. It's a bit extreme, but hey, nothing can destroy that.
You also could encrypt it and keep it in the cloud somewhere. I'm not so sure I'd trust that myself, but some people do it. 
@_date: 2018-09-07 18:17:33
Yeah, this is another attempt to leash the beast. I don't think bitcoin is tameable, but I guess we'll see. They'll trace the transactions for collecting data, they'll sell ETFs &amp; derivatives, they'll try to run it as a fractional reserve (like most exchanges already are actually). This is why Goldman actually supports it. It's one step closer to a cashless society, which is perfectly efficient. It's an econ's wet dream
@_date: 2018-08-31 15:55:07
Of course they're going to say this, because it's going to spread more panic buying as we see emerging markets crashing around the world. Gee, if they're having currency crises, we're not far behind, right?
Ok, but the thing we're missing here is that the "organic adoption of crypto" would be second or third to the mattress money (USD) or good old fashioned hold it in your hand and watch it sparkle (gold). Not that I'm saying those are better, people just tend to trust them more because they've been around much longer. A lot of people still look at you confused when you say Bitcoin. That's why it's market cap is a fraction of everything else right now, but it will gain as more people learn about it.