@_author: oddlingengineer
@_date: 2017-08-02 18:21:20
I'm getting old, man. Everything seems like it was 20 years ago these days...
@_date: 2017-08-02 15:54:18
You are oblivious to the irony here.
MySpace wasn't "easy to leave". Most people's friends, No, their entire lives, were on there. This "Facebook" thing was new. Some college kids were on there but it sure wasn't as stable as MySpace. Facebook was just some silly new site.
But that was like 20 years ago. Now we know Facebook is the stable thing and MySpace is pretty much dead.
Romans probably didn't think that the massive Roman Empire would ever fall, but eventually it did. Forever changing the course of human history.
You can't just expect things to last forever. Nothing will, that's part of the human condition.
Bitcoin is constantly facing problems and the devs are trying to band aid the entire system to patch the holes,, creating drama in the process. It's only a matter of time before that boat sinks. Will it be within our lifetimes? Who knows. But it's guaranteed to happen at some point.
Facebook won't be around forever either. Neither will the United States, the modern day Roman Empire, nor it's dollar bill currency. Everything comes to an end eventually.
@_date: 2017-07-27 05:01:16
Actually, the Russians did. Have you read the news lately?
And, for the record, generalizing an extremely wide range of people into one category and stereotyping them is just plain ignorant.
@_date: 2017-07-28 16:46:56
Actually, cryptocurrency is not very safe at all. If a government wanted to badly enough, they could destroy crypto.
How? Very simply.
First, they might impose laws that require all ISPs to block the crypto traffic. That would put a major dent in crypto and make it much harder to use where you live. Not to mention you could then be arrested for continuing to use it.
Second, they could use their super computers to destroy blockchain integrity. Every government has a pretty decent amount of computing power and places like the US are unrivalled. 
The US government could pretty much destroy crypto in its entirety within maybe a week.
I'm afraid I have to tell you that, in reality, nothing is safe from people who want to take it away from you badly enough.
@_date: 2017-07-26 17:29:26
Yes, the US citizens are obviously the ones telling their government to regulate them because they are in total control of the government and simply just wish to be regulated.
Totally legit.
@_date: 2017-07-28 15:45:30
No, "Cashless society" is a media term specifically created to reference an idea of getting rid of physical cash only, but keeping the idea itself in place in terms of credit and debit cards.
You're thinking "Moneyless society" which is a term developed by Karl Marx to describe the final state of Communism where society no longer uses any form of money.
@_date: 2017-07-18 16:45:52
Wallets will be duplicated in a fork scenario, exactly like how 'Ethereum' and 'Ethereum Classic' now both exist, with a unique wallet for each one.
If you have any standing coin balance during a fork then you'll have two wallets with the same account number and same balance after the fork. However, everything you do after the fork will be different depending on which chain is receiving the transaction, which will depend on which software you send it with.
The value is a completely different story, though.
If bitcoin forks, it's impossible to know what will happen to the value of the coins, and it also depends on which coin most people go with.
Overall, I'd say a fork itself means that both coins will drop in value immediately after the fork. This will be due to two things. 
First, people selling of the share of the wallet they don't trust will continue. This could be core but it could also be btc1. It depends on what people choose.
However, it's also possible that a lot of people pulling out of one will use that value to buy the other, so that it all gets put into one wallet. Though this depends on if people still trust the coin or not. Which leads us to...
Second, a lot of people's trust in bitcoin will completely fail and they'll pull out of bitcoin entirely.  This dump of coins in both wallets will lead to an overall decline in value.
It's also important to note that any decline in value will probably jump back after one of forks stabilize and people who lost trust in it buy back in along with others simply wanting cheap coin.
... There is also the possibility the new fork has bugs, as previously seen in tests. Which will absolutely crash the price on the forked coin. And if the bug is seen after that coin's price is stabilized then the original coin's value will likely get a massive spike.
So basically no one has any idea about the value because there are too many variables.
And this is ONLY if they fork.
@_date: 2017-07-27 05:27:05
If you're using an SD card from 10 years ago maybe. Or one of those cheap ones from China you get for a dollar or so.
This is a common misconception about flash memory. However, modern technology allows any decent flash module to outlast an HDD.
Don't believe me? Google it. Maybe you'll trust all the other tech professionals who say the same thing.
Now stop downvoting me and gimme that yummy karma.
@_date: 2017-07-24 15:13:50
It is completely coherent.
... If you believe you're an infallible god.
@_date: 2017-07-25 20:27:26
More transactions per block means more fees, which means more money for the miners.
It also means that miners have to have even more dedicated equipment. Which also means it will be impossible for small time miners to grow larger, and some of the mid size miners may begin to fail.
In other words, it's basically a way to discretely centralize the network in the hands of the biggest miners with as few people noticing as possible.
... It is what it is, I guess.
@_date: 2017-07-28 21:46:20
Your points aren't very arguable.
Most of the network doesn't even use SSL. Not to mention SSL is a broken standard anyway (TLS is secure, SSL is no longer secure). And yes, most sites still use SSL despite known vulnerability since 2014. It's actually a huge problem in the web world right now specifically because people aren't taking it very seriously.
Deep packet inspection is also actually already a thing the US gov does to people, so I'm not sure your reasoning there. Furthermore, you seem to have incoherently jumped topics. What does the gov sniffing your packets have to do with "intervening parties"? There is no relevant connection between these two thoughts. Did you miss a sentence?
Yes, it's trivial to change ports, but every time bitcoin does this they have to soft fork it. And while the rest of the world is still running bitcoin, how many times do you think they'll fork it just to "let the US back in"? And you don't think they would watch the new traffic and come harass everyone on those lines? It would only be a matter of time before the US gov would win this game.
As for the costs, I don't think you understand. They already have these supercomputers. And at times they are used for nothing but stuff like this. 
Of course I'm talking about a Doomsday scenario where the US Gov is trying to completely shut down crypto at the cost of every citizen... But really I personally don't think it's a matter of 'How?', but more a question of 'When?'.
Sorry to burst your bubble?
(Edit: oh, I get it. You thought I meant cryptographically secured traffic. No, I meant crypto currency traffic specifically.)
@_date: 2017-07-26 15:21:09
SD cards will eventually fail but an external hard drive won't? lol
First time I've heard that one.
@_date: 2017-07-28 16:29:42
'I swear, they all burned up in that fire along with my old body! That day I was reincarnated with a very large stack of US dollars. So I took that as a sign I should move to another country and enjoy the second chance I was given.
It was a miracle! I didn't tell anyone because I was afraid they wouldn't believe me.'
Totally legit excuse bro, don't be a hater.
@_date: 2017-07-29 04:46:40
1) Read my edit. I was talking about CryptoCURRENCY (typically just called "crypto" here). Not general security on the internet. I thought that was very obvious given the context... but okay.
2) Yes, TLS is often lumped into the term "SSL", but not in a context where we're actually talking about technical aspects of security on the internet. So it's a misnomer. It's not actually the same thing.
3) All forms of "SSL" are all insecure due to vulnerabilities. SSL3.0 is still being widely used* today despite Google having released a feasible attack method for in in 2014. Not to mention that TLS1.0 is ALSO vulnerable.
4) TLS 1.2 is secure despite some potential vulnerabilities if it's set up properly and the standard/default method of negotiating. 
This brings me to the * above. If typical server default settings are used, or servers just plain aren't set up securely, then a server unable to negotiate with TLS will attempt to use SSL3, and even 2 and 1, despite being very insecure. Attackers have various methods of abusing this.
Not to mention that a ton of websites aren't even attempting to use TLS 1.1 or 1.2, and instead still using SSL3.0 or TLS1.0. Check it out and read about it on Google. Like I said, it's actually a huge issue on the internet.
Furthermore, I was talking about using SSL with the cryptocurrency, obviously! I don't believe that most miners are even using SSL, which is a problem in and of itself. And I think only the Claymore miner even uses the protocol, but that's more of a 'if it were standard than there would be more adoption' sort of issue.
5) No, it wouldn't require a fork to 'just change ports'. However, it would require the majority of traffic to actually be listening in on the ports people are using, as well as to agree on which ports to use. It's not like all ports are open all the time and listening. That is not secure nor practical.
This would probably lead to a necessity to fork the code to get everyone on the same page or else most nodes will simply never receive most of the signaling from the nation being blocked by their government.
Not to mention you ignored the fact I already pointed out the government already has protocols in place to read encrypted traffic. They have set this up through the ISPs. You should read WikiLeaks sometime.
And, again, I'll point out that the government will listen in on the new ports and probably issue arrests, warrants, etc. Of course, assuming their objective was to crush it by any means necessary. Which was the theoretical situation that I proposed.
BTW, I didn't even get into DDoSing everyone on the blockchain, which is also a viable means for them to block traffic and crush the network without effecting most of the internet.
6) If we assume they are targeting the blockchain itself, it's a relatively simple process to combine blocking the traffic and disrupting the network with supercomputer mining attacks. There will be less nodes and less miners at the time of the attack which would make their attack much more effective.
7) I doubt the electricity costs are as high as you think they are. Not to mention they probably already have those computers going 24/7 in the budget anyway.
In other words, I get what you're saying, but you're still wrong.
@_date: 2017-07-25 17:32:24
Bitcoin was intended for mining to be thoroughly decentralized. This is in the original whitepaper.
It's obviously not anymore. The majority mining power is now in the hands of a minority group. In fact it was that minority group that collectively decided to sign an agreement to add segwit. They could potentially use this same power to intentionally fork bitcoin at any time. In fact, they were planning to fork it if other's didn't agree, pressuring the minority to go along with what the group wanted simply to avoid a fork.
You can't just rewrite history whenever it's convenient for you. That's not how things work.
@_date: 2017-07-25 19:52:21
I can't wait! I missed the 1800/1900 price the other day. 
Keep on selling those yummy bits!