@_author: odindillinger
@_date: 2014-03-18 09:32:30
My wet dreams approve of this message.
@_date: 2013-04-23 11:57:44
@_date: 2013-04-23 01:56:37
Norwegian Bitcoinlurker reporting in. Please exuse poor english and bad translations, its allmost 04.00 in the morning so im a little groggy. anyway, enjoy the norwegian finance ministers view on virtual currencies:
Kejtil Solvik-Olsen(Frp): Bitcoin is a decentralized global digital currency witch is not  controlled by any central bank. Currently there are only few web shops that accepts the currency, and the currency have had major volatility in the price (verdisvingning=value fluctuation). If the confidence in central banks disappears, the popularity of bitcoin and other kryptocurrencies could have major influx. A few days ago the first bitcoin ATM came to Cyprus. How does the government estimate digital currencies consequences in regards to tax collection, crime fighting and economic governance.
Answer: Sigbjørn Johnsen (finance minister) I specify that the question asker asks about my opinion/valuation.
Bitcoin falls outside the traditional understanding of money. I the great Norwegian lexicon  money is defines as e.g. “money, generally accepted means of payment; also serves the function as measure of value and storage of value. Definition of money can be specified to contain legal tender: these money is forced or liberating means of payment, because you can pay your dept with them(...)”
In the law of central banking  §§ 4, 13, 14 and 15 contains regulations that states that the Norwegian moenyunit is the krone, that money printed by the Norwegian banks is forced means of payment in Norway, and the Norwegian bank(Norges Bank) has sole right to distribute and recall Norwegian moneys.
Even though Bitcoins does not fall under normal definitions of money or currency, bitcoin still has many similarities to regular currencies. Bicoin can for example be used for payment between persons and as payment for goods and services on the internet. Bitcoin can also be “traded” in other currencies.  Is would be natural to address bitcoin as a “virtual currency”
In a interpretation statement from the financial crimes enforcement network(a organ under the American finance department) 18.mars 2012 to the Bank Secrecy Act, virtual currencies is defined as «a medium of exchange that operates like a currency in some environments, but does not have all the attributes of real currency. In particular the virtual currency does not have legal tender status in any jurisdiction».  
A virtual currency is not connected to any national state, and the price will therefore depend on the confidence to the system in question, and supply and demand of the given Virtual currency. The value of a bitcoin is very volatile. In April 2013 the price has varied between 50 and 200 dollars. As a reference the price was around 6 dollars in January 2012. The distribution of virtual currencies such as bitcoin will be dependent on factors such as price, availability and confidence in the banks and ordinary payment systems. For consumers there will be very high risks by using such currencies compared to using the ordinary payment system. Virtual currencies has as such a high potential in marked where the confidence in banks and ordinary payment system is low, or in countries with low levels of electronic payment systems or has currency restrictions.
Norway is one of the countys where digital payment is most widespread and there is good access to efficient, cheap and secure electronic payment solutions for both sellers and buyers. In 2011 the banks processed almost 2 billion payments from customers(not including ATM). Of these 98.7 was sent to the bank in digital form. Norway is in the top of the world when it comes to payment cards, and there is about 4 million card payments with Norwegian credit cards every day. With such a well functioning ordinary payment system and big value fluctuations in virtual currencies, there is a low probability that bitcoins will gain any widespread use in Norway.
A challenge with Botcoins is that the system is decentralized. There is also consernes that trade in bitcoin  is unregulated and the transactions is anonymous. This brings a risk of tax evasion and money laundering. The tax department is watching this. There is also a challenge concerning boitcoins that its traits makes it a good payment for other illegal activity.
Bitcoins falls within the domain of Norwegian legislation concerning payment services and e-money in the finance agreement law and finance business law. These laws implements EØS (European economic collaboration) laws. Bitcoin trade does not fall under these laws. Trade in Bitcoin is in general not obligated to rapport under moneylaunderinglaws, but companies obligated under the law must also rapport bitcoin transactions. I will stress that participation in money laundering is unlawful as the criminal law § 317 irregardless of what public regulations apply to the business.
I will follow the development and assess the need to regulate businesses linked to turnover of virtual currencies such as bitcoin. The finance department participates in discussions on European levels about the need for regulation on these businesses. A joint international approach to virtual currencies is in my view the most appropriate.
@_date: 2013-04-23 09:19:07
By the great balls of Thor! Thanks for the tip!
@_date: 2013-11-03 15:42:31
Mt. gox trading LTC soon?