@_author: oeagrus
@_date: 2014-04-11 14:11:03
"Against bitcoin" is a weird way to phrase it.  Being against digital currency would be pretty short-sighted.  Coming out against bitcoin as a spendable and useful currency is I think a bit more reasonable and immune to her criticism which I think I can explain clearly.
For the general population, the idea of bitcoin as a currency can be black boxed and evaluated on its merits based on the parameters of the inputs and expected results.  Understanding the inner-workings is really unnecessary to evaluate the product.  When is the last time a car reviewer needed to understand the inner workings of that specific car's ECU if those things aren't particularly relevant to the end product?  
Understanding the cryptography, mining, transaction fees, etc. is really all only necessary to explain the behavior of those who want it to succeed for profit, mining, or speculative purposes.  If you take those as a given in perpetuity for the sake of argument, a passing knowledge of its currency properties is all that's needed to come out for or against bitcoin's use as a currency.  Coming out ***against*** it as a speculative asset would be a little bit strange.  I've seen people warn about it as far as value, but I don't think that's the same thing.  It'd be like coming out against a collectible or some other sort of bet, and I don't think you have anyone with in-depth knowledge of something like that particularly ready to do anything like that.
@_date: 2014-04-11 20:35:16


That's a rough failure rate.  I'd hope this would be seen as a bad product and not go to market.  By your continuation of the analogy (which is starting to break apart I think, we might want to move off of it) the ECU is many iterations in - likely totally different than its inception.  If we apply that same scenario to BTC it's basically no longer bitcoin in everything but name.  So as a digital currency bitcoin dies but digital currency lives on which has been my expectation for a while.
I don't think its ability to be used illicitly is a significant enough detractor to contribute to its downfall.  I think there are more fundamental concerns. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 01:23:04
I share the same concern about it being deflationary.
My bigger fundamental concern is safety and security.  I don't really like the idea of irreversible transactions without adding an additional layer or some kind of airlock type service.  I think my criticism of that is going to be contentious because it requires some sort of authority.  However, a digital currency has the advantage of doing things that traditional mediums of exchange can not.  Even just making each transaction require some kind of 2 factor authentication would satisfy some of my concern.  Imagine how cool it'd be confirming all transactions over N btc per day out of a wallet with your phone or something?  It'd be easy peace of mind.  I guess this is better summed up as "it's too difficult to be safe for ordinary non-tech folks as of now."  I don't think this changes without piling on additional 3rd party services (which means fees).  I'd rather see the currency itself built with security, ease of use, as low as possible fees, and user friendliness first.  As much as I'm an Android guy, we should take this away from Apple.  Ease of use is paramount to new tech reaching critical mass quickly.  Now, it seems bitcoin is built ideology first - deflationary as you mentioned, mostly anonymous, caveat emptor etc.
@_date: 2014-09-11 14:59:01
You realize that every time you make a rant or generalization about r/buttcoin you are fueling the fire?  ... this is doubly true for how you're perceived by third-party observers.  
Continue if you'd like, but your sub's rank has been stalled out for quite a while now, number of unique bitcoin users is falling, and bitcoin is becoming more and more demographically limited.  You're sinking your own ship by contributing to how hostile, negative, and conspiracy-promoting this place is.  
@_date: 2014-04-11 14:59:18
No I said "Coming out against bitcoin as a spendable and useful currency is I think a bit more reasonable and immune to her criticism."
I think this is where most people are who are against it.  I'd consider myself in this camp as well.  Although, I understand enough about the inner technical workings too.
@_date: 2014-08-07 15:04:57


Yes, this is like saying "make a bunch of graphs assuming that tomorrow Russia and Japan have switched currencies to Wonkadollars."  You can make the graphs but they'd be meaningless.  You don't just assume something becomes a major currency, all of the modeling you'd do would need to support that point using current data and even then you'd be extrapolating based on a ridiculously unprecedented level of growth for what... 6-7 years?
This is all bullshit. 
@_date: 2014-04-11 03:41:29
I joined to respond to this.  I'm sorry it's so long, but it's basically my thoughts to everything you guys have been doing in here for a few years.
I am bearish long-term on bitcoin.  I think reddit, internet forums, and speculators are the groups where bitcoin resonates loudest.  Everyone outside of those groups gives it passing attention or seems to get burned by external issues like Gox due to all the technical caveats working with it.
I watch these forums out of curiosity.  I have an expectation that it will fail and I'm curious if I'm right.  The idea of a digital currency is a fantastic thing, but bitcoin is in my opinion a terrible implementation of the idea if it's to be used as currency.  The arguments have been covered.  If I go over them with any conviction they'll be dismissed but - deflationary, no regulation, does not encourage consumption except via ideology, overly complicated for end users, difficult to secure without doing annoying things like printing it out or locking it away on some non-networked machine.  It appears to be held up in large part by ideologues who seem to want some sort of anti-fiat revolution.  This is not a recipe for any kind of success in the mainstream.  
I have to digress into background for a minute.  You need to realize that the people subscribing to the Libertarian philosophy behind bitcoin are in the minority away from here.  Do you know most people with an interest or further education in macroeconomics disagree with the kind of pervasive Austrian-style economic agenda that's seeped into the tech world (and almost solely the tech world)?  It's not because of brainwashing.  They are not all Keynesians.  In fact I don't think there's anyone who identifies as a Keynesian at this point - nor a "Statist" which is a ridiculous internet pejorative.  The bitcoin community is not inherently more enlightened or smarter.  These other people disagree because of different experience studying empirical data.  They disagree because of exposure to different philosophies, expectations, and models.  They come from different backgrounds, and they're not particularly united into "schools."  Where you guys think you're crowdsourcing some kind of revolution, you've in reality created what from the outside looks a lot like an echo chamber that just seeks to shout down opposing views or bombard them with arguments no matter their applicability or relevance.  
Bitcoin is the digital currency you guys might want but not the one anyone else needs.  That is why I think it fails.
Do I hate bitcoin?  No.  It's just an idea.  I dislike the cultish echo chamber that surrounds it.  That's what I dislike.  I'm afraid that echo chamber is impeding progress, it harms economic discussion, and it breeds a sort of ignorance wherein people think reading a book or two and watching some youtube videos gives them concrete unquestionable knowledge about economics.  Note how brutally unscientific that is.
I think Bitcoin is a lot like the first "automobile."  It's a brilliant idea but ultimately a kind of dangerous, unergonomic, quirky, ham-fisted attempt by engineers at making a wheeled conveyance.  You needed buy-in from the rest of the potential users, iterations, changes, and external groups partnered to make iterative better products.  You guys don't want any inflationary pressure though and using it as currency seems to be an afterthought to making money off of it.  To be blunt, I think this combined with all the ideological baggage behind it is the noose with which you hang yourselves.
I think digital currency might stick around, but there's competition other than some altcoin or user implementation that might win out.  This whole thing could be disrupted by government-backed digital currency.  I expect something similar is already being studied.  I'd expect to see this first piloted in China as a state backed company, and the idea is much more powerful and transformative.  Realistically, if created by a larger group of nations like the EU it becomes a lot stronger and can be used internationally by any nation.  
The simple outline for it is the very low transaction fees pay for secure Government-hosted servers that handle the transaction load.  Purchases can be monitored for taxation purposes.  Transactions could require direct user/citizen authentication and be reversible.  It's 1 to 1 with the existing state fiat currency and the entire system exposes itself as a service to other trusted exchanges - the benefits of it being far more secure than bitcoin and if exposed as an API, it would provide almost instantaneous exchange with any other networked, trusted currency or banking system since it's government backed.  To the heavily privacy-focused and/or Libertarian tech crowd this is a kind of blasphemy, but to the rest of the world that security, convenience, and simplicity could pretty easily win out.  If that isn't what kills it, I'd expect to see different implementations that eschew the ideology since BTC as it stands now will just lead to messes when used as a currency for anyone other than tech-heads.  