@_author: offler
@_date: 2018-12-31 14:23:24
Okay, I didn't get that last part wrong. Why are you talking about it? You won't go to jail directly, but that's not what matters. Stop acting like you only talk or see conversation with people who are beneath you and imagine that you're actually trying to talk to me about what you think of this bill. 
Why are you only able to be suspicious of contexts even I may not be aware of, but have nothing to bring to the table on the subject of the actual discussion? If every conversation with you ends up being about my background motivations, there's no way I, or even most people with opinions would be interested in sharing them with you. I don't think you know anything about me, but if you start assuming, I will think you're an asshole.
You're just throwing slander and spreading misinformation yourself. 'jp followers use this as a front to hate on trans people' - honestly get over yourself. The man is a best seller and has millions of views, plenty of people listen to him and are inspired by some of the things he says in a positive direction. Many are smart enough to not act too giddy about actually admiring somebody.
So this bill was under his attention so he decided that the thing to do would be to spread awareness of the issue through a video. People care because he said it. Nobody is a law buff here, but people are willing to listen to him when he has something to say.
People who care about this care about things handled in accordance with strong principles and convictions. Peterson pointed out this law was not like that. So it seems easy to attack it and pick it apart. The defences for it have been weak by comparison. Frankly, the government should have listened, scrapped the bill, and made new protections for trans people that were much more solid in their foundation. 
So you do a bit of reading and find out he's actually not lying about it. He never said you'd directly go to prison and he was even authoritative enough about the issue that the Senate decided to invite him to speak on the issue! It's like the government actually took his words/concerns seriously and put them on record. It's not like the government believed he was a hack without anything to add. He meaningfully contributed to the debate (arguably started a lot of it).
@_date: 2018-12-31 14:01:09
You are disingenuously moving the goal post by defining what c-16 is in a bad way and then saying that it's too small of an issue for anyone to have a problem with it. Idk, I think changing our criminal code and Human Rights act is some levels of important. You're introducing definitions that could be important later. 
Youve got this group oriented argument where you seem to be implying that if I am against bill c-16 I am almost part of those small fringe groups. Really? We can't just talk about the pros and cons of this particular bill? We have to connect it with who's on what side and vaguely jab at intentions?
We could address the issues head on where you would then have to admit that yeah, the human rights tribunal is problematic in how it's not connected to our court systems. Who gets to decide how things are defined anyways? 
Listen to the arguments in the hearings for bill c-16. The main reason this bill was put through is for appeasement of minority complaints (imo). Nobody seriously cares about trans issues at all, but rather there are people that wanna shut up the protesters. Otherwise, why would they be so sloppy in terms of defining gender? Why would the policy writers relinquish all responsibility to the human rights tribunal? 
This is just a case that shows sloppy governing. It's an easy case to take apart because it's not like there's even serious corruption taking place, or complicated motivations. It feels like genuine laziness that they didn't get the facts right. Feels like populism.
The fact that noone has been arrested is beside the point. How about even using that as an argument for the other side? Are trans people being oppressed? Are people preventing them from renting homes or having access to other needs? Why aren't we arresting such oppressors? Why aren't we at least fining such oppressors?
If you're saying bill c-16 is nothing, people shouldn't even care about it... Then we should care about why the fuck we needed to do it in the first place
@_date: 2018-12-31 13:31:51
Youve completely insulated yourself from opposing arguments.
I am pro protections against minorities and against Bill c-16. The biggest reason being that the definitions of gender and the policy surrounding bill c-16 are to be interpreted by the Ontario Human Rights tribunal. This is an organization that operates outside of the law (judicial system). If we're making something law, I wanna know what's going to happen as a result. Instead we have a shadowy organization, hiding in the weeds or background, able to interpret things on their own whims. Who wouldn't be against that?
 It's always been about setting a precedent. Transgender issues weren't even a thing in mainstream politics 10 years ago. Who even knows what cultural issues become political in another 10. But these laws stick around for much longer. So who has an who has not been arrested is besides the point. Also you can be fined. Not arrested. If you don't pay the fine, then you're arrested. Sounds pretty easy to be arrested. 
Finally, to think you see contrapoints as a better authority on these issues than Peterson is funny. Peterson has the publications and accreditations that make him generally reliable for what he talks about. Contra... Probably has a degree and also makes YouTube vids.
Contras big sticking point was that Marxism and postmodernism do not go together, yet that's what Peterson has been calling his detractors. The problem is that Peterson himself understands that these two stances are incompatible, his point is that the people who protest him are acting in contradictory ways, and that they have incompatible ideas running through their minds. She really doesn't try to understand him, more just, point out all of the mistakes she thinks she sees surrounding the man 