@_author: offseasonchamps
@_date: 2017-12-05 23:05:17
I wouldn't say highly involved by any stretch, but it's what I gifted to former advisees who are now in college for the holidays this year, on the condition that they have to do the leg work of researching what it is they're getting, how to receive it, how to keep it safe, and why it's not a waste of their time. Truthfully, they thought it was super weird when I first told them and didn't really move on it. I've since had three either text or call me with questions about setting up wallets, though, so there's got to be some degree of teachable moment playing out here. Would recommend.
@_date: 2019-12-29 16:41:56
CoinDeal and Etoro are all over the EPL. Watford straight up plays with a BTC logo on their kits this season
@_date: 2018-11-12 16:07:57
^curriculum worker here, your guess is right. Reading charts and graphs is a kind of surprisingly big part of science and reading content in particular here in the States, sometimes at the expense of... well, actual content. If you're curious, check out some practice passages of the ACT's Science section. What you'll find is that despite being contextualized using natural science themes and vocab, it's really a test of your ability to locate, summarize, and synthesize visually presented information in charts, tables, graphs, and short passages. Great question I'd encourage any parent curious about critical thinking in the standardization/privatization era to ask is how your kid's coursework provides opportunities to not only be data literate as a consumer of information, but also get familiarized with the process of information/knowledge creation and expansion.
@_date: 2017-09-13 04:46:56
A verbatim text exchange with my dad this afternoon:
Dad: Jamie Dimon, CEO of JP Morgan Chase, called Bitcoin a fraud. Said he'd fire any trader buying it. This was today.
Me: Yeah I read his remarks...
Dad: I used to respect him. My automatic recurring purchase of $XX/two weeks was executed last night.
@_date: 2018-02-13 21:16:28
This is an awesome collection; thanks for sharing. 