@_author: offsetone
@_date: 2015-12-30 06:46:25


There is a time lock on each transaction. T1's timelock expires after T2. With every step of the dance you reduce the time lock frame. Even if all transactions are broadcast to the network, only the most recent one will make it onto the blockchain because all others are waiting for their time lock to expire.
@_date: 2015-12-31 02:17:26
If mining is centralized in china. Increasing the block size will further centralize mining in china because miners outside of china will have their bigger blocks orphaned as they try to broadcast them through the GFC. 
@_date: 2015-12-31 23:25:22
The core devs as educated cs individuals realize that the protocol in its current form does not scale. Scaling Bitcoin by simply increasing block size to 8gb over a few decades is a Hail Mary that, while facilitating a mediocre capacity increase (2015 visa capacity, decades down the road), very realistically risks the very thing that separates bitcoin from every other currency.
From an academic perspective simply turning the block size dial is a very unsophisticated suggestion. It pales in comparison to truly ingenious ideas such as SW or LN. The inception of Bitcoin was an incredible feat deserving of equally innovative solutions to its problems. 
What will guarantee Bitcoin's long term success isn't simply exponential adoption and block size increase. Bitcoin constitutes an incomprehensible paradigm shift that will persevere as long as its core principles are not violated. We find ourselves having the opportunity to contribute to the creation of a global, immutable, uncensored, trust and permission-less value exchange protocol. I can not emphasise enough how believing that full blocks in 2016 will destroy this effort is an incredibly asinine thought. 
Please lets just give ourselves the time and opportunity to come up with optimal solutions rather than giving in to the pressure of people who believe bitcoin to be their *get rich quick* scheme for the year 2020.