@_author: ogalallaknowhow
@_date: 2018-01-31 14:33:13
The projects funded by ICOs are crypto platforms. Crypto financing crypto in a collective circle jerk to keep the momentum alive.
The difference between real finance and crypto finance is that while the former deals plenty with speculative assets and respective bubbles, banks ALSO finance productive investments. Investments that will hopefully generate a return over time in the form of interest or dividends.
Bitcoiners often invoke the argument that it's a fixed supply that gives Bitcoin its store of value. But in a capitalist system the exact opposite is true. New money needs to be constantly created and destroyed to make investments and grow the economy. Whether that new money is 'empty' or has real value depends entirely on what is being invested in by the banks with the power to issue it.
@_date: 2018-01-31 03:33:39
Leverage and fractional reserve rules have nothing to do with it
Banks create money as a dual-entry credit-debt and in doing so finance production. Hopefully, what gets produced has real value and hence so does the money created to finance it. Banks are as good as the going concerns they finance.
The fundamental difference between banks and these exchanges is that nothing is financed by crypto. There is only a zero-sum financial game of ownership changing hands with respective winners and losers. If the game of high prices comes crashing down, there is no capital or investments of any real value there to stop the crash.
@_date: 2018-01-31 03:09:03
Sorry, but Bitcoin is not a monetary unit of account.
In some instances, Bitcoin apes certain functions of money. But it's volatility makes it a lousy transactions-and-payment system. There is no return from interest or dividends, so you can't call it an investment. In terms of financial use, it's at best a speculative asset. 
You're entire position stems from wishful thinking that the territorial bank money system that defines capitalism will collapse. Not the most rational decision making process.