@_author: ohfuckit
@_date: 2014-01-21 11:37:45
Want to explain what "switching to bitcoin" means in this context? Because I also love the conceptual elegance of bitcoin, and I also need to transfer money to my parents in the United States from another currency, but the barriers and risks are such that I currently don't know how to do it.
I want it to work, I really do. Somebody explain to me how to make it work at less risk or cost than simply sending disguised cash through the post.
@_date: 2014-03-30 13:15:26
"It looks to complicated for me." 
You may well be right about that Bethany.
@_date: 2015-07-29 08:16:05
Sorry if you somehow got the impression that I would want to hide my contempt for George Galloway. You know what really pisses me off about that clueless fucktard? He could have made a difference! All that noise, all those "style points" awarded for his debating style, all those headlines... for remarkably little political impact. What a waste.
@_date: 2015-07-29 07:57:31
Are you telling me that shouting at a televised US senate subcommittee hearing is anything OTHER than bluster, bombast, and attention-seeking behaviour? I liked George Galloway's anti-war stance and I like that he tries to pop the insular bubble of Beltway political opinion, but I don't think it did anything useful in relation to the war and I don't doubt that he was in involved entirely for his own self-aggrandisement. He is a giant wanker and he makes the elements of the British political left interested in a peaceful state look like buffoons.
@_date: 2015-07-29 06:20:26
He isn't the mayor or really even a credible candidate. He is pretty good at getting attention for himself, famous for bluster, bombast, and some pretty weird things he did on Celebrity Big Brother. He might say something intelligent but he quite likely won't,  and i wont be voting for him as bitcoin community spokesperson.
@_date: 2015-07-29 09:27:36
The corrupt political establishment doesn't seem to be teetering much. The Stop the War coalition completely failed to stop the war, despite being on the right side of history. George Galloway is the Al Sharpton  of UK politics. Lots of time in front of parades and in front of cameras, very high self-opinion, very low impact. What policies has he changed? What has he written that is now law? I don't doubt that there must be SOMETHING worthwhile in his many years of shuffling around the UK persuading different constituencies to elect him, but his Loud Outsider status has served his ego more than it has served the country.