@_author: ohioneo
@_date: 2018-07-16 14:08:06
They use Bitgo to store funds, a highly regarded institutional level custodian.
@_date: 2018-07-16 14:07:09
IMO, NEXO is the best lending platform hands down. Anyone wanting to borrow against their crytpo assets should look into NEXO. I own NEXO tokens and have an active loan out with them. The credit card is not available yet. It will be available sometime in Q3 this year. Currently, you can withdraw funds via EUR bank transfer or USDT (Tether). I took my loan in Tether, and the transfer took a few hours to hit my USDT wallet. They are working on adding ACH and SWIFT transfers. The interest rate on loans are 16&amp; They haven't announced what the interest rate will be on the credit card. If you hold NEXO tokens and borrow against it, your interest rate is cut in half.  Dividends are also paid to NEXO holders on a monthly basis. 30&amp; of net profit paid out in ETH. NEXO is also the only SEC-compliant security token at the moment (imagine NEXO being listed on NASDAQ or NYSE).
\-Your crypto deposits are safe. NEXO uses Bitgo to store your funds. Bitgo is a institutional level custodian used by Bitpay, Bitstamp, Korbit, Arrington Capital, Pantera, CME, UPbit and many others.
\-No credit check or waiting period. Open an account, complete the instant KYC, deposit crypto and take out your loan. Currently due to high demand, you might start out on the waiting list. Those with 5,000 or more NEXO tokens deposited into their account get priority access to loans. Loans range from $1,000- $200,000.
\-No minimum payments required at any time. Interest is added to your loan balance and takes away from your available balance. You can payback loan with fiat or your crypto holdings (BTC, ETH, NEXO and BNB currently). SALT requires monthly payments in FIAT.  However see below for liquidation scenarios.
\-You can borrow 50&amp; of the value of BTC and ETH deposited and 20&amp; of the value of NEXO and BNB deposits. They plan to increase the &amp; you can borrow against NEXO, BNB and future alt coins to 30&amp; in the short term. Many alt coints will be added in the future to borrow against, Cardano just got added recently. They will liquidate your crypto to pay off the loan if the value of your crypto falls dangerously close to the amount borrowed. Don't worry, you have a lot of cushion here. For example, you have $2,000 worth of BTC deposited and take out a $1,000 loan.  If the value of your BTC falls to approx $1100-1200, they will liquidate your crypto to pay off the loan. However you can always pay down your loan or deposit more crypto so your deposits don't get liquidated. All of the lending platforms have a similiar setup. MCO, ETHlend and SALT have similar policies and borrowing percentages.
\-NEXO is founded by a European FinTech company that has been lending for 10 years. Michael Arrington, Polymath CEO and Paolo Taska are the advisers, can't really ask for any bigger names. NEXO is currently working on an acquisition of a US Bank, which will give them a huge advantage over other crypto lending platforms. Yes, I am a NEXO super bull. This is a project that has a working product that will only see exponential increase in demand for loans. The token has real value as it pays dividends and is already SEC- complaint. The token is currently down 75&amp; from it's ATH and slightly below ICO price.
@_date: 2018-07-16 14:09:23
The credit card isn't out yet, which is probably why they haven't listed the interest rate. Most credit cards have a variable interest rate usually based on the Prime rate.