@_author: ohitsthatasian
@_date: 2013-12-25 11:36:10
If it has been restored, then you don't need to/can't change the SSH password. Once you jailbreak, it allows you to "root" into your phone, giving you (and attackers) access to your filesystem. Generally, without a jailbreak, you cannot install unsigned apps that are not from the appstore. However, check "Profiles" under Settings--&gt;General to see if there are certificates that you have not authorised or installed yourself. 
If you were to jailbreak in the future, download from evasion's official site and links, and install openssh. Use your faourite SSH client or install MobileTerminal on your phone. Type "su root", then "alpine" as the password. Next, type "passwd", then enter your new SSH password twice, do the same for "mobile", by typing "passwd mobile", and then your desired password.
Have you installed an antivirus and scanned your Mac to see if anything is infected? If not, I highly recommend you do so, in case that there is some malware hidden. 
Also, check Gmail's "Last Account Activity" in the bottom right hand corner, to see if there are any logins that are out of the ordinary, e.g different country, browsers you don't use etc.
@_date: 2013-12-25 05:54:17
The evasi0n jailbreak downloaded from the official website is not ^should ^not ^be backdoored, but V1.0 would install a third party package called TaiG if your locale was set to Chinese. This has since been removed from evasi0n in the 1.0.1 update. If the jailbreak was installed with a non Chinese locale, taiG would not have been installed. The claim that TaiG sent data to a website were [corrected](
I think OP may have done something else such as downloading it from an unofficial source. Also, if is reading this, check Gmail's bottom right corner for "Last Account Activity", if it's enabled it should show any unusual activity or an IP that isn't standard, normally in red. If there's nothing odd such as a different country or browser that you use, your Mac is most likely infected, and I would suggest getting a free antivirus to at least scan through it.