@_author: ohshei8e
@_date: 2014-11-25 19:10:40
It seems we have annoyed you by our letter. I feel sorry about that. We are no attorneys and do not try to act like that. The letter is a statement of intent. I think many victims will agree with the most of the content. The distribution key is perhaps the only point at issue. 
With all due respect I like to say that our distribution key is much more fairer than the method you have described. With your method many victims would get nothing and others would receive a refund of their total deposits. This would not be fair and in addition it would also be very complicated. The implementation would cause enormous costs. Selling Bitcoins would create tax liability for many victims. And how and to whom the coins should be sold? We are not talking about Silkroad. All Gox victims look at the 200,000 coins as their rightful possession. Many of us stored their coins for months or even years on Gox. I had almost all my Bitcoins on MtGox and with your method I would get back nothing. 
I think if everyone gets their fair share this is the best method. Everything else would cause more problems than we ever had IMHO. Something like MtGox can happen at any time again. 
@_date: 2014-11-26 01:24:23
Thank you for your estimation. 
A Bitcoin is a Bitcoin, no matter when it was purchased. If we start to treat Bitcoins unequal, then we open a Pandora's box. Such things make people very angry. When my Bitcoins from MtGox have a lower value than other Bitcoins from MtGox why the 220,000 Goxcoins should then have the same value as normal Bitcoins? 
So when I get passed over I blacklist these coins and no longer accept them until they are not mixed in  homoeopathic doses with normal Bitcoins. That would be okay for me too. And if even more people do that I think it would have serious consequences. I do not think that there's a similar case, because Bitcoin is stateless money which makes it very different from other assets. People accept it voluntarily or not. There is no law that forces a market participants to accept a particular input. Nobody wants to get paid with its own Bitcoins. That's the normative force of the present state. 