@_author: oiledottoman
@_date: 2018-01-29 18:13:33
Looks really nice man, good work.
@_date: 2018-08-25 06:34:46
For the moment invest it in a project in which you believe fundamentally and hodl. Then go read books about trading (basic instruction books about making a sound fundamental analysis and technical analysis, advanced books about indicators in an analysis etc.) and watch videos about it. After you've done "enough" research, try to make a trade without putting money in. What I mean is,  make an analysis and see how your outcome would've been of you had made the trade if you had put your money into it. You will get some experience and knowledge about trading like this. But eventually it is time for the real deal and you need to put your money where your mouth is.
NOTE: Trading can be intensive. It will take a lot of your time and it can take some of your money before you master anything in this field. 
@_date: 2018-08-01 08:45:20
@_date: 2018-05-11 21:07:54
Is it that, or a cute little pokerchip
@_date: 2018-04-02 19:30:03
I agree that BTC will stay on top for a long while, but it will be replaced eventually. Albeit slowly. Like the writer says, other projects eat up parts of btc's dominance in the market. You can't just call this an incorrect metric and whipe it off the table. This surely is an indication. There are more exchanges offering fiat pairs or alt pairs. And these numbers will keep increasing. Fewer peopleneed btc as their "gateway crypto".
Furthermore calling btc totally decentralized and other coins centralized is a false statement. First of all you can't just put all altcoins in the same corner. And second of all the btc miners (e.g. bitmain) have alot of influence and their decisions have a big effect on the market. It's nonsense to call btc decentralized when big players like these are active in the market.
That all being said. I'm thankful for btc, because it was the first of its kind and it made crypto known to the mainstream. Like I said it's here to be the leader for a long time, but disregarding that we can't act like btc is the holy grail.
Disclaimer: I'm no native english speaker. So sorry for the mistakes.