@_author: oiq011110
@_date: 2017-12-19 16:25:50
if you get a high energy dog and you aren't capable of providing it a proper amount of exercise due to your own physical limitations or time limitations, you're doing the dog a disservice
ie: some dont adopts a dog that turns out to be half working line malinois. the dog takes after the malinois more than the other breed in its mix. the dog is a nightmare for the average owner to handle. the dog lives a poor life because it just isn't the type of dog a normal person can provide enough mental/physical stimulation for, resulting in stress for the dog. 
it is not solely "this is what i want"
you're reducing the likelihood of later behaviorial problems, stress and negative emotions for the dog, and possibility of abandonment by choosing a dog that will actually suit your life
choosing a dog that is probably not going to murder your pet rabbit or your flock of goats is not just "this is convenient for me" but a very important aspect 
choosing a dog that isn't predisposed to human aggression is significant if you live a life where the dog needs to handle a LOT of people
choosing a dog that is not going to chase your small child is also significant (heelers are notorious for this problem due to their ingrained behaviors cultivating a HIGH prey drive that focuses on bite drive unlike a border collie, which has the high chase/prey drive but little to no bite drive); people abandon dogs all the time because they keep harming their child. this isn't just "wah, convenient for me" 
choosing a dog that is not going to get to 120lbs when you're a 5'0" petite 55 year old lady is important; you won't be able to handle a dog of this size in an "oh shit" situation and may contribute to the death of the dog or, in the case of a BIG aggressive breed like a cane corso, the death of someone else's dog
choosing a dog that is within your apartments breed/size restrictions is important; you may later be forced to give up the dog (resulting in stress for the dog) if it ends up growing over the size limit or is labelled as a non-acceptable breed by your landlord 


they also want to bite, chase, retrieve, guard, smell/track, bay, and bark depending on what that dog is predisposed to. you can love your husky mutt all you want, but if you're a couch potato or physically disabled, love isn't going to fulfill its need for exercise and stimulation. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 14:56:12
i know that at least dream market (potentially others, not sure) has started to allow vendors to accept bitcoin cash for payment already
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:04:01
have you?
i really wanna know that number. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:14:51
RemindMe! Jan 1st 2020
@_date: 2017-12-15 21:21:58
coinbase &gt; gdax &gt; binance is free if you do so in that order. 
depends on what you want to do with the btc though. what is the transaction?
@_date: 2017-12-19 13:26:35
Dogs in shelters can be extremely different than the dog will be after it gets home. 
A lot of shelter dogs are very shut down and appear more calm than they are, because they are in that shut down state of shock. Once settled in they might exhibit way more behavioral issues than you are able to view in a shelter. 
"Guesses" for dogs breeds from shelters are also often inaccurate and don't provide a real idea of what traits the dog may be predisposed to, or even their adult size when adopting puppies. 
"Honest descriptions" are also not always true. Most of them are shallow descriptions sugarcoated. "Needs an experienced owner" was listed on a recent bully mutt a friend was looking at. Later find out: the dog had bitten the previous foster in the face. The shelter staff also often DONT have enough information on that particular dog to give an accurate description of what the dog is actually like outside of being confined to a kennel and taken for a short walk here and there. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:20:11
RemindMe! Jan 1st 2024
@_date: 2017-12-19 18:36:35


so what you're saying is its hard to determine appropriate dogs based on the distorted view of the dog you see in the shelter? hmm...
not all of them are shut down. this was an example of getting a dog you expect to be "calm" and "low energy" who isn't at all that once adjusted. 
you can have the opposite too, but that's less problematic. most people have an easier time managing a lazy dog than a hyper one. 
we had shelter dogs where i used to work and some of them were bouncy and crazy in the kennels, some of them were timid and "quiet" but quite happy go-lucky and even hyper later. this environment makes it very hard to select a suitable dog based on limited exposure to temperament in a situation that doesn't mirror home life. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 13:39:42
having a hard time following without visuals, sorry
U's across the entire span of bitcoin? across a few days? a few months? which chart are you looking at? 
@_date: 2017-12-19 13:30:38
1. you want a puppy whos genetic predisposition you are confident in; including its size. the puppy at a shelter may be labeled as a wholly inaccurate breed/mix. 
2. you want a puppy who (when buying from a breeder) has been socialized and handled during the critical window prior to 16 weeks of age. this makes a significant difference in the later outcome of the puppy. good breeders will see to it that the puppy is raised in a home environment and handled and desensitized to stimulus. 
3. you don't want to deal with the horribly invasive hoop jumping process many rescues make you go through. you don't want to give them the right to show up to your house for a "home check" whenever. you don't want to essentially be renting a dog someone can take back because they think you looked at them the wrong way. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 19:41:22
See: "a lot of dogs".
I did not say "most" dogs. I said "a lot". 
"A lot" of dogs are also hyperactive and overstimulated. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 14:06:52
breeding absolutely can determine trainability
if you go for a high-drive malinois from a working line vs. a mixed breed chi/pug from a shelter, the working line malinois is absolutely going to be more receptive to training (barring flukes)
that has a lot to do with BREED more than pure or mixed, but you don't know the exact breed of a shelter dog, and the parents lines being working or show lines can also determine a good deal about the level of drive and trainability that dog will have (similar to selecting for so many traits you create a breed, a "line" is like a subtype of the breed)
@_date: 2017-12-20 03:13:09
anecdotal stories of "hey youre saying this happened but it clearly didn't"? 
@_date: 2017-12-15 13:54:14
i used to actually use it for purchasing; what i currently hold is leftovers from purchases i had made in prior years
it is no longer viable to use it for purchasing as i previously did, only hold the leftover scraps
@_date: 2017-12-07 15:59:25
RemindMe! 12 months
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:22:39
RemindMe! Jan 1st 2019
@_date: 2017-12-15 21:34:46
i have no idea on that one tbh
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:12:04
high prey drive
if you don't want a dog to chase your kids, you can avoid this (or, are more likely to be able to avoid it) by getting a breed has been historically bred to select AGAINST prey drive
any idea what sort of dog you had?
@_date: 2017-12-19 17:16:54
baseline person with no special needs still has a lifestyle and time limit. the amount of physical activity they can provide the dog will vary between all people. the amount of time they can dedicate will ary among all people. this is not an obscure specific niche situation; each person is capable of their own limits only. 
all people are also going to then also have slightly more specific situations to consider like their current living situation, children, other animals in the home, level of experience with dogs/training, etc. you can't NOT consider any aspect of your lifestyle; there is no "blank slate human in search of dog". 
you are arguing any dog is suitable for any person barring a "minority special needs case", but this is not true. this is what leads to dogs being surrendered or put to sleep (or even abused); they just aren't compatible with the home they are placed into. 
pugs are bred for aesthetics primarily (there's multiple breeds that were never bred for any "purpose"). this is about genetic behaviors and temperament to suit the family, not appearance. i don't agree with breeding *purely* for physical appearance that does not relate to the task the dog needs to do. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 18:58:55


where do you even get this
there's nothing to back that up at all
the only reason the "mutts are genetically healthier" thing exists is because mutts with diversified genetics may be less likely to carry the multiple copies needed to activate certain disorders, while if you're breeding within a breed that carries it, you run the risk of the dog inheriting the multiple copies required to activate said genetic health issue 
however; they can also inherit multiple copies of genes from a variety of breeds mixed into them and ALSO end up with genetic health issues as well -- and you don't even have the fallback of genetic testing on parents or screening the dog regularly throughout its life to catch diseases that dog may be predisposed to before it becomes severe
there aren't a lot of "temperament problems" (a few really obscure things like "rage syndrome"); only dogs ill-suited to a particular owner/family/home that develop "behaviorial problems" because the owner cannot properly utilize the instinct/temperament
@_date: 2017-12-19 16:33:37


met very few springers, but didn't like those i did meet much
sort of squirmy and traitorous feeling -- but like i said, met very few
i don't like most bird dog breeds, though. except labs. labs are good boys. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 21:13:25
teller had to call some higher level person on the phone and go through special approval just to let me withdraw $2,400 last week. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 13:31:12
if i have a 10-15 year old laptop that isn't connected to wifi, could i throw tails onto a USB, plug into laptop, and store the wallet this way?
how would you check balances in the wallet without internet connectivity? 
@_date: 2017-12-19 13:32:21
does no one realize they might have bought the puppy then gone to a pet store to buy supplies for it...................... not bought the puppy at the pet store.........
@_date: 2017-12-19 20:00:11
....read the post it plain as day says "a lot" 
there's no edit on the post either (check it: no asterisk, no edit history)
you ok there buddy?
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:58:39
bought for actual purchasing purposes for years prior to this year, but never to hold
bought some to hold this year
feel apathy and little to no alarm or anything at all other than "cool it's cheap now if i wanna buy more"
@_date: 2017-12-19 20:09:09
you're insisting you read something that was never written, then insisting it was edited when there's no edit on the post at all.......
@_date: 2017-12-22 15:01:52
what are the majority of them?
@_date: 2017-12-15 21:36:58
then you'll have to pay a transaction fee to send to their wallet regardless
they are only free to use to move among each other and their purpose is more for converting one coin into another, not payments
btc is not currently a good currency for transactions. i don't buy stuff with it anymore. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 13:16:10
this is true, but if you're getting a dog from a reputable breeder, not a pet store, where the puppies have been handled and raised well it (usually; there are exceptions like genetic problems) makes a HUGE difference
there is a window of being highly impressionable ("socialization window" or "learning window") up to until about 14-16 weeks. most puppy owners don't get the dog until minimum 8 weeks, more commonly 12. 
if the puppy has spent the majority of its life confined to a kennel, as a stray, under a porch, etc. with little human handling and little exposure to stimulus (ie: handling their paws, vacuums, bathing, other animals) you are without a doubt more likely to have a harder time with the puppy than if the puppy had been very well handled and socialized by the breeder during this stage. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:46:50
no one is obligated to save a dog
people could adopt children instead of having them themselves, but more often than not, they don't. you could tell them the very same thing you're saying right now.
people could put all of their money into charities and live an extremely modest life, but they don't. you don't yell this same spiel at people for choosing to buy an xbox instead of donate to charity. you don't yell at a person for going out to eat instead of cooking a modest meal and donating food to the hungry. you don't yell at people sending their children to private schools and not donating to educate the poor. you don't yell at people buying produce farmed on cheap slave labor. you don't yell at people buying cheap good produced in chinese sweat shops. 
the aspect of money is also irrelevant. if someone has money to invest in a dog, this means nothing towards the quality of life the dog can be expected to have (save, maybe, the owner considering it more valuable and probably having the money to put into vet care later since they can afford the large price now). you don't yell at people who buy a luxury item because "wow don't you spend your money on things i disapprove of". the investment also goes towards a good breeder properly handling and socializing the puppies and raising them in a home environment (as opposed to a stray, a kennel, etc.) during the very critical window, care for the bitch during pregnancy, testing for genetic/health problems, etc. 
you single out only dogs. 
you've probably gone to more generic shelters/pounds. breed specific rescues are renowned for being very invasive and choosey about the people they place the dogs with, to the point of many people accusing the rescue's members of "hoarding" dogs. there is at least one labrador rescue i know of that won't place a dog with a family unless there is a retired person home who does not work, to be home with the dog 24/7. a family with kids? they won't let you have the lab. 
many of them also won't let you adopt a dog if you live in an apartment or don't have a fenced yard. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 16:50:00
they're not specific to people in certain situations. 
if someone has a cat, as many people do, they probably should avoid breeds that are predisposed to killing small animals. 
many people have children and DONT want a dog that is predisposed to chasing and harmign their children. 
these are two REALLY COMMON examples and a lot of "we have to get rid of this dog because its hurting our children or stalking our cat, to the rescue you go!" could be avoided. 
someone who just ISNT an active person isn't going to fulfill a super high energy breed like most malinois, huskies, terriers, etc. and the dog is going to suffer. this isn't a "specific scenario"; this is a very, very common one. the energy level of a specific dog is one of the most important things to consider. how much time can you actually dedicate to stimulation for the dog? if you can't meet that, or it's just not your own personality, then you do the dog a disservice. people and dogs would both have a lot better time if they matched their own energy levels to that of the dog they get. behavioral issues are so commonly linked to a bored dog that has insufficient mental/physical outlet. behavioral issues get dogs surrendered and potentially put down. behavioral issues make people get frustrated and hit the dog. 
the "normal person" who just wants a dog is the same person i'm talking about. "normal people" have to consider their own ability to provide mental and physical exercise, if they have children, if they live in an apartment where size or barking is a concern, if they have small animals, if they have other pets of any kind, if they are elderly, if they are small/weak, if they are experienced enough in training a dog to handle a dog that NEEDS someone who understands more, etc. these are very much "normal people" things. 


"normal person" is generally not equip to deal with an abuse case if they don't have significant experience with dogs or training. especially if the abuse case has created aggression, *especially* if it's human-aggression. you do the dog a disservice to fulfill your own "i did a good" ego by getting the dog that needs someone more capable than you. 
most people who say "my dog was abused" don't actually have an abused dog though. they have an undersocialized dog that is, as unsocialized and feral animals are, wary of humans due to being unfamiliar with them. time spent in a shelter environment can also worsen anxiety and behavior issues, producing a very frightened dog that's never been hit in any way.  
@_date: 2017-12-22 14:53:16
more and more people seem to be using ltc/eth to exchange due to the high fees of transferring btc
@_date: 2017-12-22 14:55:20
dream market has allowed vendors to start accepting bitcoin cash 
seemed relevant to me
@_date: 2017-12-20 12:31:00
getting a dog from a good breeder does not predispose you to a dog with any more health issues than a shelter dog, unless you select an inherently healthy breed.
a poor breeder? yes. 
a puppy mill? absolutely. 
a good breeder? no. 
i am not sure about germany, but rescues here tend to say "he loves everyone!" (= he is hyperactive and jumps on everyone) or "she's just a little shy!" (= she is extremely fearful and undersocialized, and may bite out of fear) and like i said before "needs an experienced owner" (= he has a bite history)
the descriptions of the dogs are always very vague and nicely worded to sort of anthropomorphize the dogs. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 16:10:17
it is not all around better to get a dog from a shelter. i already illustrated multiple points of why getting a dog from a good breeder is a GOOD option.
shelters are an unfortunate byproduct. they are not the ideal. the ideal is getting dogs from "dog people" who know their stuff, and create a good dog for other people. many breeders can place the correct puppy with the family based on temperament. 
not everyone wants to go to a "shelter" and get a pitbull mix or a chihuahua mix or a mystery puppy that might grow to 120lbs. not everyone wants to get a mystery mix that later grows up and gets labelled as a bully mix that they can't keep because of rental restrictions on breed. they may also not want to get a mystery mix that turns out to be part cattle dog that chases and nips children, or part husky that will possibly kill their cat one day, or part terrier whos energy level will be more than the family is actually able to accommodate. 
specific breeds "sometimes" require special care means nothing. you can avoid those specific breeds. you might end up with a mystery mutt that has them in them. there's no guarantee a "shelter mutt" will be any healthier based on "muh hybrid vigor". 


i already illustrated why. let me repeat: because breeds have been selectively bred to emphasize certain traits and extinguish others. if you want a low energy dog, you can select a low energy breed. if you want a high energy dog, you can select a high energy breed. if you want an intensely trainable dog, you can get a working line of that breed. if you have small animals or livestock, you can avoid a breed that has a high predisposition to chase and kill. if you want a dog to guard, you can get a dog from a guardian subtype. if you want a dog that's friendly to everyone, you can get a dog that has no guarding instinct. breeds exist for this reason. an old lady probably doesn't want her labrador to turn out to be a cane corso mix. 
"a buddy for life" could easily become a highly stressful dog you resent, because you got a mutt thats a breed mix incompatible to your lifestyle. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 13:25:40
where are we on this U at current? 