@_author: oisyn
@_date: 2018-01-22 09:43:59
I think the "no" answers above deserve some nuance. When a new block is mined, it takes some time to download the mined block (if it's mined by a different party) and determine which transactions were used in that block, and to create a new list of transactions that would fill the new block. If you halt all mining until you know which transactions you would like to include, you're essentially wasting time. So what miners usually do is, as soon as they learn that there is a new block, start mining an empty block. Then, after all transactions have been determined and the merkle tree root hash of those transactions is known, they can switch over to mining a full block.
That being said, the hash rate does not depend on the number of transactions in a block, so mining an empty one is by no means easier. It just means you can start sooner. And that's why empty blocks in the block chain are almost always found within a minute of the previous block.
@_date: 2018-08-21 23:13:10
If my 15 years of experience in the games industry has taught me anything, it's that efficiency doesn't come automatically. Only when you impose limits (be it artificially or running into actual hardware limits), people will be forced to optimize their code and data for performance and memory usage. Every time when switching to a newer generation of consoles, you would see developers lose their restraint and write very inefficient code, because hey, the sky is the limit, right? Only to create an enormous amount of technical debt, because in one or a couple of projects down the line you are actually running out of memory or low on framerate as you add new tech, and you have to optimize everything you wrote.
We've seen huge strides in the past year to make Bitcoin more efficient, both on the protocol level (segwit, LN) as on the user side (wallet management by big users such as exchanges), simply because it was mandatory to keep the system usable. If the block size were blindly increased every time the blocks were full, we would never have seen these developments. I'm all for increasing the block size, *eventually*, but first we need to bite the bullet every once in a while to make sure the growth is sustainable by making efficient use of the resources that we've got.
@_date: 2017-01-05 00:21:01
The post said the position got liquidated though.
@_date: 2017-01-05 15:48:35
Liquidated as in forcefully closed because of lack of margin. Not just closed by user.