@_author: oj109
@_date: 2018-09-01 12:06:05
In London (where this looks to be) it probably is a billionaire's house. It's probably worth at least £10m in the prime parts and could very easily be worth £20m+ if it's actually much bigger than it looks (not that uncommon) because some of them have big basements, built out very deep and/or have huge extensions.
@_date: 2019-04-22 12:44:17
Bitcoin is just like any other currency.
It only has legitimacy as enough people choose believe in it, often with some kind of objective underlying value.
It used to be gold because it was shiny, rare and portable and of course it could be used as jewellery or smelted into a useful tool.
Then it was fiat money because it allowed for financial products and infinite growth (largely credit with ending the Great Depression)
Blockchain is undoubtedly a revolutionary product that will transform the world, but Bitcoin isn't the only currency using blockchain. It's going to require a huge shift in momentum of an unprecedented scale to replace any currency. Most people only ever used Bitcoin as a speculative tool to make more (fiat) money rather than using it as a legitimate currency aside from the darknet - in which it was just a medium of exchange for (fiat) money. Also, energy limitations is a very real constraint on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-05-23 02:50:48
Yes, you did, thank you :)
I love learning about the subtle differences and complexities in different countries
@_date: 2019-05-20 05:22:31
Exactly. This sub by default is pro-Bitcoin. It can get a bit into hivemind territory quite frequently.
I believe in blockchain technology and think it will certainly underpin a massive transformation in our society (not just financial, but legal contracts etc) but ultimately the currency of Bitcoin in itself can only exist because people choose to have faith in it as a medium of exchange.
There are many cryptos with the same or better technology as Bitcoin, but aren't accepted as a means of payment like Bitcoin because there isn't mass consensus.
But worse, the main reason Bitcoin took off was because people were speculating on it. As much as I wanted to believe in Bitcoin because of its underlying technology, I couldn't see it replacing fiat currencies any time soon. And even if it did organically develop to that extent (everyone swapped fiat for Bitcoin) the government would step in to protect the legitimacy of their own currencies and/or regulate Bitcoin or introduce their own cryptocurrency as to control the money supply.
@_date: 2019-05-21 05:45:24


Could you talk more about this? Sounds interesting
@_date: 2019-05-23 00:43:55
I also heard that a lot of Brazilians tend to buy consumer goods on credit/hire purchase. Is this also the reason? (in addition to low incomes/high import taxes)