@_author: ok_just_write
@_date: 2019-03-12 00:38:01
Awwwww, are you gonna stop? :(
I'll admit this is a high note, but I think you can do better.
EDIT: Trotskyite is an interesting insult. Not only is it bizarrely inapplicable in this context, but who cares or even thinks about Trotsky in 2019? I think you revealed a little more than you intended here...
@_date: 2019-03-11 14:46:21
Sheesh, people. Maybe he's just an adult man who wants a healthy relationship. You don't lie in relationships you care about if you want them to be solid. That doesn't mean you have to agree with the other person and do everything they want, but be man enough to be open about what you think and don't be a little weasel saying one thing and doing another.
For all those saying he should have lied or hid what he was doing, what would you think if she was your partner and she was the one in the hot seat for investing money into some business opportunity you think is dumb? Would it be OK for her to lie if she got involved in some MLM business or was trying to become a social media influencer? Not saying bitcoin is MLM, but just insert whatever business opportunity you disapprove of. Would it make it better if she ignored your concerns and her investments paid off 2-5 years down the line? I think even if it was a happy ending, at least some of you would still be uncomfortable.
His investment may pay off in the future, it may not...but whether or not he's right won't help him with building trust in his marriage.
@_date: 2019-03-11 20:12:28
If you want to debate, let's do this properly and make this specific and evidence-based, and define our terms--especially since neither one of us is Venezuelan. I'm not even 100% sure which coup you're referring to. If there's a specific source you'd like me to look at I'll do so. Sources in English or Spanish are fine.
Again, while the US has a large influence in the world, not everything is about them. You miss a lot of complexity by thinking through that lens.
I've said nothing about how I feel about the actions of any individuals in the US government. You're making big assumptions.
@_date: 2019-03-11 22:56:32


Ah, yes. Leaders like Maduro always win, don't they ;)
I agree--it's a good idea to stop here. I'm very comfortable with how this played out.
@_date: 2019-03-11 15:18:49
I'm not saying she's 100% an angel or that their relationship is worth keeping. If she's controlling him, he needs to call her out on it and take responsibility rather than lie. 
@_date: 2019-03-11 19:41:54
Some actual Venezuelans would disagree with you about what's going on here.
I'm not saying the Trump administration isn't doing any meddling, and I'm not saying you can't critique those who have been against Chavez and Maduro from the beginning. But to view Guaidó as a plant is also imperialist, and on top of that reductive. I'm sure in-country there's some diversity of opinion, but Venezuelans have been raising concerns about abuses of power and voting with their feet for a couple decades now, long before the more recent economic collapse.
I recommend looking through materials from Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, and other reports from human rights organizations from the early 2000s.
@_date: 2019-03-11 23:56:47
Go on. Your wild assumptions and leaps of logic are pretty amusing at this point. I welcome you continuing to prove my point for me. It's pretty clear what you are.
@_date: 2019-03-09 15:45:06
I see this as a good thing in that it preserves various options to pay, especially anonymous options. Cashless is most likely going to mean your choices are Visa, Mastercard, or Amex; there's no guarantee that would be expanded to crypto and cashless as it's currently conceived by the mainstream is as likely to work against crypto adoption as for it I think. 
This decision doesn't do anything for bitcoin either way really, but for anyone in favor of checking centralized power and giving people choices/freedom about how to pay for things, I think it's a win. People who want to preserve cash are our allies, as strange as it sounds. [Anyone remember that blog post from last month about the IMF hypothesizing that eliminating cash would give them the freedom to implement negative interest rates?]( Yes cash is fiat, but it's one more tool for your financial toolbox to be wisely used when appropriate. You don't have to keep your savings in it.
@_date: 2019-03-11 22:04:20
There have been two coups in Venezuela since 1999. It was impossible to know if you were referring to 2002 or more recent events without you being more specific. Why are you freaking out over a simple request for clarification? 
All the Guardian article does is make the case that the Chavez opposition had close ties to the Bush administration. It says nothing about whether Chavez himself was an A-OK democratic leader or turning authoritarian and violating Venezuelan law. I'm no fan of Bush and would agree that he could be viewed as war criminal. But it does not follow that the Chavez opposition had no legitimate complaints. The world's not black and white. Were those leading Bush's Axis of Evil boogeymen countries angels above reproach?
To answer your earlier question, in the aftermath of the 2002 coup, human rights organizations were holding both Chavez and the opposition to task for anti-democratic behavior. I never said the opposition was blameless.
I actually wish the US would stay out of this one, precisely because of our history in Latin America. But it's worth noting that Russia and China are the only two countries advocating that outsiders don't get involved...when they themselves have been deeply involved in Venezuela for awhile now and have an interest in maintaining the status quo.
I'll note that you haven't bothered to address the video I originally linked to. However, it doesn't really matter: neither of us knows very much about the Venezuelan constitution, which is what you need to really have an opinion on which side in that country is right. But again, as reports from human rights organizations will support, at least a significant minority of Venezuelans have been saying the country has major problems for a long period of time. You are ignoring their view of the situation, and quite frankly that's appalling. People are suffering and regardless of the history, the present needs to be remedied. Let's listen to Venezuelans about how that should happen.
@_date: 2019-04-10 11:54:25
I'm no expert, but in the past couple of years I've been learning about gemology. Because of their value and the hype around them, there's a lot available to the non-gemologist or jeweler for identifying diamonds. You can buy an electronic tester to tell you if a stone is a diamond or something else, for example. There are specialized labs that can tell natural from lab- grown, and most labs will mark their diamonds anyway so there's no confusion.
That being said, if you know little about diamonds it's very easy for you to be fooled, and even gemologists can be tricked if they're sloppy or don't keep up with their education, as it's of course an arms race between the fraudsters and the buyers. After learning a little, I would never spend a lot with someone I didn't trust.