@_author: okcoin-official
@_date: 2017-07-28 10:13:06
Dear users, 
Starting August 1, 2017 20:20 (GMT+8), BCC (Bitcoin Cash also named BitcoinABC) will begin to be mined. In the strictest sense, BCC is an alternative asset to BTC, and is not part of or a fork of Bitcoin. We have determined that BCC has changed the original technology and security intention of BTC, by adopting the dynamic difficulty adjustment. It is in our judgement a new digital asset, but simply that BCC starts its ledger history with the same owners as that of BTC. As such this asset has granted all BTC holders the equivalent amount of BCC at the outset. 
OKCoin International BCC rules for those using our margin trading service: 
Because of technical complexity，borrowers and lenders would NOT be granted any BCC. If you have any questions to our policy, we suggest that you pay off in advance of August 1, 2017 20:20 and re-finance afterwards.
From our earlier notice on deposits and withdraws, we kindly remind you again: 
1. From July 31, 2017 00:00 to August 3, 2017 00:00, in order to prevent replay attacks we will halt Bitcoin deposits and withdraws. In order to not interrupt your trading experience, we recommend you deposit bitcoins in advance. 
2. In order to prevent replay attacks leading to a loss of either BTC or BCC, the OKCoin International technical team will be conducting extensive testing, and the resumption of deposits and withdraws may be earlier or delayed. 
We endeavor to continue to provide you with better products and better services! 
For more updates, please follow our twitter(OKcoin) or blog at: 
OKCoin International: +852 5808 5768 
 
July 27, 2017
@_date: 2017-07-18 12:21:29
Since its release in 2009, Bitcoin has gained unprecedented global influence over the past eight years. Bitcoin’s progress was a natural evolution of the internet. It has also ushered in new possibilities for the evolution of our society and today counts itself as the most reliable public blockchain in the world. Bitcoin has the potential to be the basic infrastructure on which emergent blockchain applications are built upon and play a major role in our new economy.
Over the recent years of rapid growth of Bitcoin, several different development paths and proposals have emerged within the Bitcoin community. Some have advocated for expanding the block size in order to handle more transactions and increase network throughput. Some have proposed introducing a new transaction format and upgrading the data structure (SegWit) and developing second layer technologies such as Lightning Network in order to increase transaction throughput. OKCoin is proud of and thankful for all experts and developers for their commitment to the advancement of Bitcoin. We believe that the fight for the future of Bitcoin have been based on technical ideas, not on conspiracy theories, or politics amongst various companies and organizations.
In our everyday lives, the technologies we enjoy have similarly emerged from their own controversies and growing pains. For example, Windows Mobile, Nokia Symbian, iOS, Android competed in the market for years until iOS and Android become widely accepted. Similarly, today’s China’s high speed rail network is a result of years of market competition between different technologies such as magnetic levitation versus wheel-based high speed trains. As for Bitcoin, we believe that market competition should be the decider of what technology prevails, not summits or political pacts in support of one option or another.
OKCoin as a company is dedicated to making Bitcoin accessible, and our purpose is to serve the best interests of each and every one of our customers. OKCoin does not and has no power to help users choose which kind of Bitcoin technology to adopt. Our stance is that OKCoin will support all competing forms of Bitcoin, and grant each option to our customers and the market.
Officially, OKCoin is preparing for the upcoming potential Bitcoin forks with the following policies:
1. During the potential fork, from 2017-07-30 to 2017-08-05, we will suspend Bitcoin deposits and withdrawals due to potential technical risks such as replay attacks and other issues that may cause network instability. We will further advise on specific timing but we advise that you deposit Bitcoin in advance in order to not affect your trading. 
2. If there is no fork, and the network is stable, we will resume Bitcoin deposits and withdrawals. 
3. If Bitcoin is split into several blockchains, OKCoin will for every blockchain give users their rightful ownership of their Bitcoin. In addition, OKCoin will take steps to support trading for every type of Bitcoin. 
4. In all these circumstances, the easiest way for uninterrupted trading is for users to deposit Bitcoin in advance and OKCoin will handle all resulting technical issues related to the potential Bitcoin forks. 
5. If unexpected market action occurs during the potential Bitcoin fork period, OKCoin may temporarily also suspend Bitcoin trading.
We believe in the years ahead, after a long period of market competition, one or several versions of Bitcoin will be widely adopted. Let us all work towards that future together.
For more details, follow our official blog at:
OKCoin