@_author: okcoin_richard
@_date: 2015-02-05 17:56:08
I guess I’ll thank you for not holding back with your question...
With a compliance background, obviously you will appreciate that any answer I would give on any topic such as this would have certain caveats around it, which it’s not possible to provide through a Reddit answer (for example due to the segregation of the businesses my focus is on the USD exchange only). I would be happy to do this offline and one of the initiatives I am looking at is how we better reassure and inform users, what commitments we can make, and at what level these commitments have been verified (including through internal compliance and independent verification/audit). We are looking at a range of measures including additional proof of reserves / audits, custodial relationships etc. Ask around and I’m sure you’ll hear that we are working hard on a lot of fronts with a lot of respected partners. In addition, though, I would be very interested to hear from the community what your priorities are on this front. 
In terms of trade data, as you can imagine on a platform with the volumes of OKCoin, this is not something which can be analyzed in a meaningful way without pattern-recognition software. This is something which I am in the advanced stages of reviewing – so concerns around Insider Trading, Front Running, Spoofing/Layering etc. can be resolved in a clear and consistent manner. I think a lot of interest relates to the Market Makers on our exchange and how their trades affect volume, which may not be fully understood by the rest of our Users. As we continue to build out our trade monitoring capabilities we can provide further clarification on this and we will continue to ensure these Market Makers trade in a method consistent with our obligations to users.  
Finally with regards granting credit, we do not disclose information on any credit arrangements for commercial reasons, however I can confirm that I have oversight on USD client funds and that we do not employ a fractional-reserves system. 
@_date: 2015-02-05 18:13:20
As elsewhere in the world, in China income and capital gains are taxable. It is up to each individual to accurately report earnings. Currently there is no system like FATCA to compel companies such as ours to report this type of data, though we obviously keep full records with relation to account activity should it be required at a later date. 
@_date: 2015-02-05 16:49:15
Thanks for the question. I think generally the principles of consumer protection driving a big part of the legislation are commendable from which we will learn and improve our business. We will play an active part in consultation at which time we will make specific suggestions. At present we have some concerns around the logistics of fingerprinting, capital requirement calculations (as a provider of leveraged margin trading), and the ability to source surety providers. Perhaps of most concern is the rules around material changes to the business - as the first virtual currency exchange to have a full product range covering virtual futures, margin, P2P lending, mobile app trading, etc., with around 150 staff working around the clock to innovate in the space - our concern would be how prepared the regulator is to manage this workload and whether licensing under this authority will allow us to maintain our industry-leading innovation. Overall, our intention has always been to be licensed as required, however we will have to amend our BTC in / out business as it is currently available to NY residents should we choose to proceed. Alternatively we could choose to block NY residents from any activity on our platform in the same way that we do not offer fiat services for US citizens/residents, though this is not a decision that we would take lightly. Ultimately this will be a business decision based on the final legislation, and whether the licensing requirements can be met within the 45 day timeframe as set out in the draft.
@_date: 2015-02-05 18:09:43
We are not practicing Fractional Reserve Banking either in Fiat or digital assets. We are looking at different ways of proving our fiat and digital currency reserves on an ongoing basis by working with audit firms and with industry partners to look at suitable models including trustee and custodial relationships such as bitcoin escrow.