@_author: okexsupport
@_date: 2019-03-28 07:15:19
 Dear customer, this is OKEx Support Service. About your issue, you may have some misunderstandings with us. And we are sorry for your bad experience. We checked that your account email address hasn't been changed on our platform. If someone need change the account email address, he need to do the video verification. We got an email sent via a different email address not the link email with your account identity document and connected us to delete your account on Mar.14,2019. We asked for the reasons and according to our policy we are not able to delete the account. And if the customer send via another email address rather than account email address, we are not able to deal with it. Later we got an email to delete your account again on March.17,2019, for your account safety, we need to freeze it for some time. Finally you sent us an email with your account link email address to unfreeze your account, we did the video verification for you and unfroze your account later. Please be noted that our due diligence is to ensure a strong &amp; compliant trading platform and to better secure your assets in OKEx. Sorry for all the invonceniecne! 
@_date: 2019-04-05 05:36:39
Dear customer, Have a nice day！We sent you emails at that time when contacting with you for the offline level 2 verification as you required to remove the google auth and the email indicated that your account or withdraw will be frozen according to the safety rule.
For all the account safety operations, account owner need to send Identity documents to verify. And if the email address is not the link email but contains the account owner Identity documents, for the safety, we may freeze it for some time depending on the situation. Rather than if you provide a name, you can block others, it's impossible. And if your friend's account was hacked or if your friend has any issue, please send email to our customer service.
For the users who finished the account safety video verification, his account may be frozen for 3 days according the account situation. If someone wants to remove 2FA, he needs to do the video verification with us for the sake of account safety. And his account may be frozen for 3 days after the video verification.
Please be assured that all users' information on our platform is absolutely safe. According to our Privacy Policy, we are not allowed to disclose any user information. We will not change user's account email address without permission.