@_author: okonm
@_date: 2019-07-31 10:05:31
BTC price in USD might go up, but that doesn't mean Bitcoin will have intrinsically more value, though. Just that Dollars will have less. It doesn't necessarily mean you could afford more stuff with 1 BTC because prices would rise proportionately.
I guess what I'm saying is that only a change in consensus (some kind of fork) can affect Bitcoin's intrinsic value.
@_date: 2019-08-17 08:54:08


It only tell you about distribution of Bitcoin between all addresses, not who owns those.
@_date: 2019-08-14 17:24:05


[Layering]( is what allowed the internet to scale. You could make the rough analogy that Lightning is to Bitcoin what TCP is to IP.
@_date: 2019-08-01 00:32:11
I don't pretend to understand the details of implementation, but Bitcoin will need to scale on layers above, where privacy can be achieved without a hard fork (Bitcoin already is probably too popular to reach any majority for a hard fork anyway).
People will have to accept some form of compromise of trust in exchange for privacy and efficiency. The idea is going to be avoiding trust compromises of the kind we have with today's economy: namely not knowing *how* (or why) decisions are made past a certain degree of impact, because of a lack of transparency. Instead you want trust to be compromised early, for small amounts and for short times (and I might add for small groups of users at a given time), and have the ability to study the protocols and understand people's decisions.  
That way there is no compromise that could hurt a significant part of the users at once.
Layer one, while more costly per transactions, will remain primarily used for medium and long term storage.
@_date: 2019-08-01 00:56:31
you're agreeing
@_date: 2019-08-13 14:37:34
adresses != people
@_date: 2019-08-11 23:40:23
I agree. Only problem with using Satoshi's on exchanges would be screwing up log charts for a while.
[BTC log chart](
[Satoshi's log chart](
Now, I think this says more about the arbitrary nature of log charts than it does about Bitcoin's units.
@_date: 2019-09-02 17:37:19


The *blockchain* isn't what makes splitting bitcoins possible. All nodes participating in the network following the widely distributed 'Bitcoin protocol' tend to agree on calling "1 bitcoin" the **arbitrary** quantity of 100 million "satoshi". It is now a convention used by everyone.
1 *satoshi*, as it tends to be called, is the smallest amount of *bitcoin* that one can own. This is directly a consequence of the arbitrary values of some parameters in the source code, combined with how some early bitcoin people decided to name different quantities of the smallest base unit of value in bitcoin.
The lightning network however, is not part of Bitcoin. It is a second-layer network that lives *losely* on "top" of the Bitcoin network and, while not giving the same guarantees of security and simplicity of Bitcoin, allows to further split 1 satoshi into smaller units if one wants, but only as a temporary measure that is eventually settled by rounding to the nearest satoshi every time a channel is closed. This of course has no current use, because one satoshi today is less than $ 0.01, but it's there.  
Lightning has no coin or token, so it's not an investment, just an extension to Bitcoin that seems to work for most common day-to-day transactions. Today, because bitcoin is mainly used as an investment (store of value), lightning makes little sense, as it is mostly geared towards small day-to-day transactions.
Still, in addition to splitting 1 satoshi in smaller units, lightning currently also allows for even smaller transaction fees than Bitcoin does, has instant transaction confirmation, and much improved built-in privacy.
As to what is the advantage over traditional fiat currencies, it's not the blockchain (at least not "blockchain" on its own). It's the distributed and open (democratic) nature of Bitcoin as a network of participants that allows anyone to say *no* to any change in the rules of Bitcoin and decide to keep following historical consensus along with anyone who also disagrees.  
The blockchain would "fork" into two *forks* of Bitcoin like it sometimes does.  
The 2 groups would be unable to accept new transactions from each other because of incompatible rules but they would continue to agree on all past history of transactions before a particular block number.  
The same way, anyone can go ahead and fork Bitcoin with some different rules easily, same as any new crypto currency, except including past transaction history and therefore current distribution of bitcoin. Users would be in no rush to decide which fork they should follow, as both forks would continue to agree on any particular user's situation until he/she made a new, incompatible transaction.
Therefore, in my opinion, the main advantage of Bitcoin over traditional fiat currencies is the fact that whatever rule most people agree should or shouldn't exist, is enforced or ignored accordingly.
And Bitcoin was launched so organically and constructed in such a way that these rules that are widely supported should resist very well to market or political pressure.