@_author: okwaves
@_date: 2018-02-07 21:24:43
It's controlled by whales, get newbie investors to get scared buy high, then panicc sell while these whales buy back their coins over a controlled amount of time exactly to control more of the overall market share. If you have 600 people working together who own 40% it's only time till the own 50-60-70% of the worlds marketshare. Bitcoin is just the easiest form of insider trading for these guys, except it isn't with banks/governments talking.
@_date: 2018-02-09 05:13:42
It will for sure hit a million but not on the time table you think and certainly when it does it will look nothing like this graph it will be a wavy drop in 20-25-35-40% drop probably followed by newer all time highs. As it moves to the eventual milli/coin mark.
@_date: 2018-02-10 01:56:44
If you go on Reddit and listen to this dumbfucks and don't do any research studying graphs you shouldn't waste your time on crypto. These guys constantly say it's going to the moon and in 2 weeks someone floods the market with coins and it drops 60%. Never listen to HODLers, fucking just study. This is a big boy market stop thinking your going to get rich and develop a strategy. 
@_date: 2018-02-13 01:08:48
Dude that's not even close to what I'm saying. I'm talking about a government working on AI technology that will make bitcoin blockchain a lot more transparent  to protect their banks investment IF they ever choose to hold reserves, or go back to a gold/btc backed dollar. The US government already working on it to help make people's online identities more transparent. It's pretty easy to link people's identities to blockchain but mapping out every transaction + creating identities of these people + probability analysis of these people are still alive. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 20:27:46
It's volatility also lies in people don't understand that a good amount of bitcoin from its early adoption into dark markets can never be moved. All the coin mixing, tumbling schemes can never untaint 50,000-100,000+ so those coins can never leave initial wallets because of the heat it would bring on those individuals. Other big investors have recognized that and understand that a great majority can never be used as a P2P which actually drove up the price. Now with greater Blockchain hawk technology those early vendors will never be able to move those coins but rather use it to hedge investment in the future price of bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-02-09 05:34:48
Lol to become a 1/600th majority owner in bitcoin, and even then there buying spree will spike the price so high. That's not really their game these sad fucks like to have a decent piece of the pie. Basically they will build a target on their back, this will only eventually form bigger alliances with more whales to whales. Their going to need more and more help media manipulation + the US government to start heavily mapping out everyone, using AI to monitor every transaction to really help them if they want any breath at actually controlling a worth share. I'm predicting they need to probably use alt coins or a fuck ton more money before these guys get slaughtered out in the pig house. They'd probably use other few alt coins to piggy back of that hype and reinvest in bitcoin will they talk up the alt coins and get other investors minds off bitcoin while the buy slowly. If their end goal was to get 100k coins for a couple billion, it would start a buying frenzy. In they end they could get slaughtered either in the public view in terms of trust or other whales who dispise them. Enough enemies could make it very difficult for these guys and the public back lash would slaughter their name and traditional investors as they lied to the public while they secretly bought in. These guys are snakes it's just a lose/lose for them in the short term as they lied to the public, but most sheep while forgive them and not pull their assets from their accounts and move it else where.
@_date: 2018-02-12 22:15:04
Lol 1 more correction you are dumb as fuck. There will be 100s of corrections, every till it gets to 100k 
@_date: 2018-02-13 00:55:29
Exactly, the sad part is banks are never safe. Bitcoin can be "safe" but people are the dumbest link to any system. They will never transfer over the risk of holding bitcoin. To be honest I think that security will on exist if another Einstein walks this earth. In the short term the majority of these exchanges aren't even fit to be running. There's a handful that have the capital to keep funding their red teams working constantly mitigating every risk but you can only plug so many holes. With every update, they need to be sure they aren't introducing, new exploits. I think before the security will exist that will make banks impenetrable to manipulation they will have to rely on AI that can patrol the blockchain. Monitor every transaction, every p2p change, every buy/sell, be able to map out create profile identities on whose moving, what where and how. How every transaction is moving their money and from what knowledge I have, it's in the works but who can prefect that AI and on what time table. Who Knows.
@_date: 2018-02-13 00:25:33
lol I geeked, look at the title bud a cashless society has already been in place. So either you just found out about it or you are "waiting" for the general adaption into society and I'm saying the general public is too stupid to be there "own" bank. Therefore this post is irrelevant because it is. Trust me it would be a lot more easier to just use public media for good and educate people on how to be your own bank, how to use internet devices, how to protect yourself, how to use email properly, how to not become a target. A lot of people wouldn't. fall victim to identity theft, fraud the list goes on but it doesn't ever happen, whys that? Scammers, fraudsters, thief's like easy victims, if we taught society how to not become a low hanging fruit. That would cut out a lot of middle men and go against their interests. A cashless society in the basic principle is awesome, revolutionary. It's only attainable for a small amount of people. You can't really even have a lot of people buying bitcoin, specifically because people aren't smart enough. People are too sheepish don't think for themselves, and just don't care. 
@_date: 2018-02-12 23:12:47
You understand how ludicrous and delusional you sound by posting this? First the security hasn't caught up. Secondly the average person uses no OPSEC therefore they are an easy target for advertisers, thief's and hackers. Just think how easy these low hang fruit would be if their wasn't cash!! Please creating delusional threads about cashless societies with utopian theories is a waste of time and really just shows how little you know about cryptocurrency in general. If you care some much then start getting into the security aspect if you think cryptocurrency crimes are going to skyrocket. Everyone who posts board line propaganda on these threads about be your own bank, BTC's going to 1million!! More than likely practices 0 OPSEC, when you take bank security and replace the bank with yourself guess where the blame ends up on buddy!! No one feels sorry when you lose your BTC because you were too much of an idiot to understand every part of being your own bank. Trust me I love crypto and have loved it for a very long time but being your own bank and having a cashless society is just not practical and it just because the average person simply won't care/ doesn't have the intellect to understand all the working parts that go into being your own bank.
@_date: 2018-02-13 23:21:06
Chill, transfer USD from your bank to account buy when it clears it'll work.. 
@_date: 2018-02-09 04:56:06
Way less than 21 million, There's millions of untouched bitcoin that will never leave their initial wallets. The problem is no one really has the resources yet, (maybe gov) to track it all out and to run probability analysis on if that bitcoin will ever leave. By truly mapping out every transaction recorded but then they'd have to run it over and over, over + map out cash in/cash out/swap to alt. Then Create profile identities to these transactions, tracing the money trail tying it to a person, finding out if that person is still living, making sure that isn't a fake identity, they'd need a fuck ton of money + nation state resources/man power + transaction data+ next level ai, to all cooperate to map everything.
@_date: 2018-02-08 19:55:45
Lol if you think for a second it's gonna be a million by 2020 you are high as balls. Even if it gets to 1 million I guarantee your graph is far off it will be a lot more wavy. If it even gets to a 100k there will be a massive sell off. I'm long bitcoin an all but 2020 is not a magical number, it's a 2040 game not a 2020 remember that. Investors have been wrong before. Remember their are future Trillionares in this game don't think for a second their aren't contradicting graphs and if they feel the need to sell because they have enough pull they will. Especially if they were gonna buy futures shorting bitcoin and selling off 50,000 coins at the same time if it hits 100,000. Remember whales are lions who feed on sheep who also like volatility. Sheep don't like volatility, so they move in a pack. Flooding the market, creating panick and buying back over a controlled period, could increase their marketshare.
@_date: 2018-02-09 05:52:42
Yea the wild cards I think the problem is we're set up for another full blown recession by 2020. It's been past 10 year mark, all the signals are trending toward something coming. Bad for US and majority but good for BTC because that large capital investment money will need a place to be parked and it could be moving into smart money like crypto or land/bonds/real estate/buying competitors/bankruptcy. The most attractive being crypto. Except if your Mr. Buffet probably going to be buying out companies moving farther into real estate companies bigger market share on brokerage flexing to leverage the inevitable transition in real estate contracts with block chain and the overall transaction. He's going to be a bigger player in negotiating that transition while he weeds out the smaller brokers who can't compete.
@_date: 2018-02-08 19:35:08
Seriously lol you should probably get your job back man. Fuck your taxes. 
@_date: 2018-02-13 14:28:45
Have you read his white paper?
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:38:50
Ok this is idiotic on so many levels. First if whales of Bitcoin aren't selling, wtf cares if 10 people are exiting for every 1 person entering. Those 10 people who are exiting don't have enough of the market share, so wtf cares. These whales can work together to swing price just in their hot storage and not have to touch true reserves. Manipulating currencies just off hot storage and ripping shirts off the back of Wall Street/ the average joe by buying back cheaper and collectively pushing their overall market share higher. Kind of sounds like what banks do today, but that's not a fixed market cap, so bonds interest rates are factored into what currency is attractive. With high frequency trading their own and their neighbors currencies. The problem is traditional banks want a discount or decent part of the market share to fully step in to the water. They are learning nobody cares if you have billions to spend your paying the full market price. Of course it's going to keep fluctuating but that's based on whales manipulating a 35/45% swing while they buy back in a weeks/months time.
@_date: 2018-02-13 20:19:34
Diversification is for idiots.
@_date: 2018-02-09 05:05:57
Overly diversifying your assets actually leads you less in returns/benefits. Now in crypto another story but if you think diversify, diversify you can't absorb as much in returns. I know your taught to diversify, diversify from an early age but diversifying too much is actually a common mistake. Your spreading your capital too thin into everything, isn't the way to go. However cuz  cryptos in an infancy-preteen state based on the coin, do what you want but in traditional investing especially if you are a beginner, it can kill your portfolio. Now maybe you only feel comfortable with what you do but yea diversification is still for idiots.
@_date: 2018-02-07 21:13:28
Lol I'm geeking, you obviously have no experience with incorporating payment solutions in web development. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:51:34
Diversification is for idiots!