@_author: okymyo
@_date: 2018-01-31 02:24:14
We're getting rid of banks to replace them with a "trust us we have full reserves", but this time from an even shadier source?
@_date: 2018-01-08 17:16:45
Then Bitcoin is no longer decentralized if miners, who are pretty much centralized (mostly in China), are the ones deciding the fate of the network.
Especially considering it only costs $933m to have over 50% of the hashrate. I'm sure banks can come up with that money if that means taking down bitcoin.
And this is assuming they could only buy for the price I find on Amazon... And that they wouldn't invest in building their own miners for less (or in buying a company that already does).
@_date: 2018-01-08 17:01:21
2MB would be 100GB/year, that's... quite low. Spend $45 on a 1TB HDD and you're good for the next 10 years. Hardly an impediment. Electricity costs will certainly be more than $4.5/year, probably way more.
@_date: 2018-01-08 16:59:43


Roughly 1TB/year, which would mean roughly $45/year at current 1TB HDD prices. Around $25/year if buying in 4TB rather than 1TB.
I wouldn't mind paying $25/year if that meant I wouldn't have to pay $25/transaction for it to confirm within 10 minutes. Fee-less transactions for $25/year, I'm all for it.
And if you can't afford $25/year, no worries, you don't have to run a full node, but if you still want to, you can get together with 9 buddies and run one for $2.5/year each. One full node per 10 users is still massively decentralized.
@_date: 2017-12-30 21:12:28
Then, by the same logic, if an exchange takes your funds it's okay, because you could've withdrawn them? Or if they liquidate them all for whatever coin (or fiat) they want?
@_date: 2017-12-31 12:14:22
Then, following that reasoning, whenever any coin hard forks, even if the fork has 100% community/miner/node support, the exchange is still entitled to all your funds since you deposited coins from the old chain, not the new one, right?
@_date: 2016-03-05 22:29:33


You mentioned "going into your house". That'd be invalid since it wasn't your house, it was my private property and I could just kick you out for annoying me. If it was a public space that got painted in an awful color, or had an awful drawing, I'd complain and try and get it changed. A house is centralized, and is owned by someone.
Even if we were to ignore the notions of it being private property, if you bought a house, would you just sell it if you didn't like the wall colors anymore, or would you grab a bucket of paint?
The "if you don't like it get out" argument is ridiculous. I live in my country (like owns bitcoin), and I can move abroad if I wish to do so (just like he can sell his bitcoin). However, if the people in charge start passing laws I disagree with, I don't just give up everything and move abroad (sell my coins). I stay, and try and make things better. I should only have to move abroad as a last move, not as a first. I shouldn't have to abandon everything just because I have problems with some parts of it.
The way to move forward is to accept complaints and let them be spoken about, not to tell anyone who has complaints to sell their bitcoin and leave.
Discussion is the way forward: not silence, not monologue, not an echo chamber. Improvements can only come if people are able to suggest those improvements.
Telling people to get out if they don't like it breaks two main points in your OP:


Developers can write what they want, but what good is it if when they try and suggest change they're told to just leave the community rather than try and help it? If their software is never used, if their contributions are completely neglected and ignored, because they're told to leave, what good is it?


Can users really discuss if when they do so they're told to leave? You yourself just said that is free to leave simply because he has some problems with bitcoin, things he thinks should be improved upon. Rather than trying to improve those things, or show why they're not feasible, you just told him to leave. Is that really allowing for free discussion?
The fact that you straight up told him to leave rather than trying to figure out the problems he has, or discussing them, shows that you're not arguing in an effort to improve bitcoin, or to hear what others have to say, but rather to either silence opposition or to try and confirm your own preconceived notions about bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-03-05 23:41:46


From logic. If your government attempts to pass a law you dislike, do you just go "oh well, my life in this country had a good run, time to move abroad and drop everything I've been doing here for the past X years"? You are telling people to leave rather than try and improve bitcoin and solve or talk about the issues they see with it. How is that a good thing? Seriously? Explain that to me, really do, how is it better to tell people to shut up and leave rather than hearing the problems they have with bitcoin?


Are you really that dense? You made a topic asking people to talk about their issues with bitcoin, and when people do it, you tell them to leave. How are you able to talk about how the community allows you to speak out when you, yourself, make a topic about the issues people have with bitcoin and all you do in it, rather than caring about they have to say, is telling them to leave bitcoin?


Where you tell people to shut up and leave if they have any complaints? How is that a discussion?
"Hi, thanks for your opinion, but go away and I don't wanna hear it, this is my bitsafe-space."


Don't act like you haven't. It's like saying "I'd hate to have to shoot you". Oh, no, it wasn't a threat, I was just, you know, talking about how I'd hate to do it! You clearly said it with the intent of telling people to leave if they disagree with you.


And how are people supposed to hear about the new code if everyone else is trying to suppress them, keep them from talking and showing the changes they've made?


Not something I'd stand behind but seeing as you love straw so much here have [this picture](


I guess we should just all start using implied meaning since we can then talk about how we totally didn't say what we said.


And I did, but I wish I didn't have to. I wish I could've just helped improve the coin or at least had had my voice heard rather than being repeatedly told to shut up and go away by people like you.


People like you are the ones that stop progress. I can only imagine you in the US in the 1950s: "well, if you black people want rights, maybe you should start your own country!"
@_date: 2019-03-02 05:09:08
You can't set vote counts...
@_date: 2019-01-12 16:44:34


The reason it doesn't seem true is that you're comparing systems themselves rather than comparing their scalability.
Systems will have the same scalability whether latency between their nodes is 1ns, 1ms, or 10 seconds. Scalability is not a measure of their throughput or latency, it's a measure of how their throughput or latency changes as another factor, generally the number of nodes or the number of inputs, changes.
Yes, a system with less latency between its nodes will invariably have better throughput compared to the exact same system but with higher latency, but their scalability will be exactly the same.








Most often, yes. Not necessarily (e.g. if individual nodes aren't a bottleneck, for example in a system with significant sharding), but yes, most often, that's correct.
That's also correct when it comes to centralized networks, though. Create a Cassandra cluster where one of the nodes is 10x more powerful than any of the others and your throughput doesn't change. It will change if you enable some form of load balancing, but that's because it was built into the protocol, the same way sharding can be built into other protocols.
In the case of Bitcoin and most blockchains, it doesn't change precisely because that was the goal. It's not a consequence of decentralization, it was a design decision. Increasing the resources of my node doesn't change consensus time on the network, precisely because it was decided that the consensus will always take on average 10 minutes on each round.
@_date: 2019-01-12 15:35:34
Then why present it as "throughout history, all serious scaling was always done by technological enhancements" when it's not true?
Also, decentralized services benefit more from horizontal scaling than centralized ones... The fact that they can scale horizontally is what makes them decentralized, otherwise you'd never be able to achieve decentralization as further nodes would just degrade performance. Bitcoin scales horizontally sublinearly, while most typical (traditional/classic) BFT systems scale horizontally superlinearly, often quadratically.
NOTE: When I say Bitcoin scales sublinearly, it's in term of time until consensus, where scaling sublinearly is better than linearly, or even superlinearly.
@_date: 2019-01-12 15:31:54
That has nothing to do with the statement that throughout history the only meaningful scaling was through technological enhancements...
Not to mention that decentralized systems operate have been scaling horizontally for years, too. Adding another node, or more often, adding a bunch more nodes, is horizontal scaling.
Also... "it's very easy to achieve consensus in a company no matter how you scale it", no, no it isn't. If it were easy to scale horizontally then every single company out there would just do it. Horizontal scalability is HARD. More often than not, you hit peak performance at just a few nodes, sometimes at just a single node, and it's very rare (other than in easily-scalable scenarios like transcoding, rendering, etc, where work is 100% independent) for linear scalability to exist.
Look at any decentralized database out there, and see how hard scaling is, and how careful you need to be.
@_date: 2019-01-12 15:59:31
And I never claimed they didn't. User I was replying to, however, practically claimed that horizontal (or vertical) scalability never had any significant results and it was always technological enhancements, which is blatantly wrong.
@_date: 2019-01-12 14:39:11
Except for all major companies that scale horizontally...
You wouldn't tell Google to not buy more than one server and to just be more efficient instead.
@_date: 2018-04-13 11:08:43
Cali isn't homogeneous, and state-wide policies can have a positive effect in some areas but negative effects in others.
But tbh I barely heard about this and I'm from Cali, even on local news. So... It's probably nothing.
@_date: 2017-06-12 10:32:37
But that's a difference in supply.
The number of coins itself doesn't influence anything, if everything else scales accordingly. $1000 in $100 bills and in $10 bills are still $1000 each. The amount of bills you get doesn't change anything if their value scales accordingly.
If rewards were 10x higher and everyone had 10x more bitcoins, everything would be the same, with price being 1/10th to match the differences in amounts.
@_date: 2017-06-12 01:21:36


The number of coins doesn't matter though. Bitcoin could have 10x more coins and it'd be exactly the same, except price would be 1/10th (since there are 10x more coins). 0.1 bitcoin being what's called a "bitcoin" doesn't change the amount that is being created, only the unit.
It's just a number after all.