@_author: olasmarteen
@_date: 2017-12-15 15:43:53
Thank you for providing the type of discourse I was hoping for. And don't apologize, sometimes it's helpful to have others say things in their own words to help get a point across. 
Edit. I also like your last sentence. I'm not fully libertarian, but it closest describes my ideology. I have a best friend who'd say the same about himself in relation to socialism. We always get in huge arguments over public policy, politics, etc - but by the end we both realize we're arguing for essentially the same things. Same destination, different journey, I guess? Not sure I exactly articulated this how I wanted, but hopefully it made some sense. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 14:48:22
Lol, ok. I think you're confused about how this works, especially when on reddit. I wouldnt go through that level of work if I were peer reviewing, because it's not required - so wtf would I do it on reddit? Submit anything to go through the peer review process. Your findings will get chewed up and spit out, and they won't source any of it. They'll just tell you it's wrong, dribble, your sources suck, and doesn't deserve to be published in an academic journal (paraphrased). 
Edit: you're also confused about the meaning of the word "claims." OP made a claim about the origins of libertarianism. His claim goes against something that has reached consensus in academia. I pointed out the fallacy in his claim, but didn't make any claims myself. This, in a nutshell, is how peer-review works
@_date: 2017-12-15 14:20:36
Because as an academic, I'm aware that the burden of proof lies on the person making the claim, which means I can criticize the source without having to provide any. The information is also readily available, and has achieved consensus amongst historians, which means my critique of his claim does not require a source. His argument relies on the kind made by people like Noam Chomsky. Chomsky makes a valid argument, but his argument is still theoretical, and based on his (highly contested) interpretation of both ideologies. His source doesn't "prove," that libertarianism sprung from socialism. It shows that libertarian socialism was birthed out of the two ideologies. This is the general consensus amongst historians. An overwhelming majority would agree that libertarianism, and socialism, have separate historical origins, even if the two can be compatible, and have even been merged into a separate ideology. It still doesn't change the historical origins of libertarianism and socialism. In fact, it'd be far easier to make an argument that classical liberalism was the biggest influence, and origin, of both libertarianism and socialism. Libertarianism as an ideology actually arises over a full century before socialism, as an ideology, or before Marx and Engels write the manifesto. But I could definitely point to some key people that influenced both ideologies (Jefferson, Paine, even Locke to an extent). 
As far as bitcoin/cryptocurrency/blockchain, and where it fits? You can honestly make a great case for both. It's often touted, and rightfully so, as a libertarian project. But you can just as easily display the inherent socialist qualities, and why it would appeal to socialists as well, particularly when focusing on the egalitarian nature of both. I actually ran a lecture on this, but it edible easy to link btc to socialism. I'm hoping to improve that lecture for future classes, and may even throw in libertarian connections if I can get away with it. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 13:38:40
As an historian, and someone who just finished a socialism in America thesis:  no. Libertarianism was never a socialist concept. In fact, the two ideas are at odds with each other nearly every step of the way. Libertarianism's historical roots can be found in Classical Liberalism, not to be confused with today's meaning of liberal.  And libertarian socialism is something else entirely, so that's a poor argument and a useless wiki link. The two can be compatible, but the do not stem from one another historically. At best, you can claim libertarianism is an ideology that sprung from the left. But the left isn't inherently socialist, and neither is libertarianism. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 13:48:01
The fact that you keep posting the libertarian socialism wiki shows you have no idea what you're talking about. Yes, I'm very well read on rand, and I understand very well the modern ideology of libertarianism, which is often considered right wing in a sense. My point is, libertarianism does not have its roots in socialism. It just doesn't. There's no historical fact there. At BEST, you could point to the influence of groups like the Jewish Anarchists (or earlier anarchist groups) as having influenced both ideologies. But there's no easier way to tell you, no, socialism did not breed libertarianism 
@_date: 2017-12-15 14:44:41
It's currently in the peer review process. It should be published within the next couple months, so if you have access to academic databases that have scholarly history journals, like Jstor, etc, let me know and I'll PM you a link, or doi, to it once it's available. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 14:28:40
I don't disagree with this. I don't even like trump, but my critique of the modern-day left has gotten me called "nazi," "bigot," "kkk/white supremacist," etc. kind of ironic since I'm not fully white, and Jewish. The real irony is that the persecution of my views, which are not founded in bigotry, or racism, or any label the left gives its opponents, it's very similar to the kind of persecution the left seems to be so against. It pushed many people who hated trump to vote for him, for better or worse. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 15:30:22
Absolutely. Read through my string of comments. I've basically been repeating this. They may both share some influences, borrow from similar earlier ideologies, etc. But my main point was simply pointing out that Op stated that libertarianism has its origins in socialism, which isn't true. I don't understand the maelstrom of bashing - this is well known, and easily accessible information. Just because it's easy to link the ideological origins of the two, does not mean that socialism served as the foundation and roots for libertarianism, or vice versa. At best, you can say they both share similar origins. But socialism did not beget libertarianism
@_date: 2017-12-16 10:35:18
Exactly, well said! Essentially, the ideological origins of libertarianism can be found in the English Revolution, particularly following its culmination w/ the English Bill of Rights, and the documents &amp; literature that were circulating at this time. Socialism also has its ideological origins in revolution, but it was the French Rev, roughly a century later. 
@_date: 2017-12-16 10:08:52
I do just fine. In fact, I got a number of people here passionately interested, discussing, debating , looking for sources, etc, which is my biggest goal in the classroom. I'm just starting out, but I've already been published a few times, gained more teaching, as well as research, opportunities, and absolutely love everything about it--so I definitely am not changing career paths. Plus being in academia has afforded me the opportunity to work in public policy, as well, so I get to work on my dream of changing our draconian drug laws. 
Don't be a dick, btw. I would never tell you that you suck at your profession, or anything you enjoy, and to quit. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 14:23:07
But yes. He is one of the most interesting, and most misunderstood, men in American history. I love how often he's quoted by the right, even though he practically died a hated man for his views, which would today be classified as socialism. The people who hate socialism the most seem to be paines biggest fanboys. 
@_date: 2017-12-16 10:18:35
I don't understand why it's funny? I worked really hard to get to where I am in academia, get published, etc. History is my interest, background, and profession, so I add my perspective when I see something of interest on reddit. I thought that was kind of the point of this place, but so far... 
@_date: 2017-12-15 15:08:43
View my history, man. I'm currently finishing a second degree through the institution I teach at. No, I'm not a tenured professor, or even an assistant professor, yet, but I never claimed to be. I said I was in academia, that I had been working on a thesis, that I've been on both ends of the peer-review process, that I am teaching at said school, and thereby an historian. None of my earlier posts anywhere would contradict this. I don't get the animosity. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 14:55:10
I don't love him, but I don't hate him nearly as much as the left. I hate to throw around buzzwords, but both sides really are sheep at this point. I'll continue to support trump, while being extremely critical. I still think we dodged a bullet. As bad as he is, anyone with a deep understanding of the clintons would know why we needed to make sure she didn't end up in office, but I'm honestly too tired to ever get into that argument again. I'm just hoping 2020 brings us something better. Doubtful though 
@_date: 2017-12-15 13:58:02
Because libertarian socialism is not libertarianism. Yes, you are correct, libertarian socialism is an ideology which is birthed from both socialism and libertarianism. The problem is that you claimed "libertarianism," not "libertarian socialism," stemmed from socialism. Libertarianism came before libertarian socialism, and libertarianism did not stem from socialism. I don't know how else to ELI5 this. I think you're at least correct in acknowledging that the two ideologies can be compatible, and even merge into a new ideology (libertarian socialism) - but your initial point is wrong, and no matter how many times you post an article about libertarian-socialism, you're still wrong to try and say that Libertarianism has its roots in socialism. You could probably make a decent case based on Paine's Agrarian Justice, because he outlines a sort of libertarian-socialism (before any of these ideologies exist), but just looking at the history of the origins of both... just... no. Socialism did not spur libertarianism. That's just bad revisionism. 
@_date: 2017-12-16 10:24:39
Some dude backs up what I've said, and provides sources (something I refused to do, and explained why). Must be my alt profile rather than facts that can be corroborated, right? Some people's kids, man. 
@_date: 2017-12-16 10:47:29
Thank you for knowing how to properly respond with an opposing viewpoint! Everyone else should take notes. 
To respond, I don't think you're wrong, but I think we'd be arguing two different things here should I engage. It's really early and I'm getting ready for work, so you can correct me if I misread/misinterpreted, as I'd love to have a rational conversation with somebody who knows how to debate w/out ad hominem reliance ---  but I'm simply talking about the ideological origins of both political philosophies (and I think a lot of the problem in this whole thread is everyone conflating libertarianism, with right or American lib, with Lib Socialism, etc), which, in both cases, is before the influence of Proudhon. Though the terms hadn't existed yet, socialism's origins can be traced back to the French Revolution, particularly in Paine's writings, while libertarianism can be traced back to the English Revolution &amp; eng B.o.R (though some would tell you as far back as Cicero, or even Lao tzu- I feel that's far too abstract a connection, though). 
@_date: 2017-12-15 15:01:49
If people can figure out reddit, they can figure out googling "origins or libertarianism," and "origins of socialism," and drawing their own conclusions, instead of just taking me, or OP, at face value. The point is, the timeline is pretty clear, making it impossible for libertarianism (NOT libertarian socialism) to have stemmed from socialism. However, you could find some similar influential people/ideologies in both socialism and libertarianism (Paine, Jefferson). So at best, somebody could say that both ideologies stemmed from some of the same people, but there's no way to point towards socialism as the influence/origin of libertarianism, no matter how well somebody can tie the two ideologies together today. It's just not how it happened. Are their connections between the two today? Yes. Did libertarianism come as a direct result of socialism? Absolutely not. It's be easier to argue the other way around (though I wouldn't. I think both ideologies have separate origins, even if they share some influences). 
@_date: 2017-12-15 14:12:48
Your link, which I've addressed three times now I believe, pretty much proves definitively what I'm saying. And you're right, it details the history and origins of libertarian socialism quite nicely, even if some of the sources wouldn't exactly hold up in any academic setting. 