@_author: oldbloodbath
@_date: 2014-02-01 02:11:05
Yes, I think legitimacy is absolutely a real thing something can have.
People who try to claim everything is subjective are simply admitting intellectual defeat.
A state or nation is not a legitimate, standalone thing. No more than a gang, or a posse, or as I said before, a forest. These are terms for a multiple of something. That is it. Like a gaggle of geese. They are not things that could exist as their own entity. They rely on their individual components.
@_date: 2014-02-01 09:05:44
You're over-complicating something simple.
Legitimacy is a quality of something that can be objectively defined to the best of our perception. It's applying a formula or criteria to something, and having it meet the requirements of that definition.
Which is possibly the entire purpose of language: to express and define human observation.
Water has a specific definition. It's easy to determine what is legitimately water and what isn't. Or mammal. These are terms that can only be applied to an object that meets its criteria.
A nation or country is not. It's a cryptic definition. Going back to another example I used, the word 'forest', for instance. How many trees does it take to make a forest?
How many people are required to constitute the existence of a state or country? Could I be a country by myself? What if I'm on a really big piece of land, and I'm the only one here? Is a state defined by geographic size? Population? Shared culture? Language? Government? How much government? What is the amount of government needed before a government no longer constitutes a state? But companies aren't states, and they're organized by systems of governance, with chains of command and methods of funding! What is the difference?
Do you get what I mean? It's arbitrary. It's a word that hasn't ever been defined by a formula, so it is therefore illegitimate.
* Edited a sentence to make my point more concise.
@_date: 2014-01-31 08:40:36
Your arrogance won't get you anywhere. I understand your argument quite well, but the problem is, your analogies are quite irrelevant. You can use human physiology as a metaphor all you like, it doesn't change the fact that it has nothing in common with the functions of a nation. It's a horrible comparison.
For somebody talking about complex systems and supervenience, you fail to even acknowledge the fact that, while yes, a nation is "a large thing" (a thing only in concept) made up of many smaller, functioning things, that is, just like said, nothing but a characteristic of a basic system and does not legitimize the larger body no more than a forest is anything but a name for the grouping of countless trees.
The bottom line is, you're trying really hard to sound smart, and you don't. You need to stop seeing a country as its own entity, and start realizing that, JUST like the human body (to borrow from your own meaningless analogy), the functions of the whole are ridiculously dependent on even the smallest operations of its individual cells. Like you, for instance. An individual cell. A virus here, poisoning an otherwise healthy subsystem of cells.
You're pretentious, and you don't know what you're talking about.