@_author: oldbitcoiner
@_date: 2013-11-08 17:19:24
I'm 42, M.  "Some college."
I've been a computer geek all my adult life.  I sold my website and did well with the resulting stock/options.  As a result, I have about $1M in assets - not ultra rich, but comfortable for sure.  I guess this is pretty typical of bitcoin investors to a greater or lesser extent.
I own the house I live in and another rental property.  I own a couple shares of BRK.A.  I bought ~150 HTC @ 95.  I want to sink another $100K into BTC when/if the price drops.
I heard about satoshi's paper way back in the day (probably via slashdot which should give a time frame).  I was excited and interested in it at the time, but figured "give it a few years and see."  I got interested in it and bought in after hearing about the ~250 spike.
I'm a true believer.  To the moon!  Bitcoin is all I can talk about (case in point).  My wife is sick of it (she'll be thanking me later).  I want to store some but not all of my savings in BTC (diversify!)  I'm also happy to spend them - I've donated small amounts to tpb, xkcd, wikileaks.  I bought a bitcoin t-shirt and a domain registration.  I gave .1 BTC to a friend and I plan on handing out paper wallets loaded with small amounts to my friends/family who are interested over the holidays this year.
As a geek, I'm pretty good with security.  My main wallet is bitcoin-QT running on my well-secured linux laptop (encrypted home directory + encrypted wallet with a nice long password).  I back it up to google drive (protected by 2FA).  I have another wallet on my phone with ~.5 BTC.  
I'm getting more interested in paper wallets as I look to increase my investment and as the value goes up: I host my own server in a secure data center:  The place is like ft. knox but it also permits authorized (me) access 24/7.  I have a home safe.  I plan to print two copies of my paper wallet.  Then I'll put one copy in the safe and one copy inside the server at the datacenter (how ironic - cold storage at a hosting center).  The paper wallet will fit easily and discretely inside my 1U system.  The weak link would be the home safe.
I have one foot in the tinfoil hat brigade, but really just as a thought experiment.  I take security seriously, use 2FA wherever possible.  I use bitstamp now after the typical bad experience with mtgox.  I never leave bitcoins on any exchange or third party site for more than the time needed to buy/sell them.
I have no immediate problem with the fed or the feds although I don't like everything they do and like the idea of "opting out."  I just treat them as part of the landscape.  More inflation is coming (serious talk now within the fed about mega-inflation being the - some would say only - solution to our financial problems).  I'm trying to plan for it, keeping my $ holdings to a minimum.  I'm thinking about taking out a loan to buy a car (Tesla! - I currently drive a 10+ year old subaru) to capitalize on inflation; Although I could pay in cash, a loan will give me another way to "profit" from inflation - I get the car, they get my less valuable $ next year.  Shorting dollars.
I'm not planning for the "nsa attack" and I'm not trying to evade taxes.  I'm tracking my cost basis (and profits!) carefully and will pay taxes proudly when/if I realize gains.   I expect those will wind up being very significant long term gains.  I'm not selling BTC, just accumulating more.  If they did decide to seize my shit, they would probably (though with some effort or perhaps not at all) get the bitcoin.  It is nice to know I could transfer everything to the phone or a new paper wallet and disappear.  My dad said you should "always keep your papers in order" (i.e. have a valid passport, etc.) and be able to leave town within 24 hours.
Posting from a throwaway to avoid being the target of whale-phishing, marketing, hacking or whatever.
