@_author: olddoge
@_date: 2016-06-18 13:04:10
If all users are forced to update then it's a hardfork.
@_date: 2016-06-18 14:54:36
Yeah there might be a way you could rig it up, although I suspect you're leaving a lot of potential room for critical bugs here, this is sloppy business having people update their clients to reject transactions from an address. You're going to have a lot of people left over with buggy wallets, there's a reason people hate making users update. What I'm saying is though , the miners shouldn't agree to it in the first place. They should be incentivized to not agree with it. If the attacker has any sense he should be already drafting offers of this nature, and I hope he is. 
@_date: 2016-09-17 06:59:52
This has been going on for a long time, it's not a threat and it's not that complicated. For political reasons certain actors are keeping the blocks completely full of minimum cost transactions. In order to make a transaction reliably you now have to pay more than the minimum, but any modern wallet will adjust that for you, it won't cost you much. So why does anyone want to pump the network full of at capacity blocks, and doesn't that cost them bitcoin? Yes, some bitcoin, but not as much as you might think. Running a botnet also costs money... it's basically an attack. - they're doing it to put pressure on the block size argument, but understand that if you doubled the block size ... you could still fill up the network with the same transactions, just twice as many of them. So why does anyone want to push the block size argument politically if they're not actually worried about a throughput problem in the network? Because of the great firewall of China. It's difficult to quickly get 2 MB of data inside China, it would hurt the Chinese miners. 
@_date: 2016-09-18 06:45:15
You make a good point, but it doesn't really change what I was saying. 
@_date: 2016-09-22 22:51:21
Neither? I really don't think it matters either way, hahaha. I was just proffering explanations for the behaviors of the system.
@_date: 2016-09-21 08:46:09
No you're missing the point. It's an attack in the sense that downloading more data is a problem for some actors. It's not an attack resulting in longer wait times, it does result in higher fees, but very modestly... any intelligent wallet would get around this without you noticing. That's how wallets are designed these days. This isn't a problem for your regular case, bitcoin user (and if it is, that's a client side problem, not having a modern wallet) It's still important to realize what is going on so you don't end up with a bunch of ignorant group think about how the sky is falling cause the blocks are full. The blocks will always be full if it's profitable for someone with the means to make them full.
@_date: 2016-09-21 22:01:01


@_date: 2016-09-18 06:56:15
It's no ones business what transactions are 'spam' or not spam so long as they pay for their transactions. But if you want to know how to verify that what I describe is going on, look for transactions that pass the same bitcoin back and fourth a thousand times, for instance. These things have been seen to happen, it's not some conspiracy theory. The end game of the attack is that you're forcing miners to download more data to keep up. There are reasons why someone could be motivated to want that, increasing decentralizing maybe ... or putting competition at a disadvantage. I'm not here to guess at someone's intentions. Bloating the blockchain is just an easy thing you can do if you have the bitcoin and the desire to do it, and someone is doing it. It's not a threat to the ecosystem, that's my point.