@_author: old-man-millenial-
@_date: 2018-01-18 00:55:46
That is usually true, but even then, I'm not sure it applies here. We're dealing with a brand new technology that the world hasn't completely grasped yet. Blockchain has huge potential, but we're still looking for ways to apply it to real world scenarios (that part is already being done). We're still in uncharted waters here. 
It's not a stock because it isn't equity in anything. It's a "currency." But, like traditional currency, it isn't backed by any government or agency. Bitcoin holds value because those of us that own it say it does. It is backed by nothing but a block of code, and people willing to put money into it. 
Right now it's all speculative. No one really knows what a BTC should actually cost right now, and the correction we're experiencing, while drastic, is healthy. Super inflated prices for sometrhing people don't really use as a currency (and why would you...why pay for a pizza with btc when the price could be drastically different tomorrow? By tomorrow, the ~$15 you spent in BTC on that pizza could be worth $30, or $100, or $.01. It's far too volitle to become a feasible currency at this point. 
On top of that, the system needs to be scaled and improved by a lot. Why when I purchase BTC, I don't receive it for like 8 full days? That part is crazy. 
Right now, it's all speculation. Even if someone finds an amazing use for the blockchain and makes billions from it, there's no guarantee that whatever crypto it's tied to will be worth anything or used for anything. 
Right now it's a casino, more or less. And there are a lot of suckers out there who think it's an easy way to get rich. A lot of people did get lucky, but if you buy at 10k, you're not going to get rich unless you bought a LOT, and the prices skyrockets. The ones who got in early are the ones who got rich, which is why people are pouring money into all of these random alt coins that I assume will disappear in the next few years. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 01:39:42
Fucking SERIOUSLY. It's one thing to talk about it in general, but talking about your specific investments? Not just a douche move by society's standards, but a stupid move because you never know who is listening--and might have the ability to take advantage of said knowledge. There are many ways to get robbed, and having a big mouth is one of them.
Stupid. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 01:36:08
I have a CFA friend who asks me about it from time to time, because his opinion is that of the articles he reads about it being a "bubble" and equivalent of Tulip Mania. 
I have to tell him every time, that he can't think of it like a stock. Or a traditional currency, for that matter. He just doesn't get it, and I think a good portion of new investors are in the same boat. Likely the same ones that just learned about Robinhood!