@_author: oldskoolbacklane
@_date: 2018-01-02 07:54:36
It's always been volatile mate and I say that as someone who whilst wasnt in on day or even year one I've woken to find at worst 75% crashes and many 20-30% swings in opposite directions. Not being condescending but the whole 'hodle and wait' and things will be great meme is seemingly just some new hipster fuck boi catchphrase that is as tiresome as it is misleading. Delve back into threads from '14 to early '17 to further expand your knowledge. The 'hodl' meme of today has the potential to be the datestamp of where it all went wrong imo . Whilst theirs an obvious cost to produce the product it's entirely different to a traditional commodity that has an ineradicable value to it such as mined platinum, btc was designed to be used as a form of financial transaction and is the very thing which has got it where it is today. Remove that which is what the 'hodl' meme suggests to do and it's near worthless for its pointless. Dont forget for a minute its largely if not almost totally been the darknet markets that have kept btc alive and thriving. Ignoring the fact its now basically redundant to that very financial sector would be the utmost naive and irresponsible thing to do right now. You want your friends to make a few bucks on something that could be considered of reasonable speculative value? One which the 'hodl' meme can actually be applied to with a much larger realistic and genuine chance of prosperity vs possible small losses? Without the legions of new users that have bought in at the totally wrong time as we've seen with bitcoin the last month? Buy a few monero, lock it away and come back in 12 months ;)
@_date: 2018-01-01 02:53:22
Ignore the 'enlightened' superior haters that refer to gambling as 'investing', for if that's what soothes their soul then so be it. Crypto currency is a crapshoot if ever there's been one, lets not forget there's no commodities at stake here. All these hodlers and their never ending supply of memes will be singing a different tune one day soon. As you say, 'you see it as money', when they wake up and realize that fact it will be when btc has crashed and burned and their 'hoddling' will have been the very thing that killed it. Throw enough darts bro and eventually one will stick.
@_date: 2018-02-04 06:06:31
Im pretty sure both of these programs work with dat files otherwise google ones that do or last option download the blockchain, its 100gig plus though so definitely the last option. I
nstall electrum or multibit and open your .dat file using either program. That will show you whats in the wallet.
If it's password protected which im presuming it is you'll then have to hammer  away trying to recall it.
If you've got no idea then I suggest maybe a hypnotists visit is your only hope. If though for example your password was a chain of  five words ie.  mylongpasswordisgreat and you can defiently recall two or three of them then there is hope. 
There used to be a reputable service available that would take a certain % of the bitcoin as payment if successful. Walletrecovery or something like that was its name, if I recall correctly. Might be worth a Google mate. Goodluck
@_date: 2018-02-01 13:28:50
Holy hell this whole thing reeks to high hell. The first alarm bell rung upon learning of this intended service offerings. The second bell upon learning that the operator was just schooled by another user in regards to what will be most likely deposit reversals by a particular bank they intend to accept deposits from. The OP reply shows a total lack of understanding what the member indicated. 
The bot Twitter followers stink and then there's the basic grammar and spelling mistakes, made by someone who's second language is English but whos first is clearly not Dutch. From experience, Id hazard a guess new born local residents are taught both languages from day dot thanks to their near flawless grasp of English.
To top it all off, there's the simply idiotic idea that transactions will be possible with cash transfer via the international mail system! If that doesn't open up a whole can of potential nightmare scenarios and scam options for not just the receiver but also for the company then my opinion that this is a former or current rookie 'Ponzi' website operator that's looking to expand operations via a hugely risky operation then I give up. 
The fact the below copy pasta from post.nl hasn't been mentioned only further adds to the stench of what the real intention is....
Certain deliveries require you to obtain official permission from the authorities of the country of destination. For instance in the case of valuable items such as money, precious stones, coins and collectable documents.
 From the outside looking in things will run like clockwork and trouble free initially thanks to shill and operator opened accounts creating fake transactions and trade history by moving their personally owned coins between wallets. A few genuine customers will be lured in and repaid with a trouble free transaction. A bit of noise will be created via the shills and happy, but in fact, merely purely lucky genuine customers. Business picks up, delays begin, excuses and promises will be given to buy time and then 3-4 weeks later its "lights out" and the fall off the face of this earth. Honestly, just thank me later when any donations will be greatly accepted for me sharing with you the knowledge of how this will play out near exact to my word.
Local bitcoin has proven itself to be one of a very few operations that has operated relativity trouble free since day dot in the crypto space. Just for the sake of taking a different approach, the risks involved by using this 'questionable' service to avoid what are near irrelevant issues to 99% of users is nothing but sheer stupidity im afraid to say. Good luck with it is all ive got left to say on this subject.
@_date: 2018-02-01 14:02:59
Fuck shit happens. So the bitcoin casino didn't go so well eh? You can take your losses and head home or, you could recall that you would've been well aware of the risk that upon entering the online bitcoin casino that you effectively went all in on something that could have potentially been worth fuck all of nothing by the time it simply hit your wallet. Why not go balls to the wall? Pay a weeks rent, find a bricks and mortar casino and go all the fuck in just like you did on bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-02-04 06:27:13
I would think your default waller would open the dat file. I could be wrong and though as I'm guessing you've attempted that allready. If neither electrum or multibit won't open it then my guess is that your dat file is corrupt in some way. Opening the dat file will only show its balance, associated addresses etc and you'll need your password to have control over its contents.
@_date: 2018-02-01 14:28:13
Id consider moving 1, possibly 2 copies ive kept mint in plastic, flat and in a plastic storage box from purchase depending on offers. Have a 3rd copy ive opened, read and then stored thats practically mint thats being kept in the complete set for my personal collection.
@_date: 2018-02-01 14:17:11
And the sub reddits userbase dispels their long held disbelief that the OP lacks the ability to triple check their proof of work. Nothing but  seemingly great days from here on in following this revelation.
@_date: 2018-02-01 14:11:08
If you can call a burnt out shell with a shimano gearing set, chain and wheels taken from a second hand mountain bike to induce motion a lambo that is?  Hell, why wait 6 months? The OP could probably purchase said lambo tomorrow by the sounds of it.