@_author: oliversherlockholmes
@_date: 2019-03-18 23:19:56
But who is going to stop you from engaging in everyday transactions? I understand the utility of crypto for transactions that would otherwise not occur, but why would I use it when I could use cash?
@_date: 2019-03-18 19:46:04
Just asking an honest question here, but other than avoiding the processing fee what's the real benefit of using bitcoin or another crypto for everyday personal transactions like this one?
@_date: 2019-11-12 15:45:36
I don't disagree with you. Most regular people are probably fucked. I'm not talking about regular joes who have little to no assets and a reverse mortgage that's going to surprise their kids when they die. I'm talking about the statistic-skewing wealthy. The people that have built true wealth don't rely on pensions or retirement funds. Those are icing on the cake.
The dirty truth is that wealth has become so concentrated, and the transfer taxes have gotten so lax, that those who have it are going to keep it. Their wealth will inevitably be passed on to their millennial heirs. 
I mean, sure, there are a decent number of us millennials building wealth. But that's not where the majority of the "great transfer" is going to come from. 
@_date: 2019-11-12 15:24:12
I love Bitcoin, but it is such a monumental leap to suggest that it, or crypto, will replace everything. First, it is far too volatile. That is why it only makes up a small percentage of my investment portfolio. Second, it would take an unprecedented paradigm shift to make Bitcoin surpass fiat. After all, Bitcoin is still valued based on fiat currency. 
Most of the great wealth transfer referred to in the article will occur as the older generations pass away and leave their wealth to their heirs, aka millennials. 
I don't buy the argument that millennials are going to store vast amounts of wealth in Bitcoin or some other crypto. That would be like putting your entire retirement portfolio into a high risk fund. Nobody with any sense would do that. 
Bitcoin's true usefulness stems from the way it allows transactions to occur in a trustless pseudonymous manner, across all borders and relationships. The fluctuating value that entices speculators is somewhat of a distraction from that purpose. The trend of buying up Bitcoin before the next big surge is the gold rush of our time.
@_date: 2019-03-18 23:17:48
But that's not exactly true, right? In the US, the IRS and FBI are using blockchain analytics to identify wallets. And what about the recent action against coinbase by the IRS? Pseudonymity isn't the same as anonymity.
@_date: 2019-03-28 17:41:28
I mean, it makes sense. The gold coins are minted by a government and used as a currency with static defined value. Capital gains do not apply. 
Bitcoin has a fluid value. It makes sense that if you buy it and the price appreciates or depreciates, there has been a capital gain or loss. 
This is certainly not evidence of some government conspiracy to mire Bitcoin. This is simply the law.
Moreover, if we are really in favor of widespread adoption, regulation is not the end of the world.
@_date: 2019-02-01 16:03:38
It's a different kind of token. Bitcoin reflects a value based token. This is a security. The value is that the rules can be written into the token itself (for example if a security cannot be traded for 90 days), which opens the door for average joes to fund startups, etc.
@_date: 2019-02-11 14:14:20
Idk. It depends on when Bitcoin becomes better than what it intends to replace. Right now, the computing aspect is cost prohibitive, and the wealth distribution of Bitcoin hasn't demonstrated to me that it's any different than the current system. It seems to me that those with a large stake in Bitcoin want others to adopt due to self interest and not because it's necessarily better for society.
That being said, the idealist in me loves Bitcoin, but the pragmatist in me says the future is in Dapps and second/third layer solutions.