@_author: olocrom
@_date: 2018-08-13 00:26:53
You're right. I didn't pay attention. Editing has been made, with I hope a better result
@_date: 2018-05-14 18:27:00
Is it Asics or mining crypto currency which is forbidden? Because I'm not sure a cop will look at your 10gpus rigs and just turn around saying "oh you mine bitcoin but with gpu? It' s OK then" the cop can't tell the difference.
I don't know, a Venezuelan is welcome if he wants to answer my interrogation 
@_date: 2018-05-13 13:57:54
Check this out from a lead developer from Sia : 
It's very interesting regarding the subject, insightful about ASIC industry and explain why resistance is futile.
@_date: 2018-05-14 18:26:42
Is it Asics or mining crypto currency which is forbidden? Because I'm not sure a cop will look at your 10gpus rigs and just turn around saying "oh you mine bitcoin but with gpu? It' s OK then" the cop can't tell the difference.
I don't know, a Venezuelan is welcome if he wants to answer my interrogation 
@_date: 2018-05-12 23:06:23
First, Aplication specific integrated chips existed way before Satoshi, I think that Satoshi didn't speak about it because he wasn't expecting bitcoin to succeed so quickly, leading to an opportunity of building ASICS for mining Bitcoin. But he is not there anymore, so it doesn't matter. 
ASICS are cheap now, and it's really hard to believe that bitmain will keep that monopoly and the luxury of using new hardware months before market. This strategy will be instantly nullified with only one real competitor. I will explain that in another article because it's not simple but it's for the same reason why Nvidia doesn't mine. 
For the driver problem, yes your point is good, I have to admit that Bitmain proprietary drivers are a pain. (I personally found some workaround in the hacking firmware scene). Again, competition can improve this. Time will tell.
For the ease of use of asic mining vs gpu, well it's conceivable for one crypto to develop a one-click miner. But running a proper gpu rig need some technical skills that are not needed In ASICS. And guess what! proprietary firmware coupled with specific hardware is the reason why this is possible. You can't have open hardware and software and ease of use and runtime stability at the same time, it's Microsoft vs Apple debate over and over. 
Finally I plan to speak about the future of Asic mining in other articles. For this one, facts are sufficient to prove the efficiency of asic resistance. 
@_date: 2018-05-14 18:58:32
If I admit gpu mining is more decentralized, I'm just saying this is utopia. Resistance is futile and maybe not that good because bringing secret mining from Asic because there will always have ways to specialize hardware if the algorithm is deterministic. 
But even this statement doesn't convince me, we saw by comparing ethereum and bitcoin mining few differences in terms of decentralization. 
Furthermore I consider this supposed decentralization a big price to pay for a less secure chain with miners having possibility to change algorithm and chasing profit therefore reducing their skin in the game 
@_date: 2018-05-12 23:19:19
I'm interested in your prototype, PM me ;) I have one too! 
@_date: 2018-05-13 15:10:19
Exactly, making barrier of entry as low as possible is way more efficient !
@_date: 2018-05-12 20:06:40
This centralisation of manufacturers exists for now. But it's impact is not as bad as it seems. Halong with Samsung are in the game now, and even if Bitmain refuses to sell ASICS, it's very hard to believe that no one will fill the spot.
GPU manufacturing is already a mature business but at the end of the day they are only two. Remember back in the days when there was more? I think like CPUs and GPUs, we will see only a handful of companies in the market. It's not perfect in terms of decentralization but their power is limited. If they refuse to provide good hardware someone will rise and do it
@_date: 2018-05-15 12:43:25
I am more and more considering the fact that PoW is not evenly secure for all coins. PoS is maybe more secure than PoW for majority of altcoins. Only Bitcoin and Ethereum can profit from PoW mechanism greatly. (PoS/PoW is interesting)
It's really hard to measure it properly, I plan to investigate and write about it soon.
@_date: 2018-05-14 18:43:35
Your point is asic mining is less feasible than gpu mining in some remote countries like VZ but China as well.
@_date: 2017-09-25 12:43:29
You're right it's not gonna be mainstream until smoother solutions are found. But bitcoin is still really new. So much improvements are coming. You just need to be patient.
In 1992 sending an email was totally user unfriendly. Now, you just send it with your phone instantly.
For now, I totally feel you, when you refuse to bend the knee to their KYC shit. I was luckily enough to mine some coins in 2012 and build my stack with some long term trading.
Now I think that local bitcoin can propose you some escrow service. Or as already said, meet someone on a meet-up.
At some time all of this mess will be a souvenir.. I trust that.
Edit : othographic editing 
@_date: 2017-09-30 17:51:01
Sry, not sure to grasp your point here. What do you mean?
Ps :not sarcastic here, English just not my mother tongue
@_date: 2017-09-30 15:37:19
The segwit2x is not a debate, it's a coup disguise as a debate. Because segwit2x was proposed by a closed door consortium of companies who want to take over bitcoin from the community. (search NYA in Google) Essentially for short term gain. If segwit2x passes, it's a first step to making bitcoin a PayPal 2.0 (I prefer to say PayPal 0.5 cause PayPal will stay much more efficient than bitcoin to conduct transactions in a centralized fashion), and the end of this wonderful opportunity to people to take back control. 
The problem with segwit2x is not the proposition itself to increase the block size. Honestly it will become necessary at a point. The problem is the way it'll be pushed without consensus (a common misunderstanding is to think that miners control bitcoin and are the only voters, in fact there are 5 voters : 1.miners 2.Wallets(full node not miners) 3.Exchanges 4.merchants and 5.core devs, segwit2x claim to have 90% of miners on their side. Well it's still less than 1/5 of votes...).
And the question why core devs does not support segwit2x, apart from the fact that they were not invited to discuss segwit2x implementation, is that changing bitcoin consensus rules are not a light decision at all. It need profound testing, hacking, debugging, etc.... And they just deployed segwit which is a major change, changing too quickly and combine a hard fork just after a soft fork is irresponsible. You need to realize that coding decentralised network like bitcoin is something that is totally new and you can't just add functionalities as usual, deploy a code and fixes on the air if something goes wrong. Mistakes can cost billions to people (watch  to learn more). Altcoins claims to add revolutionary features because they're nothing at stake, their network doesn't have the scale of bitcoin, doesn't need to be as hacker proof. So it's easy to say that core devs are slow and doesn't listen community. They're at this time the most capable to handle this responsability, facts proves it, bitcoin is what it is today because of them, and major improvements in cryptos comes from them. Most of altcoins devs just copy the source code, change a 2 to a 3 in one variable, wrap it in fancy marketing and claims to have solved all the problems of bitcoin. Well it's not that easy.
You talked about free speaking, well you're free to talk, commit on bitcoin github and see what community think of it. I challenge you to name one other project which provide more attention than bitcoin to it's commiters.
I hope I made you aware of the actual situation. And yes I'm an extremism by your definition because I have a very strong opinion about it, and it's not a problem for debates. I'm open to discuss more.
Edit : language corrections
@_date: 2017-09-30 23:17:33
Thx, your statement in another reply about hard drive space is realistic, it's not a valid concern. Segwit2x is not bad, I'm just not convinced if it's a good timing to deploy it now, as a hard fork should never be taken lightly. But let's face it, we know it's not a very big deal technically  bitcoin is not in danger because of doubling the size of the blocks. (bandwidth and stuff are not reasonable arguments).
What really concerns me is the way it was decided. Under closed doors. With really few actors (in decentralised networks your financial wealth should not be taken account of). Without asking or inviting core devs!. OK they're not Gods, I don't want them to take full control of bitcoin even if they are among the persons I will put my trust on blindly but here the thing. Bitcoin should be trustless!!!
But still, not inviting them as they are among the few that really understand bitcoin, as technical advisors at least,( again they're not master of bitcoin, consensus is the ruler) . It just puts red flags in my mind. 
Miners wants it? OK it's their choice. But I'm not sure other nodes accept it (charts show the contrary). If majority of actors wants segwit2x, I think it's OK, there is consensus, if I'm not personally happy with that I could switch to another coin or start coding my own. 
But if few nodes(miners in our case) can influence the whole network by taking in hostage everyone with the hashing difficulty retargeting mess that will occur if they all fork, I'll be very concern about the future of bitcoin in long terms. 
Finally, not very interesting cause not backed by solid arguments. But my personal feeling about it is that I think this is an attempt to some powerful actors to take control of bitcoin and make it ineficient as a global public censorship borderless immutable efficient way to give back to people control of their money (Andrea leaves that body :D). A bit complotist, exagerated but my point of view. 
@_date: 2017-09-30 15:44:59
+1 
@_date: 2017-10-28 13:57:51
Nice thoughts, hard to find good stuff in reddit but gems like that worth the farming. 
@_date: 2017-09-29 17:26:57
Understood, o7
This achieved to make me willing to run a bitcoin full node. 
Fuck this 2X shit, prepare to hold tight guys! 
@_date: 2017-10-01 23:04:42
I'm not one that down vote properly written comments like yours, on the contrary. And I agree with your assumptions =) 
 I'm just tired to see so much bullshit about mining. They don't represent solely consensus, they're just part of the consensus, nothing more, people need to know that.
 I didn't want to talk about segwit2x-1x matter(already did in other topics)but I understand than you choose to overextended my thesis in regards of it as it's  very hot topic and can be related easily to this one.
But it's not what I wanted to do, so I don't understand why you're saying that my thesis is not supported by this video, or I'm very concern about my understandings of bitcoin ^^ 
@_date: 2017-10-07 16:37:05
It's exactly what makes him respectable. He is neutral and above childish matters.
He said he prefer small blocks in one of his video but I doubt he will take a strong stance other than "consensus rules what is bitcoin" (real consensus, not just miners of) 
@_date: 2017-10-01 13:01:51
Already read it, wonderful one
@_date: 2017-10-07 16:37:09
It's exactly what makes him respectable. He is neutral and above childish matters.
He said he prefer small blocks in one of his video but I doubt he will take a strong stance other than "consensus rules what is bitcoin" (real consensus, not just miners of) 
@_date: 2017-10-01 10:16:16
Lovely post! But if the experiment fails, others will come. It's too late for going back, the tech, the vision, the hope is out there.
And you're right better now than later. 
@_date: 2017-09-21 11:51:08
Yeah you're right, we are at the very beginning, there is so much work to do to make BC mainstream. But it's OK, all big techs need this time! 
@_date: 2017-10-01 16:08:35
You should definitely own your coins. By that I mean having your coins in a wallet where you and Only you has the private key. Electrum is a wallet to be trusted (care pishing), during uncertain times it's absolutely necessary to store in your own wallet.
Then during the fork 17-18 Nov don't touch anything, don't transact even between your wallets. And wait for the dust to settle.
I think it's the best advice i can tell you. Usually never let too much coin in an exchange or not trustfull wallet.
Edit : language corrections
@_date: 2017-10-01 09:41:59
Wow, you really don't know what decentralisation means. If someone has more rights based on the pile of Btc they got you missed the point. One node is equal on another. It's invisible for the network how important you are. Even if you're an exchange and has the capacity to flood the network with transaction. Consensus rules! And people misunderstanding easily which actors are voting.
Miners don't rule the consensus, miners rule the validation of blocks of the fork, blockchain, altcoins they choose to run their rigs on. We can represent 5 groups of actors : (A. Antonopoulos representation)
2. Exchanges
4.Wallets(full nodes not mining) 
5.Core devs
Getting 93% of miners is still less than 1/5 of total consensus
This representation is not perfect by it shows that miners are not enough. 
And miners are now centralised which is known as a major threat that is visible now. How is it possible for  few people to convince 93% of miners just by having a closed door, secrecy meeting? 
It should be a problem in everyone eyes. Each nodes should have been mining with a small part of his cpu, but history decided differently. 
Is it OK for you that so few mining nodes (200ish) can take in hostage all the network playing with difficulty retargeting? 
Is it your vision of consensus? 
But I'm not too afraid, I know that miners needs money cause their electricity bills are paid one year in advance to get good prices, that their investment in hardware is massive. They will not be able to sustain if they hash a blockchain which is not profitable. Cause guess what happens when their blocks will be refused cause invalid by a majority of nodes, when exchanges will price differently btc1 and btc, when the market will know that every attempts from coinbase wallets to send money to a supplier, a coffee shop, employees, relatives, will get rejected! 
Well, we know what will happen... And trust me I'm not happy of this situation cause 2x and btc people will loose. One will loose money, one will loose stability(may be money short term). 
Anyway miners will follow the market.
And  no need to buy ASICS to have a voice, run a full node is sufficient. If having a voice means invest loads of money it's not a decentralised system.
A bit off topic but this situation should also make you aware of the advantages of proof of work system. May be using electricity seems a waste. But it connects digital world to physical one, it provides a sense of market/nodes/consensus alignment with the selfish interest of miners. It's genius. 
@_date: 2017-10-01 23:14:39
It's my personal point of view as well it's why I didn't disagree with our friend as he was just talking about technological aspects of increasing block size.
@_date: 2017-10-01 17:05:32
Right, to be more precise, I should have say : a node which has real economic activities (someone that pays bills with it, a company, merchants, etc...) is equal to another. But I'm still not very happy with this analogy cause it's more complex. I don't know how we can measure it. By transaction activity? Hash power like you said?
Anyway my point is that it's not JUST Hash power that count. That I'm sure of it, it's a voice for choosing which blockchain to validate so looking like this it appears that miners has total control.
But other actors has power to make the blockchain that miners adopts less profitable (by choosing with which fork running their business, send money to their relatives, etc), because they will have influence on the price by voting with their usage.
Consensus is needed.
About proof of stake you pointed out something similar. Big Holders will take the responsability to validate blocks and will vote with their money but same thing here, others will be able to influence the price of the chain holders chose to support.
The difference is that choosing the wrong chain (the one which has the less consensus) for miners is unsustainable. In PoS, holders can "resist" more and I think it's dangerous in hard forks to keep a situation unclear.
Edit : but I think PoS very interesting, in particular in a second layer network like lightning network.
PoS baked with PoW, it seems very neat in theory. But we're talking something a bit far from now =) 
@_date: 2017-10-01 09:58:24
Yes running full node is a humble way to support the network easily which is the beauty of decentralised systems based on bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-10-01 23:10:53
Exactly, but I think that things still work like that, and wanted to point out misconception about distribution of power between nodes/miners. Nothing more. 
As segwit2x was not there at the time of this video, I think its good because we can't say that what Andreas said here was against segwit2x. And I tried to not push fancy bait title like "segwit2x scam shit" in order to enlightening my point without emotional rush. 
@_date: 2017-10-01 14:17:53
There is not scaling solution, if blocks get higher new applications will push the limit further. Devs are working on lightning network that is way better than improve block size (which will be necessary, I agree). Real innovation is there. Second layer of off-chain transactions.
I will never accept that so few people can decide the future of bitcoin in closed doors agreements.
Furthermore, I don't think that innovation should be quick in bitcoin, there is too much at stake. Altcoins are good for innovation, let them experiment, fail, improve... 
Pleasure to discuss more, cheers
Edit : because you like sources : 
I'm really sorry cause it's always the same person but I have problems to find others that have legitimacy like him (which is relative) 
@_date: 2017-10-01 16:46:19
Here you go : 
Bonus :  (a bit off topic) 
It's hard to have facts into this mess, and the matter is highly political. 
Me too I spent my little free time on this revolution ;)
Got your point, to follow your analogy Lightning Network is like nuclear fusion =&gt; should solve problems but very far from now. BTW great post, we can discuss technical questions furthermore! But not here ;) 
The question of scale is never-ending, I'm convinced by Andreas assumptions as my experience in internet showed me that I never had enough bandwidth (living in countryside) even when it doubled my demands and the market proposes me more functions that requires more bandwidth. (Mmmh my TV screen is getting really big, youtube, Netflix please can you propose 4K streaming? Oh I forgot not enough bandwidth.. .).
So yes now we have scaling problems, but it's not yet critical. Segwit came, then more evolutions, then increasing block size will occur. All these solutions are multiplier factors for tx/s.
BUT, increasing block size need a hard fork and that is not a light thing in a network of the scale of bitcoin.
You have read these arguments thousands of time here. And to be honest with you, it's not the hard fork that annoy me, it's not because of the hard fork that this community is splitting. It's the way it's forced by shady people without consensus (I wrote load of comments about the fact that miners are far from being the only actors). That for me is not acceptable.
And I think the NYA is a valid source that endorses this personal opinion.
Edit : so yes to improve scalability!
Nay for doing it like this.
And I'm not saying it because core devs don't support segwit2x, they also have to respect consensus. 
@_date: 2017-10-01 09:00:56
Absolutely, people apparently forgot about MtGox (pls Google it if you don't know it). There is no point to have bitcoin if it's for let them to others to be frozen, seized, lost, robbed. USD and Visa is way more easy to use right know. 
@_date: 2017-10-01 10:09:06
I don't think sueing is a valid response. They will probably don't have the capacity to do anything. Decentralised systems based on bitcoin are not stop able by authorities (which is one of the greatest feature). It's the same for btc1 but as they are used by known big players, well finally they are vulnerable and can be sued as registered companies =) (they're centralised =&gt; they're weak) 
But the point is that you will just give your money to a bunch of assholes cause a honest attorney will tell you that he can't do anything, especially in that short time frame. 
@_date: 2017-10-01 15:04:11
You're right, bitcoin is a very good shot. Miss it will be a disaster. but I'm confident some coin will come back stronger. With better protections. With new features. Attacks makes the network stronger and that makes the attacks stronger too. We needed that scale to see this attack. The devs are still here, a lot will follow, some new figures will appear (see how quick vitalik and ethereum came out of nowhere)
Stay strong guys, we'll face hard times, but this a fight worth fighting! 
@_date: 2017-10-01 23:21:26
Nice sum up =) 