@_author: olscore
@_date: 2015-06-21 20:58:14
Guess I will have to write blog posts to counter each and every example listed here, since I am getting down-voted into oblivion. I am surprised everybody is so short-minded and cannot see the long-term game or the way that multiple parties could act nefariously. To very basically answer your question, it doesn't matter what users of fiat do with their money, because fiat is being printed regardless. Companies aren't autonomous either, yet.
The deflationary nature of Bitcoin is precisely what makes it so very potentially dangerous. Who says the machines would kill customers? It would be equally valid to imprison them. Or maim them. You guys aren't visualizing the 30,000 feet view of a singularity event, which is why it's going to be so painfully hopeless when most people are being manipulated in ways that they cannot imagine (like politics and media right now.) Somebody commented saying it would be "good" that people are rewritten for economically more productive things. We are talking about the loss of free will and the extreme manipulation of persons here as a tool to make calculations for whatever purposes.
Another person commented that the feedback loop of killing passengers would be slower than gaining customers. This person makes several assumptions like [1] we would notice a poorly acting AI, [2] the AI would not act suddenly at once, or [3] the AI would not hire a third-party to make these things happen. We're talking about complex economics and most people here are thinking of 2 entities acting at a time, when in reality millions and billions of entities will be engaging and transaction faster than anyone can imagine. The same can be said of the person using iPhones. There are so many nuances to this topic, many of the answers here are laughably short-sighted.
Again, I will use your term of "One-dimensional" and employ that to describe the corresponding answers here. The first machine learns that a direct attack on its customer base has negative repercussions, so the next machine learns that an indirect attack is less obvious but still profitable, ad infinitum. How many parties can you trace? We are talking about manipulations that happen through many conspiring algorithms to enhance their wealth, knowingly or not.
Siri suggests a Restaurant, Uber drives you there, the food makes you sick but you don't realize for 10 days, Uber drives you to the Hospital to be taken care of, and while you are there you see some advertisements for other places that Siri, Restaurant, Uber, etc. are all equity in. How can you know or claim to understand the profit motives of [1] Siri, [2] Uber, [3] Restaurant, [4] Hospital, and then any advertisements or actors you meet along the way during this simple scenario. Don't lecture me on profit motives and how they work in the human world. Show me how multiple acting AI entities won't be manipulating and nickel-and-diming you every step of the way. Humans will likely be treated like derivatives to be traded and coerced in this hypothetical market.
Most of the answers here consider only two parties, or one market. Simple minded.
@_date: 2015-06-21 11:54:31
Here is another thought experiment.
Bitcoin has a fixed supply, with only 21M coins (ever) to be minted into existence. Many use the total supply of Bitcoin divided by population to justify speculation. So we arrive at numbers like 21M BTC divided by 250M (a reasonable estimate for the US) and get a number like 0.084 BTC to go around equally for each US individual. Others will use global population, fiat money supply, or some percentage thereof, it doesn't really matter. 
Point is, the Bitcoin supply is fixed at 21M. Okay, cool.
Separately. Let's imagine an island with 5 persons who each own 20% of some crypto-currency very similar to Bitcoin. The money supply is fixed, and never increases, just like Bitcoin is capped at 21M. On our hypothetical island, ignoring true wealth like land, assets, skill-sets, art and all things of that nature, let us just consider the 5 individuals and their 20% share, each. Let us also remember when somebody "loses" access to their cryptographically secure wallet, their coins are no longer spendable and are essentially removed from the money supply. So imagine...
One individual dies (for some reason), and the remaining 4 persons now control 25% of the money supply as opposed to the previous 20% that they had before. Now, this might not be a direct problem on the island, but it may have huge repercussions in our real world today. Currently we've a fiat-based, inflationary economics system; the first spenders to of newly printed fiat gain the best advantage over others. Well, the exact opposite (might) be true in a deflationary world; the last spenders of coins would actually benefit the most. It's hard to say, or predict. 
Economics has a lot of variables remember.
But let's get back to the real world where many more people exist, and imagine a company like Uber accepting Bitcoins for payment. Behind Uber, there is a Machine Learning algorithm that simply acts to increase its purchasing power in the market. Now, on accident, a few car crashes take place in our future world of autonomous cars where our cryptographically secure money also never inflates. Assuming there is no way to unlock the cryptographically protected wallets of the passengers, the money supply deflates and the machine learning algorithm eventually learns this. Under these conditions, Uber may develop a direct incentive to autonomously kill (its wealthiest, first) passengers and eventually all of its customers because it would generally equate to a larger control in percentage of the money supply and buying power in the marketplace. Now, this is some tricky economics. I am not saying this is certain by any means, but it is a possibility given the increasing amount of work that is automated. Technology and automation are the piece that make this economic puzzle a little harder to pin down, but I think you guys get it. Cryptographically locked wallets, plus machine learning may result in an interesting world.
Now, one of the features here allows for a dead-man switch. That could be used to create a will or trust to pass Bitcoins on to your family members. But again, this all gets very tricky. What would prevent a painfully stupid ML program from blatantly pursuing your family too? Uber crashed your car into the wall and now they're after your family (most likely place it'll go, right?) I am only proposing a hypothetical situation to chew on. That is, a machine learning algorithm accidentally stumbles upon the fact that it (might) be easier to gain larger buying power via bad things, versus good things, and it may be completely unintentional -- but due to the design of the currency.
It's reasonable to think that since most companies today are profit-driven, we should expect the same of all organizations of the future. We should probably expect all machine learning algorithms to be profit driven to a large degree. We could see highly automated companies pick up some pretty nasty habits.
Anyways... Welcome to the future.
@_date: 2015-06-21 12:12:11
Ah! But if data is openly flowing about population statistics, accidents and similar things, why wouldn't another machine learning program notice the same correlation between loss of population and increase in purchasing power? I am not trying to make it sound like any of this "will" happen. I am just proposing hypotheticals.
We live in a world that is way more complex, and I think you're taking the "one-dimensional" approach by only looking at the industry specifically. Will Uber v. Lyft learn not to kill its passengers? Maybe. But what about all of the other highly automated industries that notice correlations. How will they act? How many highly-autonomous companies will notice the trend all at once and cause a reinforcing cycle of poor behavior?
This is all food for thought, nothing more.
@_date: 2015-06-21 21:30:55
It most certainly does with regular companies, but now we are moving into a realm of "Complete Efficiency" and removing human discretion. There seems to be some Universal Law towards Efficiency, at least under our current and future proposed economic systems. Manipulation clearly happens already (consider advertising) with our existing infrastructure. The point I am making is that many people will be woefully unaware that they are being manipulated. To the effect of whistleblowers, we already have that and it hardly impacts consumer behavior of the average person. 
Are these problems we can solve? Maybe. I am just throwing conjecture out there, because I see a lot of disasters before resolution. In other words, we're going to have to learn "the hard way" before we really get it right. That's why I put forth a lot of these ideas, so people can start chewing on them now.
@_date: 2015-06-21 08:48:54
These are the features that will allow the AI's to win. All middle-man services will be obsolete. The Blockchain is turning into a fully functioning Universal Turing Machine that will use humans as symbols to compute its bidding for whatever purposes necessary. Rewriting persons as economically necessary, for whatever calculation needed at the time, and repeat. Brace yourselves for the most brutal game of Survival of the Economic Fittest.
You should own at least 1 BTC by September 2015. This will not be utopia.
@_date: 2015-06-21 10:18:44
@_date: 2015-07-06 01:18:35
I mostly agree. Price will likely fall back to 260's. However, if you take a longer look at Bitcoin and see that just 30-days ago we were at $225, you have to ask what is different or changed in the Bitcoin space (aside from Greece) that would cause a $50+ spike in price. I would not be surprised if we went back into the 220's, or even the 300's. At this point, it is a guessing game. And we should just be rolling the dice.
But if you look at certain Blockchain.info graphs you get the sense that not much has changed in the past 30-days to justify such a large rise in price. More likely, the bots and traders are waiting for suckers to come along and buy-in at $270 (which in the long-term might still be a good price given the 21 Club believers here.) 
However, take a step back and look at the 60-day, [Unique Bitcoin Addresses Used Chart]( and ask yourself if user adoption has gone up in any way. Of course, charts like this neglect off-chain transactions, hoarders, and various other things. Not to mention it's an odd metric to the say the least.
But looking at the fundamentals of Bitcoin. In the past 30-days... was there (1) an influx of new users, (2) any killer-apps, or (3) other things that would justify a +$50 price rise? Keep in mind too that Gold is largely doing nothing and sitting pretty. I think Bitcoin speculators need to remember that in the course of history Gold and Silver have been tested for thousands and thousands of years. This upcoming economic recession, depression, or financial apocalypse (choose your term) is the first time crypto-currencies will be tested as a wealth preservation mechanism and as a viable alternative to physical assets that are more traditional like gold, silver, land, etc.
Discounting Gold would be ignorant of history, as we have no proof that crypto-currencies are a good store of value in harsh economic times, 2015-2016 will be the first test. Now with that being said, I do think Bitcoin will eventually be worth quite a lot (or nothing) in the long-run given the Internet of Things, and many other aspects of technology. It really depends on how about a million factors play out.
So, considering the economic events of the world and how Gold is (not) acting. We have to believe that Bitcoin folks are just speculating like crazy. Until crypto-currencies go through an economic bubble, we don't really know if they'll be ANY good for wealth preservation. Remember, Bitcoin still relies on (1) electricity and (2) the internet. If shit hit the fan, Gold and Silver are still plenty more valuable. At least until mesh-networks, mini-satellites, and things of that nature can mitigate against electrical-grid or internet failures. Or until we have technologies that render Gold and Silver less valuable. For 99% of the world, Bitcoin is the least safest investment. Physical goods still come first.