@_author: omen1855
@_date: 2014-05-03 18:31:17
Well I am co-founder of Orillia, and I agree that we have been working mainly under the radar, since there is no point in announcing things you are still researching.
I agree that Belgium is lagging behind and am thankful for your support. That's why we started the Bitcoin Belgium user group last year, we are a silver member of the Bitcoin Foundation, we attend the conferences (Amsterdam is up shortly), we are involved in the Bitcoin Belgium Association that works very hard to lobby with the government, we use all opportunities we can to explain Bitcoin to regular people and decision makers, and have formed partnerships or planted the seeds.
Last week my work-week was 120 hours (using Rescuetime to monitor that), which is really way too much and only mentioned to give you an idea of how hard it is to start such a company and do all you can to make it a success. And I'm not even talking about all the other sacrifices. On one hand it's a good thing, since more and more is moving and we are needed increasingly. That will open the door to employment opportunities if this keeps growing.
And that "you will fail because nobody tries" sentiment, is precisely the point why we mention Belgium explicitly in our communication. We are trying to make a difference and show that we shouldn't lag behind, since we have so many assets in this little country, which I don't need to explain to you (EU influence, geographic location, port of Antwerp, etc).
Belgium has always lagged behind in all things technical. Concerning Bitcoin, I must admit that our banking system together with SWIFT is not a total disaster as it is in many other countries. We're just a spoiled little country, where entrepreneurship is high risk, very long working hours and little recognition or return for it. Again, Bitcoin is some kind of a new beginning, so we give it our best shot, to change the attitude.
I don't know why you haven't heard of us (but we don't want to burn our company due to huge promises without the means to fulfil them), though I am open to suggestions to change that. In fact a lot is brewing under the radar in Belgium, and lots of effort is being put into convincing retailers, eCommerce and any business to accept Bitcoins. So if our government doesn't pass any catastrophic laws (unlikely now during election times), you will see a lot of change this year.
To further agree with your statement. Cryptx was the first Bitcoin company here I heard of and I support them fully, since their adventure has also been perilous probably just as much a roller coaster as we have been through. Not much later we started informally, and due to circumstances beyond our control, had to delay the official registration of our company. We just stayed under the radar and kept working on our business model, network and R&amp;D, all using our own funds.
As I said some things are brewing under the surface, which I will not disclose, as those companies will know best themselves when to do that. So change could happen very fast.
I would love to hear from more Bitcoin manufacturers or service providers in this country as well. I'd encourage them to make themselves known better as well, as it will help take the fear away for some people for crypto-currencies, when they see there really are business that provide the necessary services and products, and to disagree with you, are successful and profitable.
Btw, this is not just me, but a team effort of talented people, giving up a comfortable life to make this company a success beyond what we are used to in Belgium.
As a final note, we have first mover advantage, and had to time carefully when we shift up gears. There's nothing worse than being too early. 2014 will be the year Bitcoin breaks through here, based upon the sentiment of the people we've been talking to, IMHO.
Anyway a very long post to let you know that we are doing fine and consider ourselves already pretty successful (Bitpay certified partner, manufacturer of miners for different kinds of customers, unfortunately not all for sale on our webshop, with much more in the pipeline). As soon as we are properly funded, you might have to change your opinion.
Thanks for your comments on our company, at least now you have heard of us and hopefully you can see we are really passionate and welcome more entrepreneurs to start. The window of opportunity won't stay open for much longer, people.
@_date: 2013-03-20 23:02:42
I lost about 30% worth of bitcoins invested in SDICE. I am still puzzled why their shares are losing value. Oh well better than playing the dice I guess.
@_date: 2013-03-30 08:13:56
I can tentatively recommend bitcoincommodities.com, I made a significant order with excellent communication with the vendor. I should receive the goods in April. As soon as I receive them I can fully vouch for them.
@_date: 2013-03-30 12:22:07
It had a viewing audience of about 200000 
@_date: 2013-03-13 16:25:49
I use bitcoin.de
@_date: 2013-03-29 20:42:17
I posted the same link a while ago, but it's still not visible :(
I'll just post the same here.
Sorry if you don't speak Dutch, but this is the best news item on Bitcoin I have seen so far. All the important aspects of Bitcoin were explained:
* Decentralized p2p solution
* Cheap and fast global transfers of funds
* Encrypted wallets
* Mining
* Surging rise in value
* Silk Roads and the use of Bitcoins by criminals. And the fact that fiat money is no different in that regard.
Even the story of Satoshi Nakamoto was briefly explained. I am proud of our news station today.
@_date: 2013-07-02 06:25:13
I am working on a presentation for a large IT company due on Thursday, this just saved me a load of work!
Do you have an address for a donation?
@_date: 2013-03-30 12:19:42
It is the largest in Belgium. However, it is a small country with 6 million Dutch speaking inhabitants.
@_date: 2013-03-08 17:14:17
They're moving servers it appears
@_date: 2013-03-14 15:34:09
Great work. It seems written in such a way that the layman should be able to understand as well.