@_author: omfg_muh_cahkz
@_date: 2018-05-09 16:33:26
Honestly, you really have no idea what you are talking about. No judge "determined" he hired anyone to kill anyone.
Learn about the US legal system before opening your mouth, please.
@_date: 2018-05-10 04:18:24
Awesome. I don't live in the Dominican Republic.
I live in an Asian country with no credit unions. We have banks here...corrupt, very corrupt, fucking banks.
Go on, name another country with cooperativas, genioso. The point still stands. Most people live in countries with completely fucked up banks and/or completely dysfunctional economic "policies". 
The country I am sitting in has 90 million people who can't even send money abroad because of STRICT capital controls.
Go on, tell us more of your credit union, their fabled and esteemed "no fee" checking accounts and savings accounts and safe ways to store your money where a tyrannical government won't fucking steal that shit because you said something fucked up about them on Twitter.
This whole bitcoin thing? Yeah, it's about more than where your spoiled, Whole Foods eating, credit union having, "let's protest Trump!" time wasting, visa debit card spending, privileged bullshit.
I can't even send a goddamn Western Union out of this country because it's ILLEGAL.
There are entire continents affected by things a lot more important than whether or not some guy has access to a fucking credit union with APPLE PAY! YEAH, APPLE PAY!
WE DON'T NEED BITCOIN ANYMORE YOU GUYS!!! IT'S ALL OVER! SOME GUY IN POUGHKEEPSIE HAS A CREDIT UNION AND APPLE PAY! WE'RE CALLING OFF BITCOIN GUYS, IT'S OVER! GET SATOSHI ON THE PHONE, STAT!
Get a passport....and if you already have one, don't go to places like the gringo gulch of Punta Cana and report back with your insolent nonsense.
@_date: 2018-05-09 23:28:10
Cool bruh....let me get right on that.
&lt;Walks outside my house into a developing country&gt;
"Has anyone seen a credit union? Does anyone know where I can find a CREDIT UNION?? ...Oh, wait...the world isn't just America? OMG."
*BREAKING NEWS*
**THIS JUST IN!**
THE WORLD ISN'T AMERICA. OH MY GOD.
For those that believe it is, we recommend you get a passport IMMEDIATELY.
We now return you to your regular schedule programming of bubble living.
Thank you.
@_date: 2018-05-09 23:44:22
His anus in the long run? Are you 15?
Have you ever been the defendant in a federal criminal proceeding?
Then have you ever represented someone as a defendant in a federal criminal proceeding?
Then honestly, shut the fuck up.
You have no idea the amount of parallel construction, withholding of exculpatory evidence and downright unethical behavior on the part of these US attorneys once they have someone in their sights. Plus once a US Senator is on their asses to make an example of someone or some company? Hell hath no fury, my uninformed friend.
Go get a fucking law degree, or get indicted federally, and then come back and talk with the grown ups, please.