@_author: omgblackhelicopters
@_date: 2013-06-10 01:48:53
CoinMama: Their prices seem a bit out of whack, on the expensive side. So much so that I've decided to wait on that one to see if they catch up to the current state of BTC. (they wanted .5BTC for 89 bucks. 1BTC for 159 bucks. That's a bit steep when MtGox has it sitting at 99 for one BTC (weighted avg))
@_date: 2013-06-10 01:26:37
Coin Mama, OK Pay. I've read that both allow you to purchase BTC via credit card. I've signed up and am about to test it out.
@_date: 2013-06-10 01:40:16
OKPay: Bust! Got this message after account verification:








Someone who isn't a US citizen may have more luck.
@_date: 2013-06-10 03:03:21
@_date: 2013-06-10 02:15:54
Here are some methods I have attempted and the results:
- OKPay: They appear to allow instant purchase of BTC via bank transfer/credit card. Just not to anyone in the US, so that was a bust for me.
- CoinMama: I didn't get past their pricing for a BTC, as it seemed a bit high compared to the current rate. They also appear to allow purchase of BTC via credit card. I have not heard of these folks until recently, did as much due diligence as I could, but I don't get a warm fuzzy here. A single news article (that could have been planted by a hacker) and some review threads in do not a trusted source make.
- VirWox: I have used these in the past. This allows you to purchase (up to a limited amount per 24 hour period for the base account) BTC. The method is a bit convoluted and I imagine you are losing slices of your new pie each step of the way:
1. Deposit into VirWox using whatever method (including PayPall Bill me Later). Get BTC on credit! &lt;rolleyes&gt;
2. purchase "SLL" (second life virtual money) using what's in your deposit.
3. convert SLL to BTC (you'll have SLL left over. I just leave mine there to hopefully increase the BTC I get next time by just a bit. :)
4. withdraw BTC to a bitaddress
Each step they probably charge a transaction fee of a small percentage. And it's really hard to figure out how much you are spending on BTC until you have done the whole process. For example, I just purchased 1.1 BTC for 130 dollars using PayPal.
That is rather on the high end, but it is very convenient.
VirWox is still cheaper than CoinMama was (at 1BTC for $159).
There is another gotcha with VirWox. Your final BTC withdrawl transaction must be manually approved by VirWox staff, and that can take up to 2 days. I have never had that portion fail. I only have a base account though and I think this manual thing has to do with the account level.
@_date: 2013-06-10 01:35:42
I just read that you can pay using credit (debit) card at okpay and at coin mama. Has anyone ever used either?
I've heard of okpay, but just a name in an article. Coinmama popped up on reddit a couple of times, one was a "review" thread at and another post linked to a news article on a network affiliate's website. I don't know if I trust any of it. It wouldn't be hard to fake a review, even as far as creating a few accounts to chime in with supporting evidence for the review. Nor would it be hard for someone who scams bitcoins/cc to hack into an affiliate's website and plant a "story".
How the hell do you trust any of these sites selling bitcoins. Are there trusted review sites for the sellers?
I purchased via bitinstant/moneygram transfer, but now that is no longer available and i'm looking for options to fund my wallet another BTC, sooner rather than later.