@_author: omgcoin
@_date: 2015-01-07 09:56:23
Yes, that's right. Somebody made this bug in recent versions. In case of proprietary software, the public or the person who made this bug wouldn't know about this bug for a loooong time. But hackers could find this bug and use it silently for a looong time.
BTW, I spent 5 years developing proprietary software.
@_date: 2015-01-07 09:46:43
Yes! Everybody blamed OpenSSL when heart-bleed appeared in news head lines. But they completely ignored the fact that in case of proprietary library there are a lot of "heart-bleed" like vulnerabilities. And community have no idea about them, but hackers will always find them and use it quietly/silently. That kind of attacks is known as zero-day attack:
In general, open source is the way to reduce zero-day attacks to bare minimum.
Please, don't get me wrong, open source does not prevent hacker attacks. But it does make sure that any kind vulnerabilities will not stay unknown to the public for a long time. I.e. hackers can not silently exploit vulnerabilities for a long time.
If Bitstamp reveal those details (of course, *after* they write patches to fix vulnerabilities), that will mean Bitstamp is open and honest to public.
I'm not satisfied when CEO of hacked exchange said: it's okay, it's all under my control.
Also, take a look to the fact that Bitcoin transactions is opened to everyone.
Will any old school banker imagine that it's good to share details of transactions with the public? (of course, without revealing details about persons who made that transactions). I think old school bankers is not able to understand concept of crypto-currencies.
@_date: 2015-01-07 10:22:53
Unfortunately, it's just rumors/guesses. I mean they have to tell a bit more than: oh, we hacked, so sorry.
@_date: 2015-01-07 09:28:45
Do you know why Bitcoin is opensource?
At first glance it's very bad to have open source product because anyone can see the code and hack it.
But in the reality open source provides more security because this code is completely transparent. That's why Bitcoin got attention.
The same with SSL. Do you prefer to use proprietary SSL library or open source SSL library?
@_date: 2015-01-07 10:00:46
Yes! But they don't have any obligations to tell you details. That's why it's so easy to say: "oh, we hacked, sorry for inconvinience".
I'm sure they get *more* adoption if they become more open to the public.
I.e. being open is *good* for their business.
@_date: 2018-12-01 03:33:56
I'm from Russia (now living abroad). There is some delusion in crypto community that Russia is crypto friendly country.
Nothing could be further from the truth.
Since 2012, there is very strong tendency to reduce citizens freedom in all areas of life. And crypto is no exception to that. Last year, there was a bill to "legalize" cryptocurrency, as I expected it turned out that it's effectively a bill to ban all crypto altogether. Even author of this bill said that crypto is bullshit.
Wikipeadia also delusional about Russia:
Although, right now, there is no formal bill to ban crypto. It's not how things work in Russia. If there is no explicit ban, there is implicit ban.
In 2013, you can easily and openly buy crypto in Russia using myriad of small exchanges. Usually, they accepted payments though Qiwi (popular payment service in Russia back then). Once central bank and prosecutor commented on crypto in 2013/2014, all these small exchanges immediately shutdown these operations. The same with banks, no bank in Russia would allow you to wire transfer money to any crypto exchange (may be only by mistake).
So forget about Russia. This is 1984-style country and nothing will change there in foreseeable future. I've never regreted leaving this concentration camp!