@_author: omgowner
@_date: 2018-08-12 01:12:11
Loved this article. Content makes a lot of sense. Made me feel better about this horrendous bear market we are in right now.  The market is behaving extremedy strange and erratic and I have never seen it so volatile. Reading this article has calmed me down and given me a sense of hope where today,  before reading it, I was feeling despair. 
@_date: 2018-08-31 06:08:57
When fuck?
@_date: 2018-08-21 06:22:54
If you believe BTC will continue to drop in price why are you still holding your BTC?
Only a fool would do that.
@_date: 2018-08-21 06:32:49
But you WILL lose another penny to it.
You have alread said you think BTCs price is going to fall much lower but that you will hodle. 
You make no sense. 
@_date: 2018-08-13 20:03:12
BS! Between Brazil, Turkey, Venezuela, Syria, and African countries there are over 400 million people available to buy the 12 million BTCs in circulation. 
Acording to all the BS crypto news feeds people in these countries are desperate to buy BTC to protect their savings. Apparently demand for BTC has gone crazy. REALLY? Fucking really?  Well,  some  f*ker must be telling lies because BTCs price is collapsing! 
Please, someone, anyone, buy my f*king BTCs. I've had enough of this market manipulation and price fixing BS. 
Don't believe a word you read or any of the so called crypto experts. This space is dying and no f*ker wants cryptos despite what the media tell you.
@_date: 2018-08-21 06:26:50
This guy's reasoning is seriously flawed. He 'thinks' the price of BTC will go down but he is going to wait and see if it does just in case his thinking was wrong and the price goes up. WTF?
@_date: 2018-08-14 18:23:50
When tcp/ip ?
@_date: 2018-08-21 05:57:57
Not enough meat there to feed 2 people. 
@_date: 2018-05-24 06:46:32
I do believe that what is happening at present (bear market) and the most recent flash crash of BTC,  causing all other coins to drop, has been 'arranged' by certain big players. We all accept, because we have all read the various news reports that more exchanges are preparing to roll out their services to institutional investors and the large investment and banking concerns like JPMorgan et al announcing their intentions to start trading in crypto. 
However, do you really believe the big fish are going to come into the market paying current retail prices? Ha! Why would they do that? These guys know a lot more about the markets and how to make money from it than we do. In particular, they are masters at manipulating the market to their advantage. 
I believe what is happening now is the big boys are in the final stages of their entry strategy, which is to shake the market and drive down the market prices before entering. 
Here is an example,  and don't make the mistake of thinking the big fish are from Your country. The big fish are global. The market was ticking along nicely with small but sure gains being made more or less across the board. Just two weeks ago. Then what happened?  The market crashed again. Why? Because news broke that the UpBit exchange had been visited by a law enforcement department as a result of allegations of improper behaviour by its senior managers. Nothing has so far been proven and UpBit trades as normal, denying all allegations. 
So who exactly made the allegations that caused the crypto market cpins to lose $ billions off their value? Fuck all came of that bullshit story. Yet the market did not recovereturn.  Then, almost on the same day more news was released about the trustee of Mt Gox, ie., he was about to dump more BTC into the market. This caused the market to slump further. HELLO!!!! Every fucker knows the trustee needs to go back to the courts later this year to get permission to do so. Which is exactly the fucking reason why the news was fake and why there has been no mass BTC dumpage by the trustee. But guess what? The fake news knocked  
still more $billions off the value of coins.MISSION ACCOMPLISHED!!!
Yesterdays flash crash came out of nowhere with no apparent reason and again  $billions wiped off the market.  
My prediction: we are in for another  (the last and final shake down by the big fish) 'hit", ie., fake news / or orchestrated bullshit being released and designed to shake off the remaining weak hands in order to drive prices down still further. Then the groundwork will be laid for the big fish to jump in and scoop up what they want at bargain bucket shop prices. 
BTC has another  $150-$200 to rise before it hits the desecending resistance li
@_date: 2018-05-24 14:06:53
So, now the DoJ and the CFTC have finally decided that the crypto market is being manipulated! They have finally decided to act and have launched an investigation into BTC price manipulation. This is a positive step forward in getting Joe Public to reconsider entering the crypto markets again. ...when the dust settles. 
However, lets ponder all the cheesy little fucking crypto 'news platforms' and shite chartests who have been shooting us their bullshit for years. How the fuck could any of these twats even begin to offer us accurate imformation against a backdrop of severe market manipulation? This manipulation has been going on for years so it's no wonder none of their advice was reliable. How could it have been?
Now we are being told by a crypto 'news' site that the news that the DoJ and CFTC's plan to investigate BTC price manipulation has caused panick selling, thus driving the  price even lower   . FFS! They make this news up as they go along because they haven't got a fucking clue whats going on. NO ONE DOES! Why? Because the market is rigged and we are being played.
As far as I am concerned the investigation by the DoJ and CFTC  is welcomed and should bring confidence to investors, not cause panick selling. That CFTC panick sellingredients story is pure fantasy. 
Guys,  believe no one when they offer you advice on cryptos. Because no one knows fuck all except the manipulators. Not even eat his own dick shill man McAfee knows. He just says what people pay him to say. And as for that other dumb ass cunt who predicted the markets would soar during and after Consensus, that dumb fuck is now using the excuse that because crypto regulations are still yet to be decided upon and implemented, the market failed soar. Fuck off. He knew before the start of Concensus that regulations were still outstanding. He just made up a bullshit excuse to cover is butt. Fucking loser. 
Basically,  you can't predict a market if it's manipulated and holly shit is this mother fucker market manipulated! Don't even buy into the hype that coins will regain the ATHs again. Truth is, as unthinkable as it is, the market may never return to those days. The days when the price of BTC was manipulated.
@_date: 2018-05-24 16:06:54
Wow. This is amazing and very very encouraging. For the first time I am seeing almost all the coins increase in substantial value despite BTC not really recovering from the crash. It's still at $7500 yet coins are rising. This is a first!
It's as if coins are no longer tied rigidly to the price of BTC. Fuck knows what coin prices will do when BTC makes a recovery. I'm excited!!!!
@_date: 2019-03-17 18:47:30
I just want to get my initial stake money back and then I will dump this scam ponzi scheme called BTC Wall Street are about to totally own and corrupt to their own advantage.
You all know the prices we are seeing, the spikes and dumps, are not organic but the work of manipulators.
This space is riddled with bad actors now and it ain't going to get better any time soon. Time to cash out at breakeven point if that will ever be possible again.
@_date: 2019-02-10 19:22:57
I just bought some tooth paste on Purse.io using BTC.
In case you guys don't know what Purse.io is it allows you to buy stuff that you would buy on Amazon. You put your desired Amazon item in your Amazon wish list and export it to Purse.io. 
There at Purse.io you then pay in BTC for the item you exported from your Amazon account but you get a 15% discount on the Amazon price and up to 30% + discount once your trustworthiness is established.  I saved 15% over the Amazon price for the toothpaste by simply buying it via Purse.io. It is my first purchase so far.
A nice way to use BTC and actually be rewarded for doing so. Win win!
@_date: 2018-11-11 19:28:59
I live in the UK. I have some BTC. How do I get a card that I can load some of my BTC on to so I can pay with BTC?
More readily available info like this is badly needed if more people are to use BTC for every day purchases and increase / encourage wider adoption