@_author: omgurheadsgone
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:31:44
lowkey hoping someone gives you a bitcoin lol ...
@_date: 2017-09-05 07:39:19
Lol Fentanyl is lethal in the 1 milligram range so 1/1000th of a gram. How can you even compare that to something lethal in the gram range like nicotine, so 1000x less dangerous. No one accidentally consumes a gram of nicotine unless they are trying to purposely do it.  Most e liquid comes in 3-12mg per millimetre sizes, and 30ml can last you weeks as you can only only put a few millilitres into a vape device.  This isn't some chemical where skin contact could be dangerous, 1 gram of pure nicotine would be a lot of powder, where as a lethal dose of fentanyl would be like a grain of salts worth, big difference. 
Yes caffeine would require a bigger amount to cause an overdose, but it is also dispensed in much higher amounts typically, you can even buy straight 200mg caffeine tablets. Nicotine is dispensed in much lower amounts so unless you are purposely trying to harm yourself you would never accidentally take a whole gram of something, and the person could do the same thing with caffeine to harm themselves if that was their goal.
As far as health effects go, I don't think pure nicotine when vaped is any more bad for you then caffeine.  Nicotine may be addicting but it's not what causes all the problems that come from smoking cigarettes. Those are caused by the other chemicals found in cigarettes and the tar inhaled when you smoke something. 
I would say vaping nicotine is no more worse for your health then drinking coffee. Caffeine can also be very addicting and has a bad physical withdrawal as well if you take it every single day for a long period of time, reported withdrawal include horrible headaches, sluggishness and fatigue, lack of appetite and all kinds of other negative things when they go a day or two without it.
@_date: 2017-09-05 05:30:09
You're making no sense, nicotine is done in much smaller amounts then caffeine. it would take like 100 or more cigarettes smoked consecutively to give you nicotine poisoning, and probably only like 30-50 coffees to make you overdose on caffeine.  Caffeine is dosed in much higher amounts, so even though a gram of nicotine would kill you, a single cigarette only has like 5-10mg of nicotine and you don't even absorb that much when you smoke it, where as a cup of coffee can have 150mg of more of caffeine.  