@_author: omgwtfbbqhax123
@_date: 2018-01-31 07:41:00
"Orders in our system do not disappear."
Bullshit. One time I have seen my own market stop order disappear in front of my eyes, with notification saying order canceled from bitmex. Thank God I was at my computer at the time to see the notification popup, otherwise I would have failed to realize it disappeared until too late.
Also NUMEROUS times, I had buy limit orders get canceled spontaneously while being away computer, never being executed despite hitting the price. Dont know how much faith you have in your 'system', but Id say its quite lousy especially under current heavy load from excessive volume.
@_date: 2017-12-10 16:09:42
Not surprising considering that South Korea has highest number of scammer per 100,000 population in the world. The number of scammers per capita is over 178 times higher than that of Japan. Even when you look at its stock market, the amount of scams and false rumors is astounding, with journalist, politicians, and large corporations all being involved. Nowadays, scams regarding bitcoin is rampant across the country. You should never trust any information about bitcoin that comes from a Korean.
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:19:41
Luckily I did not lose anything from the error so I did not contact support. However after the incident, I stopped trusting bitmex's stoploss feature completely, and have been using market orders to manually exit trades ever since.
@_date: 2018-02-01 08:34:34
Stop order did not get 'rejected' because it never hit the stop price (it was a market stop). It simply disappeared from my orders spontaneously like the OP described. Luckily, I did not lose any money in that trade because the price ended up moving in the direction I predicted. But quite concerning since I would've been destroyed if it moved in the opposite direction. After that I pretty much never trusted Bitmex's stops ever again.
It appears either there is a bug in the Bitmex's system, or they are intentionally scamming the traders by removing some stop orders without trader's knowledge. I am assuming the latter, since as shown above Bitmex mod vehemently denies such thing is even possible.