@_author: ommageden
@_date: 2018-01-28 00:27:09
An international conspiracy of rappers planned 9/11. How, you ask? Think about this: 2pac 2 Chainz 2 Towers. Is it a coincidence? Can't be. One might ask though -- 2pac? Why would he want to destroy the twin towers? The answer is simple. One only needs to look at the East Coast / West Coast hip hop feud. Who was 2pac's biggest rival? That's right, the Notorious B.I.G. aka Biggie Smalls aka Christopher Wallace. Where did Mr. Wallace live? Oh, right New York City: the same place the Twin Towers are. Tupac wanted to desecrate Biggie's grave. "But Elijah" you might say, "didn't Tupac Shakur die in 1996?" Of course not! Tupac, after faking his death and hiding in Cuba, started reaching out to his network of relatives and friends. The Shakur family had connexions to the Muslim Brotherhood and many criminal organizations -- in fact, 2pac still has relatives on the FBI Most Wanted list.
So, Tupac had the motivation and the means, but what about 2 Chainz? Why would he want to destroy the twin towers? The answer lies in one of Chainz' most popular songs -- "Birthday Song" featuring Kanye West. Whose birthday is on September 11? Not just co-conspirators Elephant Man and Ludacris (who has collaborated with Kanye many times), but also Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. That's right, 2 Chainz, in order to give a birthday gift to and ingratiate himself with Assad, destroyed the World Trade Center towers.
Where, though, does Kanye, the other musician on Birthday Song come in? Well, let's look at Mr. West's family. Yeezy is married to Keeping Up With the Kardashians star and notorious sex tape actress Kim Kardashian. And who, you might wonder, is the fruit of this union? Yeezus' daughter North West. (!) Wait a sceond... North West? Where are the twin towers in relation to Syria? NORTHWEST!!! Kanye is in on it!
I wish I could say that the conspiracy stops there, but by golly it doesn't. Who was President when 9/11 happened? George Walker Bush. What was the name of Snoop Dogg's most recent studio album? BUSH! Snoop Dogg was in on it too.
But let's think: who signed Snoop Dogg to his record label? Right, legendary rapper/producer Dr. Dre. Wait a minute! What year did the towers fall? 2001. What is a Dre album name? 2001!!! Coincidence? I think not!
But hold on, Snoop Doggy Dogg isn't the only rapper signed to Dre. Who else did he recruit? Grammy-winning rapper Eminem. AKA Marshall Mathers. What movie did Eminem become famous from? 8 Mile. How many syllables in "mile"? 1. 8+1=9! Plus what happens when you add the 2 Ms from "Marshall Mathers"? 11! 9/11!!!!!! Moreover, what other name does Mathers go by? Slim Shady! SS!
Where else do we know those initials from? Oh, right, the elite Nazi unit of Hitler's. What was the name of Hitler's regime? The Third Reich! Third... Three... Three side of a triangle...
Δ ILLUMINATI CONFIRMED Δ
Illuminati is Latin for "the enlightened ones". Who spoke Latin? The Ancient Romans. Let's think about them: Who is a famous Roman? Julius Caesar. One of his most famous works, Commentaries on the Gallic War, opens with the line "All Gaul is divided into THREE parts." Again, the Illuminati number shows up.
"Hold on for a minute there, Elijah," you might say, "sure, you may have proved the Ancient Romans were in the Illuminati, but what does all this have to do with 9/11?" Well, the Romans derived much of their mythology from the Greeks. Who were a famous mythological group who inspired art in mythology? Right, the Muses, of whom there were 9. Plus, when you add the two consuls at the head of the Roman civil government, you get 11. Again! 9/11 (or, as the Romans might put it, IX/XI).
Another famous Roman was the orator Marcus Tullius Cicero. One technique he would use in his speech was the tricolon crescens. TRIcolon? Three pops up again in Ancient Rome! Not to mention "crescens" --&gt; "crescent". Who has a crescent and star as their symbol? Islam!
Wait... Islam... Hitler... what do they have in common? Persecution of the Jews. Is it possible that the Jews knew about this conspiracy this whole time? Perhaps these co-conspirators persecuted the Jews so the secret wouldn't get out.
Now, let's blow the lid off the biggest secret of them all. 9/11 was a firey explosion in America. But what firey explosion happened in Rome? The eruption of Mt. Vesuvius! How many major towns were destroyed by the volcano? Two! Pompeii and Herculaneum. Another parallel to Sept. 11! Now, we all know jet fuel cannot melt steel beams, but here's another inconvenient truth bomb -- molten lava can't melt marble columns!
MT. VESUVIUS WAS AN INSIDE JOB!!!
