@_author: omnipotent61
@_date: 2014-09-09 23:53:32
I have a Nexus and a Chromebook and it is definitely an ecosystem as cohesive as Apple's. It's just way cheaper and far more open for customization.
@_date: 2014-09-10 16:34:30
It can only run chrome. But it is easy to use, simple, and cheap. It also has more cloud integration. The main benefit though is the price.
@_date: 2014-09-10 01:01:16
Well, I don't know if I could have it be my only computer, but if you already have a high end desktop, then the Chromebook should be great for you. Personally I love it. It was only $200 (Asus C720), it has amazing battery life, it has been lightning fast for everything that I've used it for, it boots up in like seven seconds, it's super light, and comes with two years of an additional 100GB of Drive storage and 2 free months of Google Music All Access. 
Disclaimer: it cannot do anything besides Chrome.  I was skeptical of it's utility at first but I have been amazed at how little I have been missing programs that are not Chrome. And because everything is on the cloud; if you break the laptop there is no hassle besides the money. You don't have to recover any data from the hard drive, you just sign into a new Chromebook and everything is identical to your old one. You can flash Linux to it if you want to do more and I have read that it is actually relatively painless and that you can even switch between Chrome OS and Linux on the fly with a hot key. I have not done this though.
Being that everything is on Chrome the Chromebook really suffers utility wise when it's not connected to the internet. If you have a phone with tethering, it's awesome. It's like being connected to the ethernet all the time and USB tethering even charges your phone while you use it for it's data. If not you should hope that you are within wifi range for most of your day. For school I can use Desmos and Wolfram Alpha together which suits any math needs I could possibly have. But again those only work with an internet connection.
Since you mentioned that you are doing school works. I should discuss Google Docs. I can do all of my documents for school through Google Docs which is great. It's not quite as good as Microsoft Office, but the platform is very open so you can get more out of it than many may realize. For example there are no built in headers to stylize your papers, but they have a database of user generated templates that you can use. Another example is that the spreadsheets program has no quadratic regression function but you can find someone else's modified Google doc with a built in regression script and use that simply by adding it to your Drive. It does have the added feature over Microsoft Office of saving all of your work on the cloud as you work on it which is a huge bonus. You get to live with the knowledge that you can never lose your work. It also has the huge feature of being able to have multiple users edit the same document simultaneously which is huge for school projects. Lastly you can scan in documents to Google Drive with your phone. At school I hardly have to carry around any paper since I can keep all of my documents on my Drive and leave the physical copies at home.