@_author: omnominous01
@_date: 2014-02-12 21:56:43
I'm also having this issue. I withdrew Bitcoin 2 days ago and it was removed from my btc-e balance but never reached the blockchain. I am getting worried. Support has been no help thus far.
Update: BTC-e support has credited my bitcoin
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:14:32
@_date: 2014-02-26 11:00:52
78 Btc or 35k Dollars. I sold my car and put everything I had into Bitcoin. 
I'm too embarrassed too tell this to my family but I feel the need to tell my story to someone. 
I had heard about Bitcoin a few times over the years but didn't seriously look into it until 2013 and started buying in late 2013.
Why did I buy Bitcoin? I believe Bitcoin has the potential to make the world a better place. Having experienced the slow death of my family's business through trade agreements causing our customers to move overseas and then being devastated by the 2008 financial crisis I no longer had any faith in our government or financial system. I wanted Bitcoin to succeed and so I did what I could to be involved and use it where I could.
Why did I have funds on MtGox? I initially used Coinbase to buy my Btc. I decided to explore other options because Coinbase does not alllow me to place limit orders. I did some research and Bitstamp was my first choice but I failed to get through the verification process so I went with BTC-e for a time. After having some withdrawal issues and cryptic shady dealings with their support I looked for another alternative. That lead me to MtGox.
Why were my funds on an exchange and not in cold storage? Short answer, desperation. To answer this fully I must explain my current situation. I will try to be as brief as possible. My father got sick and ended up in the hospital for ~ 9 month. It began with pneumonia, then a ruptured lung causing him to be put into a coma. While in the hospital he had a stroke leaving his left side partially paralyzed. After his medical benefits limitations were reached for the year we were forced to discharge from the ICU into our care at home. The alternative was an incompetent nursing home, literally a death sentence for him. My entire life is now devoted to his care in 12 hour shifts with my mother. While I took the night shift, during downtime I started trading Btc on the exchanges. So I managed to turn my $35k into 78 Btc.
Why didn't I pull my funds out via Bitcoin Builder? I nearly did, but having contacted MtGox and spoken to a number of staff who all assured me that the btc were "completely safe". The support staff included email reps and irc support. I also looked into the safeguards MtGox supposedly had in place. According to MtGox, 98% of Btc were in cold storage so I felt is was impossible was a large theft to have occurred. Also the consensus among people "in the know" was pretty reassuring to me at the time. They didn't believe the situation could be as dire as some had made it out to be. 
In the end I only blame myself. I allowed myself to become a victim of fraud. This is devastating to me and I worry about my family's future. Now all I can do is care for my father until one of us dies or we run out of money. Life sucks and then you die.
