@_author: omurray
@_date: 2014-11-13 21:49:54
I wish you the best of luck. Have a good Christmas
@_date: 2014-11-13 21:45:42
To the moon!...... =O
@_date: 2014-11-13 00:23:44
Don't spend it all in one place.
@_date: 2014-11-13 00:19:32
Rough translation:
Bitcoins are virtual, but they are produced by physical machines by number of arithmetic operations - the damage if something happens these machines, can be immense, as was recently the site of a huge conflagration of so-called Bitcoin Miner.
As the magazine Coindesk reported, a majority of the area burned down together with all operating there Miners victim whose cause is not yet clear. Thus is the area of the mining machine supplier Spondoolies-Tech in Thailand, with a Partner. In June, there have still been 1,000 Dragon Miners and about 100 Spondoolies-Tech Miners. Spondoolies-Tech is one of the companies co-founded the multi-Entrepreneur Guy Corem. This number, so Corem told the magazine that had been removed, he expected 2,000 Miners, which were destroyed in the fire Wednesday night.
Burnt Miner in the courtyard of the partner company of Spondoolies-Tech in Thailand.
Bitcoin Miner:
Burnt Miner in the courtyard of the partner company of Spondoolies-Tech in Thailand.
Bitcoin - high profit, high risk
Internal suspicions about insurance fraud should be excluded according to the report, because there is no insurance. In addition, the company had with their own money - of course in Bitcoin Currency - paid the infrastructure, operation, equipment and support, so anything out of pocket. You still have some capital to prepare the site again, it said.
The suspicion of the operator goes to the outside. A short circuit could in fact be excluded, the electrics was even now - after the devastating fire - trouble free. Guy Corem wants with his remaining assets Bitcoin start from scratch, it said. Besides the 2,000 miners destroyed all the technology was around it was useless and the value created untraceable.
How did the explosion is not known, nor who had mines here or for whom the machine generated values. The young businessman with Bitcoins, there are only a few insurance companies - the people who could generate Bitcoins here are likely to get nothing. Possible that the company Spondoolies here even managed values or the machine was running for testing purposes. Spondoolies-tech research, to the site, according to the Miner hardware and wants to make the mining process more energy efficient. (kas)