@_author: onearmedboxer
@_date: 2014-11-30 01:08:18
Prey doesn't imply malice. The wolf neither hates nor pities its prey. 
I understand what you are saying, and this is an increasingly important question to ask ourselves as technology advances and it becomes possible for one person or corporation to control more and more. If a pharmaceutical company developed a pill that cured cancer, should it be allowed to charge a million a pop even though it only costs a dollar two dollars per pill to produce including r+d costs? If it weren't for them we wouldn't know how to cure cancer. Do they deserve every dime they can squeeze from us? Or do we have a responsibility to treat our fellow humans better than that? Do they have a responsibility to improve as many lives as possible? 
This case is a little bit more extreme than the money wiring example since it isn't life and death, but they are at the core the same problem. There is what is moral, and there is what is profitable, and we are perfectly happy as a society to not criticize corporations for choosing the latter.
@_date: 2014-11-29 23:55:29
I think I am using a less technical definition of fair than you. The question I was attempting to answer was wether or not it was reasonable to call this business practice evil, and I did so with an understanding of the economic principals which you are attempting to clarify for us. Nothing you said changes the fact that these companies prey on the desperation of the poor to make a sizable profit, while using those profits to attempt to perpetuate their market dominance. Regardless of the legality of it, I think thats not very nice.
@_date: 2014-11-30 22:30:06
Give me an honest answer to the lever question, and we will see who needs to re-examine their moral framework.
As I said there are a number of confusing factors that make the case of the murderer vs the aid worker different on many levels, but if they both get the same reward for the time they spend and they both result in the same number of deaths, I still say the differences are not moral ones.


Underlings do cut it. Because he employs them, he reaps the benefit of their work. Do you think that the people making the money off of drugs are the ones that actually developed them? The researchers may have got a comfortable salary and a christmas bonus, but they are not the owners, and they still have to go back to work after they are done making their company a fortune. Almost every modern industry is the same. No one employee knows enough or has the resources to complete the task on their own, so they have to sell their time while their employer who owns their tools can sell the actual product.
@_date: 2014-11-30 21:12:15
Well if you are willing to defend a company sacrificing thousands of lives for profit, I don't think that we are going to get anywhere debating the morality of the issue. I apologize in advance for the rant that gets a little deeper than the current topic, but I have a strong opinion on this issue and I don't want to leave it at that.
First of all, I don't blame you for thinking thusly, as this ideology is practically force fed to us by the news and by schools. But I think with deep enough examination, you will find that its completely bullshit.
Think about the drug example. There is no motive to create drugs that cure cancer from a financial point of view. That research is expensive, and we already milk every dime that the families of cancer patients can afford out of them for our current treatments. It is smarter to spend pennies to make it harder for real research to make it to the market and keep milking a system you already control, rather than dollars to create something new that would actually help people.
Its important to understand the economic incentives that we are creating for these corporations, and by not holding them to any standard of decency, we are only making it easier for them to dominate their markets and consolidate wealth into the hands of the few. In the logical extreme of this "free" market that you are defending everything becomes owned by a few, and 99.99 percent of people exist in indentured servitude because by design they will never be able to afford their own houses or the tools of their livelihood, let alone the tools that they would need to compete with their masters. 
I just think that it is important to protest the powerful bullying the weak before we are all to weak to make any difference.
@_date: 2014-11-29 21:27:13
Interesting point of view. There are some who would say that the belief that big banks have fair business practices is naive.
He is saying that the service they provide is rigged; that they have very comfortable profit margins, and no real competition with other big banks, which are the only "competitors" by design. People NEED this service to feed their families back home, so they can't just "go without". If you are naive enough to believe that there is corruption in the banking sector, then it follows that gouging poor people for a service their families survival depends upon is evil.
@_date: 2014-11-30 21:42:01
Allowing someone to die is morally indistinguishable from killing someone. I would call killing people for profit evil. That is what the situation reduces to.
Also, it is perfectly possible to profit while charging a price that everyone will be able to afford, although it probably won't result in the highest potential profit.
By your theory, if it were possible to enforce this law throughout all of time, we would all be slaves to the family of the first man to invent fire. He charges whatever he wants until he owns everything in the world, as is his right. We wouldn't have fire without him! We are all voluntarily choosing to use fire. We could certainly go with a competitor, like rubbing our hands together for warmth, or using chemical means to assist in food preparation, but we would be incredibly unsuccessful at survival. And then only by the grace of his investment would they be able to afford to develop new technology, which he would own, because without him, it wouldn't exist right?
@_date: 2014-11-30 22:12:40


There are differences in the cases, but they are not moral differences assuming you could have saved as many people as the murderer kills, with as little cost.
For a less dissimilar case without the confusing extra variables consider a lever. In one situation a man can choose to pull the lever that kill a man for 20 dollars. In the other situation someone is given 20 dollars, and the opportunity to pull a lever and save a mans life at the cost of only 20 dollars. Is there a moral difference between a man who pulls the first lever and a man who doesn't pull the second?


But even as the old patents expire, he owns all of the new patents and can use the resources he has acquired to stifle competition if it arises.