@_author: oneahahah
@_date: 2017-07-08 14:57:51
The Bitcoin core source has been forked on GH 8,885 times as I am looking at it right now.  It's feasible to imagine either the Russia/China or USA/EU eventually resorting to a heavy handed approach and attempting to co-opt bitcoin under some sort of control; place it under control of the World Bank or some such.  They can even declare themselves to have lawful authority to take control of the bitcoin source code and be the approving authority for all changes.  It doesn't matter.  That just becomes the 'government fork.'  They can't force us to use it, and they can't stop us from using our own fork.  
Decentralization is just the technology of the internet emerging from it's infancy.  30 years ago there were already people who saw how it had the potential to break all of the old ways of doing things.  
Decentralization just works better, and guarantees the widest and most efficient distribution of economic prosperity and freedom.  So, the idea is out there, the code is out there, the proof of concept is out there...  people will use it.
The era of central banking is already over.  
Centralized governance over populations of people is incompatible with decentralization, and will become obsolete as well.
Political leaders, masters of finance, corporate entities that have wrapped themselves in layers of government protection...  They are already obsolete.  You will see them struggle over the next decade to maintain their relevance in our society, but their way of doing things is incompatible with decentralization, so every attempt to insert themselves as a middle man in this new future will fail.  
Meanwhile, the geeks really shall inherit the earth.
@_date: 2017-07-08 21:00:54
At any rate, my point was that there are copies of the source code everywhere and anybody can run it if they want.  They can't stop it from spreading once it's out there.  Look at all the money spent on legal action, legislative lobbying and other tactics by the recording and film industries, and it's had no success whatsoever in stopping people from sharing torrents.