@_author: one-future
@_date: 2015-08-09 10:41:14
No, that’s not what the film says. Rather, it points out the fact that hundreds of government and military witnesses have come forward ([for example, the several dozen on video here]( to say they’re aware of a non-terrestrial presence on our planet. The film suggests one reason for the secrecy about it has to do with the advanced energy technologies these otherworldly beings have mastered, because if the world knew it were possible to extract energy from the vacuum of space without the need to burn gas, oil, or coal, or to generate and deliver electricity without an expensive and metered grid infrastructure, it would directly threaten the single largest industry on the planet to the tune of $200 trillion dollars.
Whether you believe that or not, the film also points out the fact that new and innovative energy technologies are being actively suppressed, sometimes with grave consequences for the inventors. Why is that?
If you understand why Bitcoin is disruptive to the existing financial order, you can probably understand how new energy technologies would be even more disruptive to the major power players (literally) — and yet beneficial to most of the rest of humanity.
tl;dr: No, and it’s not as kooky as it might seem at first.
@_date: 2015-08-10 03:21:33
Why should talk about ETs scare off rational thinkers? The answer to that itself reveals a lot about the situation. If we don’t understand just how much information is being suppressed or deliberately distorted, or the methods that have been used to create a self-policing populace that instantly ridicules any idea outside the “mainstream” view of reality, how can we hope to come up with informed, effective solutions that will meet the challenge?
And why do you assume that if ETs are real, they must either be compelled to interfere with our human affairs or be aligned with the government? Gosh, even *Star Trek* has a concept of the [Prime Directive]( I don’t claim to know what the motives of any particular ET group (there may be more than one!) might be, but that doesn’t preclude the possibility that they exist, or invalidate the testimonies of hundreds of credible witnesses telling us they do.
The Thrive Movement is tackling a complex, multi-faceted, and deep-rooted problem, and is not afraid to follow the evidence to find the truth, wherever that leads. Furthermore, Thrive only advocates solutions — like Bitcoin — that create no new violations against individual sovereignty and human dignity. You and others may disagree with the inclusion of ET phenomenon within its scope, but I can tell you there are just as many people who are grateful for the inclusion based on their own personal experiences and knowledge, and are looking forward to a time of open full disclosure.
Once you start down the rabbit hole, you begin to realize that lots of seemingly disconnected issues are in fact connected, and that truth is actually stranger than fiction. That doesn’t mean you need to give up your rational mind — far from it. Only by critically examining the issues can we hope to move forward.
In any case, I’m glad you appreciated the Bitcoin post.
@_date: 2015-08-09 21:44:42
If you agree that we have human masters, then you already have more in common with the Thrive Movement than you probably realize. The point of it isn’t to expect aliens to save us, the point is to overcome our own human-created problems with human-created solutions.
@_date: 2015-08-10 05:17:49


So a theoretical equation created for the purpose of stimulating discussion and involving a number of conjectural terms, and a limited understanding of time and space trump observable phenomena and eyewitness testimony suggesting our understanding of the universe may in fact be woefully incomplete? How is that rational?
I can tell that I’m probably not going to change your mind on anything meaningful here, so unless you’re genuinely interested, I’ll save the effort.