@_author: onefreemanwins
@_date: 2019-11-23 08:58:32
So it seems the central banking cartel has shown it's cards in regards to how it plans on dealing with crypto :
=&gt; instaure KYC/AML restrictions to make sure everything is tracked and monitored as much as possible
=&gt; allow for cash settled futures to ''tame the market'' (same thing they did with precious metals)
=&gt; go after the pumpers (tether and co.)
=&gt; do what they can to hinder mainstream adoption (libra, ETF)
=&gt;  make the tax laws complicated enough so that it is a hustle to be  compliant, therefore having most crypto investors acting outside the law  (I would bet most investors have not reported a thing yet, in Germany  that is certainly the case)
The  question is, can the lid be blown off of this thing if/when we get the  next wave of mainstream FOMO ? Only what they printed in a single day  with the whole REPO panic would be enough to tank the market for  decades.
While I lean bullish for  the next few years, the strongest counterarguments to that in my opinion  are the ones I mentioned above.
Then again, Gold also had several runs within similar limitations, time will tell.
For  those who think that our central banking fiat system ''just happened''  without any powerful actors pushing hard in that direction, and that  they will not fight to keep that monopoly :
Look at what happened to Kennedy a few weeks after he signed executive order 11110
Look at what happened to Kaddafi when he tryed to instaure a gold backed currency for Africa
Look at what happened to Sadam Hussein when he stopped selling his oil for dollars
Look at what happened to E-Gold
Look   at the list of countries that did not have a central bank yet in the   year 2000, it reads like a list of the countries that have been invaded   in the last 20 years, or are currently under sanctions.
The entire history of the United States revolves mostly around the fight to establish a central bank.
Discarding this as just conspiracy theories is I feel rather uninformed and a bit lazy intellectually.
I highly recommend the documentary ''century of enslavement'' by James Corbett on the subject (available for free on youtube)
@_date: 2019-04-29 11:00:07
Why does it always have to be an imminent pump with no chance to ever buyinng again at these prices with you ?
You've misslead alot of noobs with this (Never 10k again, never below 8k, never below 6k).
What's wrong with taking a more midterm view ?
BTW I'm bullish and think it's more likely than not that we've bottomed