@_author: onefixt
@_date: 2011-10-12 22:56:16
Consider trying the BitPenny mining pool at  
It protects the network against &gt;50% and other types of attacks.
@_date: 2013-11-20 06:17:48
This may be a coincidence, but this new user is using my twitter name ( to post a piece of "news" designed to pump up the price.  I would like to state that this account has nothing to do with me or my trading targets.
@_date: 2013-11-23 02:46:27
The safest way to make money on bitcoin arbitrage, from a profit perspective (you will have to figure out the legalities and tax implications), is buying/selling bitcoins locally at a markup and hedging on an exchange.
Becoming a profitable active trader takes time and discipline; it is a full-time job, it can take you years to be consistently profitable, and you will likely lose your entire account several times before you learn what you need to learn.  It is going to bewilder you, drain you emotionally, and take over your life.  Do you really want to be a trader, or are you gambling hoping to get lucky?  If you just want to get lucky, you would be better-off holding some bitcoins for the long-term while making sure you have enough money to live on.
Trading involves not just an understanding of technical and psychological workings of the market, but a mastery of your own psychology and emotions.
You may wish to read [The Disciplined Trader]( to understand why and how this can be accomplished.
By not telling your sister of your actual situation, you are putting pressure on yourself which leads to over-trading, hoping to make back what you've lost.  This psychological pressure guarantees that you cannot be objective about price movement - you will see either what you want to see or what you are afraid of, and not what is actually happening.  This pressure and desperation will also make you seek advice from people who are not qualified to give it, effectively projecting the responsibility for your bad trades onto others while the losses remain your own. Don't follow anyone's price targets or analysis if you cannot confirm those targets with analysis of your own - that means you need to be able to perform analysis of your own before you can judge the analysis of others.
All this will require time, patience, comfort, and dedication - something that you cannot have if your are not consistently honest with yourself and those around you, if you are desperate and trying to take more than the market is willing to give you.  Consider not just the possibility of gain, but the very real and likely possibility of loss.  Good trading is mostly about managing risk, not chasing reward.
Slow down, tell your sister what is happening, gain her support, and learn to trade on a smaller account since you will probably lose that account several times over.  This is her money, too, and whether you admit it to yourself or not, you simply can't be at ease unless she approves of what you are doing with it.  And don't kid yourself that she knows what you are doing and has agreed to it, you have not been honest with her about your returns or your skill level, and you are not giving her an option to say "no" and pull out her half of the money.  If you do not understand the significance of this, then you are not ready to be a profitable trader.
Treat your losses so far as a lesson.  They will show you how most people get trapped buying at the top and selling at the bottom, what that feels like, and how to avoid it next time.  Learn from all your mistakes, whether they are trading mistakes or life mistakes.  Slow down, you have enough money to live on and don't have to be as desperate as you are.  Protect your capital, don't over-trade, read books, practice with what you can afford to lose, study trading seriously, or don't trade at all.  Keep in mind that it takes 10,000 hours to get genuinely good at something, and only about 7% of traders end up being profitable.  Those 7% are not chosen at random.
I am sorry for the greatest loss that you and your sister have suffered, that of your parents.  This may also be a factor in your trading, and you need to work through any possible emotions of guilt, regret, and sadness that remain.  Be responsible, in every sense of the word.  Think about the long term and how you can protect the inheritance that remains long enough for you to learn how to manage it.