@_author: oneideacloser
@_date: 2013-05-22 20:26:52
I don't know if Bitcoin is intended to be the all encompassing solution for all transactions - just one more alternative that is intended to solve some current issues.  I mean let's face it, most Americans live off their debt and credit cards - they aren't going anywhere.
Besides that, Bitcoin still has a looooooooooooong way to go in a lot of different respects - but the way I see it, those are prime business/developer opportunities to improve Bitcoin.  I think credit cards, cash, and Bitcoin all have their place - quite frankly, I see Bitcoin being more of a competitive threat to companies like PayPal long-term than anything else.
@_date: 2013-05-22 18:33:34
1)  Why do you consider Bitcoin any more of a gimmick than say a credit card?  As for people looking for ways to spend their Bitcoin, I think what you're confusing as desperation is actually enthusiasm.  In the world of tech, there is a group of enthusiastic early-adopters, they embrace, test, and help developers make the product/service better through breaking it, criticism, and suggestion, what's wrong with that?  In my opinion it's the relationship between early adopters and developers that makes the world go round.
2)  Yes, people pay for convenience - it has value to them (I think that was point).  Stores could literally keep their prices the same, accept Bitcoin and encourage customers to use it, and the stores wouldn't incur the expense associated with credit card processing.  Bitcoin is as convenient as a credit card without the fees (or identify theft).  Why not accept Bitcoin?
3)  Everything related to tech and the internet is probably a bubble to you.  But what's the bubble you're talking about, it's current value in relation to other currency? The technology it represents? Its potential for future utilization?  I think focusing on its value in relation to other currency is myopic - it's value is understandably volatile, but volatility doesn't negate its significance, applications, or future.
4)  "Costs...  business factor that into their prices..."  If they can.  In many ways, market dictates price, especially for small business.  If enough people would pay $10 for a cup of Starbucks coffee they would charge it.  Pricing strategy is part covering costs, part competition, and part getting what the market will pay.  A pricing strategy isn't as simple as costs plus desired mark up - business (unless monopolistic) does not function in a vacuum.  If Miller Beer is on sale for $19 a 30 Pack, guess what, Coors is on sale for $19 a 30 pack, and Bud is on sale for $19 a 30 pack - some brands will even lose money in the short run to protect their market share. So a business finding ways to save itself money (a dollar saved is a dollar earned), while adding value is important...