@_author: oneofyourfrenchgirls
@_date: 2013-11-19 02:11:40
He heartily supports the idea of competing currencies.
That being said, Ron Paul's not the go-to guy for anything to do with money, economics, etc.
@_date: 2013-12-02 05:58:11
+$0.75 verify
@_date: 2013-11-07 09:45:05
You may want to wait for it to come down off the current surge before digging in. That being said it seems there is steady growth ahead at least in the near-future.
@_date: 2013-11-13 02:29:13
I read the paper; I don't know that many in the comments here have.
The problem posed is that the selfish-mine algorithm, faced with the current protocol, is effective when enacted by a pool of any size.
A pseudosolution posed by the authors is thus: when a miner learns of competing branches of the same length, it should propagate all of them, and choose which one to mine on uniformly at random.
This ensures that selfish-mine is only effective for a colluding pool with one-fourth of the collective mining power.
The fear with these thresholds is that once reached, any rational, profit-maximizing miner will want to join the colluding pool.
The author of this article argues that the case is not so simple. While the ES paper's analysis is not inherently flawed, their conclusion that selfish-mine dominates honest mining is not necessarily true.
The writer's (and his colleagues') own game theoretic analysis proves the existence of a Nash equilibrium (no player has an incentive to switch strategies given the other players' strategies) in which all miners follow the current protocol honestly. Furthermore, there exist infinitely many equilibria where all miners behave identically (i.e. pick they all pick the some identical arbitrary strategy).
The writer refers to those equilbria as enforcement of a set of "Bitcoin rules." The implication here is that the system can settle into a state such that certain norms develop which may be prohibitively costly to defy. That is, selfish-mine may be a poor strategy in such cases, or may be difficult to initiate at reasonable scales.
The writer also finds equilibria where it is beneficial for miners to deviate. Thus, collusion is not struck out by his analysis. The writer is merely making the point that the ES paper makes conclusion with unfounded certainty.
The writer has also noted that neither analysis tackles the really intriguing question: "Is there an equilibrium in which in ordinary users of Bitcoin cannot get transactions done?"
Such would be a serious danger to Bitcoin. None of these academics have behaved pompously, nor presented themselves as geniuses, nor acted like experts in anything other than their area of expertise. They are pursuing questions that interest them, and ones which ultimately matter a great deal to the value of this system/idea/movement so many of us enjoy. Perhaps we ought not be so quick to attack them.
**Disclaimer: I have not yet found the time to read the entirety of the article writer's paper. I hope to get around to it soon, as it contains a clever James Bond reference**
**All I have done here is try to present information. I am a student and a layman: I am thus uneducated and nonexpert. I merely have a strong interest in these topics. Take what I say with a grain of salt and be sure to check for yourself if you want to know more.**
Also, fun fact about Nash's Existence Theorem: any finite, mixed strategy (a strategy has a probability of being chosen) game has at least a single Nash equilibrium. It doesn't seem so profound, but imagine some sort of game with everyone on the planet and it seems a bit cooler, at least to me.