@_author: onerefundplease
@_date: 2014-07-25 21:52:50
Damn straight!  Never thought I'd have to cash in my coins though but that's the great thing about Bitcoin it really can be a great fall back savings for those rainy days.  The coins I've sold so far have gone to getting around the city for handing out CVs and hopefully soon to be interviews!
@_date: 2014-07-25 21:21:06
I would if i could but that goes against why i want the refund.
And your right, VPN's are extremely important to promote and companies who accept Bitcoin are just as important to me hence the reason i first signed up with them and tried to educated my family and friends to do so.  But my family and friends who are new to Bitcoin don't see my problem as a customer vs company problem, they see it and blame it on the fact i paid in Bitcoin.  So it backfired on me twice i guess you could say!
EDIT: If companies have to handle Bitcoin transfers hand by hand surely it wouldn't make sense to accept Bitcoin payments?
@_date: 2014-07-25 21:07:48
I bought a years subscription on the 10th and really liked their service compared to other VPNs i had used, but on the 12th i was made redundant from my job, so i started cancelling things like Netflix, Cable..etc all the the non essentials to manage my budget and make sure i could keep a roof over my head and food in my fridge. This included my newly bought VPN account because even though its only $40 for the year, it's $40 more then i have right now.  But it's been nearly two weeks and I haven't got refunded.
It took multiple emails and sales retention dodging to get a email (second image shown) on the 15th requesting my refund payment details, i replied later that day with the info i needed. I never heard back, so i submitted another ticket and the cycle continues still ten days later.
Even sadder thing was i liked the VPN i even suggested it to a my brothers and cousin and the only reason i paid using Bitcoin was because they accepted it.
Anyone else had a bad time or am i just really down on my luck at the moment?
