@_author: onlypostswhenpooping
@_date: 2014-08-05 07:45:05
The FBI found the BTC in the hot wallets of Silk Road. Ross Ulbricht vehemently denies any involvement in the operation of Silk Road. Therefore, he obviously is not going to claim the government owes him those coins.
As for his 144,000 BTC personal wallet, the government has not sold those yet, and in the case of a not guilty verdict they may in fact have to return them. As it remains unclear how the government even got those coins, I'm not entirely sure.
@_date: 2014-04-29 02:22:47
Before everyone panics, "BAN" is the [three-letter code]( for "banking;" it does not mean they want to ban banking.
@_date: 2014-09-09 07:09:25
Is the difference so clear cut though, between transactions that will confirm quickly and those that might take weeks? I thought the fee only determined the probability that a block will include a transaction.
I think we're seeing a lot of fee inflation, as the threshold of "too low" is not clear, so people set their fees extra high just to be safe.
@_date: 2014-04-06 18:42:10


I think for a lot of people it was the other way around.
@_date: 2014-08-05 07:32:03
It sounds silly, but the government actually sues the money itself. You'll see cases titled "US vs. $100,000 in cash." Since the money can't defend itself, it always loses.
The person found not guilty could sue the government to recover the money - in fact, it's even easier than that, since forfeiture cases include a process by which anyone can claim a legitimate interest in the seized assets (one vendor selling legal items on Silk Road actually did this). To win such a claim, the not guilty party would have to present a plausible (and legal) explanation for why they are the rightful owner of the cash. Obviously, if they are not actually innocent but only got off on a technicality, they will be unable to produce such an argument.
@_date: 2014-08-05 00:54:57
According to [getaddr.bitnodes.io]( 75% of all Bitcoin nodes are in the US or EU. Most of the notable companies accepting BTC - Newegg, Tiger Direct, Dell - have piloted in the US. Venture capitalists in these countries have invested billions in bitcoin companies.
Are you sure you want to just write all of that off?
@_date: 2014-04-29 02:22:31
Before everyone panics, "BAN" is the [three-letter code]( for "banking;" it does not mean they want to ban banking.
@_date: 2014-04-03 04:56:43
Most people aren't anarchists, though. Without support of any governments, most people will not use Bitcoin. You might continue to use it, but as the utility of a currency is proportional to adoption, you won't find it very useful.
@_date: 2014-04-03 04:41:01
It's not misinformation, though. Consider the following quantities:
1. The amount of food a dollar will buy a year from now
2. The amount of food a bitcoin will buy a year from now
You cannot, with a straight face, tell me you are more certain about the second quantity than the first. The US dollar has been orders of magnitude more stable than Bitcoin for as long as both currencies have existed. That instability might be growing pains, it might get better with time, and it might even make sense at this stage of Bitcoin's development. But we need to maturely recognize and deal with this fact rather than use blatant fallacies to discredit anyone who dares to bring it up without appending the clause, "but Bitcoin rules."
@_date: 2014-08-04 07:36:09
Even if you intend to ignore the regulations, it's still in your best interest to fight them. Big businesses with money and for that matter most of the public will obey the law, and if that law makes Bitcoin impossible to use, people will stop using it.
@_date: 2014-03-26 04:23:28
Technically, you are supposed to record every online purchase you make and calculate the sales tax you owe at the end of the year. No one does that, no one gets arrested for not doing it, and it never slowed down adoption of e-commerce.
This type of treatment is what most people had already been assuming. Up until now, the most common reply to someone asking about about Bitcoin taxation in the US was, "we're not sure yet, but you'll probably have to claim any realized profits as capital gains." This isn't good news, but it isn't terrible news; it's just confirmation of what everyone had already assumed was probably true.
I agree an exemption for small transactions would help increase adoption. I suggest everyone (from the US) submit such a suggestion to your Congressional representatives, many of whom have explicitly stated they do not wish to impede Bitcoin adoption. All of this moping isn't helping anyone.
@_date: 2014-08-05 07:52:10
It helps to imagine a situation where the law actually makes sense. Say police bust a huge grow house with hundreds of plants and arrest the twelve people they find inside at the time. They also find $10,000 cash hidden under the floorboards. After years of negotiations, trials, and appeals, the cases resolve as follows: six defendants take plea deals, three are found guilty and sentenced, two commit suicide before their cases resolve, and one is found not guilty.
What happens to the money? The government cannot give it all to the one not guilty person; there is no reason to believe it was all rightfully his. They can't just put it back where they found it; many people not involved with the case at all are aware of that cash now, so someone will just steal it right away.
The government then sues the money in court (the case is actually titled US vs. $10,000 in cash) and initiates a process through which anyone can claim a rightful interest in the funds. If someone can convince a judge it is more likely than not that they rightfully own the assets, they get the cash. If no one successfully makes such a claim, the state keeps the money by default as they were unable to determine the owner.
The law starts to look unfair when the government applies it in cases with individuals, where the owner of the cash is patently obvious but still legally uncertain, and the owner is unable to prove their stake simply through lack of available documentation. These sorts of cases lead people to discuss civil forfeiture laws with great cynicism, but the laws do have at least some ostensible logic at their foundation.
@_date: 2014-03-10 02:07:31
I saw the title and thought you were going to honestly address all of the witch hunt rhetoric, quixotic denial of serious issues, and "fuck you; got mine" mentality that has plagued this subreddit for months.
Instead, its more freedom fighting bullshit.
@_date: 2014-04-03 04:20:27
I get the idea that most people in this subreddit *want* the US government to hurt Bitcoin. As if it validates their worldview in some way. People were happy with the FinCEN guidance when it came out, and before IRS released their opinion, the most common response to questions asking how should I claim Bitcoin appreciation on my taxes was, "most likely as capital gains." One positive move plus one neutral move does not equal an evil conspiracy.
If the US government actively oppose Bitcoin, most people will not use it. I can't imagine how that's a desirable outcome.
@_date: 2014-08-05 07:00:38
Well, specifically regarding the Lawsky proposal, we could try taking advantage of the public comment period.
I see a lot of rallying cries on this sub urging people not to comment, because that would give the rules legitimacy. That makes absolutely no sense to me. If no one comments, the existing proposal has a 100% chance of passing unmodified, and the people with guns most definitely will consider it legitimate.
@_date: 2014-09-08 07:33:05
So what everyone's saying is, if you fail to follow a complex set of rules that are not clear to the end user when constructing your transaction, your funds will be frozen for an arbitrary and uncertain amount of time.
Bitcoin = Paypal?