@_author: onlylogintoupvote
@_date: 2016-08-16 13:56:05
I actually found out about this feature by accident, I was just trying to make a normal withdrawal and was surprised to see my card balance increase immediately. It's a pretty awesome to know I'm able to turn all my BTC almost instantly to cash fiat in case of an emergency. The only thing is I wish I was able to withdraw more without Step 2 verification (currently limited to €400 daily). I know it's due to regulations and for security reasons, but it's hard for me to verify my address due to being an exchange student.
I use your exchange for all my trading after you replied to one of my posts on this subreddit, and I have to say I'm really happy with it so far. Thanks for the great service.
@_date: 2016-06-07 18:36:31
Hey! I finally did it through your service. It's gonna take a couple of days to buy all my BTC, but that's ok. Thanks.
@_date: 2017-01-04 01:29:14
[Here's]( a source in Spanish. We have currency control here, meaning it's illegal to exchange currencies. The government has considered Bitcoin an alternative to circumvent this ban, so they have decided to prosecute it's creation and use. As for basis in any laws, that doesn't really matter here as the judicial system is basically a branch of the executive power. If the military police decide to imprison you fro Bitcoin mining, you'll be charged with "Excessive electricity consumption" or something of the sort in lieu of an actual transgression of a law against BTC.
@_date: 2017-01-04 14:39:46
The government just issued new bills for 200 times the old ones (i.e. our largest bill used to be 100 Bs., now it's gonna be 20000 Bs.). However, they have yet to arrive to the country, even though the government decreed the elimination of the old bills. They have postponed the final date of validity for the old bills twice, apparently because they had payment issues with the printing companies making the new bills. Sounds crazy, right? 
However, I understand your point and really don't get how people live without bank accounts. Minimum wage is 27000 Bolivars, meaning you would have to get paid a stack of cash. The government has ordered banks to ease up requirements for opening an account, because cash is becoming increasingly useless and debit/credit cards seem like the only viable option for daily use. 
@_date: 2017-01-04 01:23:54
A good source for articles about Venezuela is [Caracas Chronicles]( They're admittedly opposition leaning but they're fair and balanced in their analysis. Plus, most other sources (newspapers, news sites, etc.) have been censored by the government, so it's one of the only options. As for the current situation, it's saddeningly dire. You'll get a glimpse on Caracas Chronicles. Lots of people starving, there's shortage of every basic good including life-saving medicine, crime is at an all-time high, inflation is making everybody crazy... It's a horrible country to live in. I'm basically hurrying my way through Uni so I can get the hell out of here ASAP, as are most of my friends.
Coinmap.com shows 11 places accepting BTC in Caracas, but I can guarantee that they don't actually do so. The economy here is strange, absolutely no place accepts any currency other than the local one (Bolivares) as it would be illegal to do so. Currency exchange shops don't exist here, not even in the airport. The only way to spend BTC (or USD) is to do it unlawfully with a trusted party (as in, I've brought back cellphones from the US and sold them to friends for USD).
[Here's]( the source for the seizing and imprisonment regarding a Bitcoin mine. The government sees it as a way to circumvent the currency control, so they declared it illegal. I'm not really too much into the scene other than I know a couple of small-scale miners (less than 50 machines); however, being illegal, it's not much of an open community.