@_author: onlyineye
@_date: 2018-02-12 00:31:01
For one product no? For a large basket of goods possibly. Innovation plays a huge factor do you know how much a tb of memory was 20 years ago vs now?
@_date: 2018-02-11 01:15:49
I know I just was too lazy to look how far back they created the fed reserve in response to banks not being able to meet depositors cash requirements back in 1893 which was using fractional reserve banking. Its probably been around since the enlightenment. Yeah, the 1890s had a lot of banking crises which eventually caused a need for the fed and other regulations in regards to banks. 
Edit: Oh wait I'm wrong it was the panic of 1907 that spurred the creation for the federal reserve. Milton Friedman has an amazing book on banks and monetary policy ranging from the 1860s to 1960s probably his best book 
@_date: 2018-02-11 00:28:23
Fractional lending is how banks have always operated since the inception of the federal reserve it controls that fractional amount and the reserve required for banks to have so they can be liquid. Complaining about a practice that has existed for over 100 years to open up credit markets is pretty dumb. Yes, I agree the bank has no right to deny his purchase of any investments, goods or services which is inherently a problem with that bank. They probably are pushing some of there own financial products which raise more issues on the ethical concerns of the bank. Fractional banking is how we continue to sustain growth in the economy. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 02:05:50
I like Friedman because he opened my eyes to economics I can't watch a lot of his videos now because of the more recent economic books I've read disproving a lot of his economic ideas. Yeah I tend to shy away from a lot of Austrian economists I think they had a huge impact on the field but I prefer more data-driven economics I am not a fan of theoretical economics. I've been diving into behavioral economics, social economics and experimental with the likes of Thaler, Kahneman, Schiller, Stiglitz, Tversky and some others. If i use an economic source usually from the financial times or the conomist. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 01:12:19
Yeah, I have a formal degree in Accounting so I know finance pretty damn well and am a financial analyst to. Also reading numerous books and taking classes on it in regards to the subject of monetary policy. Before you start talking about it please at least have an understanding. Fractional reserve banking opens the door for a lot of business and personal financing for homes and such. It is one of the main drivers for industrialization and the reason why the world around us has advanced so rapidly alongside a lot of innovative people who got their idea funded. Yes, it can be a problem if banks have very low reserves but the federal reserve and other financial regulators make sure the reserves are in acceptable means. Also using a Henry ford quote is a pretty bad idea when his whole business is heavily funded through fractional reserve banking so he can continually build new plants and continue to produce products. There are much more dangerous financial tools than fractional reserve banking. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 00:48:40
You mean monero you still in most respects have to exchange BTC for monero. BTC still by far is the largest currency on the darknet markets monero is being more widely accepted but whats heavily driving monero price is BTC because there is no real formal exchange at least in the U.S. for direct USD -&gt; Monero. People claim this privacy with monero but they have to buy BTC for monero so the clear existence of an exchange being available publicly is still available. People love to talk about monero and its privacy but the current mechnasisms to obtain it makes it somewhat less private than the direct exchange of the crypto currency for a fiat currency. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 18:04:42
So how do you explain asset prices such as housing and investments how do we account for them going down in value in a deflationary monetary policy aspect  . Asset prices do we have to account for price levels going down in taxes, gains just general accounting. You know all the implications your asking with this idea? How do you invest  when we are using deflationary monetary policy?
@_date: 2018-02-11 16:20:46
It's not fraud commuting fractional reserve banking like I said it has many benefits. The most recent crash was caused by investment banks and heavily leveraged using derivatives which can be hard to determine overall exposure but that's because they heavily leveraged there positions.
@_date: 2018-02-11 01:55:11
I would use cash or credit card it's cheaper. BTC come's with lots of fee's just for the transaction and to buy I have to use a money already that comes with a fee. I wouldn't hold my money in BTC for any personal money because of the large amount of volatility. I don't want my personal bank account to go down by 50% it can only be used for limited purchases or in the case of purchasing of good with two people exchanging money between two people who rely on two vastly different currencies like china's yen and USD  with there price to price be like 6.19 yen to 1 USD. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 00:21:54
Most BTC is still used for Virtual game items and drugs that has always been the center driver for the reason BTC price rose. Then you add speculative investors that increased volatility. The value has to be driven by some item exchange that has relative value in another currency. Value in currency is usually based upon the basket of goods you can buy with it. Most of those goods are game items and drugs its not some secret. You can hardly buy anything with BTC and the few you can they instantly sell the BTC with some type of fee associated with it which is instantly converted to cash that then goes to vendor. The only items that can be considered are BTC-&gt;Item exchange with no instantaneous conversion to another currency.
@_date: 2018-02-11 17:38:44
They don't create money out of nothing clearly you don't know how monetary policy works. Supply of money is mostly kept up with demand yes they use a small amount for growth current goals are 2%. Also it's not worthless you can exchange it for millions of goods that's what gives money value is the idea you believe it's worth something if it's gold or paper doesn't matter same concept. Money is more stabilized by the price of various goods how they calculate price level increases. People will not be able to grasp non linear monetary value.
@_date: 2018-02-11 18:21:42
There not deflationary new products get introduced  all the time and cheaper means of production and economies of scale. Cost going down does not always mean deflationary depends on factor. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 02:08:56
Etherium, monero or BTC cash is more realistic than BTC. BTC had the first mover advantage but the transaction fee's only become more apparent and the level of mining required just to move transactions. I don't even think Etherium requires mining for a transaction? also there's a cap of BTC meaning it will most like only appreciate. Lots of monetary policy is used for fiat currency to control its value so volatility is greatly decreased. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 15:30:34
Round out my education on the efficienct market hypothesis from Austraian economist? Like I said I knew it has been around since the inception of banking. It wasn't as closely regulated and controllable until the time of the Fed. The price of gold has rose for many reasons many price level changes from inflation. The gold standard is unrealistic do you want to find a gold mine every time you want to create more money? Milton Friedman thought the gold standard was costly and would limit the power of the Fed to do its job and stop banks runs and control monetary policy. Gold is like any other good I would personally rather exchange my money for something more useful