@_author: onlypersoninwyoming
@_date: 2016-02-25 22:30:14
I agree. The concept is completely ridiculous when the volitile nature of bitcoin is taken into account.
@_date: 2016-02-26 04:30:10
Interesting I would have thought that the volitility would be higher than that. Thanks for the info. From my understanding of the new regulation it applies only to bitcoin wallet providers and therefore using Virwox to purchase bitcoin couldn't have legal ramifications for me personally, however, there is always the possibility that I missed something.
 It's also important to note that Virwox would theoretically be more than capable of meeting the regulation criteria as they have a substantial user base, very high service fees, and deal in a wide variety of currencies other than bitcoin. When the amount of Wyoming residents who might be using them to buy and hold bitcoin is taken into consideration, I would say it's possible that they met the criteria without even trying. Seeing as they are a large, well known exchange dealing in bitcoin they would have likely received information on the new regulations along with providers like coinbase.
I have no reason to buy bitcoin at the moment other than for proof of concept, however, I read about the new law and I occasionally make swing trades when it looks like I can make a few bucks. Just wanted the info to be out there as when I did a search nothing helpful came up.
The "workaround" part was referring to an established, relatively well known method for getting around paypal's refusal to handle transactions involving bitcoin, although in that context I understand it would definitely be misinterpreted. My bad.
@_date: 2016-02-25 20:16:19
As someone from Wyoming I can clarify that the law simply makes it harder to obtain bitcoin, as all major sellers I've checked are unwilling to keep the cash value of all sold bitcoin on hand. The only way I've found is the "virwox workaround" which also allows you to indirectly buy bitcoin with paypal. Hope this helps someone.