@_author: onnyong
@_date: 2018-01-20 22:06:38
I think I see your vision. I don't see how that coin would sustain itself unless it continued to be controlled and funded by the USA. Where would people exchange their fiat for coins? It would have to be with the government, if the vision is not to "increase supply". Similarly, do you think the USA would willingly give up control of its monetary supply? So much of the government is built on the premise that the USA has full control of its monetary supply that I don't think the government would create a fork and then just "let it go".
On the other side; a key thing to remember is that the value and security of Bitcoin is in it decentralized protocol, rules and mining network. As I see you noted in your previous replies, there aren't a lot of reasons that people holding crypto would switch to the USA-created coin. The same incentives are at play for miners and those running nodes. Who is going to invest the hundreds of millions of dollars in electricity that it takes to mine bitcoin (collectively) into a coin in which the supply has been "pre-mined" as you envision. Who would run nodes for USA-coin in this ecosystem when they could run nodes for Bitcoin? In both of these categories, I see strong economic incentives for Bitcoin continuing to be preferable.
@_date: 2018-01-25 04:00:18
TIL he's gotten 0.10872641 in tips cumulatively. Noice.
Really wonder how many times I've watched this over the years...and whether that is more or less than the number of times it's been posted in the past week
@_date: 2018-01-20 21:33:51
First, one thing to remember is that many people who purchase Bitcoin do so to purposely take their money out of the control of traditional monetary systems like that in the USA. As time goes on and more and more currencies have to account for long-term financial factors (national debts, inflation, defecits, retracting economies, etc), there are likely to be more people who put their money in Bitcoin as a way to avoid the currency system of an individual country.
If a single government creates a coin that you can exchange in for fiat, they would first have to do an accounting of all the fiat that has been created digitally and physically so that they could guarantee and publicize its total circulation. From there, the government would also have to control and publicize every creation of new monies and its impact on all current coins in circulation. Otherwise, their coin is equivalent to what Venezuela is doing; worthless. I see this level of transparency as a significant barrier for many countries.
In saying the UN would create a coin...I guess you are hypothesizing about a coin that is not controlled by "one government." I think the genius of Bitcoin is that it is already that coin. People all around the world in literally every country already recognize Bitcoin as a store of value becuase it is not controlled by one government (see; adoption in every country, even in places where it is banned or heavily regulated). The scenario you are envisioning is happening "years down the line" and at that point people would have a choice between trading in their fiat for Bitcoin or UN-coin. I think in that scenario Bitcoin seems truly backed by no government. UN-coin seems like it would have to compete with every country creating their own coin as well; given how straining creating the Euro currency zone has been I think getting buy-in on a global coin could be even tougher.
@_date: 2018-01-20 23:43:22
I will admit I am not familiar with the India scenario but I believe that was for very low-dollar amounts. If we're talking about citizens of the US, keep in mind that most USD is held in banks or as debt, in both cases digitally (and doesn't actually exist to "trade in"). People use credit cards that deduct from digital accounts, switching all of that money over to crypto will be easy - the exchange problem for governmetns looking to create their own coin is with hard fiat. There is no way to know how much hard cash is out there...and how willing those holding it will be willing to exchange, especially within a certain time frame. Many people holding large amounts of cash could be technophobic, other governments using it as a secondary monetary supply, criminals who know they would be asked questions on exchange, and so on. Even just physically, so much money is held and used outside of the United States that it has to be nearly impossible for the government to estimate up front how many coins to create and what the value of each should be. The defense department of the US had $21 trillion in unaccounted spending from 1998-2015...who knows what other factors could influence the actual amount of USD out there. So, I guess for me, the heart of that issue is I just can't believe that the coin could be issued up front at a stable rate. There can't just be a single time to trade currency in; the system would have to account for constant inflows of fiat/new USD-coins, which goes against the implemenation of the consensus rules of Bitcoin. The heart of Bitcoin is no inflation or inflow of new coins.
Regarding mining: Miners will eventually be supported completely by transaction fees on the chain that is being mined. So, miners will always pick what is economically most profitable and it truly becomes a matchup of Bitcoin vs. this new USD-coin. My argument is that the worldwide network of all countries will have more faith in Bitcoin than in the USD-coin.
Source on 21 trillion figure: 
@_date: 2018-02-04 02:52:25
