@_author: onurpekdemir
@_date: 2017-12-21 00:24:52
Why do I even have to DO something with my money in the first place? I've bought my BTC from money which was "rotting away" on my bank account (and therefore losing value over the years).
I didn't spend that money because I was not ready to use it for something I wanted. But it was there and I knew it was stored away safely and warm on my bank account. Now I believe it's stored safely and warm on the blockchain where I can access it from almost anywhere on the planet.
To be honest: I was thinking about buying a Harley Davidson with that money for a while (crashed my old bike some years ago). Now that my hard earned money is stored in Bitcoins, pretty much nothing has changed (ok, it's acutally a lot more money now) - If I wanted to buy me a Harley tomorrow, I could easily sell as much BTC as I need for good old Euros ... and go and f**king buy it.
I don't understand why everyone is overcomplicating the whole idea so much. Yeah, I probably can't go to a Harley Dealer and pay directly with BTC ... but would I care?! Nope.
Having my money in Bitcoin (the real one, BTC, not BCash though) gives me a safe feeling. The technology behind BTC is maintained by a lot of talented and intelligent people and the future is looking bright for this technology (LN, you name it). 
And I'm willing to accept the teething problems as long as I can continue to trust the developers and the community that are successfully keeping this thing safe for such a long time.
BCash has proven pretty much nothing so far IMHO. They've stolen the name, the logo and they're trying to convince people to be part of a centralized, uninspired and probably badly maintained system - which is pretty much the exact opposite of what Satoshi Nakamoto was trying to achieve, as far as I can tell. Great achievement. Oh, yeah: Thanks for your initial promotion work, Roger. But maybe BTC would have made it to the throne anyways. And maybe you're now causing much more damage than you could ever done good for the project in the past.
I'm going to hodl my BTC as long as possible and continue to use my Euros or Credit Card for daily stuff until Bitcoin eventually &amp; hopefully surpasses these technologies. Maybe it won't be Bitcoin but another incarnation of Satoshis vision - and I really hope that I will never have to support Vers poisonous Project that has done and is doing so much harm to the whole idea of cryptocurrencies right now. New people are scared away from the whole crypto ecosystem because of this crap. I know it. Friends keep asking me what it's all about and they don't like the answers (understandably). This is like a civil war ... which tends to be very bad for all participants in the long term.
@_date: 2017-11-29 16:13:36
What exactly are you talking about? Which exchanges are going down? Am I missing something here?
@_date: 2017-11-28 02:21:18
That doesn't sound very good, to be honest. Here's an article explaining how to move your Google Authenticator to a new device:
Unfortunately it sounds like you've made a reset on the old phone ... and that would most likely render the above solution useless I guess. Not having the recovery phrases for the account(s) stored inside the old Authenticator is even worse. :-( Wishing you good luck, man!