@_author: oojayer
@_date: 2017-12-06 21:53:43
No, IOTA plans on having so many hundreds of transactions so that it can secure the network. Right now there are not enough IOTA transactions so they have the coordinator in place...IOTA is completely centralized from what I have been reading so far. It has not even tried to test out what its main purpose is. If it works, then yes it may just solve the scaling problem...but that will be difficult to get rolling.
@_date: 2017-12-06 03:27:21
Right but LN is not the be all end all replacement. I believe LN is targeted for small...er types of purchases/transactions. Maybe up to $500, $600, or $1k. There is no limit really, but considering LN is offchain and does not have AS MUCH (it is still very secure) security as the blockchain (especially Bitcoin of other cryptos) you would still want to do large transactions on the blockchain over LN for security reasons. 
I think LN is to solve the coffee, vending machine, gasoline, etc. types of purchases. Things that need to be quick and cheap, whereas paying rent can take 10min-1 hour and have a $1-2 fee, in which Bitcoin's current blockchain is currently acceptable for that. 
I think Bitcoin is always going to have some type of scaling issue, Litecoin will as well but Litecoin far less than Bitcoin because of how blocks are found 4 times faster...as someone pointed out, it is basically like 4x the amount of transactions than Bitcoin because in 10 minutes Litecoin will have processed 4 blocks whereas Bitcoin would have only processed 1 block. If each block at 1MB holds 8txs (I think that is accurate?) then in 10min Bitcoin will do 8txs and in 10min Litecoin will do 32txs....that's significant, take it to an hour and Bitcoin will do 48txs whereas Litecoin will do 192txs....that is even more significant. I believe part of the reason the Bitcoin network is so much more secure than other cryptos is not only because of the high hashing power, but also because blocks take a whopping 10minutes to be solved.
Even with what I said, Bitcoin will do nicely, and we need LN because it will help decongest the network A LOT and solve the problem of buying from vending machine, coffee, groceries, gas, parking, etc.
@_date: 2017-12-05 21:32:19
Blocksize is not the only solution...blocktime also. If blocks are found faster than 10min...say 2.5min like Litecoin, then you can support 4x the amount of blocks in the same amount of time.
Litecoin is going to have Bitcoin's LN and other features, but with a shorter blocktime. Time will tell.
@_date: 2017-12-06 21:52:13
As much as we hate to say it...cryptocurrencies can not scale then? At least cryptocurrencies that are similar to Bitcoin? 
Even Ethereum with its 15s blocktimes is having trouble with that cat game that came out?
I am sick of having to speculate, I hope we can see what LN will exactly bring us.
@_date: 2017-12-06 17:21:09
Litecoin and at least Vertcoin will be helpful to Bitcoin as you're basically spreading out all of the load from one blockchain onto 3. Litecoin and Vertcoin both have 4x the capacity of Bitcoin. Let's say our current 1MB block can hold 8txs. In one hour Bitocoin will have processed 48txs whereas Litecoin and Vertcoin will have processed 192txs. Bitcoin is great right now and will be even greater with Lightning Network, but if mass adoption or even a large influx does occur, we may still be in trouble and I would much rather have a coin similar to Bitcoin, in both ethics and development, exist to help with the congestion than to raise the Bitcoin blocklimit higher and higher.
@_date: 2017-12-05 21:30:19
Hearing about it from r/btc is exactly why you've only heard bad things. It defeats a large purpose for Bitcoin Cash to exist.
LN is heavily detailed and involved, someone can give a better explanation than I ever could and I have read some good ones on reddit already. In short an quick, it is intended for small scale transactions, there is no real physical limit but since it isn't on the main chain you wouldn't want to do a $10k transaction on LN, you could but much safer to use the blockchain. LN also allows you to collect your coins AND the other person's coins if they try to do something shady.
@_date: 2017-12-13 19:07:47
The only downside I see is that you have to prepare funds ahead of time when opening a LN channel. For example, if you buy coffee every day you would need to put in enough money for the whole week. If you run out of funds, you have to close the channel, put in new funds, and then open a channel again with the coffee shop. 
Every time a channel is opened/closed it makes a transaction on the blockchain, one for opening and one for closing. You will still have to deal with Bitcoin's highish fees, this is why it is good we have Litecoin and now even Vertcoin to help balance out the load.
@_date: 2017-08-07 18:39:55
What gives something value is completely made up, same with the US dollar at this moment. If you and somebody else agree that a piece of gum wrap can be used as a form of payment then it works. However, its only useful between you and that other person, and its completely worthless by anyone else. Thats what bitcoin is, the piece of gum wrap....but as more and more people accept it it can become like fiat is where it is accepted by everyone.
The difference here is like you said, the ecosystem or tech of bitcoin is what gives it value, whereas the grum wrap may be the fact that it is shiny or some bs.
@_date: 2017-08-01 16:20:39
Hahaha funny
@_date: 2017-08-01 14:45:23
What? The people who want BCC are "right" the people who don't want BCC are afraid they might be "right" so as you say, they are protecting their interests to make sure BCC can't become "right".
@_date: 2017-11-17 17:39:11
In terms of divorce, depending on the state, but more often than not if you acquired the Bitcoin (and can prove it) before you were married then she would not be entitled to anything (although you converting to fiat and it becomes income I wonder if that fiat income is considered marital property...it probably is, so best bet is to do what others were saying and not cash out all of your BTC, or speak to a lawyer, set up a trust or some crap idk but, a way that the FIAT is yours but your name is hidden from it).
Maybe you should raise up some questions with her, if you had $1mil or if you won $500k or something. what would you do with it? Let her speak, and then you give your opinion on how you would spend your money etc.. From reading your OP you seem to know what to do/limitations of money, $1.8m is a lot but really...it isn't enough to live off off unless you put $800k or $500k in a risky stocks investment and can earn 12% interest every year. 
I think since you have $1.8mil which is a decent enough amount, you could buy a house for $300k-$350k and still have 1.5mil left where you can put 100k, 200k, 300k, or even 500k in a riskier investment so you can make some extra thousand at the end of the year. Maybe try and figure out how much being able to own a house would mean to her, if it means a lot and you want to do it, tell her you saved up enough BTC for that house you two have always wanted and don't tell about the rest. Idk for sure.
I think what you should try and make her realize if you do tell her about all of it, or even just in general terms, that it is much better to not spend it all at once, but put it in investments and make a few thousand off of it, and once you guys pass away, you children will get that money and can earn interest off of it, and keep passing it on to their children, etc.
@_date: 2017-11-19 01:33:35
I wasn't sure, was hoping for some feedback. We gotta get on this marketing thing and get Bitcoin more adoption. Maybe we have to start marketing to business leaders...could they legally pay their employees in Bitcoin? If so, that should easily get the biggest adoption because if people are still being paid in USD then we still need to go through the step of using USD to buy BTC.
@_date: 2017-11-12 00:54:29
1MB to 2MB is probably insignificant but whatever lets do it. Another year from now, hey guys we are getting more adoption and transactions, lets bump the block to 3MB so we can be prepared. So forth and so forth, before we know it we have 10MB or 100MB blocksizes. That certainly adds to the size of the blockchain, yes? More resources are required also. I think it is about the exponential growth. We have no clue where crypto is going and how big it can be. 
I certainly think it is not wrong to bump it up a mb or two but once you set that precedent you can get more zealots like the ones we have now wanting even bigger increases. That dude andreas whatever how you spell his name, made a video on really how big the blocksize would have to be to be able to compete with systems like visa, and that would required easily over a 100mb. That is seriously bad. Bitcoin with its 1MB blocksize has a 160gb blockchain already, imagine if the blocksizes were 100mb each..I think it would be well over 160gb by now.
@_date: 2017-11-22 18:30:48
Ahh, that is perfect! In short, if Bitcoin was controlled by one big supercomputer, this type of system would theoretically work? However, because of Bitcoin's decentralized nature it would not work.
@_date: 2017-11-12 01:32:24
Those Lightning Network GUI programs look really neat, this one in particular 
I think in the future, the bitcoin core should work on lightning integration in the official wallet...or hopefully electrum does it.
@_date: 2017-11-08 17:18:39
Why is this on LinuxFoundation? How can we confirm authenticity?
@_date: 2017-11-18 21:31:56
There are still 30k backlogged transactions though? Is that just a normal day for bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-11-17 17:44:06


...but this is Bitcoin we are talkin-


Ahh I see you know already.
@_date: 2017-11-16 23:20:13
I see here  and there are 59k transactions that are backlogged. If I go and request to withdraw, my tx will be one of those that are backlogged, yes? Is there any way to know how long mine will take? How long the average backlogged transaction is taking?
@_date: 2017-11-12 04:32:29
Certainly, I think LN will be here by 2019. I read a post today saying they are doing some testing and testing was at 90%. Even then though when LN comes out we still need to wait for an easy to use software to come out such as a GUI program for LN and hopefully electrum integrates it as a feature in the wallet.
I think it is beneficial for us to continue holding out for LN for another year...at most two years. Let's say we wait for another year and we get LN. We see how that works, if somehow LN is not enough (if it isn't we are fucked lol but I am almost sure it will certainly be enough) then we have to bump up the block size, no ifs and or butts....and other coins with faster block times (Litecoin, vertcoin) may become more popular.
@_date: 2017-11-18 23:57:15
Banks for sure will still exist and make out loans for bitocoin. Although, the main difference is that with Bitcoin they can't loan out money that they don't have like they do with the dollar. Someone can go and deposit $500 in a bank and a bank will also lend those $500 to another person. The bank is supposed to have $1000 in total, $500 in case that first guy decides to withdraw his money and another $500 to give to the person taking out a loan. That second $500 that the bank is loaning doesn't exist and I believe they expect to get that $500 and more from the person paying off the loan that has interest on it, though I am not entirely sure. 
Anyway, with Bitcoin or any cryptocurrency protocol, you can not give someone 10BTC when your address only contains 5BTC because the protocol does not allow it. Therefore, banks will be limited to lending money they actually have and we won't have crazy collapses when too many people don't pay back their loans....at least I think? 
Although, I suspect banks could just easily create some kind of token that is representative of BTC and trick people? Though again if you wanted to use that token for purchases then there will need to be a lot of places that accept that token and the token would have a blockchain that would not allow Banks to give more tokens than they have......though if the banks are the creators of the token currency they could allow themselves in the protocol/software to generate more coins...and we are stuck in the spiral again. In short, whatever cryptocurrency becomes mass adopted it is important it have a fixed amount.
Seriously though, couldn't a bank still just create their own cryptocurrency and when someone deposits BTC they'd exchange it with their tokens and then they could still have the power to lend as many tokens as they want?
@_date: 2017-11-19 17:51:57
I never said they print money, I said they give out more money than they have. This can't be done with Bitcoin, they would need to create some token that is representative of Bitcoin but then that token would be worthless unless stores and virtually everywhere else that accepts BTC also accepts this token (imagine BTC becomes widely accepted by lots of merchants/people/stores). Think about it, banks can do this with USD because there is no system verifying they actually have the money they have. If a bank has 100 BTC and tries to go send 100BTC to Person A and another 100BTC to Person B they can't...that would be a double spend which Bitcoin has solved to not allow. Could they just fake give someone BTC? Sure, the bank can make it show that their account contains 100BTC but when they try to go use it on something the blockchain will be there to tell that person that this can't be done because you don't actually posses 100BTC. This is the reason why blockchain is so powerful.
@_date: 2017-11-18 21:33:57
Where do you guys see this? I select Rewards Savings and put in my zip code and do not see anything about $60?
@_date: 2017-10-30 02:31:40
How did you go about finding him? Did you write a letter or e-mail?
@_date: 2017-10-30 13:59:09
Hey I found this page  was this the site to find your congressman? This looks like this is for house of representatives? Isn't that after if the bill gets passed?
@_date: 2017-10-23 05:13:27
I am watching this video  and I think I understand proof of work. The block is signed off and then the difficulty is that you have to find a special number that will make the block have x amount of zeros in the beginning of the hash or something yes? That is proof of work right?
Help me out here. We have a block, somebody finds the special number. Okay now what? That is 1 confirmation? So now there is a new block that has that block's previous hash included. Other people on the network should also be mining this new block that has the same previous block's hash. If there is a difference then that means somebody is faking stuff and because the majority of people on the network have more power, the person doing shady stuff can't keep up with new blocks containing his fake block and so his fake chain does not get picked up?
EDIT: How can a miner find a block faster than somebody else? Wouldn't that mean he has more of the network's hashrate/power? Is it true but only up to a certain extent where it is unsafe? What happens if multiple people mine the same block?
@_date: 2017-10-17 05:33:00
Yeah they can patch this. Practically all Linux distros already have a patch out. What was affected was a library called wpa_supplicant version 2.4 and up. OpenWRT is Linux so it just has to merge that in if it uses that library. Though I don't think routers are considered clients so routers may not even be affected.
@_date: 2017-10-30 02:47:25
Did you write something very long or short or in between? Give a one or two sentence intro to crypto or just asked about the bill?
@_date: 2017-10-04 22:33:37
Even with a hardware wallet you still use your computer to log into your exchange, email, bank account etc.
Everyone would be much better off if they had a hardware wallet and used something like CentOS/Ubuntu/Alpine Linux whenever they need to log into any exchanges or bank accounts or anything that they care about. With a hardware wallet your bitcoins are safe for sure and that's all that is important really. Your extra stuff is just as important though.
@_date: 2017-10-23 05:33:55
That was a very good explanation, really, by far. I don't think I have seen any explanations including nodes. I always only hear about miners and that is it.
So, nodes only verify that the a block meets its consensus requirements and NOT whether that block is fake. Whether the block is fake is a gamble right? The nodes don't know that, nobody does, we are just relying on the longest chain? Say we have the original chain and fake chain with fake blocks. If someone with the fake chain can keep adding blocks faster than the original chain, than once the fake chain has more proof of work or blocks then the nodes will adopt this fake chain and throw out the other chain? Say the blockchain today has 500 blocks. Would the person with their fake chain have to have more than 500 blocks for the nodes to accept it or just create new blocks at a faster rate than original chain?
@_date: 2017-10-23 05:23:00
I know quantum computers don't exist I just wanted to use that as an example for something very powerful.
What would happen if a miner made a fake block, was able to mine it, and then able to mine the next proceeding ones? That would simply mean he has 51% of the hashrate right? So it seems as 
Hmmm I think I am still confused by what "confirmations" are. Say I have my transaction in block A. My transaction is unconfirmed until someone mines that block. Someone mines it, I have 1 confirmation and now another confirmation would mean that someone mined the proceeding block and that proceeding block had the previous block that had my transaction in it right? The number of 6 confirmations is sort of a "safe" estimate? What would happen if someone made a fake transaction (like saying they gave me BTC) and was able to mine the block and the next 5? I would see 6 confirmations....that would only be possible for a short while and that he would have more than 51% of hash power right?
It seems like that 51% solves a lot of issues.
@_date: 2017-10-30 03:34:28


Are you certain? I don't think it is the case for Bitcoin because everywhere I have looked all I see is BTC is considered property so it follows capital gains and ANY gain or loss needs to be reported. Also that purchasing is considered buying/selling where'd you have to report any gains or losses you made from the time you acquired the Bitcoin and the time you used it to purchase something.
So ATM you have to pay capital gains anytime you use Bitcoin to buy anything but this bill would exempt $600 purchases. Idk tbh, I think this bill is a good starting point to maybe expanding laws that might happen in the future. Idk how foreign currency is treated in US need to go look that up but maybe that could be possible for Bitcoin in the future.
@_date: 2017-10-30 03:49:48
That would probably be the best for Bitcoin....though I do like the thought of only 10% or 15% (whatever it is I forget) for long term capital gains tax lol. Though I think cryptocurrencies can really fit their definition if they are treated like foreign currency and not property. Only time will tell I guess.
@_date: 2017-10-17 05:22:45
This article is so wrong and stupid I am infuriated. This is not a vulnerability in WPA2. It is a vulnerability in the wpa_supplicant version 2.4 package/library used by many Linux and Android systems.
Almost all major Linux OS have issued a patch as well as OpenBSD and the current Android version that is affected is Android 6 and up. If you're on Windows or Mac or iOS or below Android 6 you are fine. We don't know how long the patch will take to reach Android 6+ because first it has to go through Google and then through whatever shitty modified Android version your phone could be running if you're on stupid carriers like Verizon.
@_date: 2017-10-23 06:07:23
Hmm now I am a bit confused. I thought the node consensus only checks if that hash number is the right number that gives a certain amount of zeros for the block, so to speak? However, that would also mean that the previous block's hash would be in this block.
So what exactly is the validation? I think I am missing a key factor here that is not allowing me to understand what is going on. My logic was that if someone is abe to have a chain with a larger proof of work than another chain, then the nodes will accept the chain with the larger proof of work? I
I think I need to go Google what Bitcoin nodes do. Thanks for the help, I will probably be able to understand better as I keep reading over and over.
@_date: 2017-10-30 04:33:04
Someone commented about the halving. So how does it work? Is there a consensus or does it just happen per the bitcoin software?
@_date: 2017-10-23 05:25:14
So it is a mix of "luck" and of having more computing power to being the one to mine the block first, but not too much computing power where the person has over 50% of the hash rate right?
How is this being checked ATM? How do we make sure no entity ever reaches the point of obtaining over 50% of the hash power? Couldn't someone rich enough buy a bunch of ASICs? Even if they did obtain over 50% of the hashing power....wouldn't they have to start from the very first block of Bitcoin or just mine enough blocks where they have more than the original chain?
I'll definitely check out the site but since you are here and I am flowing with questions I have to ask lol.
@_date: 2017-07-18 22:25:00
@_date: 2017-07-24 06:06:45
Holy fuck this is going go be a shit show in the next few months until November. There will be BTC and BCC....and then in November the chance for yet another fork? Fucking hell I wanted to invest in BTC but I might as well wait until November at this point.
@_date: 2017-07-03 19:40:50
Ohh so, when I used that site (bitaddress.org) it gave me a private key as well as an address. Aren't the two tied together? So would I use one of those client programs you listed, import my private key and then create a new address?
@_date: 2017-07-03 21:07:58
Mycelium seems like it is from bitcoin is bread wallet also? Also, are these apps easy as in, I just enter in the address/private key of one and then the address of another and I am good to go? I am trying out both atm.
edit: are these mobile only? Are there any desktop programs? Has nobody officially from the bitcoin team created a simple program to transfer BTC from one address to another? Really? D:
Edit: Ahh electrum is one of them!
@_date: 2017-07-24 13:38:30
Hello, do you know which exchanges are going to support BCC?
@_date: 2017-07-04 15:22:48
So how come people were saying BTC is gonna be two coins by August 1st, were they wrong? Was it really November 1st? Sorry I just still don't fully understand.
@_date: 2017-07-04 02:21:35
No I know that nobody owns bitcoin, that's the same principle for Linux, nobody owns linux as its open source. Although for both projects there was a single person that started it all in the beginning. There is a no need for a standard wallet but it's peace of mind, I read something early in June about Jaxx using weak encryption or something to encrypt the 12 word passprhase thing. Other issues may arise, how do you know if a wallet program you're using is not tracking any of information, check the source code sure if it's open source (I think all are) but it's just sort of a peace of mind that's all.
@_date: 2017-07-26 22:18:52
I don't fully agree with him saying phone OS is the most secure operating system, a lot of carriers don't update the android version on most phones and they are severely outdated but I get that this video is for the masses so it is true.
Otherwise though, a proper linux distribution like Alpine Linux or CentOS with LUKS disk encryption will be your best bet. For portability you can get a Raspberry Pi and use whatever distro is available and encrypt your / partition.
@_date: 2017-07-03 19:42:36
I can go to bitaddress.org and just make a new one? Why am I given a private key then? Isn't the address and private key tied together?
This is where I am getting somewhat confused as to how this works. When I went on to Coinbase and looked at "Receive" all it wanted me to type was an address, doesn't this mean other people could take my coins if they know my address? Obviously it doesn't or else it would be happening but I am confused.
@_date: 2017-07-03 20:36:32
Hmm, I think I was getting confused with how Coinbase has "Send/Request".
Okay so simply sending BTC to someone, I just need their public address. However, what happens if I want to take someone's BTC? Then I would need their private key, right?
Abstracting it completely, if I want to send BTC to someone, I would enter in my private key as the "source" and then the other person's public address as the "destination", right? However when using something like Coinbase, Coinbase already enters the private key for you without you even seeing it/making it completely transparent, is that how it works?
@_date: 2017-07-26 23:26:39
No? That is why I only mentioned Android as being the secure one, its open source. However, despite Android being the secure one, carriers tend to delay the updates on their phones.
To be frank I am not quite sure if it is for example, Samsung, takes android and adds their own additions, and/or Verizon further takes Samsung's android and add their own additions. This gives you two layers that you need to wait for updates. You need to wait for Samsung to push an update for your phone and then you need to wait for your carrier to push it through as well...strange.
@_date: 2017-07-03 20:28:36
Okay and if I were to do the manual process of going to bitaddress.org and generating the new keys and transferring myself, would I pay a fee? First off, how would I do that? I would need a client of some sort or use Coinbase (coinbase has network fee though)?
The issue I have is that I use multiple different operating systems, Windows/Linux/FreeBSD daily and having to get Jaxx installed all of them would be annoying and I am not sure if Jaxx stores everything per local device or it just grabs everything from the blockchain...again I am still new to this. Though talking with you is clearing up a lot of things, thank you.
@_date: 2017-07-03 21:15:46
I am trying out electrum, hopefully it works the way I want it to.
@_date: 2017-07-16 14:10:15
Sometimes with reading you don't fully understand, you still need someone with knowledge to help you out by answering questions.
@_date: 2017-07-03 20:12:55
Well, I preferred the way that I was doing it initially, without having to use any client programs/confusion that is Jaxx right now. I am trying Jaxx, it seems I can only transfer the funds from the address I made previously, which I think means it will send all of my currency in the address I made using bitaddress.org into Jaxx's wallet and it will deplete whatever was in the bitaddress.org I made. That seems rather cumbersome and then pointless for me to even keep that bitaddress.org address that I made...I am not a fan of using these external programs, even if it is open source, I trust bitaddress.org and other similar sites a bit more because it only require a web browser (I can download the code and run it locally) unlike these client programs which are programs and have a lot of code, sure it is open source but I think you get my point?
I still do not fully understand how all of this works....if I want a new address without having to use any of these client programs, would I just constantly go to the bitaddress.org and get the new private/public keys (so to speak) and then transfer the from my current address to the newly generated keys? If so, this is making a bit more sense to me....and that is very cumbersome indeed, so Jaxx is supposed to essentially do all of this for me, yes? 
So to clarify, Jaxx is the "wallet" and when I ask it to give me a new addresse, it is basically doing the manual process of generating a new public/private key and moving the funds from one public key to another? Isn't there a fee when doing this?
@_date: 2017-07-04 15:56:45
I'm hoping for some kind of temporary price drop. Would the events leading to August 1st cause some? So far from that article it seems Segwit is going to reach august 1st because it said 80% had signalled support but I believe we need 95% at least?
@_date: 2017-07-10 03:14:29
I created my bitcoin address using bitaddress.org and my BTC is on there, would this mean I would be safe? If BTC splits into two my private key would work on both of the splits or only the original BTC?
@_date: 2017-07-16 15:42:36
I think because they believe in the long run with every drop BTC will rise up and be worth even more. Problem is nobody knows if that will happen.
@_date: 2017-07-03 19:56:34
That is what I thought but Coinbase did not specify "private key" just "address", the same exact text that shows up when sending so that is why I was confused.
Sending can be done through public key/address but receiving has to be done through the private key. That makes a lot more sense. Coinbase is confusing.
@_date: 2017-07-16 15:13:58
Bitcoin only though right? I don't have to worry about ltc or eth getting affected?
Whyd I get down voted for asking a question?
@_date: 2017-07-06 06:07:02
So say someone has some disposable income and wants to take risks in both legacy btc and 148btc (if they split) how would one bug legacy btc?
@_date: 2017-07-03 19:55:45
Yeah I saved the private key, I understand how encryption works to an extent, like how you set up HTTPS for a website. Anyway, these wallet programs that make a key with the 12 word seed are probably stronger than the key that I generated as it has no password? Or no?
Would you recommend I start over and use one of those programs? Or to use something like Jaxx and just import the key and then get a new address generated (if that is how it works, currently downloading/trying some of these programs).
@_date: 2017-07-07 15:00:18
But I mean when it separates, because I am imagining the price will drop somewhat so I could get more coins for less, right?
@_date: 2017-07-03 19:17:35
I used bitaddress.org to generate an address...am I stuck?
@_date: 2017-07-03 23:32:13
I always hear about Bitcoin Core, don't people work on that? Like here  what I meant was whether or not nobody from bitcoin core has developed a wallet program/app, in that case, if the app is made by the same developers it could be considered "official".
Confusing to me is every "wallet" application is entirely different, you have some that use that weird 12 passphrase thing and some that don't, they are made by different people, etc. then you also have online wallets...come on, it is a bit confusing, and I work with servers linux/freebsd, mail servers, etc. if I find it a bit confusing I can't imagine how much more confusing the average person finds it.
@_date: 2017-07-07 01:10:01
I meant 148btc sorry, how would I able to buy that? I doubt coinbase or other exchanges would put it up quickly?
@_date: 2017-07-18 21:33:37
Seriously, people are saying 79%, 87%, pulling numbers out the ass, just sticky a  link to this subreddit so we can stop getting bullshit posts.
@_date: 2017-06-26 19:47:21
You just don't make sense to me. At the end of the day if you want to use your private key you need to hook that shit up to a computer. Would you rather hook it up to a Windows PC that you use every day? Or would you rather hook it up to a PC or RPI...note....not a RANDOM PC, I never said that. I explicit said a PC set up for security, not connected to the internet, and running something like CentOS or Alpine Linux or even QubesOS. So again, would you rather hook up your HW wallet like Trezor to a PC that runs windows and that you use everyday and probably visit many sites on or a PC/RPi that I described above that is only used for the purpose of doing cryptocurrency related things. You're going to say the latter, which in that case, what is even the point of investing so much money in a HW wallet if you still need to invest in a secure computer you're going to eventually connect it onto? 
I seriously don't believe you know what you're talking about. If you encrypt your /home or even / partition with LUKS like done here  you completely mitigate any possible type of attack on the PC while it is turned off. There is nothing a person can do except take the hard drive out from your computer and try to brute force which would take years. When the computer IS RUNNING and connected to the internet, you have a chance at vulnerability but using a security focused distro like Alpine linux will almost give you almost a 0 chance at getting something, also using something like NoScript on your browser. On top of that, you encrypt the private key file using gpg and you keep it in the root home folder so that while the machine is running if an attack does get through the browser, your private key file is encrypted and in root partition so the attacker would need to get root access and even then they would need to brute force the private key file....which would take another set of years.
Downvote me again for knowing what I am talking about. Seriously, it is pointless to invest in a HW wallet if you're going to some day connect it to a possible vulnerable PC that could be looking at your screen.
@_date: 2017-06-25 16:55:57
Let me see if I can wrap my head around this.
So, let's say BTC tanks and I want to buy some immediately. I have no money in coinbase, only my bank, so I buy the bitcoins using my bank account and then after 3 or 4 days or however long it takes I will get the coins for the amount I paid? Or would I need to wait for the ACH to transfer in order to buy the bitcoins or is there some kind of delay? Also, what would happen if during the ACH is going the price of btc goes back up? Would I get less btc or does it stay locked?
@_date: 2017-06-26 15:13:41
If your partition is encrypted with a strong password the only vulnerability there is is either the preson takes the device or they try a brute force, which would take years, and if they brute force the partition somehow, they still need to go and find and brute force the encrypted private key.
When you are talking about physical access to something there is no point in talking about vulnerabilities because your device can just be taken from you and you just lost your key, regardless if the person can access it your key is gone.
@_date: 2017-06-26 15:03:08
Hey, maybe you put it on an old PC that isn't connected to the Internet...ever thought about that?
At some point you need a level of trust, you use your PC to log into your exchange and your bank account don't you? You guys aren't making sense and overparanoid. If you put your shit on an old PC running something like CentOS or Alpine, disconnect it from the Internet, encrypt the private key, and encrypt the partition you are good to go. Whatever vulnerabilities exist in which you have physical access to the machine is pointless because if you have physical you are fucked because a person can destroy or take the device regardless of being able to access it. If the drive is encrypted it's practically impossible to access it unless with a brute force which if you put a strong password, would take years.
You're so worried about vulnerabilities stealing your keys but no vulnerabilities getting access/spying you logging into your exchage or bank account or email, that's perfectly safe right? It isn't. Yet you are completely fine using it. You're more likely to encounter a vulnerability from using your browser then operating your desktop and having it connected to the Internet.
EDIT: it's funny how I get down voted when I probabaly have a much better understanding of computer security and vulnerabilities than any of you. 
@_date: 2017-06-26 15:47:32
Except with a hardware wallet, like Trezor, you still need to hook it up to a machine. What machine are you hooking this up to? Probabaly the same machine that use everyday, that you download stuff on, that you use to browse the Web on, and that is probabaly running Windows.
Would you rather access your Trezor/HW wallet on a machine like the one you use everhday or a machine that almost rarely gets used and is rarely connected to the Internet, is running a linux distro like CentOS or Alpine linux which have security measures like MACs and compile options to prevent any zero day vulnerabilities.
Look, at the end of the day, you need trust. You trust the computer you're using to log into emails and bank accounts but then evetyone says not to store your private key on your computer? So that right there is already iffy/hypocritical point on how much we really look at our security. The best way to go from there is to set up a separate machine like I stated above, and then to just keep your key on that machine. You can set up a virtual machine which is how you'd access the Web on that machine, an OS like QubesOS would be good.
What is the point of buying a device like a Trezor if you're just going to hook it up to a vulnerable machine? Kinda see what I am getting at? 
@_date: 2017-06-29 22:04:29
It's FDIC insured isn't it? So they will have an obligation at least.
@_date: 2017-07-24 06:16:59
Please clarify for me it is confusing. So far I heard BCC is coming about around Aug 1st, now I hear there's BitcoinABC but I am not sure when it is arriving. Then in November there is supposed to be another possibility of a fork of another coin that I don't know the name. Is bitcoinABC the coin that I've heard would cone about in November?
@_date: 2017-06-24 13:50:53
I dont care so much about fees atm, moreso that I've read coinbase has a limit as to how many coins you can purchase and they also frequent shut down your account if you try to buy/sell a lot at once as it is considered high risk? Is any of this true?
@_date: 2017-06-29 18:47:37
I just wasn't sure if it this was sub or another crypto coin sub that had a post with something to do with August 1st
@_date: 2017-06-26 15:23:44
Did you read the text? Pretty sure they said they found a way to hack into the Trezors. If you set up a PC or Raspberry pi, whatever kind of machine and encrypt the drive with a strong password  there is no "vulnerability", there is only brute force which would take years.
The only vulnerability exists is when you use the machine and it's practically impossible for you to get a virus this way. You log into your emails and bank accounts on a computer that you use every day that is running windows don't you? When was the last time you got something? I bet you haven't. Now you step up your security by running a distro like CentOS or Alpine, install NoScript on your browser, have a firewall that blocks all incoming access, and your chances of getting something are almost nil. Mind you this is on a PC you rarely use and that is rarely connected to the Internet. If you're that paranoid you wouldn't be logging into your bank accounts or emails online yet youre fine with that, you're far more likely to catch a vulnerability through a Web browser than just from using your desktop even if it's connected to the Internet, CentOS has SELinux and Alpine has grsecurity as well as some other compile options to protect against other possible vulnerabilities far more secure than the windows machine you are running and you've been fine on Windows.
@_date: 2017-06-26 06:44:49
Why is it so hard to just store your shit on an old PC or raspberry pi that encrypts the entire partition? On top of that, encrypt the private key file using 4096 encryption with something like gpg.......keep a bunch of those Pis around your house or something and you're good to go incase one dies or something.
Edit: even a regular old flash drive that is completely encrypted, though that is getting into a more difficult area, or just simply encrypting the private key file like I said and putting it in a flash drive and hiding a few around your house or something.
@_date: 2017-06-25 16:59:13
I don't necessarily care about how long it takes to get my funds, just worried about whether ACH or using straight from the wallet would be faster completing an order.
For example say BTC is $1 and I do bank transfer ACH to buy the BTC but while the transfrr is still pending, BTC goes up to $100....would I lose BTC or is my order locked in?
@_date: 2017-06-26 19:34:52
What happens if the computer your on has remote viewing capabilities and sees the PIN or even the private key when you open it?
That is what I am talking about. Better off using a separated more secure machine, not running Windows, and not one you use for daily things.