@_author: op_cats
@_date: 2018-01-15 23:58:33
After more observations, you may be right.  The deeply involved big blockers in my midst speak very highly of Gavin.  He indeed has a high reputation to this day, even though he has mostly dropped off publicly.
Conversely, when CSW is mentioned, I get a response somewhere between muted laughter and an eye roll.  
As for the less entrenched individuals, while he truly does have an impressive following, to me it seems rooted in a Pascals Wager of sorts.  On one hand, if he is revealed to be Satoshi, they will be able to tell their children about how they were one of the first few thousand followers.  They had selfies taken with him on a video conference while the world ridiculed him.  They were the true believers.  
If at the end of the day it turns out he was a scammer, then they will admit they understood barely anything of what he was saying, but it sure sounded smart.  That and he was enemy number one of the blockstream cabal who nearly killed Bitcoin, and that Newsweek Asian Satoshi guy was fun too.
@_date: 2017-12-05 06:34:41
This is an inspired vision of a true polymath.  Interestingly enough, there is a platform in the process of being created called Polymath.  It seeks to streamline the integration of the old world of equity based fundraising into this new world you are describing.  


It is still unclear to me how this new paradigm you describe is different than, for instance, a small business selling equity.  Is the difference that there isn't a market available to the general public for small business equity?  This sounds more like a government control problem than a tech problem.  Sure the lack of tech in the previous century made it significantly harder, but not impossibly so.  Is it that the tokens don't have voting rights?
What is the line that gets crossed for a token to become money?  Is it the level of liquidity?


Are you referring to *cause* (TARP, QEx) or *effect* ( [new assets]( ) or both?  Are you making a more general statement, saying that when there is fear in the market, asset prices go down and likewise, investment capital dries up?  We have observed this in Bitcoin just recently.  There was an incredible [malaise]( in 2014/2015 as the BTC exchange rate [bottomed out](  Money creation seemed to be a poor business model around that time.  This goes back to what do you mean by money?
@_date: 2017-12-04 04:32:31
The powerful have already carved out an exception like the one you are expecting. Typically it is used for real estate, but I can see it construed to apply to crypto. There are a lot of rules about conversion to cash, but that is specifically being avoided already. My quick reading of it says securities are excluded, but is doesn't say anything about cryptocurrencies.
It would be interesting how a trade to USDT would be classified. Listening to the FUD, apparently there is no contractual obligation for USD redemption. Worse even than that, I would hate to try to explain to my accountant about BitUSD, or NuBits.


I wonder how I can mail something to Poloniex. How do I mail something to EtherDelta?
While a scheme like this wouldn't result in selling when you weren't ready, it would still be an incredible paperwork burden for both the trader and the IRS.
@_date: 2017-12-13 07:33:31
I don't hear much from Gavin lately.  There was that Graphene thing recently he was associated with.  I can see how his lack of a ragequit means he is still lurking.
@_date: 2017-12-12 15:53:27
I had seen him as naturally being a champion of the underdog.  This is exemplified in his famous Iraq embargo video.  Now that Bitcoin has gone bigtime, and he has identified a real pain point in his life, he is following his proclivities to support the little guy.  He is fighting the establishment just like he has done all along.  His followers with similar worldviews also want to fight the establishment.  In the interview the developers are this establishment that buttress his position.  (The bird man also has made a successful political career from courting the little guy.)  His strategy so far has been fairly successful.  If he continued pushing a non-controversial narrative, he wouldn't have quite the following he does, and it would be Andreas on national TV instead of himself.  He is an entrepreneur, and has identified undeserved market niches before.  He seems to be making hay with the current fee market pain.  The problem is he has mistaken a following of discontents for long term support.
I feel way more sorry for Roger than disappointed.  He is being targeted by the same one who defrocked Bitcoin's Bell.  Roger trusts so completely that he even turned down cryptographic proof when offered.  (granted, he may not have been able to detect some block 248 trickery, etc, but he didn't even care to try.)
While Roger has been complaining for years and publicly diversifying, I suspect that he was emboldened by this complete trust.  It was this trust which did the most to push Bitcoin Jesus astray.  


It almost seems like this is the goal.  It is sad to see him driven to such action. This will be a very tough thing for him to do.  So much of his personal brand is tied up with Bitcoin, that if Bitcoin Cash did not have the name Bitcoin in it, then what is the point of bitcoin.com?  Gosh, this might be a quite elaborate plan to acquire a domain.
Is Roger leaving a good move for Bitcoin?  Maybe it is.  Ethereum is able to rapidly change because there isn't too much contention.  Would segwit have activated as fast as CLTV if there wasn't a popular uprising against it?  I do see that infighting can slow advances and upgrades.  Core itself has infighting within its own ranks, but that rarely spills over to public view.  The public outcry for a hard fork has been a big element preventing core from entertaining some of the hard fork ideas from 2015.  Maybe with Roger gone advancement would accelerate.
@_date: 2018-05-12 05:45:51


**"This is a great opportunity for the people to run their businesses unfettered by political whims."**
Something Cobra said a month ago has really resonated with me.  It was the comment that Lightning was a threat to Bitcoin, because it provides scalability to more than just Bitcoin.
The current trajectory, at least in the US, is that dealing in crypto as a business costs far more in accounting effort than it does in revenue.  This is why businesses use Bitpay and the like to sell products in BTC while taking USD.  They don't want to deal with the exchange rate madness.  
Cobra's insight was that when stablecoins exists on the lightning network alongside BTC, I can buy something with BTC, but the merchant will only accept USD pegged coins, my lighting wallet will find a path with a BTC/USD exchange pair in the path.  Both parties get what they want.  
At this point, all bitcoin has going for it is that "greedy fucks" would choose it's monetary policy over any other system's monetary policy.  If they are seeking risk, then more speculative coins would be on the menu.  If they are feeling risk averse, stablecoins are probably more appetizing than BTC.  Third world nations' citizens now have currency controls to keep them storing value in the nation's token.  If they had a choice, they would store value in USD.  Maybe I am overgeneralizing here, but perhaps Bitcoin monetary policy is not at one of these extremes that the populace would alternate between depending on risk appetite.
**"no one has ever hacked the Bitcoin blockchain"**  
I never know how to respond to that.  This is the party line to tow, but there was that time in mid August 2010 with the block 74638 overflow bug.  While it was expunged from the blockchain's history, *Bitcoin was hacked*.  I guess it is easier to say than "Bitcoin hasn't been hacked for nearly 8 years, but we undid the hack, so it's OK now".  This is kind of like making the claim after being mugged, and the bobbies got your purse back, that this is a safe neighborhood since there hasn't been any crime.
@_date: 2018-06-02 16:54:44
None of these articles talking about the pizzas ever go into how he got the 10000 BTC in the first place.  They also don't talk about how it was Satoshi's hand\-wringing which induced him to get rid of the coins in the first place, or that there was a market where they could be unloaded for \~$40.  They also don't talk about the further tens of thousands of bitcoins he mined and bought more pizzas with.
He was the first one to make a GPU miner and was generating blocks at an incredible rate, more than anyone else in the world.  This probably disrupted Satoshi's Xenon Phi plans later on as well, so remembering history through the lens of that conflict seems understandable.  Laslo might also find Satoshi to be a hypocrite, keeping all his coins while Laslo got rid of his for the good of the economy.
All that is talked about was that first purchase.  The later purchases probably fuel incredible regret that he blames Satoshi for.
@_date: 2017-11-23 20:48:37
5) This seems to describe the big block philosophy.  The thought is inflation subsidy will be enough to incentivize miners, with the assumption that the price will double every 4 years (regardless of self harm done to the network).
The assumption is that mining will be run like a public good.  I don't know how the endgame of that philosophy pays for mining.  Perhaps they see themselves as paymasters using anyone can spend timelock transactions to offer bounties.  We are talking about 0.39 bitcoins per block after 5 more halvings.  An easy number for early holders to match. I doubt they see it being turned into a state sponsored public good, with tax money paying for security.
It is not a true public good, since block space is both rivalrous and excludable, but many things in society (ie roads) are run this way already.  It can apply to mining too.
Instead if we think of mining as a cartel, then the block size limit is an unbreakable production quota.  Any other limiting factors are breakable parts of a cartel agreement.  As we have seen throughout history, cartels that can be broken are broken.  It is not in the interest of a minority to abide optional cartel rules if breaking them makes more in the short run.  
However, Bitcoin is different than other cartels, as their competitors do have a veto (orphan policy) over how a minority competitor selects transactions.  While not being an absolute veto, loss aversion is a very powerful force for humans.  It is more traumatic to have mined a block and had it orphaned than to have never mined at all.  That might be enough to keep the cartel together.


Normally in markets that have different consumers with different price sensitivities, some form of price discrimination is used.  The airlines are masters at this, charging radically different prices for how and when a ticket is purchased. The Bitcoin network already price discriminates today.  It discriminates based on time preference.  Paying low ($0.20) fees can take a week or more depending on network conditions.  The impatient pay higher prices.
Can an artificial miner-induced time delay based on fees achieve similar discrimination?  If we are already assuming coordination, then they can collaborate on some delay policy.
What other ways are there to price discriminate in Bitcoin?
In lightning, since an uncooperative channel closeout is a race with your counterparty, then you are risking losing the difference between your current channel balance and the lowest value you ever had in the channel.  This can be a large amount of value to protect, warranting a large fee.  How can miners discriminate on this type of transaction?
@_date: 2017-11-19 02:21:57
Hernias don't care who you are.
@_date: 2017-11-19 02:31:58
What about in your Lotus Exige with a BITCOIN license plate?
@_date: 2017-09-25 01:44:00
Surprisingly, he is an African-American Chinese.
