@_author: openbookexam
@_date: 2019-12-15 13:42:01
Ok.  Y'all are a prickly bunch.
@_date: 2019-12-14 18:36:01
I'm still hesitant, but I appreciate the vote of confidence.  I'm going to do some reading and try to better understand hard(?) wallets.  
Perhaps more research would do me well, but I still can't wrap my head around the idea that the conceptual future that would need Bitcoin wouldn't have the ability to use Bitcoin due to the implied collapse of societal structures.
Thanks again for your input.
@_date: 2019-12-14 18:50:49
I wrote a pretty long response and ended up answering a handful of my own questions...
Reading your last paragraph and considering your first paragraph.  I see Europe with negative interest rates and China's garbage book keeping and began thinking to myself, 


I don't know enough about personally (Hard wallet?) holding bitcoin to feel comfortable with it so I have some researching to do.  Thanks for the write up.
@_date: 2019-12-14 16:52:01
Yea I get it that it has out performed.  I guess I'm asking what benefit does the average Joe get from it.  I'm trying to contemplate the reasoning and actualization of a decentralized crypto currency for general public use.
Why should I invest in a wild wild west coin like Bitcoin when it seems inevitable that a country will utilize it's treasury / central bank to utilize their own block chain.  
The only reason I see is that the risk-reward for an investor is pallatable depending on the day.  That and if I want to buy drugs or organs I guess I could use a Bitcoin but I don't shop in those kinds of black markets.  Outside of that what's the point?
@_date: 2019-12-14 16:31:28
Lurker here - I'm curious - outside of the obvious hope of it increasing in value - Why would one want to own bitcoin?
I understand it is a 'Secure form to store wealth', however I don't consider something as volatile as Bitcoin to hold that title.  If you go the "Fiat will fail" route, the inevitability of societal collapse which would entail the destruction of an electric grid, which would disallow a marketplace to utilize electricity in a manner to access your bitcoins efficiently / easily.  Nor would I see the traders in this apocalyptic marketplace give a flying Mad Max about a digital coin.
Besides buying illicit materials and wanting to have your transactions free of scrutiny (which I admit is a very large incentive) why is it a good idea to have a bitcoin in your portfolio as opposed to a physical piece platinum / gold / silver coin?
@_date: 2019-12-14 17:17:11
I wanted to know what this reddit community thinks, specifically.  Maybe the Daily Discussion wasn't the best place?
Thanks for the consideration and response, however the defensiveness here makes me think that that there isn't a good reason.  I was hoping to be convinced my apprehension was misplaced, not validated.