@_author: operatornormal
@_date: 2017-10-12 05:56:02
Hmm, 
here  is article in finnish about the same event, produced by YLE that is a state-sponsored news agency in Finland. There are 2 interesting points. One is that russians seem to wish to impose tax on miners. Seconds is that government will be trying to block normal citizens from accessing coin exchange websites. 
Blocking access to normal bt client might be interesting as it is a P2P app - there is no coin exchanges yet in P2P space like in  that would be well suited for given purpose.
@_date: 2019-05-15 19:02:20
Sw engineer here. Short answer: yes, but is difficult. 
Having a "virus" or other malware (that steals your keys and passwords and whatnot) inside blockchain is such a lucrative opportunity that many knowledgeable black-hats will try. 
Blockchain is "input data" to BTC nodes, it is well defined and rather easy to check and validate. All decent implementations of BTC nodes/wallet do this and will cope with malformed input. As sw engineer I still have experience from situations where limited and easy input data can wreck havoc in business logic at least in badly designed implementations if attacker is really really clever. BTC nodes are already quite well audited and inspected against this kind of attack but for sure there are still doors not opened. And there will be low quality implementations of bitcoin nodes - each sw product and each sw version comes with its own unique set of bugs. There is another cryptocurrency (not BTC) that allows kind of programming language inside blockchain -&gt; it was already used to program wallets to send funds to attacker. BTC has no such function built-in but again ; it is only humans that design and inspect BTC sw. 
Still, if I were a BTC thief I would not take blockchain as my attack method. There are easier methods like luring users into installing your own modified BTC wallet that does .. unexpected things like in  or simple social engineering to get users to reveal keys of their wallets. 
To minimize damage while having amount of BTC do this:
- Keep bigger amounts of BTC offline - like buy a separate laptop, never connect internets with that device, use only "offline transactions" where you prepare transactions in advance and save them into file in memory stick and use another computer to send them to blockchain. Clunky but safe. Electrum mentioned above can do that. Some hardware wallets too.
- Have "pocket money" wallet where you keep enough BTC for buying bread for your kids - when it is empty, create offline transaction from safe device to add funds into "pocket money" wallet .. if that gets stolen, its no more big deal than having your wallet stolen, versus situation where your whole bank account gets stolen. 
- Don't keep significant BTC  in exchanges, they're websites that can be screwed like any other website, I can do that. 
Naturally "general public" will shun the idea that if they give wallet keys to attacker, lose life savings etc. they just have no easy method of getting it back. In my country there is still no police unit specialized for tracking BTC thieves - there will be but it will take time.