@_author: opsec_king
@_date: 2016-09-09 03:14:05
I just wonder if those 39 words he plans to write and to the Intelligence Officials are possibly words / phrases to generate a BIP32 wallet.
@_date: 2016-09-17 22:05:55
You guys let people deposit with a card and then withdraw in Bitcoin? Really surprised to hear that.
**EDIT**: The answer is no. Just read the FAQ!
So after reading that, why are you retaining his Bitcoin withdraw since he had to have deposited with Bitcoin originally and has nothing to do with a card. It's just odd because if you had a problem or were worried about verification then you should've tried to lock up his money as soon as he deposited funds, not when he went to withdraw. Technically he could've just piled in money from Bitcoin and as long as he never withdrew then you guys wouldn't have had said anything.
Really, you should've froze the account altogether and prevented any future deposits until whatever issue it was had been cleared up. Let's say you had a valid claim with stolen cards, etc. You still can't rob Peter to pay Paul, only a judge and jury can do that. If you had a legitimate concern with this guy, then you should've froze the account because receiving more money from this fellow just compounds the problem and makes it messier. Looks like some overhaul of the AML/KYC policy is needed here.
@_date: 2016-09-17 22:14:22
No way in hell they would pay out winnings to a victim. They'd actually probably laugh and be thankful that the winner used a stolen card so they would not have to pay it out.
I'm just getting really fed up with Bitcoin "businesses" letting people deposit funds and then after the money gets in their account they get jammed up and asked to drop their pants. These "businesses" should require all the bullshit up front before supplying a damn deposit address. I mean shit like this doesn't even happen at banks. You have to verify all your info up front, it's very upfront. If you don't agree or like their policy, then they simply don't give you an account to deposit your money into or pretend like you have a working account there. It's totally ass backward with Bitcoin "businesses".  Everyone catches you with your pants down and tries to scare you and coerce you into just saying bye to your money under the veil of AML/KYC boogie man.
@_date: 2016-09-17 22:22:29
Holy shit. They shouldn't even let you bet more than 0.025 per spin if it isn't allowed. The reason they even let you do it is proof that they are scumbags just coercing you out of your hard earned money so they can turn around and say sorry for your loss.
What a sketchy ass deceptive site. I'll finish this informal complaint and follow up with a formal, this is too much.
@_date: 2016-09-17 22:20:13
Fly by night sketch balls with re-branded software. They talk about AML/KYC but god knows how many laws they're actually breaking. This AML/KYC bullshit is just a ruse to steal &amp; manipulate your hard earned money out from under you.