@_author: orangesunshine
@_date: 2018-02-06 12:24:34
It isn't designed to be used as a currency though .... it's designed to be more akin to gold or probably *diamonds* than the dollar.  It's a *very* limited number of coins in total that will ever be in circulation.
Where-as fiat, like the dollar tend to attempt to print money and adjust interest rates on loans in an effort to always keep the value steady .... bitcoin (at least) is designed to have a tremendous amount of growth in value if it is ever adopted in a significant way by the population.
Whether the value itself really matters though is up for debate.  What really probably matters is how volatile it is.  If I have 4 bitcoins can I expect to be able to buy a bushel of pork chops today with them?  what about a month from now? a year?  
@_date: 2018-02-06 21:19:30
I didn't say anything of the author's *intent* .... or claimed intent.
I was talking about it's design.
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:38:16
They should be around $10 though ... look at the YTD charts ... Exponential growth started around January ..... before that the price was fairly stable between 5 and $10.
Then "investors" came along and hoarders ... it's a currency ... not an investment medium.  None of the recent growth is based on a real demand for the currency ... rather it's due to people "investing" in it.
Imagine if everyone dumped their stock and bought gold due to an economic down-turn.  Gold prices would rise exponentially, though the real value would be what gold was valued at *before* the economic downturn.  As people's faith in stocks returned, there would be a massive correction ... eventually returning to the pre-bubble prices.
This is actually happening right now.  Gold is at an all-time high.  Not because the gold is worth 10X what it was 10 years ago, but because people have moved away from other investment vehicles.  In time, the gold market will stabilize ... stocks and mutual funds will provide drastically better returns ... and the gold values will course correct back to pre-bubble prices ... maybe even lower if there is a serious scare.
Right now goldman sachs is recommending people not only sell their gold, but short it.  As they expect this course correction will be happening over the next few years.
Gold should course correct back to around $500/oz ... if it manages to stay above that it's because of people who bought gold at $1800/oz and are waiting for it to return to that value.  I'd imagine it might actually go below that though because of the large amounts of gold recently introduced to the market when everyone and their cousin sold their jewellery.  One thing is certain though ... it won't hit $1800 again until the next major economic downturn.