@_author: orange_pear
@_date: 2016-05-02 16:59:46
Well, it's perfectly possible to make backup copies of the key, so it's not correct to say that having the necessary information is exactly the same as having the bitcoin.  What if two people bought drives with backups of the key - are you saying that they would both be entitled to ownership of the bitcoin?  Treating the bitcoin as ordinary intangible property is the only sensible way to deal with this.  
The fact that the owner might be incapable of accessing the bitcoin doesn't change who owns it.
The physical key is a good analogy - say you buy a box of stuff from an estate sale and there's a key to a safe in it.  If you didn't buy the safe then just owning the key doesn't give you the right to take its contents.  Even if it's the only key in the world, you wouldn't have the right to turn up and demand to empty the safe.
@_date: 2016-05-02 11:15:54
I don't know if you are legally obliged to return the information on this disk (probably not), but that doesn't mean you get to appropriate the bitcoin.  It belongs to the estate, and the fact that OP has gained information needed to gain access to it doesn't alter that.
You're making the mistake of thinking that the bitcoin is "stored" in the hard drive, but only the access information is stored in it - the bitcoin is intangible and isn't "stored" anywhere.  The guy might have had bank account information stored on the hard drive as well - do you think that if OP has access to that information (s)he can go and empty the dead guy's bank accounts?
The law doesn't care whether the estate will actually do anything with the bitcoin, or even whether the executors know anything about it at all.
@_date: 2016-05-02 11:03:25
The fact that this is an estate sale doesn't make any difference.
You need to work out what (objectively) the parties to the contract intended to do.  You ask "would a reasonable person have thought that the seller intended to sell the bitcoin that the information on the hard drive gives access to?" and the answer is probably "no".
There's a difference between a bitcoin and the information needed to access it. A bitcoin is intangible property - not a physical entity.  It isn't "stored" on the hard disk, even if the information you need to do anything with it is.  Just because the seller loses possession of the information doesn't mean that there was a contract to transfer the bitcoin.
Imagine if there was a file on the drive with banking information - you wouldn't gain the right to transfer money out of an account that didn't belong to you just because you came across the information - that would not be a reasonable interpretation of what the parties intended.  It's like buying a jacket and finding an address and the code to a safe written on a bit of paper in the pocket.  You don't gain the right to go and empty the safe, even if nobody else in the world knows what the combination is - because you didn't pay for that right, you paid for a jacket.
In summary, OP doesn't own the bitcoin.  I don't know about the US, but under English law doing anything with the bitcoin could technically amount to theft or fraud.  Is anyone ever going to find out if (s)he cashes it out? Probably not.