@_author: oranges142
@_date: 2014-01-21 08:28:43
That's pretty false. You can already keep your money under mattress. It's there, it's uninsured, and there are no guarantees at all.
A bank provides a few services that bitcoin doesn't. First it lends your money out to collect interest and splits that money with you. Second they insure it through the FDIC so even if they're robbed or collapse, your money is safe. That's not quite true with money under the mattress or bitcoins. Finally, they're a central authority capable of reversing fraudulent activity. This can't happen with bitcoin.
Bitcoin is more like cash than a bank. The two are entirely distinct. Bitpay et al are more like a bank but without any of the legal history and probably insurance policies.
@_date: 2014-01-03 08:34:44
I think you need to add a few things. For one, you'd probably add a nonce with an order id and a price. Then hash those together and put that in any empty space provided for a bitcoin transaction. Then the bar can hash the known nonce price and order id. This ensures that the price doesn't miraculously change during the transaction. And prevents replay attacks. Also the hash serves to identify the payment uniquely. This keeps you from getting weird about multiple identical transactions from the same address.
@_date: 2013-12-29 09:10:31
This is true for a naive attacker with no knowledge of your protocol, but these guys know you're using a tunnel and they know the traffic pattern of mining bitcoins. If you're on your own you need to download the blockchain at regular intervals. Otherwise you're connecting to a mining pool and getting your data from them at regular intervals. Sounds like that would be pretty trivial to characterize too. Yeah, it won't be 100% but it won't be 0% effective either.
@_date: 2013-12-28 22:36:46
You realize this is a self-fulfilling prophecy mixed with a little bit of a tragedy of the commons, right?
Any one guy not paying his taxes is probably irrelevant, but when a lot of people feel like you do and stop paying taxes there's no money to actually do anything. This makes everybody else feel like there's no point to paying their taxes since their taxes won't fix the problem and blam, you're in a zero revenue situation and literally nothing can be done by the government at that point.
@_date: 2013-12-28 22:47:08
So you propose we should have a smaller subset of highly specialized people whose job it is manage this currency? Isn't that antithetical to the idea of decentralizing a currency? Isn't this just the re-centralization of money?