@_author: orblivion
@_date: 2016-11-27 22:18:48
sha256 is not broken yet
@_date: 2013-06-13 04:11:47
It's a blog, and you may consider it spam, but it's not what is generally referred to as "blogspam" as it's original content, and I'm not getting any kickbacks at the moment.
@_date: 2013-12-12 22:47:51
Thanks. I've spent a lot of time thinking about this stuff, I think I have a similar attitude from the other side. You guys have heard all the basic arguments, I've heard all the basic arguments. I'm trying to put forth the next level of counter-arguments, perhaps you've heard this before as well, and have counter-arguments. Going any deeper than what I have here, anticipating every counter-argument, leads me into a rabbit hole where I write an article that's way too long for anybody to be interested in reading (perhaps like the one I linked to from within this article).
@_date: 2013-06-13 04:09:50
I'm with you on all that. If this were SocialistCoin I wouldn't be "bugging" anybody because it's not something I can relate to. Plus being a libertarian, this thing is growing in libertarian circles, it's something I'm going to run into a lot. I'm not going to be as into it as everybody else, and I have to make my case *somehow* for why.
@_date: 2013-10-28 06:03:31
Just like Democracy only works if you already have a whole society of democrats.
(And really, it's not the whole society, just a critical mass)
@_date: 2013-08-15 04:28:01
It's much later now obviously, but I'm reading over this again in preparation for my next blog post, and I wanted to say thanks for this detailed response.
@_date: 2013-06-08 18:01:31
That, actually, is very interesting to me.
@_date: 2013-06-08 17:56:33
I've taken a gander at the bitcoin FAQ before. The FAQ even argues some points in my favor. I hope you at least took a look at what I wrote before assuming that I haven't heard any of the arguments.
The part about Gold trading well above commodity level is an interesting one. Robert Murphy makes the same point. However I'm not fully convinced that's sufficient reasoning to draw an equivalence. I have some things to say about that, even a little bit in this post.
However if your confidence in BTC is pending on the following points, saying that there's "value in the system", that's exactly the sort of thing I consider fallacious, and I will go into careful detail about it in a later article. If you have confidence in BTC, it shouldn't be for this reason.
@_date: 2013-06-08 18:05:46
Thanks for taking a look. I have not missed this, there are just so many things to address, it was already too long as you say. (I've struggled with summarizing and making all the points I need to make).
The point about BTC being a tool, I think, is not well founded, and is one of the main things I mean to address. Think about the point I was making about different sorts of value. If BTC can grant you satisfaction directly, that is one source of value. Using BTC as a tool does not grant you satisfaction directly. The tool is useless if somebody else doesn't accept the BTC. You are still depending on the fact that somebody else is deciding that it's worth trading something for it. So that's another type of source of value.
Perhaps I will make it the headline of a post so it's clear I'm making an argument you haven't already heard. I have a lot to say on the subject.
@_date: 2013-12-12 22:44:02
Author here. I was a bit hesitant about the wording of this sentence for this reason. It only applies in the context of what Eric Voorhees was saying. I understand there are all sorts of fancy things you can do, and I describe it in the Technology section. But as far as the transactions themselves, I argue that any other features are just distractions from the real reason you're making a transaction, which is to get the thing you're trading for. Think of it this way: if the trade doesn't get you what you're trading for, all the anonymity protection and ease of use is of no value to you.
@_date: 2013-06-13 04:44:23
Thanks for the response. I have considered the essence of the points you're making before, and I will get to them in more detail in future posts. But, I will respond here, perhaps you can offer a retort I did not anticipate.




Only if you're notarizing anything important. "But BTC *is* important", you may reply. "Just look at how much it's used all over the world." And that's exactly my point, the only reason it's valuable is that other people are using it. Yes a notary makes it *more* valuable than it would otherwise be, but the root of the value is speculation.


Great, your BTC is more secure. And you want BTC because?
And actually, your point about trading between friends is notable, because another phenomenon appears here. People talk about "trust in the economy". Well here, you actually can trust the people in the economy to continue to exchange BTC at a certain predetermined rate. So this *could* work. But this falls apart in the greater economy.


If you're saying what I think you're saying:
Supposing I built a campfire using dried driftwood I found. Supposing the next night I was out of driftwood and I needed to do real work splitting firewood. Both fires were equally warm. Was the second one more valuable? Would somebody enjoying the fire prefer the second to the first?
No, you have the valuation relationship backwards here. It's not that BTC is valuable because of the work you do to create them. The work you do to create the BTC is valuable because the BTC is valuable. This one's even in the FAQ: 


It doesn't prove that the commodity has use value, it just proves that it has value, ie that somebody is making exchanges with it. You're spending BTC to notarize transactions in BTC. You value notarizing your transactions because you value your transactions in BTC. You value your transactions in BTC because you got something in return for the BTC, and because the person you gave it to expects to get something in return eventually as well.
Perhaps to notarize another transaction? That's sort of circular logic.
@_date: 2013-12-13 06:16:41
It's not a use value though. Sure, even barter is "useful" in that you're "using" the object to get something you want, given the existence of the other person's desire to give you something you want more, for it. So, yes, I'm saying that in the sense that anything you consume is useful, money is not useful, because you do not consume money. You always pass it on. Unless, you are an actual consumer of the money (gold jewelry, gold-tipped rca cables, what have you).
Maybe you don't agree, but do you at least see the distinction I'm *trying* to draw? Again, A) speculating on your own desires, or B) speculating on the desires of everybody else in the economy, who in turn speculate on each other's desires and your desires. Seems like a world of difference to me. From an *individual* economic actor's perspective, perhaps it looks very similar. But if you step back I think it looks very different.
Maybe you agree with me that money is a whole different animal, but still disagree with what I argue from there?
@_date: 2013-06-13 04:03:32


I have, and I fully accept that BTC is *working*, present tense. In fact, given some discussions I've had with a friend after I posted this article where I was alerted to the Swiss Dinar (the Somali Shilling didn't convince me because it sounded like they were trading at close to commodity value). So I will upgrade my position and say that BTC *can* work in the long run, and I will start my next post with this point. But it sounds like most fiat currencies do fail once you yank out the government, so if general "trust in the currency" is *all* you're running on, you're making a risky proposition. Unless you can figure out exactly what was special about the Swiss Dinar.


This doesn't address my point at all. Why is it a better option? That's what this whole debate is about.


It's novel, it's super interesting. I will buy some myself some day when I get around to it and bit up the exchange rate vis a vis FRNs, because it's damn cool. Email was damn cool at one point too. I don't send emails for kicks anymore. That's all I'm saying. All that will be left are the other faculties of BTC, and that's what's left to debate.
@_date: 2013-12-13 05:15:24
No, I ironically called him "Old Man". I'm backing him up here. I'm just poking fun at the people who say "oh, Peter Schiff is just an old fashioned gold bug, he doesn't get the technology".
Maybe I'd better work on my internet-tone.
@_date: 2013-12-13 18:38:23
Ok so we're getting somewhere. Sorry, in my initial reply to this post, I claimed that I never said that B) was the greater fool scenario, but looking at my post again, it looks like I sortof did.
So to clarify, and/or maybe restate my distinctions, A) use value and B) *any* speculation on other people's decisions, "greater fool" or otherwise. Certainly B is what happens with money, whether it be money I think will be successful or money I don't think will be successful.
So, let's further divide B it into B1) Speculating on there being somebody out there who values the commodity for reason A. B2) Speculating on there being somebody out there who values the commodity for reason B.
As a B-based actor, If there is less A out there than you think, then speculating via reason B1 is just an error in your understanding of the market. It happens. The commodity won't go out of circulation entirely, but if there's a lot of you out there, it'll just make a correction. If there's no A *at all* and you don't know it, well that's just a really bad understanding of the market, and the commodity *will* go out of circulation. But that's not what I think is happening with Bitcoin.
If there's no A at all, and everybody *knows it*, then there's no B1. In such a case, there's only B2, speculating on B. And since there's no B1, B2 is speculating on only other B2. *That* is the greater fool scenario, and that's where I see Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-06-13 04:22:28


This is the disruptive value of "the BTC system". I will have to do a blog post about this I suppose. The BTC system is nothing but a neat idea, until people start accepting individual BTC, and agreeing to part with valuable commodities in exchange for it. So really, you have the relationship backwards. What is the exchange rate between disruption and one BTC? That's the question of individual valuation, the only kind.


I agree that it's neat in this way. As long as there is an exchange rate (which you assert there always will be, I disagree), yes there will be somebody to keep it alive. But again, that's "the system", same point as above applies.


Yes they are indestructible and all that. So what? Useless unless somebody will exchange it with you for something. This will always be the case.


To be clear, that is nothing to do with my point.