@_author: orchidsystem
@_date: 2014-02-24 19:39:45
No worries man. It's a good question and I appreciate it. I'll definitely be more open about the details of that stuff later on. Thanks for the good wishes.
@_date: 2014-02-24 18:55:06
Users of the site. There will be content creators, and content purchasers. It's a common relationship. Think of it like Amazon's Kindle store. Some people sell e-books they wrote, and some people buy them. In the case of this site the people doing the buying will not be expected to be registered, and their purchases will not be tracked, details stored or anything like that. I am determined to avoid that above all else. Not that the site will be illegal or even dodgy. Just that I'm conceptually opposed to having to create accounts and be tracked just to make a purchase.
I probably could have answered that just with the first four words. :)
@_date: 2014-02-14 16:05:06
Honestly the spelling mistake was a slightly childish addition, and not that relevant. It's more the evidence thing, and honestly I don't know enough about it to provide any evidence either way. Good luck though. :D
@_date: 2014-02-14 12:32:26
Not signed. Not because I disagree, but because I feel you should make a bit more effort when creating a petition to personally censure another human. This petition smacks as reactionary rather than well thought out.
The petition should at least contain some shred of evidence, rather than just inflammatory language and opinion. The fact that it's so short, and even the presence of a spelling mistake smacks of an angry knee-jerk reaction, and that's not something I'd get behind.
I wouldn't worry about it too much though, I'm sure most people will just sign it. Hive mind is a powerful thing. 
Like I said, I agree with the principle, and if a properly stated case is put, then of course I'm behind it.
@_date: 2014-02-14 19:54:55
It's certainly a fuck up. Whether it's enough to have Mark Karpeles removed from the Bitcoin foundation is highly debatable. Regardless, it's not in the petition, and since that's my issue here (the lack of evidence in the petition), it's irrelevant.
This is a very simple issue.
@_date: 2014-02-14 16:02:47
Sorry but I disagree. I don't see the definition of a slang word on a website about slang words to be enough reason to remove someone from the Bitcoin foundation.
@_date: 2014-02-15 01:40:09
That's great, and if evidence for all (or even a portion of that) was included with the petition, or even a well-researched summation of current evidence, then the petition would be worth signing, assuming that the evidence seemed to be enough to suggest that removing Mark from the foundation would be a useful and appropriate response.
@_date: 2014-02-24 19:02:50
I'd rather not go into much more detail for now, but suffice to say that users will be able to provide their details at the point of sale, and providers would be able to make that information optional or mandatory. That gives a user more of a conscious choice about what they provide, rather than a kind of 'stealth data collection' approach. The default approach would be not to collect or store and personal data though.
@_date: 2014-02-14 20:06:56
I'll be sending this thread to the Bitcoin foundation, so as they are made aware of how many people disagree with the petition. That's only right.
@_date: 2014-02-14 20:01:49
I completely agree, and even if this petition wasn't a sloppy, badly put together piece of work, this shows the flaws of petitions in general.
A: They offer no platform for those who disagree. They're loaded by nature. Sure you can say that those who disagree just don't sign, but the fact is that this gives no representation of the actual opinions of any community, because it doesn't give a ratio of agreement to disagreement. Just a count of those who agree with a statement, based on varying, if any research or evidence.
B: People sign positions for a variety of reasons, outside of agreement: 
* My friend signed it.
* Someone I think is cool wrote it.
* I just want to be involved in a community, and this seems to be the majority opinion of that community. 
C: There was another thing I thought of earlier but now I forgot. Meh.
TLDR: Voting is better, but still only when there's evidence provided to explain the issue being voted on.
Edit: I remembered what C is. That apparently people can change the petition after people sign it, since the petition has been changed a bit now. That's pretty bad. So lots of people sign their names to something that can be changed at any time? Really representative of those peoples opinions.