@_author: orderly_liquidation
@_date: 2018-01-28 04:35:51
Could not have put it more elegantly myself.
@_date: 2018-01-28 05:45:16
I mean, drug companies got millions of people hooked on opioids by outright lying to physicians about their addictiveness. Chemical companies sold hydrogen cyanide to the nazis and agent orange to the US military. Tech companies sold the means to track and index entire ethnic groups to the nazis and South African government during apartheid. Or how about continuing to sell asbestos for 40 years after the health impacts were discovered? 
Maybe we can agree that left unchecked, profit seeking organizations have a tendency to do bad things. Banking isn’t that special. 
@_date: 2018-01-28 06:06:07
Aw man, I must have forgotten to pick up my fangs at orientation!
@_date: 2018-01-28 05:15:13
This from your vast experience in the banking industry?
Remind me why, despite lobbying against it, Banks wanted to adopt the move from Basel II to Basel III, which increased capital requirements, thus reducing equity returns. How about the adoption of Dodd-Frank, which among other things, includes the Volcker Rule, requiring Banks to divest higher returning lines of business? Is this all part of their grand, evil plan to make less money?
@_date: 2018-01-27 16:58:20
Serious question - do you think the bank wants to spend all that time and energy verifying your piddly $12k transaction? Absolutely not.
Bank executives are as frustrated as you are that the government has effectively forced financial institutions to become the investigative and enforcement agents of anti money laundering. It’s an enormous cost in both absolute dollars and in brand value. The fines for ignoring the procedures, however, are astronomical. 
Similarly, do you actually think banks, which are profit seeking institutions, have any problem with the marijuana industry? Absolutely not. They would love to bank this burgeoning industry but FinSEN and local state regulators make that impossible. 
Your problem isn’t with the bank, it’s with regulations that make an already challenging business much more frustrating. My worry is what a new regulatory layer on blockchain would look like. I can’t imagine it will be pretty. 