@_author: orgasmicregret
@_date: 2012-12-02 04:26:02
This is what I don't fully understand.  Right up to the point where I get to the wallet point and that so much reporting has been done on the anonymity of this process.
First I should point out that I am not that worried about the anonymity aspects of it, but want to understand what I am getting into fully.  It's not like I will use the coins for anything other than either buying reddit gold or some other legit purchase online.
Okay, so I create an account at coinbase, punch in my bank details, and buy up some bit coins.  Do those "coins" just sit in coinbase?  I assume it is exactly like purchasing a stock, the value will go up and down on a daily basis depending on market conditions?
And of course, coinbase has options for getting my coins converted back into USD as well.  Where I am getting stuck in understanding this is the wallet part.  Do I have a wallet at the point I make the purchase at coinbase?  What is the need for the client that I download and why is that also called a wallet?  I was assuming that I would make the purchase at coinbase and they would show me some random string of some characters or hash, and it would be my responsibility to keep that information secure, as that is the actual money/value part of what I purchased.
So I am still a little confused, if someone could point me in the direction of answers, or a tldr that is a bit more than a tldr but less than the other resources where I have to learn the entire protocol and whatnot, it would be greatly appreciated.
@_date: 2012-12-08 04:41:20
Awesome answer! I feel I'm asking too much with all these questions.  So thank you for taking the time to detail out the answer like that. I actually font have any follow ip questions. You nailed all of it! 
But, at the same time I feel if bitcoin is to gain mass adoption these questions need answering. And then, the questions need to go away. The very fact the questions exist seems to be part of the problem in regards to mass public adoption. 
That's just my opinion, but if I go to a bank, open an account, make a deposit, I can then later make a withdrawal. I get real money at that point. I can spend it anywhere in my country. That's a very simple process to understand with terminology that anyone can immediately grasp. 
I used to think torrents were too complicated a process to explain to a lot of people. And to many it probably is. We're it easier, more grandmas and grandpas would probably use the protocol. With needing to deal with nat and port mapping since most people have dynamic addressing with now, at least 2 devices on their network, torrents get a bit too complicated still. And we are a decade or so into torrents and it still has mass adoption issues. That's just the download side. Try explaining torrent creation, trackers, and magnet links where technically no file even exists anywhere. 
Applying that to bitcoin, and it looks to me like the ride is going to be as long and as troublesome. The only thing I can see that may make it different is people tend to be cautious, read, and thoroughly understand something the second you put your hard earned money into the equation. With that, if bitcoin is the only option on a site and grandpa joe wants to buy that antique rifle from Vietnam, he's going to make damn sure he understands the ins and outs of the system. 
The problem is there will probably always be alternate forms of payment. But if those forms of payment add too many taxes, too many burdens, people may still end up learning bitcoin as I am trying. Hell, I got a square and for free I can now accept credit cards. 
The square was a zero learn adventure. And on a side note, a way for me to make free money. Square charges 1%. My credit card company gives me 1 bonus point for every dollar I spend. If I earn 50,000 bonus points, I can trade those for stuff in a catalog, -OR- cash. At a rate of 600.00 for every 50,000 points. Unless my math is wrong, I can charge myself through square for 50,000.00 getting 50,000 points. That's going to cost me 500.00 to square for the 1%. I redeem my points for 600.00 and just gained 100.00. That 600.00 used to be 1000.00 8 years ago. It keeps going down. With square out I bet they alter my agreement again to make it 500.00 or less. :(
Even that little story is something someone can understand. Percentages, points for purchases, trading points for goods or money. Bitcoin is just one small leap beyond that. 
I hope it works out. I see it as a truly great way to perhaps level the playing field of banks and their fees. Gone are the days my butt hurts every time I interact with a bank. Hopefully. Time will tell. 
Thanks again!!
@_date: 2017-06-13 06:34:21
I'm confused. I have had a Coinbase account for a long time. Week one when they verified accounts by hand — I even have a partially corrupted image if my ID sitting in my account. :)
I have been approved, had my limits increased to 15K a day or week, I can't remember. I got this Shift credit card giving me access anywhere. I've done pretty good on the three coins they now have. 
I'm worried. I have an email from support asking about the time in flux from when I click buy or sell to when it's actually executed. In that time, the value of the coin can change dramatically. I was told, in near quoted form, "coinbase will lock the price in at the time of request, no matter how long it takes, and how much it moves up or down, you only buy or sell at the price you initially agreed too". This is very contrary to every post regarding this issue. To me it wouldn't make sense any other way, given it takes 5-8 days for a trade to happen. ( last I traded was a month ago )
My account can use ACH from my bank, credit cards, all options they offer I have. Why does it take so long and why did they tell me something that appears  to not be true. Or are the users here incorrect?
I'm also worried about how, if needed, I get out quick. First, if I needed to get out now, I am stuck at the login page not letting me past it until I drop 2-factor for an authentication tool. I have not had time. But if need be, I'd lose time breaking down that wall. Once past the wall, 15K a week I think. That's not going to help me. 
What should I do?