@_author: orperelman
@_date: 2016-08-25 07:10:44
Some companies will go under as they raise ridiculous amount of money on unjustified valuations when there is NO market neither for bitcoin or blockchain startups right now.
And then they want to raise another larger round and they find out there are no takers because they failed to gain significant traction. It doesn't matter if you are a private blockchain company or a bitcoin company, our market is an early stage market and right now in a PILOT and experimental mode besides rare exceptions. In my book you need to survive to reach the peak of the market which will take at least until 2018. Don't take money which is being offered to you in a high valuation because then you will have to suffer a downround or close down.
P.S You say that micropayments might be a good case for bitcoin, but what's the business model? also Changetip tried to provide and be the infrastructure of micropayments and still  they went under....
Everytime they say blockchain in the news IS good bitcoin because they usually mention it as the technology behind bitcoin and then it gives more exposure to bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-08-25 04:38:31
So you say Symbiont will go under in a year or two and go work on counterparty instead? ;)
@_date: 2015-06-08 19:08:35
Yes :)
@_date: 2015-06-08 17:17:41
Chromaway.com, cuber.ee/news and  :)
@_date: 2015-05-12 10:41:00
The open assets protocol is not the coloredcoins standard, there are several coloredcoins protocols such as EPOBC and Coinspark's. Open-assets is just one of the available implementations.
@_date: 2015-05-30 10:36:21


"Open-assets taking off" I don't really agree with that assumption, if people are playing and experimenting with it it doesn't mean the protocol "has taken off", there are a lot of people experimenting with the Chromawallet's protocol so?
"The market is quickly deciding" - what market are you referring too? I don't think the market has decided yet, the market is still in it's early stages. 


You are right on that. 
@_date: 2015-05-29 05:21:05
"Out competed" by open-assets and counter-party, that's one of the biggest jokes I have heard.
If you would have checked out Chromawallet's libraries and code you would see Killer_storm is writing A LOT of code.
That's funny to hear because counter- party and open assets developers have been trashing Chromawallet's protocol for some time now.
Killerstorm isn't trashing open-assets, he's making valid points.
@_date: 2015-05-29 06:38:34


Seriously? "de-facto standard"? Who said that besides yourself? This industry is in it's early stages, I don't think there is a "de-facto standard" just yet, it's going to be a long long way until a protocol could call it's self "the standard".
@_date: 2015-07-27 13:56:42
Wtf is coloredcoins ltd?
@_date: 2015-07-14 11:42:37
Coinlock - Thank you for this, You are absolutely right with your claims. The Colu guys are failing to get it. They are also deceiving the public by claiming they are the Coloredcoins founders E.G here: "Colu includes the Founder of Colored Coins"  . It seems they are failing to gain traction so they are actual trying every dirty trick in the book. I wouldn't mind they would call themselves the Colu protocol but what they are doing with Coloredcoins.org is an absolutely lie.  Amos Meiri WAS NOT and ISN'T the founder of coloredcoins as he's claiming here as well:   Amos Meiri was an employee of E-toro which was involved in the coloredcoins community and was "the community marketing" guy, Colu is a Pivot of Mypowers which was actually built on Counterparty (and not Coloredcoins) . David Ring was the CTO of E-toro and And he never dealt with Coloredcoins initiates, Last is Mark Smargon - their VP of product who was never involved in Coloredcoins initiatives until Colu came to our lives a few months ago. Their claims that they are "the coloredcoins founders" is a total lie - to the community. In My book you can't also be a founder of a concept.
@_date: 2015-08-17 15:53:02
Hi there, I'm Or and of one the founders of ChromaWay – creators of the EPOBC protocol, I would like to comment on some of the stuff Amos Meiri said.
1. While  the word " Coloredcoins" was indeed removed from open-assets you neglected to mention EPOBC and  it was never deleted from the EPOBC protocol nor from ChromaWay's open-source libraries.
2. The reality now is that 
 Colu IS NOT the only entity in the coloredcoins space that had invested money and work  for open-source tools for the community and increasing adoption for this technology.
All our libraries are OPEN-SOURCE and so is our Protocol: You can check at  
ChromaWay has developed open-source tools from day one of it's existence and put a lot of efforts and MONEY on these tools, we are also working hard on increasing adoption for this technology. Our CTO Alex Mizrahi made the first colored-coins code in 2012 see chromaway.com/history.html and helped form an open-source project. That project was largely funded by Alex himself, With His OWN MONEY. A lot of his work in promoting the brand colored coins and developing its theoretical foundation you and other companies in this space are now benefiting from. It is allowed of course, it is the way open source works, but normally some attribution and respect is appropriate social behavior. Stealing the brand colored coins is not.
As you all know we recently  partnered with LHV bank to create cuber.ee/news a euro nominated in colored coins which will be available for the public soon. This partnership made us the first ever blockchain company to ever launch a live product with a bank on main-net. Your claims about your protocol having a good chance for mainstream adoption is difficult to judge. We can’t see any less traction for  EPOBC / ChromaWay or Open-Assets / CoinPrism, on the contrary.
You say that is there was a way to avoid developing your own protocol you would gladly choose it. This statement is entirely false, you never wanted to truly work with the other actors in town – we tried working with you in several occasions and tried to setup proper meetings but our tries were never answered.  We described it in a public letter here:  you would really have been interested in developing a new open standard, we would have seen a specification for the proposed standard published before you released your code. Also perhaps at least one meeting with the so-called board you had on your coloredcoins.org site, before the board members started quitting because nothing happened. Or at least one meeting with us or CoinPrism or Coinspark.
