@_author: orrd
@_date: 2017-11-10 09:02:06
Yeah, I got that.  But I want to know what the opposing argument is.
@_date: 2017-11-10 21:16:11


How so? 


This is exactly what I'm afraid of.  It seems like a "us vs. them" battle where everyone is so busy slandering the other side just because they want to be the ones in control, rather than making technical decisions about Bitcoin just based on what is best for the future of Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2017-11-10 19:52:01
Ok, so even Andreas says that even with the Lightning Network, we'll probably need to eventually increase the block size because even after off-chain transactions happen, ultimately when the channels close there will still be transactions that have to go on the blockchain.  
Why was there so much opposition to SegWit2x here?  Would r/Bitcoin be ok with increasing the block size eventually?
@_date: 2012-08-11 19:10:54
This is a carefully worded presentation by Chase bank that is targeted at non-technical people and is intended to fool and mislead them into thinking that Bitcoin is associated with "bad activity" on the internet and therefore is something that should be stopped.  
If you filter out the buzzwords and look closely to the slides and listen to what they're really saying, this is all they really did...
- They [looked up]( the internet hosting companies that are currently used by a few popular Bitcoin trading sites (MtGox is displayed on the slide).  
- Then they looked up what other websites are hosted by the same internet companies (again, these hosting companies aren't run by the Bitcoin trading websites, the internet companies just happen to provide website hosting services to them).
- Then they looked at what kinds of "bad" keywords are associated with those other (non-Bitcoin related) websites (words like "phishing", "malware") and they say these "bad" keywords are associated with some of these other websites hosted by the same hosting company that's currently used by MtGox.
- Then they conclude that there is "bad activity around" Bitcoin because some of the Bitcoin trading sites happen to use internet service providers that host unrelated websites which are possibly associated with "bad keywords," even though those unrelated sites may or may not actually have any criminal activity actually occurring on them.  
*Another way to look it is if you use AT&amp;T for your phone service, and someone found that people who may or may not be potentially criminals also use AT&amp;T, then therefore you must be a criminal.*
This presentation by Chase is a con-job intended to trick their non-technical audience into believing that Bitcoin and other virtual currencies are a hub of criminal activity, even though they actually found no direct evidence of any such thing.
Their initial assertion is absurd.  They say that Chase bank is "tracking" all criminal activity around the world, even if it's unrelated to Chase bank, for the benefit of their customers.  Ok, right.  They're simply targeting Bitcoin with a campaign of lies and misinformation because they see it as a threat to their business model that relies on collecting fees from financial transactions.