@_author: oscar_the_couch
@_date: 2018-08-21 01:52:59
there actually are some tricky legal issues around bitcoin ownership that could make prosecution difficult under the CFAA.
bitcoin is designed so that anyone with an address and key can destroy a bitcoin and create another (which uses a different key). you don't actually own bitcoin; you possess a key that can cause stuff to happen on a distributed network. the actual act of using your key to cause the distributed network to do something probably isn't "exceeding authorized access" on that distributed network because the whole point of the network is that *anyone* with a key is supposed to be able to do that, and no individual gets to determine what access is "authorized" on the giant distributed network. or so the argument would go. 
in other words, if you just find a piece of paper in the parking lot with a bitcoin address and key on it, and you use it and it works, it's possible you might not have committed any crime—even if the paper says "property of [name] and [address]. Do not use if you aren't me."
I say "it's possible you might not have committed any crime" because as far as I know this hasn't really been tested. Obviously, the safest way to avoid criminal liability in the hypothetical above is to return the bitcoin to the name and address listed. and in almost any real world scenario involving theft of bitcoin, there are probably other laws broken in addition to CFAA (wire fraud is still a thing).
@_date: 2019-02-06 00:18:05
I used to think that smart contracts could make contracts clearer and litigated less frequently. Having now spent several years as an attorney, I no longer think this.


This ignores why these cases are typically brought and who's bringing them. Vast majority are debt collection that arise because the person who owes money doesn't have enough money, and a lawsuit is the first step to an enforceable judgment. 
There just aren't a lot of small claims cases that arise because a contract is unclear about what's required.
@_date: 2019-02-05 04:50:13


Attorneys are the alternative to large men with guns taking all your stuff because you angered a competitor. If the system cuts out the rule of law, it will never be the primary system of a society.
@_date: 2015-02-06 16:46:56
I think his point was that the practice of law is not a free market, and part of (what he perceives as) the myopia among the legal profession is caused by that lack of free market.
It's actually the best argument I've heard for maintaining the status quo.