@_author: oskarege
@_date: 2014-01-28 15:29:51
Safello was the company. The competition is most likely one issue but also volatility, Safello is buying my bitcoins and they need to have a large cuishon in order to survive big swings, especially as they are a new company. 
@_date: 2014-01-07 12:28:33
I didn't have btc at the day of the crash (well... 0,5$ worth) but the same hour it hit rock bottom I bought 0.2212 btc. Now that it is peaking again I really want to sell and wait out the next crash but apparently it is a hassle selling... Waiting for my verification with bitstamp to clear. As soon as it does I will jump ship and as I said wait for the next hit. In the long run I don't believe btc will become more than something on the sideline of paypal. To many issues and the people involved seem to treat it like a religion and that they "figured it out", not a positive feature if you wish to grow into the big shoes that has been claimed
@_date: 2014-01-28 15:03:04
There aren´t really that many options when you wish to get in fast (and since the value collapsed in hours I took what I got). 
@_date: 2014-01-28 15:12:15
Thank you, I don´t know why I even try to write something here...
@_date: 2014-01-28 14:55:46
It´s one of the main arguments for bitcoin. I love how condesending this sub can be towards anyone that points to any form of critisism.
@_date: 2014-02-25 11:34:32
If only you guys had some form of government entity that would make sure that this didn´t happen and if it did they would help you out...
@_date: 2014-01-28 15:31:37
It wasn´t a fee, it was the spread. So I just realized I made a mistake in the text, the market value was 610 and 960 but because of the spread I had to pay way more than 610 and sell for way less than 960 witch in turn netted me only a 5% increase. Sorry about the confusion
@_date: 2014-01-06 23:32:46
19 days ago I spent $150 buying bitcoins (and I am one of those that truly don´t believe BTC has a future as a proper currency. deflation and all that)  
Now I am trying to get my bitstamp verified so that I can sell... Three days verification time... Ugh
@_date: 2014-01-28 14:59:31
Well, if I would have speculated on stocks I have a courtage of $5 per trade so... No, it really woulnd´t have happened in most other liquid investments/speculations.  
Also I don´t believe in bitcoins in the long run, not in it´s current form. Way to many issues that need to be resolved first. At best it will become a fair contender to paypal
@_date: 2014-01-28 14:54:50
Current spread:
621.78 EUR  1 BTC
1 BTC  544.04 EUR, preeve.com puts the current market value at €599
@_date: 2014-01-28 14:57:18
Yeah, we should all just ignore this instead. Your sarcasm has turned my views around. To believe I ever thought users of this sub where rude and arrogant toward anyone who doesn´t start and finish every sentence with "To the moon!"
@_date: 2013-12-22 00:15:07
True, failed comparison. Still, my point remains
@_date: 2013-12-08 20:01:21
If I made a 1000% return on the "safest investment" possible I too would realise some of the profit. Splurge on a new couch perhaps. (The part about it being the safest investment possible refers to what many here believes in the inevitable future where Bitcoin is something everyone use) Also, people spend money no matter how much deflation there is, it´s hard to grow food on your own living in a city for example. Remember that what I talk about is not today or a year from now, the scenario I describe is one where Bitcoin becomes the dominant currency.
@_date: 2013-12-21 19:14:22
Gimme an hour or so, making christmas candy with my wife :)
@_date: 2013-12-08 23:50:07
$85bn a month. How fast is inflation moving again? 1%  
If the money don´t find its way into the economy then it will not effect inflation or employment. Currently, monetary policy is not getting any grip because real interest rates are zero or below. However, ask your self if those $85bn was not pumped into the economy, what would happen to inflation? "Nothing" probably because as I just said the money is not reaching the real economy. Well, no actually lending would slow down further and that 1% inflation would likely be replaced by 0% or even a negative number. Possibly even putting us into deflation. That is why the fed is "printing" all that money. This is changing though as the US is heading back into some stable growth with declining unemployment, so in a few months that quantative easing will dry up. "But all that money, its just gone!" No. The FED didn´t actually give anything away as most here seem to think. They actually bought something for 85bn a month. And if they want they can sell all those assets at a later date. If they are lucky (as is often the case in these scenarios) they sell at a profit. This due to the fact that they buy assets in bad times and sell when times improve. Look at all that TARP-money, 700bn something. Last I heard they had made money from saving all those different institutions. But no one here would ever read about that...
@_date: 2013-12-21 20:19:06
Oh shit, a rational person! I believe you are completely right. Central banks do the best they can to keep our economy stable, the best we can do is make sure politicians can´t effect those who devote their lifes to best understand how this all works and act accordingly. A decentralized currency would have none of this, instead it would be completely dependent on the market and I gotta say something about that... I trust a central bank more with stabilizing the economy than the market. If someone finds a better way then I will be all for it. My guess is that we are still trying to understand the economy but will probably never be able to fully quantify it. If we could I think that we could replace the central bankers with algorithms that automatically adjusts interest and the different tools availible but we are not there yet. 
@_date: 2013-12-08 20:31:15
The hoarding theory is really not that hard to grasp and comparing it to the recent transfers within a currency that has risen idontknowhowmany percent in the past year is just not relevant. If my bank account had risen by a magnitude of a 100 I too would realise my profits and spend. I´d buy a boat.  
Saying that something that has an extremely limited use, but still has risen by a factor of holy-shit, could rise by another factor of mother-of-god and become a global currency is assuming a lot. Ever heard of tulips?  
Actually, it can rise forever. Especially as bitcoins can be lost but never replenished. But realistically? No, it can´t. There are just to many issues with it to get even close.
@_date: 2013-12-08 20:32:56
Inflation and deflation is not something that happens based on what HAS happened, it´s based on what people think WILL happen. Knowing about the limit is enough. Add to that an ever growing base of users and you will have deflation all the way if it is ever to become the global currency
@_date: 2013-12-21 23:52:32
So an increase in savings have nothing to do with employment? How will all the people who are being laid off feel happier? Sure, if they have an income they can save it but if they don't? Yes those who have jobs and savings will be better off but there are so many people who would not have a job as a result of your increased wealth. 
@_date: 2013-12-08 13:04:02
@_date: 2013-12-08 13:27:57
That would help, yes. But no rational human will think that way. Especially when holding a large share. Imagine you went from an initial $500 investment to $1bn in a few years. Suddenly you will be very nervous about how Bitcoins move in value and think very hard about its prospect for further growth. You would not trust others to do what´s right for the currency, only what is right for them.
@_date: 2013-12-22 00:06:53
I saw zeitgeist to and was up in arms about the fed and our central banks years ago. If the elite is stealing money from anyone it is those who have money lying around. Me as a student with debt that goes to cover my studies and my loan on an apartment? Well I don't exactly feel cheated as my loan loses its real value. Also I work and earn money and that paycheck gets worth a little less every year, so I get a raise. And that raise is on par with or higher than the rate of inflation most of the years so I get actual wage increases. If i had a ton of cash ln my account I would make sure that it was not lying around on my savings account giving me some 2% interest (still outpacing inflation btw... I don't know what kind of crappy bank you have though) that my money was invested in something that grew in value, maybe an indexed fund of companies that sell essentials and at the same time pays dividends (coca cola, h&amp;m, mc donalds) I don't know why having a &lt;2% inflation rate is so evil. Honestly, what is so wrong with modest inflation? It makes sure money is circulating, it helps those that get into debt, it keeps employment low(er). Basically inflation takes from the rich and gives to the poor (assuming wages and other forms of compensations stay in line with inflation.)
@_date: 2013-12-21 17:33:01
Reckless use of a fiat currency can bring down nations yes. Hitler was a product of this I would argue. But this does not need to happen and in most advanced nations this is not what is happening. Fiat money does not lead to falling nations by default. However, the gold standard did have a lot to do with fucking the world up in the 30s
@_date: 2013-12-22 00:29:04
Yeah, an unregulated market without central governance would never get bubbles. How's those tulip investment you made coming along? Recoup you losses yet? Oh, not for another millenia you say? Oh ok
@_date: 2013-12-08 23:58:33
Yeah, you are right, I said those words and it was poorly thought out. What I should have written is that they will increase in price until the system breaks down completely. That sweet spot you dream about will never happen in practice and even if it did there would still be deflation.  
No, winning the lottery as some people here have done is not disproving the theory of hoarding. We will not all multiply our purchasingpower a hundered times over with bitcoin. The comparison does not hold at any level.  
I am not really sure how the technology works here but as I read about people loosing their phones and thus their coins I feel as if it is not solved. At least not yet. Dataloss is still an issue and I guess even fires will be around for the forseable future
@_date: 2013-12-08 19:16:49
No matter how bad it gets in a deflationary economy people will still spend money yes. You are right about that. But you will cut down and spend way less. And that "less" part is what you used to spend on goods and services you didn´t really need but still felt you could buy. Now with deflation you see saving as a no-risk investment that will make you richer over time. The problem is that the "less" part is what employs most of the people in your country. Most of what is produced is not essential to us. And the more you save the less people will have a job. Suddenly it´s your turn to be laid off because of falling demand. Now the government should step in and help you out because your income is gone. Only problem is there are an ever increasing number of unemployed because of this falling economic activity and they can´t pay you as much as they promised and they can´t print more money to give to you because Bitcoin. Instead you and the ones like you get less and less, the government also gets less because they tax economic activity and there is none.  At this point the government in the real world would use inflation. That evil instrument that in this case would do what exactly? Rase prices? Those bastards! What else? Devalue the money held by the rich in order to give more to the poor by printing money to run deficits and helping the worst off survive. ...wut? Like Robin Hood? Yes. Just like Robin Hood. Also, now with inflation all those who held cash will see their pile of cash slowly becoming worthless, now they look for investments that can give a better rate of return. They see opportunity to sell stuff/services because you know, people at the bottom have money to spend (and poor people spend what they have, unlike rich people. Especially unlike rich people in a deflating economy)  
  
But yeah, deflation is probably better than moderate inflation... 
@_date: 2013-12-21 18:17:53
True, if I where a banker for example I would love to have high inflation. All my assets (money loaned to homeowners for example) are shrinking in value and so is my cashpiles. Yeah, the wealthy love inflation
@_date: 2013-12-08 19:27:31
Thank you for brining up this point about hyper-consumerism. Yes, we are breaking down our planet and destroying our future. But it´s not because of consumerism but materialism. People tend to blame economic activity and growth as something inherently bad for the environment. It does not need to be this way. We simply have too much economic activity in areas that do not take into account the external damage they inflict. Say for example that we did not buy iPads and iPhones that breaks within a year and then just toss in on the pile. Instead we buy the Nokia that lasts three decades. This is all fine and I believe it´s the right approach. But cutting down on consumption is not fine because consumption = jobs. Instead we can shift our economy by different incentives to a more service-oriented one. Give a siccor to a hairdresser and the can "create" thousands of dollars in value using only their time and skills.  
A few things to try to cut down materialism; Products sold should have way longer warranties. Planned obscolecence should take a step back. Like MPG the government should push for ever increasing warranty times and increased consumer protection. If your iPhone becomes too slow to use as intended or simply stops working before the 10 year-warranty is up? Well they have to give you a new one. Anti-rust warranty on cars should be mandatory and increased and so on. This would obviously have to be done over a long time so that the economy can adjust but it would incentivise services (hard to give warranty to a hair-cut or dinner) over goods. Add to this environmental taxes of different kinds (a working carbon-tax that actually costs the companies as much as they pollute for example)  
There are thousands of ways to move our society away from materialism. Making everyone poorer is not the right way to go. 
@_date: 2013-12-22 00:14:36
I am saying that there is a big difference between winning the lottery and what would happend with spending in a deflationary economy. If a useless spoon in my kitchen suddenly became worth a 1000$ over night I would sell that shit and buy my self a PS4. If someone i trusted with all my brain that that spoon would increase in value by 2 to 4% annualy for the rest of my life I would save that and spend the money I earn from other sources. If I where to be paid in these magical spoons I would rethink the way I spend money because, as you say, now I know that my income (my spoons) will be worth more every year and also my boss just told me that he will cut my salary every year for the rest of my life. Da fuq? Better hope for the best and save for the worst. More spoons in my cabinet. I can cut down on lattes and haircuts (I'm actually bald though..). too bad for the hairdresser that is now out of a job. But hey, at least my spoons has appreciated in value, right?
@_date: 2013-12-08 20:20:13
"As for the deflation aspect. People will not lower their living standard significantly to save money. Also keep in mind that the deflation will likely be a small percentage. In the current inflationary regime, people still save money, and in a slightly deflationary regime, people will just as much still spend money."  
Nope. Japan for the past 20 years do not spend just as much money as the did before. They save like crazy. They managed to stay alive because the rest of the world was not also in a deflationary trap, that and what currently is a 240% debt to GDP ratio. If other nations saved like the japanese population their exports would have shattered and that 240% debt ratio would look like nothing if they wished to keep their population alive and/or from returning to a farming society so that they didn´t have to starve. really don´t believe in the dangers of deflation... Look at a X-Coin that has built in inflation instead, that at least has a chance at surviving.  
I am not predicting "extreme" deflation, there is no need for that. Local deflation is bad enough, global deflation on the other hand will send billions back into extreme poverty.   
  
You are missing the point in your last example about purchasing power increasing. People will loose their jobs, and not just a few. Those who do will no longer be able to afford to hoard because you know food and all that. Instead they will drain their savings. The people with money will hold an ever bigger piece of the pie and those with jobs will save even more now that their friends are being laid off left and right. At first government will try and pick up the slack by helping those in need but the tax-base is shrinking fast and deficits are rising and since there is no printing press left they have to cut down on benefits (food for the poor). This drains even more money from activity and now the people with money have even less of an incentive to invest because now they have all this excess capaticty and why would they invest? There is no demand left and their hoarded piles of cash will keep increasing in value.  
Our current system is not perfect but I would rather have a complete cataclysmic meltdown of every currency world wide every two hundered years (and thus reset the clock on loans and pretty much everything) rather than a system where only the essentials are produced/consumed and most people are dirt poor living of the land.  
How´s that for a dark prediction.  
Also, why is inflation so f-ing bad according toIf we did have inflation from printing money that we actually invested in the real economy (building stuff for example) the inflation would eat away the value of those who have money (rich people) and those who don´t have any would see increased economic activity as a result and more jobs to come out of that. I know inflation too can have devestating effects when out of control but moderate inflation is better than deflation. And being able to print money is not evil. 
@_date: 2013-12-21 22:23:03
The gold-standard has been tried and tested. Guess what? The world rejected it. And it is not a conspiracy by the elite to hustle you out of your hard earned money.
@_date: 2013-12-21 20:12:19
Ugh... Nominal changes... For one thing; changing nominal wages to the less (that would be required in any economy that grew and or had a growing population) has been proven to be really tricky. For the other; nominal changes means nothing. If inflation is 10% and the paychecks increase by 10% me as a poor person will not care either way. 10/9 on the other hand is bad, 10/11 is good as my purchasing power increases.  
I don´t believe in trickle down on its own, I believe the best thing for an economy is to strengthen those at the bottom and middle, they tend to spend more of what they get than those at the top.  
Give me one respected economist that can prove that deflation is a good thing. Just one.  
/bitcoin really NEED to feel that deflation is not an issue or even something positive. It´s not.  
@_date: 2013-12-16 21:45:39


I call bullshit. 
@_date: 2013-12-08 18:48:50
Ok, so I was not to bright in pointing at the day to day trade. Either way that makes no difference because this discussion is about the long run. My bad on bringing that into here.
@_date: 2013-12-08 13:12:23
Not good enough. The effects of deflation are proven beyond a doubt. Plus, you allways have the alternative to spend USD (or whatever local currency you use) instead of BTC. Why spend the one you know will increase in value while the other is sure to loose value?  
Not sure what you mean with the gold but pegging currencies to gold ended in the 30´s because of the deflation issue. No modern economy would go back to pegging to gold because unless you can find gold in a ever faster pace to keep up with population growth and productivity gains there will be deflation and the problems I just described are only a few of the issues that will arise.
@_date: 2013-12-09 22:58:26
Haha! Yeah that would happen...
@_date: 2013-12-21 22:25:04
Oh, if that is so then I misunderstood him completely and yes I would agree with that statement. But it is a really strange statement... That is like saying that any system of governance is doomed because all states fail eventually. 
@_date: 2013-12-08 21:14:44
I will read up on early american economy, I did not know about that. 
However, comparing five years fluctuation of a tiny e-currency to how it would act on a global scale is not going to give any applicable information
@_date: 2013-12-21 22:27:19
"This rule does not hold true in the bitcoin economy and everyone involved fully understands this and expects to get less bitcoins as its exchange rate rises." Yeah, explain that to someone in the 30´s -"It´s ok, don´t worry about us lowering your wage, the value of your money is going up". It doesn´t work that way. Google "sticky wages", it is not unheard of and the choice of currency would not matter.  
@_date: 2013-12-21 17:05:55
I wouldn´t know but there should be at least some built in. But the complete denial of the deflation-issue is so wide spread in this community that I feel like there is a real need to lift it as often as possible.  
I tried to lift this issue earlier and got a range of answers. Most just say "Inflation is worse" (why?), some point to morals and environment ("we shouldn´t consume as much as we do anyway"), some say we will have "better" economic growth if we had minor deflation (not giving a fair reason as to why that would be the case or for that matter how it would be better) some actually pointed to cases in history where economic growth were present even in the face of deflation. I did look into the last one as I was not aware of it before and the examples where early US economy and 1930´s Turkey. These nations experienced growth during a substantial deflationary period. The common denominator was that both where underdeveloped and where advancing rapidly in technology and they did not have endebted housholds that suffered. Besides those there seem to be little to none that has had positive experiences with deflationary periods, in fact most of those periods where connected to recessions or worse.  
Sorry, that got out of hand..
@_date: 2013-12-21 16:27:29
"A sound currency needs to stay valuable over time, have a limited supply, and be easily divisible and portable."  
Yeah if you could just go ahead and back the second point up that would be great.  Fiat is not something new and unproven and does not constitute an un-sound currency by default. Having deflation built in to your currency on the other hand...
@_date: 2013-12-22 00:25:18
I am not saying that it CAN'T happen again, in most likelyhood it will happen again. But it is not built into the system for it to fail either. And it is not built into a fixed currency to fail either, a decline in population can be offsetting enough. I would rather have a fiat system with inflation that can give us a healthier economy by average than a fixed-ammount economy with deflation that will always be held back and create a lot higher unemployment as a result. oh and hyperinflation will kick in any second now... Aaaaany second.. Mr. Ron Paul, when was that supposed to happen? Oh, 2009? Ok, I'll just wait. It can happen, I know. But there are more advanced mechanics to it than just printing money = inflation
@_date: 2013-12-21 17:29:40
Look up Novacoin, they apparently built it into their system.  
Well, there are more to inflation than that. Having inflation around 2-4% does not break an economy, what it does on the other hand is keep unemployment down by incentivizing people to spend/invest their money thus keeping the economy moving (velocity of money). Being able to effect the inflationrate through interestrates is not necessarly about directing the economy but stabilising it. Too much inflation is really bad and most deflation is also really bad, finding that sweet spot is the tricky part. This is also why most nations made their central banks unaccountable to the public (that is, the politicians); giving politicians the power over central banks would make the monerary policy more uncertain and the power of the interestrate would weaken. The option to tampering with the interestrates and in effect the inflation is to let the market work its magic, that however has time and time again proven to not work (the businesscycle gets much worse, recessions turns into depressions and so on)  
Inflation is not evil
@_date: 2013-12-08 19:30:42
As an investment it is currently really interesting. I would love to have some cash at hand to spend on BTC right now (when better to buy than after a fifty point drop?!). But in the long run? As a global currency? No, this is not going to work out. There is a reason no one pegs their currency to gold any longer
@_date: 2013-12-22 00:30:56
I am talking about hypothetical deflationary economies, one that would be constant if bitcoin where to become the de facto currency. Not blaming bitcoin for what is happening now
@_date: 2013-12-21 20:01:09
Well I think you miss plenty of issues. Take this as an excercise; How many people do you know that work with things that are "essential" for the general publics lifes? I.e. those things that you will always spend your money on no matter how bad it gets.
Restaurants? Nope, that´s a luxury. Coffee? Nope. Electronics store? Nope.  
In a deflationary, developed economy people will loose their jobs in droves because your spending is another persons income. "People will still spend money in deflation", yeah they will, on those things that are essential. And the more people loosing their jobs the less things will seem essential because... You might be next.  
Money isn´t wealth as you say but deflation decreases the velocity of money and thus making everyone poorer.  
Essentially you want to turn deflation into something positive and it is not. Yes, there are a few example of economies that managed to grow during deflation but those economies have no similarities to our current economies (they where undeveloped, closed economies with little to no household debts that mostly relied on farming) The issue if deflation is a bad things or not is not really especially debated among economists, it´s a little like environmental research; the issue if we are hurting our environment or not is not exactly debated, we do however debate how badly we effect it and what causes what.
Deflation has a few moral, superficial benefits but that should not cover the fact that it is terrible for real people.
@_date: 2013-12-21 17:19:38
And what is the average span of a currency that is not based on fiat money? Are there skewed distributions of the different versions of currencies? For example could there be a correlation between unstable nations and the use of fiat money? If my nation waged a civil war and then tried to set up a new currency as things settled I would guess that for example gold is not something that you could back your new currency with as there would probably not be something you had lying around so you would most likely chose a fiat system.  
That statistics is so pulled out of thin air that you can hardly take it seriously. Of course currencies fail. So do nations.  
In that article they point to the sterling and say "Yeah, ok, this one survived but look at how much of its value it lost!" I see the sterling as a success that proves that fiat money can work for hundreds of years. And if it can work for a hundreds then why not thousands of years? Fiat is NOT doomed to fail and the loss of value is a bullshit argument against it. Yes the sterling is only worth 1/200th of its original value but how much more do the average person earn? 1000 times more than the original nominal value? 2000? Nominal value is not really interesting. Disposable income, wage increases, CPI those things are interesting.  
Saying that fiat money has an average life expecancy of 27 years says nothing. 
@_date: 2013-12-08 19:06:41
Well for one thing dollar are the currency that is being used now so you don´t have a lot of options. Also, few people tend to just sit on USD. Yes, people do save USD but often in the form of some kind of asset. I would not withdraw my USD and let them sit around doing nothing. Instead I would use those to invest in stocks for example that hopefully would gain a greater return than what inflation eats away. This money would be spent to my best judgement on what is a productive company that can grow and hopefully pay dividends bla bla bla. The market at work right?  
  
Well, turn that on its head and look at a deflating currency. Now I don´t have to take any risks like with stocks, I will not have to choose the best place for my money to be invested. Investing would be associated with risk and I am getting richer by the day doing nothing. If I only buy what is most necessary for a few years I might retire early and never have to work again! It´s not that simple, I know but the mechanics is there.    
  
Those who argue FOR deflation keeps comming back to talking points like "we shouldn´t really consume that much anyway" and so on. The issue here is that most of us work with stuff that is not essential for others survival and letting loose a deflationary spiral across the globe (that is if bitcoins became the global currency) would wreck the economy. Then again, I do see the issues with materialism and the focus on that consumerism has. However, spending money is not the problem and we can chose what we spend it on. For example services have little or no negative impact on the world compared to consumption of goods. There is no need to waste resources getting a haircut and a massage never hurt anyone. (I am going off topic here but the morality issue against consumerism is often a big issue in these circles) Spending money makes us all richer and the faster we spend it the richer we become. We as a society can chose where to spend our money and we can chose to do so in areas where it does not cost us our environment. About now someone thinks "But we have to make real things for the economy to work, we can´t all just be hairdressers". True, we need people at the farms, people building houses and people transporting our food and so on. But the economy is about adding value and selling things that other want. It does not really matter what that is as long as we have that level of material goods as we need.  
Yeah, that got off topic... Just wanted to show that the issue of the consumerism society is not an unsolvable one and we DO NOT have to solve it by making everyone poorer. Maybe we need to buy less iPads but then we enter a discussion about what wealth is about. 
@_date: 2013-12-08 20:40:00
1. Good luck finding an investment that can produce those returns in a deflationary economy. Also, comparing what is happening to the x-Coins in their current forms to what would happen if they where a global currency is not useful.  
  
2. Some would say Japan is a nice example. Some 20 years of deflation has lead to savingsrates unseen anywhere else in the developed world and a stagnated economy. Also 240% debt to GDP. If the rest of the world was in the same position things would not look this "good" for them at the moment. Without their ability to print money the GDP-growth they experienced would not have materialised.
@_date: 2013-12-21 20:04:25
Yeah, economists fucked up the world. Deregulations of the financial system had nothing to do with it (deragulation that came from special interest lobby groups talking politicians into doing things that where bad from the economy as a whole.)  
@_date: 2013-12-08 13:20:55
I hadn´t even thought about that...   
My view is that there is not a question of if Bitcoin crashes (I.e. becomes worthless) but when. Still, it would be fun to invest in it right now :)
@_date: 2013-12-08 20:46:47
I agree with you. Working less hours would also mean that more people could get jobs. And if you read some of my other posts I too would love to see less materialism. Bitcoin would not be the answer to those issues though unless you see everyone being dirt poor as better than over consuming. If any system should replace the current one why chose the most terrible? Why not go straight for Star Trek and (almost) no one has to work? (I am serious, the day when that is possible is getting here fast.)
@_date: 2013-12-08 20:21:44
I prefer an inflationary currency. Here´s to the crazy ones!
@_date: 2013-12-21 22:20:51
Ugh... Of course spending of bit coins increases when the value goes up. You have a whole bunch of people that has litterally won the lottery, of course they will spend some of that profit. The ammount being spent on purchasing goods and services are however not keeping up as a ratio to the total market cap of BTC, not by a long shot. One major reason for this is that people are pushing up the value for speculative reasons. Another is that believers of bit coin are "In it for the long run" as they say. Unknowingly those are the ones that will make sure that the system fails. Tell me again why I would spend BTC instead of USD? Is there any reason? I own a quarter of a bitcoin but I can´t for the life of me even find a place that accepts it around here. Maybe I should buy some drugs.  
Yeah, in a bitcoin-world your savings would increase in value. But your paycheck would drop in nominal terms every year thus ofsetting that "profit" you just made. The people getting rich/making nice profits off of bit coin are sure feeling good, I understand that. But what those of you (us) who own BTC feel when our investments appreciates in value is not the same as what we would feel if everyones paychecks where in BTC.  
Again, I understand that BTC wont deflate like it has forever. IF it would truly catch on there would be an enormous boom in the value and eventually the deflation would taper off. But it will always be there and wheter or not deflation is bad is not debated in other places than among goldbugs and /bitcoin subscribers. Actually, here it is not debated, it is taken for a fact. Ron Paul 2090!
@_date: 2013-12-21 22:11:01
Yeah, good luck with that
@_date: 2013-12-08 13:19:18
I don´t think the speed of adoption will be an issue, it´s picking up fast. However, the faster the adoption spreads the sooner the issues I describe will start to matter. (higher demand = higher value = less people selling. Typical bubble mentality that can be found in any market, stocks especially.)  
It is true that mercs cashing in coins will keep trade flowing but my guesstimate is that those who accept BTC believe in the system themself and thus have less of an incentive to sell. It´s like someone giving you IT-shares in 1999 as payment for you services and the value of the stocks have risen close to 100% a year for a while. Holding it a little further will give you even more money! You can´t loose... Right? At least not as long as there is demand for it
@_date: 2013-12-21 19:12:09
The multiplier is usually 9 but yeah, that´s about right.
But the M3 money supply is not what you are explaining, I think you are describing M2 (I could be wrong though). M3 would be needed with bit coins as well. If I buy a service from you and promise to pay you back in a month you (we) have effectively created "money" if you define money that broadly as M3 does. M3 contains things like insurances and promised future payments. In our case I can still spend my money and you own a claim to my future money. I can do this to several people thus creating even more "money", this regardless of the currency we decide on using (BTC or USD).  
Either way, the inflation isn´t the issue in your case, it´s that bankers can earn money by creating money. You too can do this, if you want me to pay you back more than the service was initially valued you want interest from me for not paying you up front thus you earn money by "creating" money. But yeah, I agree that it is odd how banks can create money but then again, when the mortgage for example is paid back that money "disapear" as the asset (the mortgage) is gone. It´s the same thing that the FED is doing with its current QE, yeah they are printing money but when things go back to normal (i.e not mass unemployment) then they will start selling off their assets and their balancesheets will shrink (the money will disappear)  
Either way, it´s not as simple as the goldbugs/bitcoinbugs wants you all to believe. Economy is not an exact science but that does not mean that some of the smartest people have thought about it for hundereds of years without getting any closer to some models that can actually be used to explain what is happening. Compare this to environmental studies. Few still deny humanity is causing changes in the environment but exactly explaining/predicting something as complex as the environment is about as difficult as explaining the global economy.
@_date: 2013-12-08 18:47:28
So this sucks... Not your reply but the fact that I just spent 15 minutes writing a respons and then click the wrong button, erasing it all. So I will short it down.  
  
  
"...over time it will also serve as a good store of value, so yes people will save with it, this is not a heinous crime or illegal"  This is the root of all the problems. The more people save, the faster it will increase in value because supply will drop. The main issue with this reply is that it diminishes the deflation-issue to the point where it is almost a virtue. It is truly built in to this system that money will stop moving, everyone who can will hoard and those who cant (everyone without a job by now because of a economy staying in a constant shape of depression) will always have to spend what they get.
I see what you are saying but I can´t agree with you. There are assumptions that just don´t hold. "Banks and loans" are bad for example. I would argue that banks and loans serve a real purpouse in our economy by making sure money goes to safe investments that will become productive. Yes, this is a flawed system as we see but that is because of bad policy (or lack there of) and not banks themself. About loans that requires interest and thus the total sum of loans will never be paid back is just to simplified to be taken at face value. One issues that comes to mind at the top of my head: Credit losses. Those alone are a few percentagepoints a year I would guess. Either way, Zeitgeist did not take all the factors involved into account.  
  Just throwing this in here as well; Sticky wages. People have a real beef with accepting pay cuts. Lowering the nominal wage is just close to impossible. Greece has managed to do so but... you know, they more or less have a gun to their head and a population that for some reason wishes to stay in the euro... Also mass civil-uprest and the rise of the extreme right movement. 
  Second; you are downplaying the role of deflation to a ridiculous level. It will not foster a natural, healthy growth. Take Japan as an example, for some 20 years they had deflation now and one thing that their story tells us is that the only thing that sells well in a deflationary economy is safes. Thankfully for them they are the only major economy that has had deflation. If everyone had it at once their situation would have been a lot worse. Also, if they did not have the possibility to print money to increase their debtburden the unemployment numbers would have skyrocketed by now. Combine those two issues and you have a world based on bitcoins.  
  
Third; You seem to assume that consumption is inherently bad. A few things about this; the first is that consumption does not need to be about physical items. Services are also a form of consumption. I agree with many here that materialism (not consumerism) is hurtful to our nature and long term outlook but making sure that we all end up being poorer because of a morality issue you have with people spending money is not a realistic way to go. Deflation would hurt investments, innovation, overall economic activity and jobs. I often read here that people will always buy things. Yes, they do. Even in the great depression people bought things. Food, blankets, shelter for the night. Long term world wide deflation would mean that those with limited means would spend what they could get as those with wealth would hoard ever more cash because you know, corporations are not people and they don´t really need food and blankets.  
  
By the time all the bitcoins have been mined I think you are right, not much would happen. Because by now the economy would have ground to a halt.  
  
There are a ton of other issues but I honestly don´t have time to answer them tonight... When bitcoin is the  currency in the world you know my real name. Feel free to come and mock me then.
@_date: 2013-12-08 20:47:31
I never said bitcoin would lead to NO spending, however there would be a dramatical slowdown in economic activity.
@_date: 2013-12-08 13:10:17
Single seller cashing in the profits/cutting their losses with a buyer lined up. 
@_date: 2013-12-08 23:40:37
... That is a really strange argument.  
One product category deflating will not alter any type of diverse economy. CPI is based on a wide range of products, electronics being one of them. In other words, electronics effects the CPI for every item and thus it will have an overall deflationary effect.  
I guess you want me to say that I wanted one "now" and even though it would be 33% cheaper in a year I was willing to spend the money now thus proving deflation to be a non-issue. You are right about the first part. However if deflation had taking hold of the entire economy instead plenty of people would in fact wait with buying that car this year as their current one is still running and a brand new one will be cheaper next year. At the start a whole bunch of people will think like that, then deflation becomes more understood generally in society and next year even more people wait till "next year". Suddenly the demand for new cars is falling like a rock because it will always be cheaper later. But now employment fall because demand is falling. I still haven´t bought my car and now I think that maybe my job is next, I might really not need that car and instead build up my savings. And as an added benefit to my new found frugal life my money will continue to increase in purchasing power by just lying around. Better safe than sorry. Now you have a different story than just one product category falling in price and this time it´s costing people their jobs.
@_date: 2013-12-21 22:28:29
Well, I actually say pretty much everywhere in /bitcoin that deflation is inherently bad for an economy. I believe that most if not all economists would agree
@_date: 2013-12-08 13:28:40
Crap, I gotta run! I will be back in a few hours to reply. This just got interesting
