@_author: osowp95
@_date: 2018-01-03 03:12:11
BitcoinIRA works. They charge a fee up front when you buy your Bitcoin. The challenge is finding a passive custodian who won't gut you with fees to hold on to your funds. BitcoinIRA works through Kingdom Trust, which has done gold IRAs and other stuff for some time. However, effective 01 JAN, they jacked the rates sky-high (from $100 annually to about 1% APR). I'm still pissed.
Also, a personal opinion, make sure you have your ducks in a row for long term saving. Even if you believe in Bitcoin, Crypto is super speculative. Don't throw your entire retirement nest-egg into it.
@_date: 2018-01-03 13:46:32
I think it’s 7 years. But I’m not a superstitious guy.
Also, I’d spring the extra $10-$20 to order the acrylic mirror from twowaymirrors.com. From my reading, acrylic is far less likely to break.
@_date: 2018-01-03 12:32:03
@_date: 2018-01-03 09:59:25
That was the most fun for me, but took planning and figuring a lot out. You can build it how you want. For me, I bought a computer monitor at Goodwill, and planned the mirror dimensions off of that. I ordered glass from twowaymirrors.com and made sure the glass was 1/4” wider than the interior dimensions of the frame design.
The frame is from a 2” x 3” x 8’ pine board I bought at Home Depot. I cut a notch that was 1/4” wide and 3/8” deep down the length of the board 3/8 of an inch from the front of the entire board. That notch is the recess the glass slides into. Then I cut the board into the lengths I needed. The bottom frame piece has several 1” diameter holes for the power strip and usb extensions to protrude through. 
I did a lot of sanding, filing, and primarily used wood glue to hold the frame pieces together. After finishing the assembly I used Linseed Oil on the wood to make the grain stand out.
@_date: 2018-01-03 19:23:37
That’s a griddle. Great for bacon and eggs.
@_date: 2018-01-03 12:31:22
No, the MMM-cryptocurrencies module has some settings you can configure to do the charts
@_date: 2018-01-03 10:06:34
I don’t think it’d be terribly suitable. Everything is very readable, but the resolution isn’t super-fine through the mirror.
@_date: 2018-01-03 02:47:10
I just needed a lawyer in my life
@_date: 2018-01-26 00:45:31
Maybe they’ll be more honest than Kingdom Trust was. My fees went from $100 annually to $4000 annually at current market rates as of January 1st.
@_date: 2018-01-26 02:09:56
It was a flat $100 annual fee. In order to put Bitcoin into the self directed IRA you pay a 15% premium through a separate company, BitcoinIRA. Then Kingdom Trust serves as the passive custodian. The system made since since the holding fee was low. There were some one time fees and every transaction fees, but after the back end for long term storage was pretty cheap. Made the operation reasonable.
They changed the fee structure egregiously in January, charging $240 per year, plus a roughly 1% holding fee (.89% APR by my math). And the transaction fees are much larger. I feel pretty cheated, but I already paid my fee up front.
I would have been better off just pulling the money out of my IRA and buying the Bitcoin outright. I’m still fuming.
@_date: 2018-01-03 03:21:02
Why, don't you breakfast with dudes? It's horrible to say, but we actually usually have sausage... and eggs.
@_date: 2018-01-07 16:26:23
That’s a tremendous amount of data and a relatively high fee. I’m not gonna convert that, but fees are Typically expressed in Satoshis per byte.
I’ve used this site successfully in the past. 
Currently, 74 satoshis / byte will get you confirmed in approx 1008 blocks (7.5 Days)
@_date: 2018-01-03 09:48:29
@_date: 2018-01-03 03:17:02
In case anyone is wondering, that'a a MagicMirror I built over Christmas. Learned a lot of woodworking, and a little bit more Linux in the process.
Link below if you have interest in building your own: 
@_date: 2017-12-31 15:30:09
I thought the same, then I thought... why not?
@_date: 2017-12-01 01:25:54
It has a bit. I’m mid career in a job with a significant defined benefit pension, and will be able to retire at 42 if I do desire. My wife and I also contribute to our IRAs and have a good sized nest egg for folks out age. I bought Bitcoin in late 2014 and early 2015, and in January of this year I transferred a portion of my Roth IRA into Bitcoin (and an alt). Though I don’t have tremendous holdings, the gains have been a bit staggering.
I genuinely enjoy what I do and find it meaningful, and so far haven’t changed how I live, but my portfolio has gotten out of whack and now I’m really asking questions like “what do I really want to do when I wrap up my current career?”  I did recently develop a plan to sell a fraction of my crypto as it grows, but that plan involves holding most of it for the long haul.
It seems unlikely I would need to work after “first retirement” at this point, but I have started exploring quite a few hobbies that I could expand into something I am passionate about doing or finding ways to share those interests with others. I’m very interested in different avenues to use my newfound wealth to begin a “care farming”, operation. It incorporates agriculture into behavioral health therapies for people with behavioral health issues. But it remains to be seen what I end up doing.
It’s a good problem to have; mostly liberating, but in many ways a bit disorienting. Work is a part of who I am, but if I have the choice to do anything (or nothing) what will I do?
@_date: 2015-12-16 23:11:38
[It's far more concerning than the original version of CISA.]( Private citizens will no longer have a right of action, even if companies demonstrate gross negligence or willful misconduct in handling your personally identifiable information when they transmit it to the government. And the president can authorize other agencies to receive the information directly, bypassing what little quality controls existed in the previous versions of CISA. Blegh...
@_date: 2017-02-15 02:05:27
Bitcoinpaperwallet.com has a great website for explaining them. You can also buy a Ubuntu boot disc with the software loaded. The owner of the website is Canton Becker, a well known personality who has a good reputation for educating people about Bitcoin.
You can also download the JavaScript for making your own Paper wallets from Github and make them / print them with your computer offline (preferred solution). I personally would trust Canton Becker's Ubuntu boot discs. They're easy enough that I figured them out.
@_date: 2017-01-17 01:55:36
A few questions:
1)  When you say you have $1 million in Consumer Protection Insurance, is that per investor, or is that the net coverage for your entire business?
1A) How would we confirm that this policy exists? Is there a way to contact Lloyds of London or is the policy posted somewhere?
2) Can I transfer funds to you from a more traditional service (such as an existing Vanguard Roth IRA)?
3) Can I sell my Bitcoin through your company and transfer the value of the Roth Account back to another more traditional service, or am I stuck keeping my Bitcoin with you until I'm at least 59 1/2? :)
3A) If I'm going to buy or sell Bitcoin through Bitcoin IRA, what exchange do you use / exchange rate do you use?
@_date: 2017-01-17 03:05:13
Thanks. A couple of follow ups:
1) My first question is more about how Consumer Protection Insurance works. Is it something sort of like FDIC insurance on a bank account, where if someday something catastrophic happened at BitcoinIRA or the wallet holding service and my Bitcoin vanished, I would be paid back the value of the Bitcoin? If that is the case, would I be paid up to $1 million, or is that $1 million in coverage spread across all clients? Or am I completely misunderstanding what Consumer Protection Insurance is / does. I understand that if the value of my investment decreases, no one is making up my losses. I just want assurances that if BitcoinIRA or the third party messes up and loses my assets, or goes out of business, Lloyds of London would step in and pay me back some (all?) of what I invested.
2) What state is BitcoinIRA organized under? No offense, but I would like to do some some extra diligence before sending money to any business that is crypto-related.
3) Color me interested. Seems like a neat service. Just have to look at your up front fees (the WSJ article is behind a paywall and I've got to figure that one out).
@_date: 2016-11-19 04:14:06
Thanks for your efforts, good luck in future endeavors, and put the folks who've never done anything in their lives to create or be a part of something behind you.
@_date: 2017-11-28 13:01:13
Thanks! I love tinkering, and such a web page wouldn’t be too hard to make, even with my really rudimentary programming skills. Might be a fun project. I’ll keep it in mind.
@_date: 2015-07-29 02:00:49
No. I have paper wallets that I generated from a Linux boot disc (with a bitcoin paperwallet generator) on an offline computer. I printed the wallets out and immediately sealed them so that the private address was hidden without recording the private keys. I've been using the address on the outside of the wallet to deposit bitcoin into each paper wallet 2-3 times (as I purchase Bitcoin).
I keep them in a bolted down firesafe, so they're pretty secure and I feel pretty comfortable with them there without having a backup. I'll take a look at what you talked about, but I pretty much did it this way to make sure there was no risk of compromise. These things pretty much became bearer bonds the way I did it.
Should anyone have concerns about privacy when I finally sweep the funds out of these paper wallets?
@_date: 2015-07-13 21:37:09
I like the analysis and the reasonable estimates. My thought is that the latest bout of "extend and pretend" is just another opportunity for people to buy and hold a small bit of Bitcoin. Like you highlighted, I think we're only going to see a small minority of Greeks who purchase any Bitcoin, and among those, few will make large investments.
I do think the numbers could be skewed by wealthier Greeks who have large amounts of assets to protect. My intuition tells me the Greeks with more assets and wealth would be more likely to diversify into Bitcoin (though I also think it's foolish to purchase over 5% of net worth into Bitcoin; I even think 1-2% is pushing it).
But even if it's just 30 Million Euro over 3 months, we're talking about a very small market cap of $4B, with lots of HODLers. 3600 Bitcoins mined per day * 90 days * $300 per coin = $97 Million that the Bitcoin ecosystem would need to take in over a more or less constant rate over that timeframe. If 3/10 of that comes from a tiny country of 10 million people called Greece, that could provide an decent amount of upward pressure to the price.
@_date: 2015-07-13 21:42:31
Touche, and good point. 
That would also fall in the category of foolish.
@_date: 2018-02-27 19:42:36
I’m pretty sure putting a “no offense!” disclaimer after calling someone dumb doesn’t make it inoffensive, but hey, Reddit is filled with people without social skills and limited cognitive skills. 
I never said Wright was Satoshi. I have not completely ruled out the possibility that he had something to do with the nascent days of Bitcoin, or that he was even associated / part of a shared Satoshi persona. He has demonstrated untruthfulness and what he says warrants exceptional scrutiny. However, he seems to have some previous association with Dave Kleiman, and Kleiman’s role in the early days of Bitcoin is plausible. What role, if any, they may have played is still unclear, but the whole episode is interesting, hence the reason we’re commenting on it on Reddit...
@_date: 2018-02-28 18:08:21
Sure don’t, but I still use it for some things around the house (ssh into my file server, etc)
@_date: 2018-02-28 19:47:20
Good luck! I’m very happy with my decision to go Mint. Seems to be well supported.
@_date: 2018-03-07 11:55:58
The downward pressure on the price from such sales is pretty enormous. I read on Bloomberg that the sales have been ongoing since September. Assuming the started on September 1st, that's 187 days. There were only approx 33,600 Bitcoin mined since then.
Pretty remarkable to think about how many Bitcoin early whales really have.
Edit: forgot to multiply by 12.5. Actually, I’m not sure what the hell kind of math I was doing. 336,000 Bitcoin mines over the timeframe. That’s what I get for waking up and punching a bunch of crap into Excel at 5AM
@_date: 2018-03-07 18:59:41
I think comparing the Mt Gox BTC being released by the trustee to BTC mined is relevant. When they are held, they are effectively out of circulation. Reintroducing then to the active Bitcoin circulation injects additional supply and liquidity into the market. If new Capital isn’t also coming in, that would drive prices down.
@_date: 2018-02-26 19:11:20
See my original post. It would prove someone has access the private key, but not prove that have always had the key or that they are Satoshi Nakamoto. I believe that signing with the private key is a necessary piece of evidence, but not sufficient at this point.
@_date: 2018-02-28 18:14:39
Linux Mint is very accessible and very Linux at the same time. Comes with LibreOffice and a library of open source applications that can be downloaded through the GUI, or you can use Command Line if you really want to. There are several other Linux and Ubuntu distro s that are similar.
Linux Mint accessible enough that my wife is considering putting it on her computer; she prefers mine to her OS X device.
@_date: 2018-02-15 02:05:08
Reading through this, it seems like a stream of nonsense. He says he needs $150k-$300k for legal fees; homeslice just got out of jail 2 days ago according to the booking. Plus there’s a lot of things that just don’t pass the sniff test... I’m very skeptical about the claim.
@_date: 2018-02-15 02:01:49
Very strange to see Customs and Border Protection issue a warrant for violating money transmitter registration laws. I wouldn’t think that would be their bailiwick unless it was “laundering” remittances or taking funds in/out of the country without declaring. But that’s seems really legally nebulous to convict on.
This form seems to say it’s a warrant served by the US Marshals  on behalf of CBP.  It may just be on US Marshals letterhead since their agency chases down federal fugitives who don’t show for trial dates, etc. Seems kinda odd. But hey, anything can happen in the Wild West of Crypto.
@_date: 2018-02-26 18:59:40
I think this is interesting. I’m highly skeptical that Craig S Wright is truly Satoshi Nakamoto, however it seems that Dave Kleiman May have been Satoshi or shared the alias with others (which may or may not have included Wright). Wright seems to be a headcase, and he has clearly been dishonest in the past about details of any role he may have played in the early days of Bitcoin, so at this point I definitely look at anything he says with a significant amount of skepticism.
If this filing is fraud, it’s one of the queen mothers of elaborate frauds. 
No single action will prove who is Satoshi Nakamoto at this point, in my personal analysis. In the right context, signing a message with Satoshi’s private key could put this mystery to rest, but even now I don’t think that is enough by itself. I’d want to know more; did someone get access to the original Satoshi’s private key? Or was Satoshi a group of people and now one person has the key? What was Kleiman’s role (if any)? What has been going on since Satoshi vanishes? Why would Satoshi reenter the stage after vanishing and leaving 1,000,000 Bitcoin untouched for so long?
I find the whole episode interesting. Maybe one day we’ll be able to fill in the gaps.
I grabbed a fairly pretty interesting recap of this whole drama and put it below:
@_date: 2018-02-28 12:21:14
Crypto opened my eyes to Linux / Ubuntu. Now I have computers that run both in my house. The computer I use every day is Linux Mint. It was a cheap $500 laptop that came with Windows 10 and was almost unusable out of the box. I put Linux Mint in it, and it just worked better and faster. It does everything I need it to do. This week my wife asked to “upgrade” her computer to Linux Mint as well after great experiences using my computer, vs her MacBook Pro.
As much as I love Bitcoin, I also love the fact that command line doesn’t scare me and that my world is bigger than Windows even more.
@_date: 2015-09-10 20:47:45


Thanks. I'll definitely check it out!
@_date: 2016-10-16 12:28:55
Thanks. Makes sense.
@_date: 2015-11-04 14:05:58
Sounds good. I use GreenAddress, though I very seldom have had a chance to use it.
I was was unclear that the key is not transmitted. To restate what you said, GreenAddress will use the private key from my paper wallet to sign the transaction, but won't actually propagate the private key across any nodes, correct?
I'm tracking I should sweep all funds and  not reuse the paper wallet once I have swept it, since the private key has been compromised. You agree, correct?
@_date: 2015-11-04 14:16:51
Thanks. I'm clear on this now. So I type in the key and some mathematical magic happens to sign the transaction, and that signature is broadcast, but the key itself isn't broadcast. Got it.
@_date: 2015-11-20 16:00:15
In Afghanistan, we intervened and occupied.
In Iraq, we intervened and occupied.
In Libya, we intervened and did not occupy.
In Syria, we neither intervened nor occupied (despite your assertion, I've seen no credible evidence that we were engaged in a tangible equipping or training program [until sometime in 2013, and even then it was spitting on a fire. We started the now defunct DOD train and equip program in 2014, after ISIS took Northern Iraq] (
All four of those examples are a mess. And then there's Nigeria, which no one even really talks about.
I think you, and Andreas, vastly oversimplify things when you say:
"Now if you hand over weapons, cars, man pad rocket launchers and money to opposition forces in the area it's irresponsible to just leave them to it and have their stuff ripped off by Daesh forces. So irresponsible that it's easy to assume negligence or even intent."
Getting to the point of Syria, there are several actors beyond the U.S. at play, and there were plenty of weapons to capture. It didn't help when the ISIS invaded Northern Iraq in the Summer of 2014 and took entire brigade sets of Iraqi equipment. But even before that, the ISIS cadre took lessons learned from when they were the Islamic State of Iraq to employ cheap and easily attainable devices as IEDs, small arms, and suicide weapons to great effect.
Basically, you speak of a monolithic and clueless super-power, when in reality, it is an extremely fragmented and divided entity. The Department of Defense, CIA, and other government entities don't set policy, nor do they have full awareness of what's going on. Political appointees of elected politicians set policy. I personally believe that's a far better explanation for a major reason we've had incoherent and schizophrenic policies, though I definitely do not advocate removing civilian control of federal agencies.
The other issue is that the problems in the Middle East, and the Islamic world more generally, are deep. Many of them are second and third order affects of U.S. policies, but there are a great many that are not. What we are seeing now is the confluence of U.S. failures and other problems. It's scary and it's bad, but it's also unlikely to cause the destruction of the Western world. However, if allowed to destabilize the entire middle east, that could have severe economic consequences, because oil and all that.
TL;DR I still think your point, and Andreas', is reductionist. If you want to learn more, read books, Travel, and talk to people who don't think and believe like you. If you want to change the world, volunteer in your community, join the military, join the Foreign Service, join the Peace Corps, do private sector volunteer work , and be active politically. None of that shit is actually easy, but it is tangible. And use Bitcoin, because one of the possible side effects is that it could change the U.S. government's economic influence in the world (though IMO that would come with good and bad consequences, and usually only the good ones are discussed on this sub)
@_date: 2015-11-20 18:21:20
Yeah, because the DIA has zero authorities as a direct action arm of the U.S. government. Lieutenant General Flynn is absolutely correct. Not even a Combatant Commander (i.e. CENTCOM) can initiate operations against a force without the authority of the Secretary of Defense, which ultimately comes from the President.
So yeah, he can collect intel, submit reports, and make recommendations, but policy decisions as large as "do we intevene in Syria" are not made by people in uniform or at the CIA. There are also things like violating another State's (Syria's) sovereignty without a UN Security resolution for legal cover at play there. Also, what happens if a pilot gets shot down and falls into "proto-ISIS" hands? 
Frankly, the it seems to me the President felt the people of the U.S. (and even more importantly, his political allies) wanted him to keep out of Iraq and Syria. That was a major policy position of his campaign platform, and combat troops had just departed Iraq in December 2011. 
The Libya intervention will always mystify me, but go back to White House, State Department, and DOD press statements from the time, as well as think tank debates about the Arab Spring if you want to put together an idea of why he made a decision to intervene there.
I hate to break it to you, but Glenn Greenwald generally preys off of the average person's ignorance of how federal entities work. That being said, sometimes he makes very salient points. This is not one of those times.
If you're curious, the authorities for DOD, the CIA, the DIA, and others can be found in Title 10 (Military authorities) and Title 50 (Intelligence Authorities) of the U.S. Code. Don't expect to make sense of them in one sitting.
@_date: 2016-10-16 12:29:07
Thank you.
@_date: 2015-11-20 14:23:17
I agree with your 2nd paragraph to some extent. There's a significant amount of responsibility the U.S. bears for the rise of ISIS. I would make the case that it is indirect responsibility, as I don't buy most of the fringe stuff about the U.S. providing any manner of direct support to ISIS.
Ultimately, it's impossible to show what the counterfactuals of U.S. policy could have been. Would we have lost the Cold War if we hadn't supported the House of Saud and other Middle Eastern Autocrats? Would ISIS have remained a latent Wahhabi movement if we hadn't pulled out of Baghdad entirely, the Iraqi Prime Minister hadn't indicted his Sunni vice president (the day after we left, by the way), and Iranian backed Popular Mobilization Forces  / Quds Forces backfilled our forces, all which ultimately resulted in alienation The Iraqi Sunni population and made fertile ground for ISIS? Nobody can prove what might have been. 
But we can have grown up conversations about it. What Andreas is saying is not a grown up conversation.
TL;DR this shit is complicated, we all want simple answers, and in geopolitics, the people who offer you the easiest answers are typically the ones bullshitting you the most, or who don't understand what they're talking about in the first place.
@_date: 2015-11-04 14:00:56
Makes sense. Thanks for the clarification. I have real concerns about typing/scanning that private key. But if it is only used to sign the transaction, then I'm comfortable. 
@_date: 2015-11-04 14:25:36
I did. But I did it with an online wallet and when the block size wasn't a major concern. It makes sense that I misunderstood the mechanics of what was going on somewhat. Since its been over a year, I'll probably do a dry run with a small wallet like you suggested. Thanks again!
@_date: 2015-11-04 14:01:39
I'll check it out. Thanks.
@_date: 2015-10-05 19:21:15
Does anyone know if it will support an IRA or Roth IRA containing Bitcoin / other Cryptocurrencies?
If so, any minimum balances or minimum recurring deposits? Any dates when these features will be available?
@_date: 2015-11-19 21:08:22
This is so overwhelmingly reductionist it could be funny, but people on the Interwebs actually believe this stuff.  Unfortunately, the guy saying this is undoubtedly a  brilliant mind and lots of others will listen because they identify with his politics and he's saying what they want to believe.
We'd all be better off to read books, travel the world, and read up on current events instead of listen to ideological technologists when it comes to making sense of geopolitics. But if you're going to watch a 3 minute video to explain how ISIS formed, [I recommend this](
And if you want to read a further article online, [I'd start here](
Or you can believe some fringe theory that concludes that world governments (The U.S. in particular) are hypercompetently pulling off a bunch of false flag operations while simultaneously believing these governments are completely inept and incapable.
Anyways, Andreas, stick to what you know, which is Bitcoin... 
Getting back onto the topic of Bitcoin: Maybe you're really worried the Europeans will overreact and start outlawing Bitcoin, but I honestly don't see that happening. They'll probably review their KYC / AML regulations and consider Bitcoin about as much a threat for financing terrorists as cash or gold.
 
@_date: 2016-10-16 22:19:19
Can you explain why? I was a math guy in undergrad (13 years ago...), and find Bitcoin fascinating, but have little formal training on public key cryptography.
The multisig address would be intended for single use (though of course it could conceivably be used by non privacy minded folks multiple times) and generated by user 1 explicitly for that multisig address. Would there be a major security issue for an individual to send a BIP38 encrypted private key and associated public key to someone else, if it was only for the purpose of generating that multisig address?
Happy to continue the discussion via PM or here.
@_date: 2017-07-28 03:34:16
You can do this type of "off chain" transaction by handing a paper wallet to someone. So I guess so.
@_date: 2017-07-28 03:35:25
Note: it requires trust that the original owner doesn't keep a copy of the private key. Probably would work best using m of n multisignature.
@_date: 2017-07-28 04:20:22
That's a bit different, and about 100 times more sophisticated than the approach I outlined, but seems somewhat similar in concept.
No real way to get around an initial transaction on the blockchain, that I can see.
@_date: 2015-11-20 00:58:51
Since this is a Bitcoin sub, I don't want to run too far down rabbit holes, but...
I'm not saying the CIA has not been involved in programs to foment unrest and other countries or that the U.S. has been particularly judicious and thoughtful about the application of military force abroad, particularly in the era since the collapse of the Soviet Union. That is quite a different assertion, and an enormously complex and multi-faceted debate to have.
What I am saying is that geopolitics are enormously complicated and I find Andreas' statement to be so reductionist it's underlying credibility is suspect. 
On point 1) Yes, that's a separate argument. See first paragraph. 
2) Not sure which moral monstrosities you are referencing, but sure, we have had bad policies and made poor decisions. Again, it isn't really "good guy" and "bad guy" in the Middle East; there there are few, if any, really great choices for allies in the Middle East.
3) Assad brought ISI (Islamic State in Iraq) into Syria after they were getting beat up pretty bad by U.S. and Iraqi Forces. He released Jihadists from prison during the Arab Spring. I presume the CIA supplied some of the rebel factions with arms.  ISIS acquired many of these weapons by co-opting rebel factions and capturing of equipment from Iraqi Forces. But that's quire different from providing ISIS materiel. So dramatically different that I consider it utter nonsense and untruth.
TL;DR there's plenty to criticize about U.S. foreign policy, but the "U.S. created ISIS" line of reasoning is just not credible.
@_date: 2015-11-04 14:13:17
While I'm sure an opportunistic hacker would love my Bitcoin, I don't have any exceptional amount. Thanks for the advice, and I'll try to find a way to sign offline. Since my only hot wallets are on my exchange and GreenAddress, I may do some discovery learning this week.
@_date: 2017-07-28 04:07:43
I'm not sure, because I'm not completely sure what you're trying to accomplish / produce. I'm visualizing a paper wallet because it's easier for me to visualize what's going on and once upon a time I tried developing a product like this (but no one seemed to have any interest).
Perhaps you could produce a wallet where Alice generates a Private Key and shares the associated Public Key to the wallet service, run by Bob. Bob generates his own private key and uses the Public Key that Alice sent across with his own public key to generate a 2 of 2 multisignature address (or several of them). Bob could then send those addresses to Alice, along with his Private Key, on a paper wallet. Bob's private key would be under a tamper evident seal.
Alice could deposit Bitcoin and Bob couldn't spend the Bitcoin because he never knew her private key. Alice could affix her private key to the paper wallet and no one (including her) could send the Bitcoin to another address without using the private key under the tamper evident seal. Alice could even give the paper wallet to another person who could take custody of the Bitcoin, so long as Alice's private key is attached and the tamper-evident seal over Bob's Private key is still in place (the off-chain transaction). 
I'm sure this process could be replicated digitally / without a paper wallet, but that was my approach.
@_date: 2017-06-02 00:33:43
Similar considerations should be taken with your seed phrase that should be taken with a Paper Wallet. My personal recommendation is to write it (or laser print it) on waterproof paper (rite in the rain / Teslin are good) and store it in a fire safe or deposit box somewhere. Water and fire are the primary threats to the written seed. Some people don't like the idea of a safe deposit box, but I'm not too worried about Uncle Sam's interest in my crypto.
Personally, I'm a bigger fan of Paper wallets, but most other wallets and services I use seem to be gradually phasing out importing private keys (or at least making it harder). Guess there's always the QT Client.
@_date: 2017-06-02 04:59:40
There's a lot of good information on  Canton Becker is a great Bitcoiner and sells some inexpensive seals and a Ubuntu boot disc that prints really pretty looking Paper wallets. Or you can just download bitaddress from github, disable your internet connection, and print a Paper Wallet on a dumb printer at virtually zero cost.
Fire and water are your enemies for Paper wallets. I recommend laser printing on Teslin (a plastic paper), and / or putting a it inside a ziplock baggie. Placing the waterproofed Paper Wallet in a fire safe should get you through 99.99% of the things that can go wrong.
If you choose to encrypt your Paper Wallet, make sure you record the password/passphrase in an equally secure manner. Lots of Bitcoin has been lost by people who misplaced their ciphers.