@_author: oswaldzeid
@_date: 2012-03-27 00:42:47
Recovering a wallet for which you've lost the password and regenerating the private key are both technologically infeasable at present. However, nothing keeps me from trying to generate a private key that would let me spend lost coins. At the end of the day, its the same computationally, and those accounts that don't get upgraded by an active owner to current cryptographic standards will become increasingly vulnerable. 
@_date: 2012-04-07 16:56:03
Because bureaucracy. They may have preliminary details that need fact-checking, they may need to go through the office of the grand-technical pobah and get his magical seal of approval before they release them to be picked apart by the general public.
Government has one speed, slow and deliberate. If they released them now and got caught making a rookie mistake that is easily corrected, they look bad - While we're used to the internet editorial system correcting poor grammar, technical details, whatever on every post you make, government doesn't have that option. Before they say anything, they need to know its fireproof (to the best of their abilities), or else they look bad, and the commentary on how their plan is flawed and the mint is stupid and needs new leadership starts. 
@_date: 2012-10-09 16:44:46
People don't consume because its a good investment. People consume because they need to consume. I constantly buy computers and hardware that I know I could get for cheaper in the future - if moore's law continues to apply, the computer I bought will have less than half its value within 18 months, and I knew that - I also knew that I would never produce enough goods with it to cover that cost. I got it because I wanted it. 
Not to mention that with Bitcoin, this phenomenon that you claim would happen wouldn't do anything to the money supply. People not spending money is only a problem when you can't subdivide the money further. If millionths of a bitcoin one day becomes too large to be used in normal transactions, we can divide it further and use billionths. The amount of money in the system is basically irrelevant.
@_date: 2012-03-26 08:58:24
Active accounts will be cryptographically upgraded as technology and the bitcoin standard evolves - however 'lost' wallets, will not - and thus, at some point in the future, it will be feasable to recover lost bitcoins while current wallets are still completely secure. All in theory, of course. We'll see how the whole quantum computing thing goes, and how well cryptographic technique stands the test of time.
@_date: 2012-10-26 19:18:20
Using the deposit verification method would be a lot safer - Then you aren't giving them anything besides the account and routing number, which you give to anyone you write a check to anyways. 
I'd still want to know how their security is set up, but at least you wouldn't be giving them anything too scary.
@_date: 2012-03-27 15:07:26
We're not talking about someone managing to brute-force your wallet by cracking the passphrase - Yes, that is a hell of a lot easier than regenerating a private key. What we are talking about is the possibility/eventuality that sometime in the future, it will be possible to forge a ECDSA private key of the size currently used. The network is designed to upgrade as that becomes more likely, but lost wallets will still use the standard that was used when they were created.
Yes, this is probably far in the future. There is a chance this will not happen before the bitcoin economy collapses. Right now, it'd probably take longer than the life of the universe to have a chance of guessing someone's private key. Given quantum computing, increased computing power, or a flaw discovered in the algorithm, it becomes a much bigger problem.
@_date: 2012-02-28 18:17:58
Was the wrong address valid enough to check if the transaction actually happened via BlockExplorer? Could be helpful to know if they actually sent the transaction (made a stupid mistake), or if they pretended to fulfill the order and kept your money.
@_date: 2012-04-11 15:15:21
More importantly, this sort of exploitation of the referral system screws over Dropbox. The system is for new member referrals - they gain userbase, you gain a bit of space. 
Unless this guy is actually going and finding new people to register for dropbox, in which case, this is cool. However, since that would require a lot more work than just setting up TOR and registering a ton of accounts himself, or letting a script do it, I'm going to go with he's screwing over Dropbox.
@_date: 2012-03-22 20:27:18
This doesn't sound like a particularly good way to deal with the situation - while I can understand wanting to identify people who put 'tainted' coins through the exchange, I'm sure the first thing someone with these coins would do is run them through a tumbler or some such system, distribute them around - That makes this sort of system basically useless, as the volume of transactions with tainted coins would quickly become unreasonably large.
Better to monitor the exchange for large transactions that can be traced back to accounts with strong ties to the transactions where coins were stolen. 
I also doubt they're overtly trying to steal your coins, but I suspect things are better for them from the regulatory side when they have more accounts tied to real identities. 
@_date: 2012-04-05 00:43:37
Last time this came up, I think the best theory was either a botnet (no transactions would mean you wouldn't have to distribute all the transaction data to your bots), or someone who had figured out some advantage to increase effective hashing power by not including transactions. 
My guess is a botnet, personally - 22% of the bitcoin network would require a massive investment, even if you found some shortcut in the algorithm. Anything that size is hard to cover up though - I suspect we'll find out more sooner rather than later.
@_date: 2012-03-24 03:36:43
While I applaud the concept, I think you need to start a bit more modestly - I'd personally be a bit hesitant to enter in a raffle with an unknown party running the drawings, producing the results, etc. I'd look into some system where the winner can be verified independently - no offense, but at present I don't have a way to make sure you don't just have some second wallet making payments to your contest address and winning the card repeatedly.
@_date: 2012-10-17 15:34:43
Active wallets can be upgraded to newer crypto standards if a problem arises, along with the rest of the blockchain, just like the credit card industry would upgrade in response to the threats. Lost coins would still use antiquated security and thus be reclaimable. It really would be much like people searching for sunk ships full of gold, but instead they'd be trying to find private keys.
That's assuming someone finds a weakness in SHA-2. I doubt that'll happen anytime soon, but if it does, there are contingency plans for it. 
@_date: 2012-04-07 22:02:54
I'm not a big fan of centralized currencies either - but, given that they will exist for the foreseeable future, this is an interesting process to watch. They're the first of the centralized currencies to try and adapt to the changing times - It'll be fun to watch, whatever the results.
@_date: 2012-04-07 18:19:40
I don't have any specific information regarding mintchip. Personally, I have my doubts on how well it will work. However, deciding that they're selling snake oil because they aren't ready to release details at this time is patently unfair, especially given that it has been less than a week since they announced the project.
@_date: 2012-04-07 00:48:59
Just to play the devils advocate for a second, Just because they've got a webpage up and have started the hype process doesn't mean they have all the technical details down yet - Its quite a leap to get from "We aren't ready to release the technical details" to "snake oil".
It's a government project - they have a schedule, a time table, and a budget, drawn up for the next 10 years, with projections for every possibility and eventuality (that they can think of). If they aren't to that point of their plan, they aren't going to release technical details just because some guy on the internet asked for them.
Not saying its going to be the best system ever that is going to replace  Bitcoin or anything. I'm just saying, don't assume its a crappy system because they aren't ready to release details just yet.
@_date: 2012-10-17 16:19:16
Aha - My mistake, forgot about that part of the algorithm. Same theory applies, fortunately.
@_date: 2012-03-28 03:35:11
This. The advantage to running Ubuntu on a bootable USB is that at that point, there is no software between you and the sterile operating system, which means your primary vulnerabilities is hardware keyloggers grabbing your encryption key. On the other hand, while your run of the mill wallet snatcher isn't going to be looking for a parallels instance, data has to traverse the native OS going both ways which means keyloggers, screengrabbers, and things that poke around in memory looking for wallets could theoretically still find enough data to exploit.
@_date: 2012-04-07 19:13:21


I may have missed something, but I haven't seen anywhere they're selling the hardware yet? Could be wrong - I haven't been keeping up with it very religiously. 
@_date: 2012-03-22 20:55:30
Advertising a referral link on Google would be too unpredictable for the specific claims he is making - he'd have to be registering a bunch of dummy accounts to up your referrals manually. While probably not technically illegal, you'd likely be breaking something in their TOS, which could result in your account getting canceled.
@_date: 2012-03-07 00:56:40
The fact that they felt the need to update their TOS after the Tradehill thing happened probably means that there was a legitimate problem with them previously - I suspect TradeHill will win this one, although we'll have to see how the courts feel about it. 
If you read Dwolla's response to the claims, it primarily centers on the fact that 'chargebacks happen' - I don't think anyone is disputing that fact, just that Dwolla misrepresented the fact that they planned to pass those along to the seller. While I like Dwolla a million times more than Paypal, I think they screwed up here. They really should have just eaten the losses incurred up to the point where they changed their TOS - would have saved them a lot of problems.
@_date: 2012-02-24 11:45:24
Definitely a service well suited for payment in Bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-02-15 22:48:21
Not terribly far off - MtGox isn't a wallet, as the other response to your comment mentioned, but using BitInstant does end up getting complicated - you take cash to Walmart or wherever, send it to ZipZap via Moneygram, ZipZap hands it off to BitInstant, who pass it along to MtGox. Once you have the USD in your mtgox account, you can buy some bitcoins on the exchange and transfer them to your wallet. There are several other comments mentioning your wallet options, so I'm not going to get into that.
Good luck!
@_date: 2013-11-15 16:11:38
I would be more worried if this wasn't being discussed. I certainly hope their conclusion would be preserve fungibility, but the issue doesn't go away if you don't discuss it. Sometimes you have to consider your opponent's arguments and look at what they want. Find where that contradicts your opinions, where your goals are aligned, etc. I'm confident The Foundation isn't going to do anything rash, and am glad to see them discussing the issue.
@_date: 2013-05-01 17:37:11
They would have been better off working the mining code into their own process as well - from what I understand, their code was spawning a separate process in the background to do the mining, which was setting off people's antivirus software. 
@_date: 2013-07-30 19:12:19
Anyone buying bitcoin miners as a get-rich-quick scheme had the wrong outlook on it from the beginning - Directly after the first bubble, messages just like this made the rounds talking about how stupid you'd have to be to invest in a GPU miner, that you could never break even on such an investment, making fun of people who posted pictures of stacks of video cards they'd bought to mine with.
Just like everything else, Bitcoin mining operates in a free market. If there is a large profit margin, more people will do it, and if it becomes unprofitable, people will stop doing it. Difficulty is directly related to how many rigs are running, is directly related to how much Bitcoins are worth. Sure, it'd be sweet to be one of the first people to bring an ASIC rig online and pay it off within the first month, but that's not sustainable, and it will settle into a marginally profitable equilibrium once the market finishes adjusting.
By buying an ASIC and living in a state with low electrical costs, I'm ahead of the curve compared to everyone who is less efficient or who pays more for their electricity. The other benefits are what really matters - contributing to the network (I'd argue the size of the network is directly tied to increasing the $/btc exchange rate, as stability breeds  adoption and confidence), having a constant stream of incoming bitcoins without having to deal with any of the exchanges, or just for fun. 
It never was about getting rich quick. If you want to get rich quick, invest in Bitcoin Savings and Trust, I'm sure that'll pan out.