@_author: othis
@_date: 2018-10-30 13:15:10


Sure it's consistent, I didn't question his consistency. He's been an antiquated ruinous old fool for literally *decades* at this point. Very consistent. Unfortunately, I don't regard 'never changing your mind, ever, on anything' to be a virtuous trait.


Utter, utter bullshit of the worst conceivable kind. You think it's OK for a state to make it illegal for you to have penetrative sex with your partner, and that's *ok* because all the gays can just move to another state? Fuck off. Some people *can't* just up and move whenever they want. 


Don't be so naive. This isn't about finding new ways of teaching, it's about rich religious assholes using their money/influence to require schools to force disproven anti-science bullshit on impressionable young minds. It's disgusting, and you should be ashamed of yourself for supporting it. And before you say 'oh, people can just change schools' - no, once again, not everybody can do that. 


No, the worst case scenario is that racist cunt business owners in racist cunt communities will become more and more successful because the racist cunt communities reward them with more business, thus driving more tolerant businesses into the ground and leaving minority races without access to basic goods and services. It is the literal definition of tyranny of the majority, and assholes like you will just sit there and say "well, can't they just move to New York or something?"


Ron Paul is one of the most *close*-minded people it's ever been my misfortune to research.


And wherever humans *don't* 'sort themselves out', he's quite happy to cast the victims to the trash heap by removing any kind of legislation or social safety net that might save them. Luckily for society, he's never had even a sniff of real actual power, and never will.


Unfortunately, many problems - often important ones - cannot be solved by a market of ideas and competition. This seems to be known and understood by everyone except libertarians, for reasons I cannot begin to fathom.
@_date: 2018-10-30 12:22:32
How are they 'straw man' issues when the the subject is Ron Paul's positions on all topics, and these are (sourced) positions he holds?
You personally might want to give bible-thumpers a lot more influence, but I would rather not.
@_date: 2018-10-30 12:09:53


So, just to clarify, when he wants to give the state the power to legislate what you can and can't do in your own bedroom (Lawrence v Texas), and allow schools to throw out the science books and teach our children whatever religious horseshit their private funders dictate (2007 GOP Values Voter Presidential Debate Sep 17, 2007), and also allow schools and businesses to once again discriminate against blacks, gays, and whoever else they don't like with impunity (H.R.3863), these are all 'fantastic' and 'well-educated' positions, in your opinion? Because to me, they sound like the deluded nonsense of a senile old man who never progressed past the 1950s, and the sooner he takes his dinosaur policies and fucks off back to whatever cave he came from, the better.