@_author: ottawadeveloper
@_date: 2014-03-06 20:59:26
Large scale adoption of a currency means you need to implement all the things that you can currently do with money. If you can't, then there is no point in adopting your currency. If we can't store it securely with other people, invest it in various formats securely and save it in an easily accessible manner, then it will never gain wide acceptance.
To be fair, real money faces all the same problems. It's totally possible, by using uncertified or poorly regulated investment services/banks, to lose a whole buttload of money. The difference is that real money has been around for awhile now. It's backed by the government who issues it in terms of its value and (usually) that government has regulations on industries that deal with your money. One doesn't put their money with just anyone, they put their money with well-known institutions that have a reputation for fair and honourable dealing, who have something to lose (all their business) if they started stealing money. 
If I just started my own bank or investment fund, many people would (rightfully) not trust me with their real money. So why are people surprised when bitcoin operators, who are no less anonymous than me in that capacity, walk off with people's money or have non-secure sites. They lose literally nothing by doing this, and can just start up another website with another identity and new promises of security, then everything starts over again.
The problem is not with bitcoin. Bitcoin is a great idea. When its more mature, I'll probably dabble in it, if it doesn't die. What's missing is the regulation and infrastructure. Creating a decentralized monetary system is nice and all, and has -lots- of benefits for individuals, but we need some kind of oversight that certifies businesses as having good security protocols and business practices, that regularly conducts audits and that has the power to guarantee your deposits. We need to make sure the legal system is equipped to go after people who commit bitcoin fraud of some form, just as hard as they go after people who commit regular fraud and with the aim of recovering the money. 
A p2p coin system is really nice, for individuals. But we can't have organizations participating in this without oversight and regulation. And if you don't understand why, you really need a course in history.