@_author: otw
@_date: 2018-01-07 18:59:00
It was never designed for micro transactions it's a high cost system in exchange for transparency and security, you don't need the level of tech Bitcoin offers for daily coffee purchases. Great for buying a house, sending money across borders, or as a back bone for a large finnacial system though but it's hard for people to grasp that so point of sale things were pushed by people who didn't grasp the technology.
A lot of solutions are being engineered now to fix this perception and I think it's a mistake honestly.
@_date: 2017-02-07 16:40:52
I contributed to Kali so I'm pretty aware of it but thanks :P
I'm mainly just joking though, they each obviously have their purpose. I was just touting TAILS because it is so popular within Bitcoin.


I wouldn't really say that. Any and of all of that can be done in any Linux distro really, but Arch facilitates it a little more. I would say in general TAILS has better baseline security which is why it's great for people who just need a quick boot disk. Arch is great for people who need quick pen testing and it's a pretty good compromise of a non-mainstream Linux DE with a great community.
If you want my honest opinion though, I generally left Arch as my main DE because I think it's trying too hard to be perfectly engineered that it's actually becoming a lot less secure and difficult to maintain. I would much rather have something like hardened Gentoo if I were going to go that route again.
I still think Arch is great if you want to learn and be exposed to a lot of testing tools. But I think the dream of it being the penultimate Linux distro is dead for me personally.
@_date: 2017-02-07 14:58:23
Nah man tails all the way.
@_date: 2017-02-07 14:55:08
Tech industry is very socially progressive and Trump is not. People prioritize social progressiveness too much. I think it's important but if the option is authoritarian government that's socially progressive I think it's hitting everyone worse in the long run.
For example, I am in the tech industry and the recent ban affected several of my co-workers families enough to cause serious distress to our projectd. Many of them are immigrants. Not very free market in my opinion either.
But I'll take stupid decisions like that any day over someone actively colluding to undermine our economy and freedom. 
@_date: 2017-03-13 16:41:50
Thanks and to be honest I'm not so optimistic. I think when Bitcoin hits more mainstream there will be way way more incentive for governments / hackers to interfere with it and possible find exploits we weren't expecting.
You can hide gold in your house and nothing anyone does can effect it other than market manipulation. With Bitcoin it's market manipulation AND the network could be permanently taken down by an entity with enough power, a marketing effort could split the chain multiple times, computing advancements can make a hard fork necessary which could mean complexity for non-technical users holding when they try to access their coins years later and weren't keeping up with the news, etc etc.
Not to mention hacks of wallets themselves at the source, phishing, etc on non-technical users.
I invest about 10% of my portfolio in Bitcoin and can afford to lose that, but I really don't like suggesting it as an investment to people who can't grasp the technical or political details. There's a lot of uncertainty still and to be honest my biggest upset is how divided the community is over relative non-issues (SegWit, block size, etc). Most the people arguing fiercely don't even have a basic understanding of Bitcoin and are easily manipulated to a point of either side and driven by short sighted greed.
There's also a relatively small team of Bitcoin core developers that most of the community trusts without question or doesn't even read the discussion. They just download their favorite wallet and the dozens of users controlling those wallets could easily be corrupted or killed to influence billions of dollars.
You don't even need to go after wallet developers. Backdoors in Windows, Mac, or Linux distributions could be virtually undetectable and compromise legit wallets (even offline ones). Government sanctioned backdoors could easily be used anonymously by corrupt gov agents to steal citizen coins with no trace.
All of this will only be more and more tested as Bitcoin becomes worth more and more money so I really would not count your chickens just yet.
The average user using Bitcoin is not informed on in depth Bitcoin issues and the active community is not as technically aware as the earlier community was and I see this being a huge problem for the future.
I'm still actually hopeful, but I think it's irresponsible to hype train people on ideas of $100k a coin considering the massive problems we face. I'm also suspicious that anyone trying to hype is someone prepared to dump at a low price, so be wary of any optimism you see. They may just be trying to manipulate you to pump while they dump.
@_date: 2017-02-05 01:45:48
Coinbase is great for average people. I hate when people give it shit for having fees, security checks, and asking for personal information. It's trying to be a legal entity not a some libertarian/anarchist haven you numb nuts.
@_date: 2017-03-13 15:50:31
Gold has been around for thousands of years and you're comparing it to the currency of the largest super power economies in the world.
I'm not saying it's impossible but I think it just makes us look like gold rush morons to say things like that. I really doubt Bitcoin will ever be $100k in my lifetime and there's still so many things that could completely kill it before then.


Bitcoin already has momentum behind it. It's going to win not because it's superior tech (it's already not), but because the vast majority of crypto momentum is behind it and established.
Furthermore, if an alt comes around that can overtake Bitcoin because it's tech is so superior, then we SHOULD switch to it. This community is not about all glory to Bitcoin, it should be about the general longevity of blockchain tech. If a major flaw is discovered in Bitcoin, altcoins are our backup and they should be encouraged as testing grounds. This has already happened a ton with things like Eth simulating a hard fork between communities and contract exploitation, Feathercoin showing us how to handle a 51% attack, Litecoin being more nimble in dev and signaling changes way faster/being a intermediate currency during blockchain uncertainty, etc etc.
Altcoins are absolutely good for Bitcoin and crypto and anytime I see people shooting them down I just think they are some immature trader playing favorites. If you care about the technology and long term health of the concept of crypto, altcoins are great. I would not and do not invest in them unless you really wanna do high risk trading (and the majority of new coins are pump and dumps with no real value), but I highly recommend getting involved in their dev communities if you are a programmer.
I used to be a Bitcoin contributor and it's almost impossible to have a healthy discussion about crypto dev in Bitcoin now it's way too loaded with manipulators. Altcoins allow me and other serious devs to actually use Bitcoin as the tech it was promised as, see how it works in a safe environment, then recommend those improvements to Bitcoin.
I have been waiting for Bitcoin contracts for 5+ years and Eth let me actually test that programming while the Bitcoin community fights over relatively unimportant minor changes. I'm sure Bitcoin will catch up and it's good it undergoes more scrutiny, but at least in the meantime I can practice and have my scripts ready for when it does.
@_date: 2017-03-13 01:14:39
1. Hate the promise of $100k it's very unrealistic at this point and a bad thing to tell people. 
2. "Especially to stay ahead of altcoins" is garbage too. Altcoins are no more of a threat to Bitcoin than silver is to gold. If anything altcoins have helped crypto grow immensely due to experimentations we've been able to witness and mining we have been able to offset. I don't think people should get hyped in altcoin investment if they don't know what they're doing, but I can't believe we are still painting altcoins as some Boogeyman.
@_date: 2017-03-18 15:24:39
People are all doom and gloom but this is what I have been hoping would happen with Bitcoin for some time and it's intended purpose. If people disagree on dev, it splits and you have two coins. I was hoping this would happen sooner and frequently long before Bitcoin hit main stream, but it hit major success long before there was ever a real split.
I would expect Bitcoin to split several more times before we find a dominant solution.
The solution prior to this has been alt coins but the problem with alt coins is that you don't keep your equivalent coins in an alt coins fork. In a new coin emerging from a hard fork, you have equal stack in both without doing anything.
@_date: 2017-01-06 20:55:37
I don't know man that's kind of crazy. That's like saying someone would pay money for one of the first million email accounts made. It's not really that interesting and just data.
The only reason I could see someone buying this is to scam people in to thinking they have a lot of Bitcoin or something.
@_date: 2017-01-08 17:02:47
Hey I've been in the community for years and this is why I left this subreddit and am less active in the community in general. It's largely kids, speculators, people with political and fiscal agendas, etc. They don't know what they are doing and they shit on new people to hide their own ignorance or push their own agenda.
It used to be a very technical and helpful community but it is generally awful and hostile now.
Stay away from mainstream Bitcoin communities and fall smaller groups that allign with your interests.  
You wouldn't just join a $USD subreddit, instead find a develop community or investment community or hacker group. 
@_date: 2017-01-07 17:55:38
Yeah but iean there's literally hundreds of thousands of older wallets it's not that rare or really interesting. You could post on any forum and say you'd pay $5 for one and dozens people would probably respond.
I mean even possessing something of historical value like a wallet Satoshi owned that's now empty is just like...okay. It's not like he touched it or something you just have a tiny of piece of data he once used.
A good vanity wallet would be worth more.
If people were stupid to pay money for stuff like that I'd be a millionaire I have thousands of old wallets from early miners.
@_date: 2017-08-18 18:26:32
...why .NET....
@_date: 2017-08-18 18:48:32
I mean there's literally no commits yet, I am doubting the legitimacy of this project because .NET would be a pretty terrible choice unless I am missing something. None of the existing source is .NET either so I don't get the point of porting it here.
@_date: 2017-01-06 20:51:14
Bitcoin is digital cash. It's one of the highest reward properties to steal because it's very easy to liquidate and move.
$70k in BTC to a thief is worth more than stealing a $500k car.
Not to mention, zero risk if the attacks are cyber.
@_date: 2017-08-17 23:03:59
It's nice in theory but 99% of businesses can't justify this. You'd have to write a custom solution for your exact architecture and secure it and also keep up to date with all Bitcoin forks and drama and politics. 
Most businesses just want a plugin for their pre-built e-commerce solution and even beyond that managing a full node payment solution is a whole other job on top of also trying to run your business.
@_date: 2017-08-18 18:23:58
My point is that we need companies that can make abstracted solutions so people can accept what they want.
You can't just say "run a full node" that's extremely dismissive of real business needs. If we want adoption, we need more development in to solutions.
@_date: 2017-08-18 19:14:40
Okay but why create a completely new API in .NET when you could just work from node? There's almost none of the support libraries for .NET that you might need here so you'd be potentially rewriting quite a bit.
I mean almost the entirety of Bitcoin web development is node/javascript. Porting to .NET is not only going to be more difficult, but it's alienating a huge developer base.
I don't think .NET is horrible and I think MS is doing a fine job developing it (it's fine for enterprise and learning where you are kind of forced to use it), but it doesn't really seem like a great solution for an open source platform and community like Bitcoin. All the open source people are not gravitating to it at all and you are heavily constricted to their development cycle and licensing in many cases.
@_date: 2017-08-13 10:55:15
No one really knows but one major thing I think a lot of people overlook, Bitcoin was set to split and it was pretty likely both chains would be worth money. Many people bought a lot beforehand because you're basically getting a second coin for free.
While the chains are still syncing, you have a chance of buying coins and getting a second coin free still so there are a lot of people buying right now which is increasing demand and driving up price.
The chain split though is still causing a lot of uncertainty though and I would highly suspect a large crash to come soon as soon as whales are done trying pump and double dip.
It rallied so hard though that I think the price will probably still remain high which is still really incredible.
@_date: 2017-08-18 18:21:42
No one is going to want to get paid in Bitcoin if they can't use that Bitcoin to pay for their life expenses.
And I agree Bitcoin is bad for payments but that's the whole point of Lightning networks and off chain solutions.
@_date: 2017-08-19 17:23:46
Okay I shouldn't have said no one, but the average person won't. It's just a middle man for most people.
I'm not defending BitPay either, but I'm just saying we need solutions like BitPay that don't suck.
@_date: 2017-08-17 23:00:51
What the fuck is actual adoption then? If people aren't actually using Bitcoin for purchases then it's just a speculative vehicle doomed for bust.
@_date: 2017-08-19 17:24:19
I agree I think there needs to be a company that provides a way for people to easily run their own nodes and we just don't have that right now.
@_date: 2017-08-18 18:33:06
You don't have to but if you don't you are potentially risking your BTC wallet seed with a new and not yet fully trusted wallet. It's safest just to transfer them first.
@_date: 2016-12-06 03:17:29
Getting in to flame wars online is not some huge deal dude. Like it's appreciated but honestly there's bigger things you can do to fight ignorance than individually picking fights with people.
@_date: 2016-12-05 20:22:12
Which is exactly what Bitcoin was designed for not there was ever a disagreement for development.
Not sure why people freak out about this so much. I hate how much people freak out because it might affect their investment now it's hard to filter out real technical concerns from people just being emotional about maybe losing some value.
@_date: 2016-11-22 13:51:37
I set aside a certain amount monthly of my investments for Bitcoin, so yes I still buy a safe amount. It has performed better for me than any other investment I've had in the last decade. The price would have to drop to below $300 before I am losing money and hopefully it would be pretty easy to see something like that coming (major Bitcoin technical issue or something) and sell before it impacted me.
Regardless I currently trust Bitcoin and crypto more than any other investment and I'm not just going to have my money sitting.  
I think we are still on the brink of global financial disaster or market regulation that will cause Bitcoin to skyrocket while other stocks plummet. I think investing a safe amount of my money in Bitcoin is nice insurance.
@_date: 2016-12-05 20:24:25
He is just a programmer man. Just because you don't understand what we do doesn't mean we are some crazy magical people with some huge weight on our shoulder. Any one can contribute and the code base largely isn't changing due to how political things have gotten.
@_date: 2016-09-20 22:46:07
It might help but even it does we are facing worse problems with Bitcoin now. Despite development bot being centralized technically, it effectively is. The average user isn't smart enough to secure their coins and likely never will be. Massive wealth disparity. Lack of developers. Etc.
We need to solve these issues first before we pretend that we can take on banks. Too many people here just looking to get rich.
@_date: 2017-05-07 23:23:22
The fittest help their own.
@_date: 2017-05-21 14:45:57
Less transactions but also segwit and some minor variability differences (e.g. time between blocks).
LTC, currently, would scale much better than Bitcoin but any crypto would have issues with enough users.
A lot of merchants / developers are likely going to support Litecoin very soon, so we should see how it handles it.
@_date: 2017-05-04 23:25:29
My post is trying to prevent exactly that, short term investments that you can't afford to lose...
Many people cannot afford to sit on investments for that long, that is a luxury of the wealthy.
@_date: 2017-05-04 23:27:56
Bitcoin at any moment could have a major flaw discovered and be effectively worth zero. Major countries could try to ban it halting trade and making it effectively worthless except for at black market values which would be extremely low. Known but very difficult attacks could be made on the network and it could be worth zero.
There's many threats to Bitcoin, I'm very hopeful, I invest a lot, but I'm not stupid enough to have 100% of my portfolio in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-05-04 19:50:29
I'm not saying it is, I'm just saying it's still good practice to not buy more than you can lose.
I think it will likely keep going up, Bitcoin has more momentum now for sure, but ANYTHING can happen. Bitcoin could be $0 tomorrow and if that would break you financially or mentally, you NEED to diversify.
@_date: 2017-05-10 16:27:47
I know you are maybe being a little sarcastic or taking a jab at alts/Litecoin, but this is exactly a great reason why alt coins are valuable to the crypto eco system.
I argued for support of alt coins for this exact reason five years ago in the midst of people trying to demonize any and all alts.
People always talk about cryptos winning or losing but in an ideal world I would like us to always see alts and Bitcoin coexisting.
@_date: 2017-05-09 13:56:41
The Bitcoin economy is over inflated right now there's no supply issue. Halving rewards won't really play a big deal in price for years and years and could even drive the price down due to more mining centralization and less market stimulation. Just saying.
@_date: 2017-05-22 21:47:45
If you are an advanced user, Coinbase can't win for sure. 
But I really don't think Gemini is easier for new users. They don't have an app, merchant services, credit card deposits, easy bank SSO, etc. Also their name is shitty to Google and they don't give you a free amount for referral sign ups.
@_date: 2017-05-09 13:56:50
The Bitcoin economy is over inflated right now there's no supply issue. Halving rewards won't really play a big deal in price for years and years and could even drive the price down due to more mining centralization and less market stimulation. Just saying.
@_date: 2017-05-04 21:28:33
I have been in the Bitcoin community from nearly the start and yeah it's gotten fairly crazy, hard to find rational people. Not sure what happened.
@_date: 2017-05-07 23:29:08
Well I was actually here on the bitcoin forum and reddit and yes I remember many many posts about people feeling suicidal due to loss and realizing it wasn't coming back as well as several people I know personally in the community.
I'm sure if you went through the history you could find the posts but I'm not making some "this stats show blah blah suicide increased by these reputable sources blah blah." I'm saying I was fucking here and I remember how shitty everyone felt and I want to be a reminder of that so people don't get carried away again.
@_date: 2017-05-30 13:03:32
Yeah I mean look at Litecoin. People made fun of it for not being different from Bitcoin, but now it has a much more united community, strong leadership, passed segwit, and has an amazing roadmap for improvement.
It's so identical too that you can easily support Litecoin if you already support Bitcoin, it's a matter of a few variable changes if you are a developer.
If the Bitcoin community doesn't put aside their differences it's not unlikely that Eth and Litecoin could dethrone it.
@_date: 2017-05-04 17:04:12
~$4 to ~$16 when SegWit passed. ~$16 to $24 when Coinbase added LTC.
Hard to really say it was just one or the other. To be perfectly honest, I think Coinbase is a bigger deal than SegWit. The LTC community has been waiting for major exchange adoption since MtGox.
@_date: 2017-05-07 23:21:22


No unless you are encouraging people to invest more than they can or encouraging them to invest just for your own benefit.
Many people on here do that. When they know the price is inflated and likely to fall, they still try to push hype to push it even higher then sell at the top.
If you want long term success we can't eat new people like that. We are still very very tiny compared to the world market. We can afford to piss people off who are trying to enter the community.
@_date: 2017-05-04 23:22:51


Many people did not have the option to hold for years because they were investing their life savings, they had to make rent and couldn't because Bitcoin crashed.
Saying "just hold" during a major crash is ignorant to the plight of poor investors and what my post is specifically trying to help prevent.
@_date: 2017-05-21 23:30:05
Yeah no problem, a lot of people on here are kids or extremists who are making bets rather than doing careful investing so I just lean towards caution.
@_date: 2017-05-04 18:02:38
Yep there's a comment like this every single time price drop is mentioned, that's fine if you need to post some reassurance to yourself but this is about people literally contemplating suicide because they made a short term loss they could not afford.
Please do not belittle that and please consider what your mental health would be like if the price were $0 tomorrow. If that's too much of a loss for you to bear, you may want to diversify your investments.
If you are fine with that, then great this post is not for you.
@_date: 2017-05-21 23:42:11
Coinbase is a service that is heavily legitimizing Bitcoin. They will have high fees and they will have strict security and identity checks.
They are absolutely the EASIEST way to get new people in to crypto. They are doing a ton for this community and I think it's kind of entitled to complain considering the risk they are taking.
If you are an advanced Bitcoin user there are many many exchanges you can use with low fees or, like many people mentioned, you can even use Coinbase's own exchange GDAX for low fees.
Coinbase's main frontend has easy to use apps, easy to purchase methods, great security, insurance, etc etc. There's a ton of reasons these fees exist especially right now during extremely high bandwidth and turmoil in the technology. They are completely shielding average users from this and make it so simple nearly anyone can get in to it.
Before Coinbase I had basically zero way to get my non-tech friends in to Bitcoin. For my tech friends, I tell them to use one of DOZENS of exchanges where fees are lower if they are trading with any frequency.
@_date: 2017-05-04 23:24:19
Many of them killed themselves because they were making short term investments, they did not have the luxury to sit on the investment.
Comments like this are extremely ignorant of poor investors. Not  everyone can afford to hold forever, you should not be investing money that you need to pay rent next month.
@_date: 2017-05-07 23:30:39
A CEO confirmed killed themselves and I remember posts on this reddit and the forum for MONTHS about people asking for help realizing it wasn't coming back and contemplating suicide. Not anything verified but the feeling in the community was very grim.
@_date: 2017-05-07 23:24:26
You can't get upset over money not gained like that. People who imagine kicking themselves over missed investments are people who go bankrupt chasing FOMO.
@_date: 2017-05-04 23:21:13
I don't think it's like 2013 in a lot of ways for sure, but you are completely wrong about altcoins not sky rocketing. Nearly every coin was up when Bitcoin was up the first time. LTC was at $40+.
The coin market cap "last 7 days" looks almost identically to what it looked like back then.
But I am not saying this is similar in that it will crash, I'm saying "hey remember that can happen and you should invest wisely and diversify."
@_date: 2017-05-21 22:14:01
Okay yeah I mean if you have some moral reason to not invest in something, sure.
But I'm just saying there's many vulnerabilities Bitcoin and crypto face. A super computer breakthrough, an unexpected cryptographic weakness, psychology of the community, various known attack vectors, etc.
Cryptocurrency is nothing but ignorance right now because it is a completely new front. Diversifying among cryptos would not be stupid nor would investing in SOMETHING else you find valuable.
If you can afford for it to be worth 0 tomorrow, then sure bet it all. But trying to pretend that you aren't even the least bit ignorant when risking the quality of your life is quite stupid.
I have been a Bitcoin developer since 2011 and specialize in a lot of the things that make Bitcoin tick in my career and in hobby, but I am not 100% certain in Bitcoin, there's still quite a bit that could go wrong.
@_date: 2017-07-10 15:04:44
If it was, like you said, just a hash of the results or some body of text, nobody would really be able to "see" the noise.
And wouldn't really be that expensive.
@_date: 2017-05-04 23:29:59
I'M NOT SAYING THE PRICE WILL DROP. That is not the point of this post.
The point of this post is to not invest money you can't afford to lose and diversify.
Even if I felt 99% sure Bitcoin was going to go up in the next month, I would not put my mortgage payment or family's health at risk, you are no longer investing you are simply practicing unhealthy gambling.
@_date: 2017-07-10 02:42:44
You could just encrypt literally every possible outcome and then only decrypt the one that happened. Would look like time travel to idiots.
Wouldn't even necessarily have to encrypt it. Could just encode it in a plain text and the wrong answers would be lost in the noise.
@_date: 2017-06-14 12:05:19
Just curious then, what was the whole blacklist debacle with the Gentoo distribution then?
I've generally been understanding of you and think you get a bad rap, but I pretty distinctly remember not agreeing with you on the spam filtering several years ago.
@_date: 2017-05-21 14:52:06
You should really diversify your assets. Even within crypto but other coins but you should also consider precious metal, stocks, bonds, and some cash. Feel free to have a lion's share in crypto, but during times of instability you'll be happy you have at least one asset that you can spend without taking significant loss.
There is a doomsday scenario where a major advance in math or physics could completely end crypto, you could very easily be hacked, or the markets could completely tank.
For the sake of your liberty, some diversification is still nesscery.
@_date: 2017-06-18 18:01:37
I am an ecommerce developer and I would help people add crypto as a payment option. I was huge in to this years ago because credit card companies take ridiculous fees (it can be 5% - 20% of your sales). Bitcoin and crypto was a good way to reduce fees.
I stopped awhile ago because I became a little disenfranchised with Bitcoin development and fees and transaction times for Bitcoin became too high so most people just started paying with credit cards again.
ETH got me excited again but seemed too early in development for me. I toy around with it but it's rebuilding the entire years worth of development Bitcoin had and it's going to be awhile before it's really viable.
Litecoin though got me excited pretty much immediately recently. SegWit passing and the awesome development path and ease to convert my Bitcoin libraries to Litecoin has me developing again.
Considering even quitting my job to go back to full time contracting so I'll have more time to work with Litecoin stuff. The great thing is, if Bitcoin fixes its issues, I can convert all my Litecoin stuff back to Bitcoin and maintain both code bases. So I don't know, just see it as a huge win win right now!
@_date: 2017-06-15 15:31:12
They put a guy in prison for not giving up his password. I don't think they would torture, but I think ruining someone's life isn't out of the question at all.
@_date: 2017-06-20 22:19:06
What are you selling? Do you accept Bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-06-21 18:22:03
Very sketch, not to mention security is still a real concern that I don't think people are taking seriously. I know people having taken precautions since The DAO and there's standards now, but it's still very new. I would not be surprised at all to see one of these ICOs hacked.
@_date: 2017-06-15 15:18:02
Going reiterate this as it's own comment, but Coinbase has margin trading and during flash crashes margins and default unfairly.
I assume to protect their margin traders they are bringing the site down when the order book is getting close to depleted.
@_date: 2017-06-15 15:27:06
For sure, in general I think Coinbase is great for the Bitcoin economy as a whole, and I'm fairly certain they have the highest volume of trades and getting new people in to Bitcoin (they don't release these numbers though so it's hard to say).
But if you want full control of your money, there's many better options like Kraken.
@_date: 2017-06-21 00:09:42
That's not how you read a candle stick graph. You can clearly see the change is -2.35% in 24 hours, and -3.59% in 12 hours.
Candle sticks just show the depth.
@_date: 2017-06-12 09:52:31
Just a suggestion but I had a similar issue and I enabled Litecoin support. API is identical so you can support it in hours and it's accepted on Coinbase and most major exchanges so it's a good option for users to cash out. Fees are still cents and there's no scaling issue, confirmations take 30 seconds.
@_date: 2017-06-15 16:10:37
Honestly it could be.
If fees are high and transactions are slow, you are less likely to spend your crypto (i.e. more likely to hoard) causing price to go up.
Litecoin is one of the only main cryptos to not see a huge boom in price and it might be because it's pretty much the most viable crypto to use for actual commerce right now (and anything that might be impacted by fees and transaction times).
It's getting a lot of adoption though because of this which could mean strong long term growth. Regardless if the price goes up or not though, it's definitely nice for developers and for purchases where supported.
@_date: 2017-06-23 15:23:16
The people making the most money off of Bitcoin are people with existing capital large enough to easily manipulate unregulated markets. Nerds get rich but the already rich get richer.
@_date: 2017-06-18 21:36:50
I imagine people who went through this will be interested in still adopting Litecoin in case it ever happens again for sure. Pretty easy to support both and it's a huge benefit if one ever has issues your commerce doesn't suffer since you have the other as a backup. There's also less political drama and a unified community over at Litecoin and their roadmap currently looks better than Bitcoin, so beyond everything I mentioned, there's still good chance that Litecoin could still be more appealing to people even if Bitcoin's current faults were fixed.
I know people hate this analogy, but also definitely a precious metal thing. People didn't stop buying silver just because gold became the standard. It's good to diversify.
@_date: 2017-06-15 17:10:06
Yeah of course, like any crypto that's kind of their main purpose. The merchant you are dealing with just has to accept them. Since Litecoin is near identical to Bitcoin, many people who accept Bitcoin for purchases accept Litecoin too or can very easily if you ask them to.
@_date: 2017-06-15 17:24:41
Oh got it, yeah plenty of places accept it. I would say it's the second most accepted coin but even that is probably less than half of what Bitcoin supports.
However, the recent slow down is booming acceptance. Lots of merchants are switching and if you ask it's pretty common people will add support since it's so easy.
@_date: 2017-06-18 23:11:58
Hmm something to take down Litecoin would probably be something that takes down all crypto as well (heavy regulation, some computing breakthrough, major exploit in blockchain, etc).
It could be majorly devalued if there was a hashing attack on it, or some major error with SegWit, or development splintering like what's going on in Bitcoin, etc.
A slow death would be lack of adoption. People not actually using it, just speculating with it (a problem with all crypto right now actually). Real development and application I think would be great for long term growth which is why I'd love to go full time on it again someday soon hopefully.
@_date: 2017-06-15 15:16:02
My theory: 
@_date: 2017-06-14 12:07:00
What is this then? I'm not trying to make a big deal of this, I generally understand Luke and think he gets a bad rap, but I remember him distinctly pushing spam filters (e.g. blacklists) and disagreeing with him on it.
I didn't follow the whole thing closely though so maybe it was resolved and I didn't see.
@_date: 2017-06-08 15:19:29
Personally would do Litecoin if you are buying or trading. 50 cent fee and probably the second most accepted crypto by merchants and mainstream fiat exchanges right now. The Litecoin and Bitcoin API are identical so a lot of exchanges and merchants have been adding LTC support easily during slowdowns.
If you want to hold relative to Bitcoin, then yeah Eth has been pretty pegged to Bitcoin lately.
I don't really think Doge makes sense unless you are just doing a really quick transfer to a crypto only exchange. Extremely unstable and not accepted by any major fiat exchange or merchant.
@_date: 2017-06-15 16:19:51
I mentioned this in a another comment, but it could be because Litecoin is the only coin really viable for actual commerce right now. It has low fees and low transaction times, so there's no reason not to use it to buy goods online or wherever.
Meanwhile, Bitcoin and ETH have pretty bad fees and transaction times which means people are more likely to hoard their coins causing the price to go up.
BTC has an average fee of like $4+ now and ETH is like $1+ while LTC is only 10 - 15 cents.
If I had all three and was buying something online I would definitely be spending my Litecoin first.
This could mean good adoption though which could lead to good long term growth.
@_date: 2017-06-18 21:02:27
Yes there are a few people I know who added Litecoin support recently or switch from BitPay to a payment processor that accepts Litecoin.
The big movement though is coming from devs. Lots of Bitcoin libraries being converted to Litecoin and once those are converted other devs will update their plugins and then that will hit merchants and users and consumers etc.
Give it a couple months but I'm sure we will see some major Litecoin merchant services being built off the booming new dev. 
For example, Bcoin is a node framework that is the backbone to probably many major Bitcoin businesses you may know of (e.g. BitPay, Coinbase, etc) just had a Litecoin conversion by developers.
@_date: 2017-06-15 15:14:49
Coinbase might be introducing some self imposed regulation to stabilize the markets. It's not necessarily ethical for them to not be transparent about it, but it makes sense.
On wall street, trading is halted on any stock that crashes 10% within 5 minutes. This was imposed because flash crashes are bad for the entire market. They don't accurate represent what the market is willing to pay for the stock, the represent the order book being depleted. This causes margin trades to unfairly default and stop losses to run prematurely. It also causes panic among untrained traders and massive market instability.
Coinbase recently had a flash crash on Litecoin which causes hundreds of thousands of Litecoin margin trades to default, people were very upset with potentially tens of thousands of dollars lost for people trading on margin.
This could be them trying to fix that situation.
I actually am not opposed to this at all, I think more exchanges need to implement protection like this to stabilize the market, however it should be COMPLETELY transparent and predictable.
@_date: 2017-06-15 17:44:23
I tend to agree, I would prefer the price stay stable at a price for years rather than have it climb 1000% in a month. I use it more for commerce and development, I'm not really a speculative holder though.
@_date: 2017-06-15 17:37:48
No problem, if they don't accept it bug them to, it's very easy to support and helps business quite a bit.
@_date: 2017-06-20 18:57:28
See the ETH fork. Many exchanges supported both and would double your coins.
@_date: 2017-06-13 18:53:33
Just depends on your customer base. If it's people who are literally just buying crypto and spending it immediately to buy something privately, then anything Coinbase or any mainstream exchange supports is just as easy for them as Bitcoin.
We accept Litecoin, Eth, and Bitcoin and the majority of our users go for whatever is cheapest fee, which right now is Litecoin.
@_date: 2017-06-15 16:22:33
Could be their hot wallet just has to be replenished manually with a cold wallet or something.
But yeah it's frustrating but would definitely always keep your coins in a personal wallet and in multiple places. Good practice in general.
@_date: 2017-06-20 22:08:32
Plus or minus 3 - 5% in a world where 1000% in 3 months is normal is not really something to make any kind of stink about.
@_date: 2017-06-15 18:07:35
I think they work in any market to be honest and are a bit of a necessity when you have a volatile asset and margin trading.
The only reason they potentially aren't heard of in global currency markets is that it's pretty rare (not sure why).
1% in a day is a huge deal for currency. Breakers activate at 10% within 5 minutes.
@_date: 2017-06-15 16:02:59
They are but SegWit is chain enforced. Litecoin merged in SegWit after Bitcoin did but Litecoin signaled for it first.
Litecoin has a new very ambitious roadmap for 2017 because of this and Charlie Lee quit Coinbase to come work on Litecoin full time.
Litecoin is in a pretty interesting position now. If you were a developer building an application with Bitcoin, switching to Litecoin could be of huge interest to you now as it's an identical API but with SegWit. It means you could add Litecoin support to your existing Bitcoin application in hours (because they are so similar) but now not experience any of the slowdowns or fees Bitcoin is experiencing and take advantage of SegWit based tech.
It used to be that Litecoin was just kind of a secondary after thought for devs to add because it was easy and added some diversity for safety during Bitcoin forks or price crashes, but now it's actually kind of "Bitcoin beta" and it makes more sense for it to be leading your dev in a way since it's a step ahead now.
With Coinbase and other major exchange support, it's also more viable for merchants right now who have customers that buy crypto only for purchases since the fees are way cheaper and transactions much faster.
As developer who supported Litecoin for my applications during the 2013 Bitcoin fork, I am super excited to see how it's grown! I was getting completely disenchanted with the political nature of Bitcoin development, and it's nice to have Litecoin as a side thing while Bitcoin works it shit out.