@_author: outaplace
@_date: 2013-11-24 07:34:55
Thanks Lentil-Soup! I will do my research and try and claim that amount. Hmm time to research and claim it. Lol thanks for the motivation
@_date: 2013-11-21 17:12:49
I really feel the same way. Unless you got on at the lowest point, its really expensive to get into. On top of that, I hear a lot of "get your friends into it" or "help spread the word"....really?! I need to help spread the word about money...? Hmmm..that sounds very much like a ponzi scheme.
On a side note, what happens when the value does go up (as its project by some to grow into 6 figure sums for 1 coin) and people cant afford to buy in. And the volatility is so odd and unstable. If someone sells a bunch thr value drops. This is more like a stock than a stable currency. 
My little rant (partially contributed by the fact that I didnt get in a year ago lol)
@_date: 2013-11-24 04:40:52
Ok so where would i start. Ive read all the stuff online and im registered to the bitcoin beginners but not sure where to jump in. Im not sure if its more difficult if i live in Canada, eh?
@_date: 2013-11-21 22:14:31
Dont get me wrong, clearly this is an opportunity. My concern is getting started. Seems like theres so many wallets, exchanges and ways to get a hold of bitcoins.
Im concerned for several reasons, losing money if I lose my wallet. What if I lose my phone or computer crashes.
Then I read that there is a record of how much money each person has. So anyone can look up another persons wallet content (is that right?).
Ive read various posts on reddit (even the subreddit) and it seems each person is recommending a different way to get involved and nothing really seems stable (not a criticism but a personal concern). 
Finally if a person buys less than 1 bitcoin, is there a coin for that size? And if the prices spike everywhere, doesnt that mean that when u sell something for a certain bitcoin value and it tanks, that person (or business) gave whatever they had for free? Like there isnt really an instant exchange and you can lose a lot (possibly making a lot doesnt really outweigh thr risk?)