@_author: outie5000really
@_date: 2019-07-13 14:38:15
And since I'm talking to myself here, I'll keep going:
I'm doing this, in part, because I'm moving to a new computer. So am I right that I don't need to move any of this - I just create new wallets on the new Mac with my same seed words, and I'm all set?
Obviously, I'll need some serious security wipe of the old Mac, but it's got FileVault turned on also.
@_date: 2019-07-12 18:46:32
I could use some help on the safest way to upgrade my bitcoin software and also add wallets for forked currencies.
I currently use MultiBit HD 0.5.1 for Mac. My last trade was in 2017.
I need to upgrade my client (I think to Electrum for my bitcoin) and capture the bitcoin cash, bitcoin gold, and bitcoin SV (any others?) in wallet apps for them along the way.
I think this is the process I need to follow:
1 - Export the keys/wallet words from MultiBit HD.
2 - Send my bitcoin from MultiBit HD to Electrum via the blockchain.
3 - Import my keys/wallet words into cash, gold, and SV wallets, and send the resulting coins to myself via each of those blockchains.
Does that sound like the right process for safety?
If so, can anyone show me how to convert my keys/wallet words from my MultiBit HD to formats for these new wallets? I cannot figure out how to do that.
Of course, if I’m going about this the wrong way, please tell me!
@_date: 2019-07-13 02:22:27
Thanks, but I think I'm figuring it out.
I put my seed words into a new wallet in Electrum, and moved the bitcoin to a different Electrum wallet.
Then I got Electron-Cash and put the old seed words in there, got access to those coins, and moved them to a new wallet in there.
I'm now trying the same with ElectrumG for Bitcoin Gold, but that's taking some time.
I think I'm on the right path, and it's easier than I expected.
Now I need to figure out how to safely heed the warning not to store my new seed words electronically. I have them in a secure note in my 1Password. But I suppose that's vulnerable.