@_author: outlaw2society
@_date: 2014-12-03 13:48:11
Bitcoin is equality, freedom, innovation, revolutionary and again I will say freedom to the people. 
Here is a prime example of bankers choking out of their necks, suffocating and sweating heavy because they never seen it coming and if so it was inevitable for them to do anything just like the rest of the world. 
So now here we have the 'bankers of Australia' INVESTING 1 billion dollars over a 3 YEAR period to something very similar to Bitcoin but with some of their own touches and modifications? 
Doesn't make sense to me why they will not embrace Bitcoin? Can someone tell me, why are
Australian bankers are not embracing Bitcoins?
Is it maybe because, Bitcoin is the forerunner of coins in the digital era?
Is it due to brilliance behind this free source that it gives to the people? 
Is it because the innovation process that went behind it, is a master piece of an idea. Something that money can't  buy?
Or is maybe the banks just officially admitted they were caught up in the stone ages and are getting on top of it?
Like hello???? Australian  bankers, CEO's and broad of directors,wakey wakey hand of snaking!
How come this decision was not held specificity to the people and ask them what they think and need?
O that's right who could forgot the power you have as banking system of the nation furthermore you the power to speak over the people, pull the Australian people inwhich any direction you want, shift a billion of our money into an idea that has been running since around about 2008! 
Plus a 3 year wait as well, not understanding how much can change in year or even a spit second! The change of society as to be now not 3 years
Bankers and politicians are the reason why there are all these fucks up international. Prices for houses cheap? People buying more houses to live well or more people renting and struggling to live life on a daily basis?
Debts that we owe to the banks and the countless amount of hours we all have to work our lives dedicated to slavery over money! 
Majority of problems come from Bankers and Politicians. 
Just like they did with Greece and in the European countries, this WILL be  a global trend worldwide as well as laws already in place to protect themselves 'if' this happens to them, a financial bail out, Hmmm!
Fucking us while they live rich and wait for their instructions on how to move forward in about another 100 years then bang it happens again!
Corruption at its finest yet crucify Bitcoin for its complexity and envy it because of the power it generates to the people. 
@_date: 2014-12-03 14:38:35
Such a brilliant idea for any artist!
@_date: 2014-11-23 14:58:13
Not worry, opened source speaks for itself 
@_date: 2014-11-23 15:04:34
Informative writing