@_author: outofspc
@_date: 2014-12-19 22:03:47
Thanks, just added another to the list!
@_date: 2014-12-09 01:59:49
Response from Teamviewer:
Thank you for your message.
I reviewed the links to the articles that you listed in your email. Most of those people are sadly misinformed. They seem to be sounding off and repling to others without any verification of the facts - in fact some of those statements are extremely misleading and very inaccurate.
If those computers were hacked it was because of a vulnerability of another program allowing port access and then control of the computer.
If TeamViewer was installed the person trying to get in would have to know the TeamViewer ID which is a randomly generated 9-digit ID AND they would have to know the password.
With TeamViewer all of our connections, whether remote control or meetings or file transfer, all are highly encrypted.
TeamViewer works with a complete encryption based on RSA public/private key exchange and AES (256 Bit) session encoding. This technology is used in a comparable form for https/SSL and can be considered completely safe by today's standards. As the private key never leaves the client computer, it is ensured by this procedure that interconnected computers - including the TeamViewer routing servers - cannot decipher the data stream.
Each TeamViewer client has already implemented the public key of the master cluster and can thus encrypt messages from the masters and check its signature respectively. The PKI (Public Key Infrastructure) effectively prevents "Man-in-the-middle-attacks". Despite the encryption the password is never sent directly but only through a challenge-response procedure and is only saved on the local computer.
I hope this information has proven helpful to you.
Have a nice day!
Best regards,
@_date: 2019-12-04 15:07:47
Sure is, for sales literature. So why are past quarter results relevant when investing? Or long term charts?
@_date: 2019-12-04 14:24:09
I don’t get why this is always posted. It’s just a SEC mandated warning for mutual fund advertisements.