@_author: outof_order
@_date: 2017-10-07 15:10:23
First I have to say I am new to all this and I am in cryptos for just about a month.
But the way I understand this:
We have bitcoin with 1MB block size. We have scaling issues and people who want to adress them differently. We had bitcoin cash fork because some wanted to increase block size to 8MB but core developers want to stay at 1MB (for "eternity") and want to solve it with upgrades like segwitx1 and lightning network. So that's why bitcoin cash fork happened.
Now we have segwitx2 whis means increase in block size to 2MB. However core developers don't agree with this (as they want to keep block size at 1MB for "eternity") so we have another fork. Miners (and mining companies and some others behind New York Agreement) want segwitx2 because of different reasons and there is a lot of politics behind it (some say it's because they want to get power from core developers to themselves and get more from the bitcoin pie etc. but that's not that important for ELI5)
However what I don't understand and would like somebody to explain to me is:
Now we have BTC and BCH. After second fork we will have three currencies so BTC, BCH and most likely B2X. So who is forking from the "main" BTC? Core developers with 1MB block or "miners and others" with 2MB segwitx2 blocks? And how exactly does the fork happen? Will I have just BTC and will have to trade them for B2X to get B2X? How does it work with BTC in wallet and with BTC on exchanges?
@_date: 2017-10-07 15:01:30
Guys could you please explain some stuff about the fork to me? I'm just 1 month in cryptos so some stuff is new to me, and these are obviously quite turbulent times at the moment.
I understand this:
We have bitcoin with 1MB block size. We have scaling issues and people who want to address them differently. We had bitcoin cash fork because some wanted to increase block size to 8MB but core developers want to stay at 1MB (for "eternity") and want to solve it with upgrades like segwitx1 and lightning network. So that's why bitcoin cash fork happened.
Now we have segwitx2 whis means increase in block size to 2MB. However core developers don't agree with this (as they want to keep block size at 1MB for "eternity") so we have another fork. Miners (mining companies) want segwitx2 because of mining efficiency (as I understand it) and there's a lot of politics behind segwitx2.
However what I don't understand and would like somebody to explain it to me:
Now we have BTC and BCH. After second fork we will have three currencies so BTC, BCH and most likely B2X. So who is forking from the "main" BTC? Core developers with 1MB block or "miners and others" with 2MB segwitx2 blocks? And how exactly does the fork happen? Will I have just BTC and will have to trade them for B2X to get B2X? How does it work with BTC in wallet and with BTC on exchanges?
As I said I'm quite new and wasn't around the last BCH fork so I am kinda lost.
Thanks for any info.