@_author: outrageousgriot
@_date: 2013-02-27 04:49:51
Yes, the volume did rise in this time period - somewhat.  But if you're looking at average volume - it is in fact falling on the 5, 10, and 20 moving averages which is very dangerous with this kind of asset.  It is also true, partially true - what you say about the ***price volume trend***.  This is good in one sense, but mind you here's your chart with this exact indicator.
levels currently are lower than they were last week (not good, may mean slower growth / correction is eminent), and are approximately trading at where they where they were in december.
I also have a particular perspective regarding BTC miners - the miners I know personally that have above average outputs - with more than 30ghash/s - are selling ALL of their BTC on a daily basis.  I don't know how long this selling could be sustained with buying calming down as it is now.  Depending on how much difficulty rises in the next few hundred blocks we will see the rate at which bitcoin is mined naturally correct itself.
thoughtfan drew a pretty nice long term logarithmic chart which is very indicative that BTC has a brighter future.  It also shows that this upcoming correction may not be as severe as the previous time we hit above $30 levels.
note / disclousure : I am rooting for BTC in the long term - but currently am happy to sell any BTC I have above $30 (or trade it for physical silver).
@_date: 2013-02-27 18:33:29
Look, all I am saying is to tread carefully.  Volume one day to the next isn't as indicative as a 5 day moving average on volume.  Secondly, that $$$ amount in volume if you're to compare to the U.S. stock market is that of a very LOW volume stock.  Not something you want to have a large amount of money in.
I would not tell my friends to buy into BTC atm.  Maybe at a price between $20-25 if we find support at the lower $20 levels.
As someone who has traded decent portions of USD in BTC, this is only my opinion.  I do think there's a lot of selling going on from big time miners and that's my opinion.  Watching the payments miners take from their pools only leads me to assume they're trying to cash out ASAP, considering some big addresses I track are taking large sums of BTC in the tens of thousands every few days vs every few weeks as they did previously to these levels.
@_date: 2013-02-27 05:35:02
I bumped your wafer
@_date: 2013-03-03 06:06:12
Right, you are correct.  Increasing so much it would be very naive to think that it can sustain itself.
In the long term one shouldn't worry about it, but in the short term we are due for a pull back.  That is all.
@_date: 2013-02-27 05:28:31
This is a common misconception - the fact that btc has no intrinsic value.
Although it is easy to make the claim that BTC is not backed by anything - it actually in fact IS.  
Being backed by the good faith and credit of the U.S. is one thing. . . If you believe in the success and effectiveness of the U.S. Federal Reserve.
Being backed by the existence of the internet and a network of millions and eventually billions of users is a completely different realm of existence, and a tough concept to grasp your head around.
I would argue BTC's intrinsic value is in it's portability.  It's the fact that transaction can occur seamlessly and practically instantly - no other currency or asset can compare.  One can send theoretically send any amound of BTC to any point in the world.  From San Francisco to the middle of Siberia - it can happen because of the indefinite existence of the P2P network.
Gold and silver, are not the same.  Although one can trade paper silver/gold and conserve their supposed wealth in a very liquid asset as such - it is impossible to transact these assets in such a decentralized and instantaneous manner.
and come on man - we all know everything is as valuable as whatever someone is willing to pay for it.  this puts gold and silver in the same potential hole as bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-02 01:52:36
It isn't really a money faucet.  A money drain would be more appropriate.
@_date: 2013-02-28 23:37:11
As someone who makes money trading stocks, ignoring volume even in the short term is a mistake.
I'm not here to argue.  It's okay if you think I'm wrong.
And yes, there are plenty of other reasons to be worried about BTC right now and in the future.  It's just that future illiquidity is one of them.
@_date: 2013-03-04 13:02:40
I personally filled in paperwork to get verified so that I could withdraw the $$$ I've been making mining BTC.  Might be true for others but for me it was so that I can effectively so more BTC.
@_date: 2013-03-02 01:45:07
Buying BTC now is definitely risky.  You're overpaying.  Tremendously.
@_date: 2013-02-27 05:11:59
Except for when the market is blind sighted by a 500K+ BTC dump bringing BTC down 30% or more (likely more).
And given the high volatility, the market is clearly uncertain.
If you believe in efficient markets, you'll disagree with me - but I have very many reasons to think that markets are inefficient and irrational.
@_date: 2013-02-26 16:13:38
A correction needs to happen.
speaking of which, this is a very important observation..  Volume levels are trading lower and lower.  I would be a little nervous if I had my assets in BTC.
@_date: 2013-02-23 15:53:33
This is a problem because the bid/ask spread at MTgox can get rather wide.
This can add up.
@_date: 2013-02-27 18:59:33
How about this.  If you don't like BTC, don't hold it.  If you like gold and silver, go ahead and keep stacking it.  You're free to do it.  That's what's nice about the society we live in - err, sort of.
I like gold and silver (silver actually more so).  I also look very fondly on BTC.  They're all assets which have a finite existence which allows a simpler look at scarcity - something impossible to do with the USD.
But physical metals lack the portability of BTC (and the USD too for that matter).
I personally think your undervaluing BTC's nature of existence.  This P2P network it relies off of could not be constructed more elegantly.  Even in the worse case scenario there will still be users somewhere to uphold the network.
Let me show you and example of what I've done with my time and money the past few months.  I personally have a few mid-level workstations that mine bitcoin.  I also invested a decent sum in BTC a while earlier.  Today, because I view bitcoin as something that is overextended, I've been liquidating most of my bitcoin will moving to precious metals.  There are amazing sites which will accept bitcoin for bullion, and I've been using them to my advantage given that precious metals are trading relatively low while bitcoin is trading very high.  Anyhow, I just think BTC should be given more value because there is room for both bitcoin and precious metals in your life.  There's the exact convertibility of BTC -&gt; Silver/Gold on my end.
tl;dr  bitcoin and precious metals can both be good assets and will suffer the similar pitfalls given particular scenarios.  I like and have held both as investments.
@_date: 2013-03-05 19:22:00
This is entirely different - and quite tragic I do agree.  Because of mechanical automated trading systems we see this phenomena of "flash crashes".
I will argue that a lot of these people are being punished.  Relatively big firms lose millions to automated trading systems.  Knight Capital is a big example.
I swing trade technicals a lot on broader index based products like SPY and have been quite effective if you will.  Numbers describe a lot more than what meets the eye, so I wouldn't write it off just like that.
@_date: 2013-03-02 01:48:06
You'd be lucky to get one at ~$1500 today.  Each one promises 65Ghash/s
Wattage should be greater than 600w per
@_date: 2013-03-05 18:26:44
fundamental analysis is used by speculators who definitely lose money more than people who use technical analysis.
the problem isn't with technical analysis, but with the people who use it as a fool proof system.  There's no such thing.  I do believe it can help you time your trade better, though.
Certain analysis will describe and outline particular market behavior better than others.  I wouldn't base a decision purely based off of one idea.
@_date: 2013-02-26 16:10:31
This wouldn't happen, especially in the near term.  Why would an exchange be shut down?  Mt. Gox abides by the strictest laws of Government, requiring users to verify themselves to be allowed to trade bitcoin "effectively" as you state.  They have to send in a Government issued ID - as well as proof of residency.
If anything, the government would use such an exchange to it's advantage to track the habits of particular bitcoin users.
Even so - if hypothetically speaking this would do NOTHING in the long term due to how beautifully bitcoin is designed.
