@_author: outta_the_box
@_date: 2017-11-06 23:16:27
This is one of the best explanations I've seen on what a hard fork is....






@_date: 2017-11-06 22:38:32
Yes it does. However, I would consolidate all of your BTC into one wallet with one address. Otherwise, if you have multiple wallets, you'll end up with multiple addresses to deal with.
In other words, if you have 6 different wallets with BTC addresses, you'll end up with 6 MORE BT2x addresses too. For a total of 12 different addresses. 
Consolidate down to one, let the split happen and have only TWO addresses to deal with.   :-)
EDIT: On how to get them, the way I understand it from the last BCH fork.... If it's transfered to a wallet before the fork, then the forked coins will be at the same address but the wallet wiil not be able to see them.
You will need to install another wallet that will be BT2X compatible. Then enter your BTC seed words (backed up) and the other coins should appear after the transactions are sync'd with the new wallet. OR... If you moved your BTC coins to an exchange like Coinbase after the fork, Coinbase SHOULD credit you with the BT2X coins.
At least this is my understanding of it. I could be wrong and maybe someone with greater knowledge and experience can chime in.
@_date: 2017-10-30 21:18:41
And here is what Texas is doing.
Bill Title: Proposing a constitutional amendment relating to the right to own, hold, and use any mutually agreed upon medium of exchange.
Spectrum: Partisan Bill (Republican 1-0)
Status: (Introduced) 2017-04-18 - Left pending in committee [HJR89 Detail]
Download: [Texas-2017-HJR89-Introduced.html](
  85R9405 EES-F                  By: Schaefer H.J.R. No. 89 
   
A JOINT RESOLUTION
 
proposing a constitutional amendment relating to the right to own, hold, and use any mutually agreed upon medium of exchange. 
BE IT RESOLVED BY THE LEGISLATURE OF THE STATE OF TEXAS: 
SECTION 1.  Article I, Texas Constitution, is amended by adding Section 35 to read as follows: 
Sec. 35.  The right of the people to own, hold, and use a mutually agreed upon medium of exchange, including cash, coin, bullion, digital currency, or scrip, when trading and contracting for goods and services **shall not be infringed.** No government shall prohibit or encumber the ownership or holding of any form or amount of money or other currency. 
SECTION 2.  This proposed constitutional amendment shall be submitted to the voters at an election to be held November 7, 2017. 
The ballot shall be printed to permit voting for or against the proposition: "The constitutional amendment recognizing the right of the people to own, hold, and use a mutually agreed upon medium of exchange, including cash, coin, bullion, digital currency, or privately issued scrip." 
