@_author: overallstandard
@_date: 2019-10-08 19:03:50
exactly. Don't take out anything that would burden you too much or could put you in trouble. Basically the same amount that you were planning to DCA every month anyway.
@_date: 2019-10-04 13:27:18
biology/evolution. If men were not like this we would not exist today as a species.
@_date: 2019-10-08 13:17:04
If you believe bitcoin will be more valuable in the future than it is today, get in with the amount that you want and get in as early as possible. DCA is for people who dont have the amount available that they would like to invest in bitcoin and its simply what they can afford out of their paycheck everymonth. If you have the money NOW get in NOW. There is no logic to waiting if you believe the value will go up over time. It cant go much lower, 8k to 0. But it can go from 8k to 20k ?, 50k ? 100k ? .... who knows. So if you have the money now just get it in as early as possible there is no reason to spread out your investment over 2 years. DCA is for people who are FORCED to dca because they are waiting on their monthly paycheck to invest what they can. NOT financial advice, but i can see how taking a loan out to get in now vs spreading out over 3 years is better than simply forced DCA with your paycheck every month. Allocate what you can as early as you can i would say. In this case the loan payment monthly would be your DCA price that you would normally put into bitcoin monthly, but it allows you to invest early and fully.
@_date: 2019-10-09 07:19:43
quite an extreme example, and that was in the past. Were talking about today right. I don't want to say DCA is useless I want to say DCA is not the only option. And some people pretend its the only right way to go. It could and probably will cost you gains in the long run. Everyone has to decide for themselves. I know I don't want to DCA I'm looking for ways to get in early. If you do then that's fine of course. Also, no one said to put your house into bitcoin. Why cant people read comments and have to bring in crazy projections of their own. Read it again I said to turn your DCA total amount that you envision into an upfront loan is not crazy and it is worth considering. People are taking out loans for cars/houses even mobile phone subscriptions like this and that's no problem. we are being manipulated into thinking that loans that are a pure LOSS from the start are a safe investment and that LOANS as a real investment with possible future wealth gains are bad. Think about that. Buy an old shitty car and take a bitcoin loan instead. I doubt anyone is going to mortgage their house of 1 Reddit comment and if they are they are idiots, so why are you bringing in this ridiculous example. Although the people that have put their house into bitcoin probably will be looked at as smart if bitcoin succeeds in the future ( see bitcoin family ). If you can afford to DCA, then you can afford to pay that same amount as a loan payment monthly and get the early gains fully. If you cant take that risk then don't take a loan simple as that. What is the big issue here?. I'm just giving an option for people not shy of higher risk/reward. Maybe you are older and very risk-averse if that's you then don't do it. For me the risk is greater passing up on the opportunity. People are making loan payments on EVERY kind of useless material goods that are just a cost and have 0 chance of bringing them future wealth but bitcoin is demonized.
@_date: 2019-10-08 19:02:17
You typed all that but didn't take the time to read my words properly. You can re-read what I wrote, and compare it to your own projection of what you thought I said. I'm talking about calculated risks. And anyone thinking about taking out loans is mostly responsible themselves together with the bank who should asess if someone is qualified for it.
I am only giving another option because DCA seems to be like a religion sometimes. When it is not the right way for everyone. If you have the money available now DCA is probably going to cost you a lot of gains. You're investing in bitcoin because you think it will go up, not down correct. DCA works in your advantage downhill. Not uphill, in that case investing early is better. We live in a society where people are constantly taking out loans for EVERYTHING. If someone takes out a loan for a house, we congratulate them on their great purchase, when that house can go down significantly in value as well. But bitcoin loans are evil ?. a small loan for a chance to have a better future is not so bad. I see bitcoin as internet real estate. You get to buy a piece of newly discovered land before it becomes insanely valuable. Imagine if you could go back in time to when the Americas were first discovered. Prime land was sold for pennies back then, and the same thing is true for bitcoin today.
Then you have the fact that governments, corporations, and banks are constantly screwing the small people because THEY are making big money using loans ( loans are created out of nothing ) to make real profits but somehow if the regular person thinks about using the same tactics you get told not to. If you think bitcoin or investing in bitcoin is playing Russian roulette then we are very different and of course, our ideas about buying bitcoin are different. If DCA gives you confidence then go for that.
Personally, DCA gives me LESS confidence as well as anxiety with not having my money in the market and running the risk of the price getting away from you. I would feel worse buying into an ever-rising price than buying early and seeing the price fall lower a few times. because I understand the value of bitcoin and believe its ALMOST a guarantee that the value will go up. Of course, there are scenarios where we will go to 0 but even if we do, im entirely confident I made the right decision with the knowledge I had available at that time.
1 if you have the money available now then you might want to get in now and not spread it out, you're missing time in the market and you can miss out on gains 2. If you're forced to DCA its not crazy to look into ways to invest the amount upfront that you would have ended up investing with DCA anyway.
@_date: 2019-10-09 07:22:29
I said not financial advice because you will get all these people anyway who are projecting that you are telling them what to do. I'm only opening discussion and considering other options.
@_date: 2019-04-11 18:42:34
this is what im planning to do aswell going for dollar cost averaging, putting whatever i can save/miss from my monthly pay check into crypto. 80% bitcoin and 20% for a few smaller coins, maybe cardano.
@_date: 2019-04-11 18:54:57
good points, so what kind of speculations would you make ?. Which coins would you go for and why ? I have looked at some technical analysis that people did of the cycles that bitcoin has had and im willing to start investing based off those and take the risk their anaylis and projections turn out to be correct.
@_date: 2019-04-11 18:57:10
yes going for the longer term profits, did you sell at peak for some profits to maybe reinvest again or are you holding ?.
@_date: 2019-04-11 18:46:24
would that % depend on your age and life situation aswell ?. I imagine a younger guy without kids can afford to take more risk, than someone who is stuck with a mortgage and has a wife and kids to take into account. Is going 100% of your net worth if your 20 into crypto a bad idea ?. There would be lots of years left to make up for any losses, and at that age it wouldnt be too much anyway.
@_date: 2019-09-30 15:14:52
Yes EU zone.
Alright i will check out those 2 options thank you.
@_date: 2019-09-30 15:18:17
Alright noted,
So far, kraken, binance, bisq and local bitcoin machines.
@_date: 2019-09-30 15:14:05
Unfortunately cash app is not working yet in my country, otherwize i would use that for sure.
@_date: 2019-09-30 15:16:59
That is an amazing deal actually. Just have to find one of those machines in the neighborhood and see their pricing. You also have to double-check the current price of bitcoin with other exchanges because they give you less bitcoin than what you are buying and they keep a little for themselves. So there could be a hidden fee.