@_author: oversilenttalk
@_date: 2014-01-15 19:09:34
I got a code, it worked, but when I go to fill out the verification form, some of the fields (drop-downs, specifically) don't work...
@_date: 2013-12-16 06:07:30
Theoretically, you would just have to change the function in D1.  In fact, because bitcoinwatch's chart seems to be dynamic, sometimes I have to change the function to get it to show the correct price (it starts pulling in the price from another market or in another currency).  Unfortunately, I don't really understand the function well enough to pull the price from coinbase.  Someone out there with more web dev/spreadsheet knowledge might be able to give some insight.  If you do figure it out let me know.  All I require personally is a close estimate, just to get a general idea at a glance, but I would love for it to be more accurate.
@_date: 2013-12-18 14:20:58


I have not personally invested a great amount into BTC at this point, mainly because of the risk involved.  I have, however, bought when the price dropped, and more specifically, at intervals, since it's hard to anticipate where the true trough will be.  
**Your money is only truly lost if either (1) you sell when the price is down or (2) the price *never* recovers.  If people around are the "true believers" they seem to be, then it would stand to reason they should reject (2).  And if you reject (2) then you certainly should reject (1) as well.**
I have, for the most part, been an observer here and other internet BTC communities, I have listened to the podcasts, I have read as much as possible from the proponents and the detractors, and I have come to the conclusion that the proponents are generally too optimistic, and the detractors are too pessimistic.  I think a point of rational skepticism is a safe place to be.


Some food for thought:
Edit: formatting
@_date: 2013-11-27 23:09:07
I have been wondering about this myself.  Been checking it periodically throughout the day.  It would be nice if they would update the status message to tell whether it's gonna happen later today or if it's not happening today after all...