@_author: owmybawls
@_date: 2014-01-06 21:48:05
Shit you can do with 51% hash power:
- force new AML/KYC rules upon the entire bitcoin network
- raise the 21,000,000 total bitcoin limit
basically the hash power wars aren't at all about double-spends. That's a big risk but it pales in comparison to the power big mining companies have to force protocol level changes upon the entire Bitcoin network at large.
People don't like to talk about these things. It's because it's the true risk. All it takes is for a government to compel large mining operations to run a certain tweaked version of bitcoind, and all bets are off at that point. That's why it's bad.
@_date: 2014-01-06 21:38:03
Downvoters of kayakguy: I take it you've never loaned anyone Bitcoins, only to see the price per BTC rise by a factor 10X... which is close enough to what happened with buyers of HashFast gear.
When, or should I say "IF", you're lucky enough to get the loan paid back, just imagine how it feels to get 1/10th the number of BTCs you originally loaned them in the first place. To be blunt, it feels like you did the other person a HUGE favor only to receive a pittance in return. Yeah, I've done it and let me tell you something: **never again** will I invest my BTC into ANY business or do anything but hoard it.
Just about the only way you can justify spending or loaning any BTC whatsoever is if you have easy access to more BTC to instantly replace whatever you loan out. Otherwise it's not worth doing.
It fucking sucks, to be clear. It fucking sucks that it's literally the case 9 times out of 10 that investing BTC into ANY business, or loaning it out to ANYONE, is a horrible financial mistake. And don't bullshit me: if you haven't experienced this yourself you have no idea the pain it causes you.
This really speaks to the pitfalls of a deflationary currency. Yeah, the holders of the currency are all better off, but God help you if you try to invest your money. It discourages risk taking, which is at the heart of entrepreneurship.
I honestly can't imagine what the guys who spent $30k on BFL minirigs must be feeling these days. A $30,000 investment in BTC back then is worth about $3,000,000 today, and that's doing nothing but sitting on your ass sipping martinis on a beach. Seriously, can you imagine the pain they must be going through? BFL has cost a significant number of people a literal fortune. Just something to think about.