@_author: own_your_life
@_date: 2019-02-04 23:59:20
My heart is as big as anyone’s, but I balance it with reality. I don’t prescribe to anything gov’t tells me and I would just love it if everyone made good choices and thought of their fellow man all the time. That doesn’t always happen. I have been to 13 different countries at a young age and not for vacations. Every place I went reiterated the fact, while not perfect, we are in the best place possible. I admit our justice system is not perfect, but it is the best one out there. It will never be perfect because it is ran by humans. Every human has some agenda and no one can be 100% impartial. 
The court system rendered a decision to him that he knew was a possibility by his actions. People who had loved ones die by the ease of bad things in silk road will never get them back. They have a life sentence that is worse than the one you are fighting for. 
I admire your passion, but your energy would do more good if aimed in another direction. There is a family somewhere who lost a child by one of the guns illegally and very easily bought on silk road. There is someone’s child who is dead from an overdose from drugs easily bought on silk road. Where is this passion and energy for justice and protecting the common good for those people? As you mention above, those people are a part of your family, too. 
We only have so much time on this earth. Time is a limited resource by which you can never get back. Rich or poor. 
I know you are a good person. Find a good cause to use your limited time and energy in which they lack an advocate. They need you more. 
@_date: 2019-02-15 19:13:55
What is a “doble” life sentence or even a triple “doble” life sentence? I am note sure what they are, but they sound pretty serious. 
By wishing that on me, doesn’t that make you disgusting, ugly, and unpleasant or am I the only one? If just me, that is ok. I will carry the torch for the both of us. 
If I do get those “doble” sentences you wish on me, will you start a petition for me? I wouldn’t want anyone else in my corner other than you. This would make our bond stronger. I feel like we are really connecting. 
@_date: 2019-02-03 15:20:04
I hardly know this would matter. His crimes crossed over many nations borders. Even if he got a release, why would another country not demand his extradition to their country for trial? He would be in prison somewhere else. 
His crimes were on an epic scale never seen before. He knew what he was doing and the possible extent of his consequences. 
Play stupid games and win stupid prizes. How about finding a better cause to get behind with your limited time. 
@_date: 2019-02-16 14:10:28
You are an exceptional memorizer. You should be in competitions. 
Those are certainly a lot of words that bear just about zero context to your benevolent cause, but you are trying. I commend your resilience. 
Since you are quoting the bible verbatim and using it for guidance, I wonder if you actually follow the whole book or just pick and choose things that suit you? If you are a true follower of the good book, how do you feel about Exodus 21:7-11:
7 “When a man sells his daughter as a slave, she will not be freed at the end of six years as the men are. 8 If she does not satisfy her owner, he must allow her to be bought back again. But he is not allowed to sell her to foreigners, since he is the one who broke the contract with her. 9 But if the slave’s owner arranges for her to marry his son, he may no longer treat her as a slave but as a daughter.
10 “If a man who has married a slave wife takes another wife for himself, he must not neglect the rights of the first wife to food, clothing, and sexual intimacy. 11 If he fails in any of these three obligations, she may leave as a free woman without making any payment.
Do you agree with this of just the parts of the bible where you say you will lay your vengeance on people? 
All of this seems rather unpleasant. I must believe you are a nicer person than you are displaying. You can do better than this. I believe in you. 
@_date: 2019-02-14 22:24:05
You are still not using your time well. His criminal actions facilitated A LOT of bad stuff hurting A LOT of people and he made A LOT of money from it. 
Life is too short. Find another cause. 
@_date: 2019-02-03 17:05:30
Maybe those people’s sentences should be longer. 
@_date: 2018-11-14 02:01:10
He ordered hits to have people murdered. That is a bit more than running a website. Funny how everyone seems to forget that. 
@_date: 2018-11-14 02:03:32
Raising awareness that ordering hits to have people murdered is really ok if enough uninformed people sign something? Yup, seems logical. 