@_author: oxymo99
@_date: 2018-01-07 18:37:31
WTF are you talking about?
How do you know what I wanted and didn't want.


I was never in the position to decide on a hard fork or not, that should be pretty obvious even to you.
If I were, I'd increase block size to 4MB to solve the current network congestion and have Bitcoin price shoot above $20k in 2 days.
@_date: 2018-01-22 17:00:42
@_date: 2018-01-22 16:09:57
It's unbelievable how retarded some of them are.
Every now and then I go over to r/btc for a short time, but after a few minutes I usually have to quite again as there is just too much negativity, hate and insanity over there.
Many of these guys there really seem to have some mental issues as they see conspiracy everywhere.
Everyone working on Bitcoin is bought by the banksters and the governments and they are all here to destroy everything. Totally insane... 
@_date: 2018-01-08 11:56:52
Exactly, as soon as the Core devs would be up for a block size increase, I'm absolutely certain that it can be pulled off without much trouble.
@_date: 2018-01-22 22:17:42
Many people have no understanding of markets and a serious lack of math skills.
@_date: 2018-01-22 16:51:55
I get your point, but still I think especially for beginners it would be important to not have them overpay on fees.
I don't know how that api is calculating the recommended fees, but the algorithm they use is simply not good in my opinion and I have seen a couple of times already that their recommended fees were way off.
I can see that you are using their api and that many others in the industry seem to use it as well, but still in my opinion their calculations are simply lacking a lot.
I checked again and the unconfirmed transaction with a fee of 30-50 sat/b have almost cleared from the mempool now.
Checking the API they STILL give a fast fee of 330 and much worse a 1 hour fee of 260!
This is insanely overpriced.
As of now a 100 sat/b  transaction WILL be processed in the next block and there is probably a 95% chance that even a 50 sat/b transaction will be processed in the next block.
Since your word has much more weight than mine, maye you can contact them and advise them to work over their aloorithm as it should be clear to anyone that it is absolutely not doing a good job.
@_date: 2018-01-21 21:30:56
I have to agree with the other poster. 
Why don't you give an option to the user to select their own fee, overriding the suggested fee.
Right now the link you gave lists fees as 330, 360, 380 which is obviously FAR too high.
There are surely many times where that api gives relatively accurate fees, but there are also many time like just now for example, where they are simply massively off.
As of right now, there is absolutely zero reason for anyone to pay more than 100 sat/b as transaction fee and even only paying half that fee will most likely still get one in the next block.
Anything more than 100 sat/b would be a complete waste of money and the suggested lowest fee of 330-380 sat/b by that api is just insanely overpriced.
If that page is the industry standard, then that's a pretty poor standard in my opinion as it is way off many times. As I said, it's fine to give users a suggested value, but they should also have an option to override that value if they wish to.
@_date: 2018-01-28 21:19:24


Time for who?
If you mean the people who worked full time on bitcoin in the past, they are also working full time on bitcoin now.
I mean it's not like they stopped working for some odd reason and you certainly seem to have the wrong impression here.
@_date: 2018-01-22 19:00:48
LOL, after a years long bull run in the stock market you want to invest there at this stage as it is "just too good right now"???
Hard to say where the crypto market will go in the near future, but I'm sure in the course of the next 3 years, there is much more money to be made with Bitcoin than at the stock market...
@_date: 2018-01-24 10:33:04


This is totally stupid.
How does a fund or an individual trader make money by scamming people to believe in technical analysis???
It has noting to do if people believe in technical analysis or not, they make money through buying and selling stocks based on technical analysis.
You are really a hopeless case...
Believe whatever you want.
@_date: 2018-01-22 08:52:05
This is a great idea!
I think the Bitcoin community can do a lot to help with LN adoption and making it popular.
It will take a while till large businesses will adopt LN as they need to see first that it's working safely, but smaller businesses can help with that by working as a test ground here.
So your offer is very much appreciated by me and surely many others as well!
@_date: 2018-01-24 09:11:17
Okay you are obviously not getting it.
There are loads of people and companies who have made shit loads of money by relying on technical analysis. They have done so since decades and will continue to do so.
If you want to believe that this is not the case and that none of them are making any money...so be it.
You can push your little theories as long as you want, if reality defies them, then they are obviously wrong. What you are doing is to actively NOT look at reality because it does not match with your theories. 
I can't further partake in this discussion, because you are obviously not interested in facts or reality.
Beside that, what reason do I have to lie to you?
I'm telling you that I have real life experience with these things and you are basically telling me that what I say is not true, because your theory says it can not be true.
@_date: 2018-01-07 20:38:36


Well I can see how good this is working, can you?
I already switched to a Segwit wallet and so probably did most of the other people on this Reddit sub and what did it help?
Realistically we can be happy if we have 40% Segwit adoption in 6-8 month.
People should wake up to realize that this will NOT help us on it's own.
LN will hopefully solve things in the long run, but realistically this will not be widely usable for normal people in less than 12 month, probably more and even WITH LN, we will need a block size increase anyway in the future, even the LN whitepaper says that clearly.
@_date: 2018-01-07 20:51:20


I know.
Btw. we have some 10% adoption by now after many month, just so you know.
So looking at reality, Segwit is not getting adopted as quickly as you and me are hoping for and if we have 40% adoption by the end of the year, I would consider this to be great already.


I'm not stupid and I know that on chain scaling will never work in the long run and nowhere did I say that I believe this to be a good solution.
It's amazing the moment I talk about a 2MB block size increase to get us through the next 12-18 month until LN is more widely adopted you and 2 other people are replying and imply that I want to scale on chain via big blocks.
This is exactly why I wrote in my original comment, that had Satoshi set the block size to 0.5MB, people would now tell us that it makes no sense to increase it to 1MB.
Can people please understand that there is also a middle way which is a modest block size increase PLUS Segwit adoption to solve the network congestion until LN is widely adopted!!
I am would never propose a block size incrase above 4MB as that would hurt decentralization, but anything up to 4MB is in my opinion absolutely acceptable and would solve all our problems immediately and the additional scaling solutions that are in the works will ensure that the situation stays under control in the future as well.
@_date: 2018-01-07 20:42:32


WHY on earth is it always the same?
The moment one mentions a small increase to 2MB, people come and tell that one can not scale via big blocks.
I KNOW THIS and nowhere did I say that I want to scale via big blocks, but we need a solution for the next 12-18 month.
And in case you missed it, even WITH full LN adoption, we need to increase the block size in the future, even the LN whitepaper says so.
Why must it always be the extremes being 1MB and nothing else or alternatively scaling with big blocks which is obviously totally retarded.
We have a serious network congestion and Segwit is not going to solve this. I'm not conivenced that it would fully solve it if we have 100% adoption tomorrow already, but this is not happening anyway as we are stuck at around 10% adoption since a longer time now and in the best case we are looking at very slow increase in adoption here over the next year.
@_date: 2018-01-08 08:31:21
No Bitcoin did not scale to 8MB blocks, you know that as well as I know. A group of people forked off which has nothing to do with Bitcoin scaling.
Stop being so dogmatic.
@_date: 2018-01-07 18:41:31


Why is it always that nitpicking when it comes to such topics?
I know everything you wrote, but obviously Segwit is taking up LESS space of the space that actually matters which is what I was intending to say.
As a result it has lower fees and there is more space for other transactions (again in the space that actually counts).
@_date: 2018-01-07 07:34:46
The fact that a huge exchange like Coinbase does not implement Segwit should concern everyone. After all, would they implement Segwit, their transactions would take less space on the blockchain which would result in lower fees for all other people as well.
Beside that, it would be an additional push for other bigger exchanges to also get Segwit implemented asap when Coinbase is doing it.
We have a serious problem with the network being overloaded and while I don't believe that Segwit is the ultimate scaling solution, it's at least a solution that is available now and companies should start to use it.
@_date: 2018-01-07 20:26:34
If you look at reality, then you will see that this is simply not happening!
Coinbase is not implementing Segwit and many others are also not doing it.
So discussing what WOULD be if all would adopt segwit today is completely useless, because it's obviously not happening for a multitude of reasons.
The second point in which you are wrong is that you say blocks would be half full by morning.
Under this assumption you believe that the transactions that are currently being done are the ONLY transactions people want to do which is totally wrong.
The transactions that are currently processed are the ones people STILL want/need to do even if they have to pay $30 in fees for it.
How many businesses have already stopped using Bitcoins, because of the high fees!
How many people have switched to alt coins due to that!
If Segwit would be adopted completely tonight, then yes, the blocks would be half empty tomorrow, but they would be full again in a week from now.
Of course fees would not be at $30 anyore, but they would be at let's say $5 and with massive amounts of new users coming in, they would be at $10 again at few weeks later.
So no, even full Segwit adoption will NOT solve the fee issue in my opinion, because even $10 fees are far too high and we need more than that.
A 2MB block size increase PLUS widespread Segwit adoption may safe us till LN is fully available. Better in my opinion would be a 4MB increase plus continous Segwit adoption of course. That way we should be pretty much fine until LN is fully operational and in addition we'd see a large increase in price as well. 


I never said it would be easy, but certainly doable in my opinion.
At least better than to continue loosing market share on a daily basis and forcing Bitcoin users to pay millions of dollars in fees every day to miners.
We recently had a block where the amount of fees was higher than the block reward. Do you honestly think this is an acceptable situation?
Just saying adopt Segwit, what's so hard about that, is unacceptable in my opinion. By that you are not accepting reality, because reality is that Segwit will be adopted very slowly and neither you nor I can change anything about that.
@_date: 2018-01-02 12:23:19
That's very easy, you just send the coins to an exchange, sell them there and withdraw the money to your bank account.
Why would it be any different to withdraw $1 Million compared to $1,000?
@_date: 2018-01-24 20:34:03
98% of the worlds population are not like you and me.
Normal people absolutely need a bank as they will NOT be able to manage their bitcoin themselfes.
Yes a bank is not 100% safe, but it is still 100 times safer than to have these people manage their own bitcoins.
Just look at how many old people get their cash stolen by trick thieves. Still these thieves can only steal what that person has at home, but with crypto they can steal everything.
Completely rob an indiviual of their life savings assuming one day everything will be in crypto.
This is completely unacceptable to the mass of the population and as long as there are no easy to use safe systems, there will be no mass adoption on a large scale.
Or do you honestly think an average older person that is not a computer geek can set up a cold storage??? They will not even know and understand what a cold storage even is.
@_date: 2018-01-22 20:12:40
Sorry, but that does not make much sense to me.
The volume in the futures at this stage is far too low.
This goes too much into conspiracy theory and I prefer to regard things as normal market dynamics.
We had such dynamics many times in the past already as well when there were no futures and no wall street involved.
@_date: 2018-01-30 13:13:22
People should stop to think it's a good thing to make the miners money to protec the network.
At such Bitcoin prices that we have now they make more than enough money to have enough hash power to protect the network, even without any network fees.
@_date: 2018-01-23 09:05:05
Some people say yes, some people say now.
In the end we can not really know at this stage.
In the future after a few settlements we should know more.
@_date: 2018-01-23 21:11:23
We are talking about probabilities here.
There is a resistance zone and if price is able to break that resistance zone, then chances are higher that it will go further up instead of down again.
So what it basically means is the following:
Let's say we are at X and the resistance zone is at X + 20.
If price manages to go up to X+22, then there is a higher probability that it will go further up in the days following that event.
If however the price only manages to go up X+19 and can not break the resistence, then there is a higher chance that in the following days, price will go down again.
It is actually pretty clearly visible in the picture if you are willing to look at it.
If price is able to break a resistence it is a sign of strength and if it is trying to and not able to break it, it is a sign of weakness.
People buy strength and people sell weakness. That's why price is afterwards expected to go up or otherwise down.
@_date: 2018-01-07 20:16:05


Wake up to reality please.
The "people" who want Segwit already changed to Segwit, these are the 10% Segwit adoption we have, the other 90% are big exchanges and various other players who currently do not care about Segwit as their customers are paying the high transaction fees anyway.
The world is a bit more complex than what you are proposing and due to that millions are flowing into alt coins each days and not so much anymore into Bitcoin which I consider highly annoying and unnecessary.
@_date: 2018-01-10 15:42:24
Absolutely awesome!!!
I'm glad you are supporting such a project.
There is usually not much money for such things which is a shame.
@_date: 2018-01-08 08:54:54


It is just that because it was made to be.
Would there have been more flexibility years ago already, we would still be ONE Bitcoin community and not two camps fighting each other.
Certain people pushed their ego and the result is the mess we have now. It's not like it was not possible to foresee this.


Of course it will not be enough if we want to have a large part of the world use Bitcoin, but it will be enough for the next couple of years and one can code a hard fork in the way that future block size increases does then not require a new hard fork anymore.
@_date: 2018-01-07 20:13:57
at least 1 year away for normal people.
@_date: 2018-01-08 08:50:28
okay then let's just stop any kind of scaling solutions and just sit and wait until nobody is buying Bitcoin anymore as it's useless.
Is that your logic?
@_date: 2018-01-30 14:42:52
But you are aware that we live in 2018 and have 12.5 BTC block reward right now?
We'll have 12.5 block reward for anohter 2.5 years and then 6.25 BTC for another 4 years and then 3.125 BTC for another 4 years and so on.
If Bitcoin is at $40,000 in 2028, the miners will still earn the same profit per bitcoin block mined as they do now (4x the current price 1/4 the bitcoins = same).
Of course one day very far away, the miners will only make money from fees, but as of right now and also for the next 10 years, this is nothing anyone should worry about in the slightest way.
@_date: 2018-01-23 21:07:47
Technical analysis is not a scam. It is based on statistics and experience.
Of course it is far from perfect, but it can help understand market movements in a better way and can actually be very helpful.
There are large trading systems that rely entirely on technical analysis and are very profitable, so saying technical analysis in general is a scam is simply not true.
@_date: 2018-01-07 21:53:59
LN is not here and will not be here for a longer time.
There is a big difference between doing some test transactions on a beta release and having large scale adoption.
So this argument is flawed because the high fees make everyone suffer for at least another year, so this is not a valid argument to have millions of people suffer and pay millions of dollars in fees every day just to help adoption of something that may be available partly in a year from now.
Beside that even with a block size increase to 4MB, blocks would not be empty as there are many many use cases and there would be many more transactions than there are now if fees would be much lower.
The number of Bitcoin users probably increased 10 times in the last 12 month, so this is somthing many people tend to forget.
With 2MB blocks and partial Segwit adoption I believe that blocks would still be full most of the time and fees would probably be in the area of $1-3 for next block.
So there is still a lot of incentive to use the LN, especially for people who need/want to do many transaction for whatever use case they have.
If you do 10 transactions for $2 on the main net or do 10 transaction for free on the LN, that's a no brainer for most people.
Just think about the large amount of use cases that would be available and could be further adopted and improved in the next 12 month if we would have cheap fees and people would actually use Bitcoins instead of just holding them for speculation purposes.
How many people have an interest to play around with LN or RSK on the main net if they have to pay $30 to even be able to open a channel?
How many more channels would be opened and closed when the fee would just be some $0.2?
How much less testing will be done due to the high fees?
@_date: 2018-01-08 08:28:36
I think the problem is not even them getting it done, it's also that other people need to build solutions around it once it is officially released. Merchants need to adopt it and so on.
So all of this takes time.
People think that just because someone says instant atomic swaps are just a few month away, it will mean that a full LN ecosystem will then be available a week later which is simply not true.
All of this will take time, so early 2019 is still very optimistic in my opinion and as you said, it's unfortunatey totally not acceptable to go on like this for at least another year.
@_date: 2018-01-24 20:02:53
Do you realise how absurd and retarded this statement is?
How on earth should I do that? 
Yeah right I'm going to convince you and a handfull of others on this Reddit and then you bunch of fools will invest your couple of hundred bucks and I will front run you and get rich.
How old are you? 12???
@_date: 2018-01-24 20:42:58
I'd say you are the sheep as you are narrow minded.
@_date: 2018-01-07 20:07:40
It would help us get through the network congestion until LN is fully adopted instead of making users pay stupid amounts of transaction fees and making Bitcoin loose market share because most people these days rather invest in alt coins than in Bitcoin in case you did not notice it.
LN will hopefully solve the issue in the long run, but this will only start to have an impact in probably a year from now.
So saying it makes no sense to solve the current urgent problem we have now makes completely no sense to me at all.
@_date: 2018-01-29 09:39:44
Your reply made me watch that video section in full and I give him credit that he's not just bashing it, but giving some reasoning to his opinion.
I can not say I totally agree with him and he comes off as quite a bit arrogant, which I also did not like so much, but still he has valid points and speaks from experience.
The main difference in my opinion is that he's comparing Bitcoin to high flying stocks from the dot.com bubble which I think is only partly justified, because these stocks back then did not have too much fundamentally to show off while Bitcoin has a lot to show off technical wise.
So that's the big difference which I think he is not fully aknowledging.
So all in all I do not really agree with him, but what he says is not complete crap and I can very well see why he has that opinion and there is certainly some truth to it in regard to market manipulation and all that.
@_date: 2018-01-08 16:00:50
Since you want to pay in cash, it is important for people to know in what contry you are based.
Unless you give this information, you won't get the kind of replies you are looking to get in case this is no joke.
@_date: 2018-01-22 20:15:42
It may be the case and if you want my opinion, assuming that it really is like that, then it is probably some larger asian players who want to reduce their exposure and use the upward push from european and american buyers to sell their coins.
But could be many other reasons as well. In the end nobody on Reddit will be able to give you the "truth".
They can just give you opinions, that's all as nobody has a crystal ball and the ones who claim they have are liars.
@_date: 2018-01-20 21:04:56
Why should they?
I mean the CC fees are where they are because Visa wants to make money, not because it costs them so much to operate their payment network.
I think you are overestimating the costs of a centralized payment network like Visa’s.
I would see no reason at all why they should even think about using the LN.
@_date: 2018-01-25 07:28:17
That's like saying if someone can't set up a webserver and configure a router, then maybe the internet isn't for them.
The internet doesn't need mass adoption, we don't need the world wide web and all that.
Imagine how the world would look like today if people had this attitude.
Without mass adoption you will NEVER have anything similar to a relatively stable Bitcoin price and without a relatively stable Bitcoin price what good is Bitcoin then in the long run?
Do you want to put your savings in Bitcoin and then when you want to buy a house, the price is down by 50%?
The big price swings we have and had so far do not matter so much for most people, because they mostly go up and not down and most people here hold Bitcoins because they believe the price will further go up.
The price is only this high and is expected to further go up BECAUSE people expect Bitcoin mass adoption.
Without further mass adoption this will not be the case anymore. Price will go down and there will be continous high volatility.
So it will be totally useless as a store of value for most people.
If you want to store a few thousand in there that you don't need okay, but nobody would store big amounts of money in a very volatile asset for the long run unless it's drug money or other illegal funds they can't declare otherwise.
@_date: 2018-01-29 11:21:06


That's what I mean with decentralized.
If there are many nodes that are connected each with many other nodes, then there the network is not very centralized and therefore robust.
If most channels just go to a few very big nodes, then it's centralized, but I don't expect this to happen in the long run.
@_date: 2018-01-29 10:12:08
The centralisation argument is not nonsense when it comes to routing.
Assume we had total centralisation, it would mean we only had one main node, if that one goes offline, LN is completely unusable.
So the more decentralisation we have, the more stable LN will be.
But I'm very sure this will happen anyway with time.
This has nothing to do though with the argument brought by BCash idiots that LN is centralized and therefore crap.
It's obviously not centralized, but will also not be as decentralised as Bitcoin network itself, but that's not important, it just needs to maintain a certain level of decentralisation to be robust enough to handle a bunch of nodes suddenly going down for whatever reason.
@_date: 2018-01-06 21:16:59
I understand he will pay for everything, so that would be $84k net as all other expenses are covered.
@_date: 2018-01-07 22:13:57
Yes, I noticed and gave up already, it's a waste of time.
@_date: 2018-01-24 22:19:07
Nobody is talking about predicting the future.
We are talking about probabilities in regard to human behaviour and that is to a certain degree indeed predictable or let's not say predictable, but there are certain situations where the odds are higher that A will happen and not B.
That's the edge you are trying to exploit in technical analysis.
But let's stop this discussion here.
I tried to give you all kinds of arguments and you basically just pushed the point that the science you base your opinion on says that it can not work, so we will not come to an agreement.
@_date: 2018-01-07 19:20:51
Near instant atomic swaps "Definitely not a year away, but mere months."
People should wake up and realise that something like this does not mean that there will be full LN adoption in a few month.
Yes, the news is basically great, but there is a difference between atomic swaps and being able to use LN everywhere for a coffee purchase.
Realistically I'd say we are looking at least at 12 month until users will actually be able to use LN somewhat in the way they expect it now.
If lucky a little bit earlier and if not a bit later.
However till the end of 2018 or longer we have to live with this network congestion, high fees and as a result very slow if at all increase in price.
Personally I'm very unhappy with this. Some people say that it's better to be carefull and that store of value is much more important than cheap transactions.
I agree partly, but in my opinion we would not give up much decentralization by increasing the block size to 4MB this one time and we'd have a massive price increase and low fees till LN is fully adopted.
I actually hate looking at CoinMarketCap every day lately and see the alt coins do 10-30% every day and Bitcoin is not doing much at all.
@_date: 2018-01-09 15:10:02
I think not, because it's not like we need only 51% but we'd need almost 100%
If someone pulls a hard fork and even 80% move to the new coin, 20% will still stick to the old chain, then we have the real mess.
As long as Bitcoin Core is against a block size increase there will be no block size increase and if someone tries, it will just result in a new alt coin in my opinion which just does more harm than good I think.
@_date: 2018-01-25 16:33:47
So what is Bitcoin actually for that makes the people who understand it not care about the price??
That's like saying people who understand gold don't care too much about it's price/value.
Anybody who is holding a SERIOUS amount of money in a certain asset cares about the price.
@_date: 2018-01-08 15:58:17
Yes, that's the way it looked like when I checked CoinMarketCap...
@_date: 2018-01-07 21:15:16


Where the hell do I have a conspiracy theory?
Or is now saying that Jihan Wu is not a paid government actor a conspiracy theory???
Where did you address my concerns?
You told me that big blocks is not the way to scale which is something I know and I never proposed that.
Yes, there is some network spam, but it is NOT the main and only reason for the network congestion we have.
Beside that you implied that I want to use Bitcoin for daily shit, that I'm a n00b and a few other things.
So no, this I do not regard as adressing my concerns, sorry.
It rather falls into the category of insulting someone you know nothing about, just because you don't like his opinion.
@_date: 2018-01-07 21:27:37


At least I know how to write his name!!!
You seem to have a serious mental issue, because you constantly state that I said something that I didn't say.
Where did I write that I know JIHAN personally! Nowhere, so stop claiming such bullshit.
Is it possible that Jihan is paid by the government to act against Bitcoin? Yes, of course. 
Is it likely? No as there are many other reasons mainly economical ones, why he behaves the way he does which make much more sense.
Obviously you are not understanding these reasons, that's why the only thing that makes sense to you to explain his behaviour is that he is paid by the goverment. Okay so be it, I won't waste more time on that as it doesn't matter in any way.
@_date: 2018-01-07 21:03:10


You are an idiot! I'm in Bitcoin since 2012 and I hold very large amounts, so stop that crap.
Look at what you are writing, you are not better than the idiots over at /btc
"Paid govt actor like jihad": LOL
First his name is Jihan, Jihad is what ISIS does!
Second he is surely not a paid govt actor. There is not a big conspiracy everywhere all the time.
He is just a powerfull person, looking to have the biggest economic benefit for himself at the costs of others.
Reality is complex and when it becomes too complex many people tend to flee into conspiracy theories as they are easier.
@_date: 2018-01-07 21:43:26


Can't discuss further with you, need to get a checkup....lol
@_date: 2018-01-24 21:24:34
A few hundred years ago you would surely be among the people who called anyone claiming the earth to be round a fool as it is totally clear that the earth can not be round, otherwise people would fall off, right?
If you look into the history of science, you should see how many times the current definition of science was prooven to be wrong by yet another scientist.
Hundreds of scientific believes and dogmas had to be changed throughout history as they were simply wrong.
So tell me how is a blind believer in science who does not question anything and does not want to look at facts when they are oposing his scientific believes different from a sheep?
@_date: 2018-01-08 09:27:16
What you write here makes no sense at all.
@_date: 2018-01-07 19:50:10
I fully agree with this in it's basic form, but then again I also could not find a convincing argument as to why a 1MB block size is totally fine and a 2MB block size would lead to a significant loss in decentalization.
Mind you I'm NOT totalking about an increase to 10MB or something like that. I'm just talking about a small increase to get us through until LN is fully adopted in maybe early to mid 2019.
There simply is no valid argument in my opinion why 1MB is fine and 2MB is not.
Had Satoshi set the block size to be 0.5MB, we would have the same people tell us that an increase to 1MB will hurt decentralization and is something we must not do in any case.
I'm just tired of this topic being so political and would wish for more pragmatism on all sides.
Bitcoin has a huge issue with network congestion at the moment and one must be blind to not see this.
This is also the reason why the alt coins gain in value every day while Bitcoin is not.
Yes, LN will come and it will hopefully solve most of this problem, but being realistic this will not happen before end of 2018 at the earliest!
@_date: 2018-01-08 15:03:26
In case you missed it we are seeing a strong overall market reaction and most alt coins including BCash are down much more than Bitcoin.


We would be on the moon right now if Bitcoin would actually be usable at the moment which it is not due to the massive network congestion and resulting high fees that we have.
That's why most people currently rather buy alt coins than Bitcoins.
@_date: 2018-01-10 16:19:54
I seriously doubt that.
As long as we have the current massive network congestion and high fees, that's a big blocker for massive increase in price.
This will only get better when we have massive LN adoption which is not to be expected before the end of the year at the earliest.
So I see absolutely no way that we can reach 100k before 2019.
$20k likely, $30k hopefully, $40k also hopefully, but much more than that only if LN adoption is getting much better than expected.
@_date: 2018-01-07 19:40:54
This is  wrong.
"We" as the users on this Reddit sub can not do anything to change this by using Segwit, because I'm quite sure the users of this Reddit only account for less than 0.5% of all Bitcoin transactions being sent currently.
Let's face reality we have 640k readers here. These are not the problem because most of them are either hodling or switched to Segwit already.
The problem are the big exchanges and payment processors that are not adopting Segwit and the millions of other users who don't even know what Segwit is or find it too complicated to change to it.
@_date: 2018-01-30 20:57:37
I'm pretty sure it will be higher, which again means that there is no issue with the security of the network as the miners will still make enough profit even without any fees.
I'd say some time in &gt;2035 the fees will become really important for miners, right now they are just nice extra money, nothing more.
@_date: 2018-01-23 10:26:05
I'd love to be working at that bank, then tell them that I'm heavily invested in Bitcoin and have them kick me out.
Then sue the shit out of them as this ban will never hold up in court. It's completely ridiculous that they are even trying this shit.
That may work in some thirld world country, but Sweden actually has an acceptable legal system, so this is never going to work out.
@_date: 2018-01-08 09:26:13


No, I said an increase to 2MB will NOT lead to a SIGNIFICANT loss in decentralization. That's a big difference so stop changing my words and the meaning of them.


Yes, but second layer and alternative scaling solutions are in the works and will come and there is nothing that prevents alt coins from adopting these scaling solutions as well. Ever thought about that?


I don't, that's why I'm talking here. It seems however that you take Bitcoins survival for granted.
@_date: 2018-01-11 14:30:21
He will never wake up again. Life does not work that way...
@_date: 2018-01-24 20:42:02
Even though many here don't seem to agree with you, you are 100% right.
The mass of the people out there will NOT be able to securely store their bitcoins and will be easily tricked or hacked.
@_date: 2018-01-07 18:42:37
Segwit get's more adopted -&gt; less network congestion -&gt; stronger price increase -&gt; should be good for you as well.
@_date: 2018-01-08 08:39:43
Then tell me please, how usable will a Bitcoin network be with a block size of 300k?
It's already completely unusable with a block size of 1MB and yes we don't have LN yet, but we are also far from mass adoption yet.
Even with LN in place, how do you think Bitcoin could be usable to hundreds of millions of people when the main chain has 300k blocks every 10 min??
Let's assume we have just 500 Million people using Bitcoin with full LN adoption in place.
Just the costs of opening a single LN channel through a transaction on the main net would already be prohibitive for most people.
I'd really like to know how you think this could work out in reality.
@_date: 2018-01-07 19:44:22


Why would that be my only option?
There are many alt coins out there that I consider to be much better than BCash.
Even Litecoin is in my opinion much better than BCash and yes, I also think that the backers of BCash are very shady people.
However I'm heavily invested in Bitcoin and believe in it in the long run, it's just painfull to see how much money flows into all the alt coins every day while bitcoin is loosing market share on a daily basis.
@_date: 2018-01-07 21:56:18
Okay then be happy that you just owned me. I couldn't care less.
Hope that makes your day!
At some point it just makes no sense to continue talking to an idiot.
Of course in your world I'm the idiot, so again be happy about it.
@_date: 2018-01-07 21:32:23
The majority of the important actors had already agreed to the S2X fork, just Bitcoin Core and a large amount of the user base did not agree.
The users did not agree, because they felt that this was pushed and forced mainly because Bitcoin Core was against it and the miners and other players wanted to push this through anyway.
I also was against the S2X fork, not because I'm against forking to 2MB, but due to the way it was going to be pulled off.
However if Bitcoin core would come out tomorrow and propose a 2MB block size increase and give valid reasons for it and explain their positions, I'm 100% sure it can be pulled off smoothly.
@_date: 2018-01-22 16:55:09
We are at $10.5k now, so we did NOT defend the $11k mark as of right now :)
@_date: 2018-01-08 08:26:11
All alternative scaling solutions still take time and they will be implemented anyway no matter if Bitcoin fees are $40 or $4.
To me also $4 fees is a serious argument to push additional scaling solutions as it is still far too high, but at least it is somewhat acceptable for the time being.
Your argument implies that nobody would work on any scaling solutions when fees are at $4 which is simply plain wrong. Of course people would still do that.
We have an insane network congestion at the moment and that will keep on for at least another 12 month or longer.
But the main point is that at one point in the future, we need a block size increase anyway, it's even stated so clearly in the LN whitepaper.
Would we never need a block size increase, I'd be okay with just sitting it out, but we are talking about something that has to be done anyway, so why not do it now to ease the time while we are waiting for other scaling solutions to come.
@_date: 2018-01-08 09:13:28
100% right!
There are hundreds of Millions flowing into alt coins every day for the very reason that Bitcoin is currently not scaling and basically unusable.
Had they fixed that issue in time, we'd easily be at twice the price or more right now.
@_date: 2018-01-07 20:57:10
What the fuck is wrong with you?
I'm not desperate to use any other coin and I don't want to buy a coffe with Bitcoin, I buy my coffee with fiat.
I have a huge investment in Bitcoin since many years, I'm in it since 2012 already, how long are you in it and how much do you have invested?
I presented valid arguments and instead of coming up with a counter argument you come up with your bullshit "fast food mentality..."
@_date: 2018-01-23 23:06:59
You don't know what you are talking about!
I personally know someone who works as a programmer for a hedge fund that is working only based on technical analysis and the fund is making a lot of money and that since many years.
Technical analysis is nothing other than market psychology in technical/matematical terms, working with probabilities.
Every day I can read articles of people saying Bitcoin is a fraud, a scam and it's gonna fail,
These people clearly do not understand Bitcoin. 
You are doing the same thing with technical analysis. Making fun of it, just because you are not willing to see what it is an rather dismiss it as a hoax.
@_date: 2018-01-22 19:05:14
Not generally true.
Today it went up during Asian trading hours and dropped during European and early American trading hours.
There are many reasons why Bitcoin goes up and down, so you can not generalize it in the way you do.
@_date: 2018-01-07 20:12:32
Sorry, but I absolutely do not agree with you.
If Bitcoin core would propose a block size increase to 2MB as a scaling solution to the network congestion we have unti LN will be fully adopted in maybe a year or more, it will surely be put into reality.
If they are absolutely against a block size increase as they are now, it will surely not happen, no matter what other people are going to push for it.
So this is the reality and saying that Core has no influence on such things is just not true.
@_date: 2018-01-28 19:40:42
You think they only started to work on it last year???
They started to work on it much longer ago already, do some research.
@_date: 2018-01-23 23:28:45
Look, there are professional people and companies who pay millions for technical analysis and technical trading systems.
They would not do this if it's not working.
I spent a lot of time (years) researching technical analysis and integrating it in trading.
I'm telling you that it works and what I'm saying is based on lot's of experience. There are many millionairs and billionairs out there who got rich by using technical analysis. 
There are hundreds of indicators and they all were invented by many different people who used them successfully to make money.
You have zero experience about it and tell me that it does not work.
So believe whatever you want then.


There are studies for all kinds of shit, that does not mean that they have any value. All this proofs is that there are many hedge fund managers that are not good. So what?
Stocks go up and stocks go down. There are also studies that you just toss a coin to decide if you buy a stock or not and you will not do worse than the average fund manager.
In the end most fund managers are not able to beat the overall market, but then again there is always a small group who constantly beats the overall market.
Why is Warren Buffet so rich and so many others not. He is just better in what he does than others.
By your definition a monkey could do what Warren Buffet did. We both know that this is not true.
@_date: 2018-01-07 08:19:45
They did not pay $750 for your transfer alone!
It was a batch transfer in which they paid out many customers, so the $750 is the fee combined to pay out a lot of customers all at together.
@_date: 2018-01-21 20:35:23
Not much to say to such a person.
Stupid and frustrated in my opinion, because these two things are not related in any way.
It's like saying I wish men would put as much confidence in women as they do in USD/Euro/whatever.
Any person seriously running around with a banner like that and not feeling totally stupid IS in my opinion totally stupid and has no clue about the world.
@_date: 2018-01-23 21:18:34
Wow how generous of them, LOL
Then I'd be happy to invest my next full monthly salary in more crypto coins. How fucking retarded is it of them to actually believe they can tell their employees what they are allowed and not allowed to do with their own money.
These guys should get sued the shit out of them just for even attempting to do that. Such attitude really pisses me off.
@_date: 2018-01-31 08:02:09
I know that and I never said at any given point Bitcoin would be the most profitable chain to mine.
But as you can also see when BCH becomes more profitable to mine, a small part of the hashpower switches over to BCH and things get compensated again. Same thing the other way round and when Bitocin is more profitable, some miners will switch to Bitcoin.
That was not my point however. What I was trying to point out is that at the current or higher price, miners will make so much money from mining bitcoin that there will be more than enough miners to do it to secure the network and fees are extra money for them, but are not important at this stage and also not in the next years to secure the network.
@_date: 2018-01-07 22:22:02


Yes, I know that it's quite unrealistic that they will agree for a hard fork.
My point is just that we will need a hard fork anyway sooner or later and I believe that it would be the smoother solution to do it now to solve the current issues we have until the other scaling solutions are finished.
The main problem is that all scaling solutions they are working on are still quite far from being available.
LN in my opinion is min 12 month away from being usefull for normal people and with Schnorr I don't know, but I did read about that maybe a year ago already, so hard to say when it will come.
I think I read it's still supposed to come in 2018, but that could also be November and even if it arrives tomorrow, it will be a valuable fix that's for sure, but it will surely not be the massive fix we would actually need at this point.


Normally I also see things that way, but since we need a block size increase anyway at one point in the future even with full LN adoption (that's even confirmed in the LN that a block size increase is necessary), I tend to lean to the pragmatic way in just doing the block size increase now and get things over and also have the network congestion fixed.
Your argument is valid that it will not be easy to pull off a smooth hard fork, but the same is true at a later point in time.
So it has to be done sooner or later and I'd rather have it sooner than later.
If we could get around a hard fork completely, then I would probably also say let's wait for the additional scaling solutions, but that's not the case and a hard fork has to be done at some point.
@_date: 2018-01-24 07:10:10


That's where you are mistaken. Even if the movements appear to be random and chaotic they are not (always).
In any timeframe you look at you can see certain patterns.
Just look at the chart image above and start from the very left.
You can see that it starts with a correction. Then you have an upwards trend, then a consolidation phase with little volatility.
Then comes a steep uptrend, then a stronger correction with high volatility, then another steep uptrend,  then a small correction, then a very steep uptrend and then a very big correction starting around 8th of December.
Do you honestly want to tell me that you can NOT see these patterns? Do you honestly want to tell me that this is RANDOM movement??
It is NOT random movement, it follows certain rules which are called market psychology and a smart person is able to take advantage of these patterns.
Just because not everybody can do it does not mean that nobody can do it.
@_date: 2018-01-08 15:40:22
Are you for real?
We have a 700+ Billion Dollar market, what kind of whale do you think can manipulate that so easily?
You can pump and dump some shit coin with a $2B market cap, but not the entire crypto market.
Look at the massive gains the overall market has made just recently and look at the volatility we have.
You don't need to be an Einstein to realize that this is not manipulation, but just normal market dynamics.
@_date: 2018-01-08 08:17:10
Thank's also for taking the time to reply as it is nice to hear that a sensible discussion is still appreciated by some people.
Yes, it is frustrating when you bring forward valid arguments and then a bunch of idiots jump on you and claim you are a paid shill.
I fully see the point about not scaling on chain and that 2nd Layer solutions are necessary, however it just feels like we are taking the stubborn approach which may work out eventually, but there is still also a realistic chance that it will not.
This to me makes no sense when there is also another way which in my opinion would be much more gentle and satisfying.
Being realistic, this whole Bitcoin Cash desaster only happened because of that shit and would there have been a bit more flexibility on the core side, we would still be ONE Bitcoin community and not two camps fighting each other like little children.
To me this is actually quite sadening to see how something great is seriously damaged just because people want to push their egos and believe systems and are not willing to just move not even an inch.
@_date: 2018-01-25 23:26:22
He's an asshole and a scammer.
I wonder why people even give a shit about his opinion.
I mean it's not like the success he had was based on him being very knowledgable or a market genius.
He's just good at ripping off people which is basically what he did by selling them junk.
@_date: 2018-01-07 21:21:35
Again don't you realize the load of bullshit you are talking here!?
I KNOW that 2nd layer scaling is the ONLY long term scaling solution, so stop telling me things I know long time already, probably longer than you do!
Nowhere did I ever write that I do not believe in 2nd layer scaling and that I want to scale through big blocks!
And now Mr. KnowItAll tell me, why does the LN whitepaper say that we need a block size increase in the future. They even say that block size has to be increased to 133MB to serve the whole world!
You call me technically not literate, but I actually DID read the LN whitepaper and I'm sure you did not, so just stop posting your crap, when you obviously lack technical knowledge and understanding.
I'm on the side of core on all aspects other than that we need a modest block size increase now already and not only at a later point in time.
@_date: 2018-01-25 08:11:18
Look at the longer timeframe going a few more years back and then ask your dad again.
Check this chart for example:
The whole year of 2014 was a downtrend and 2015 was building the bottom and slowly moving upwards again which continued throughout 2016.
So picking the two years with the least growth in Bitcoin and claming that the trend channel of these two years is THE BASE RATE of Bitcoin growth and anything higher than that has to come back to that channel again is in my opinion not honest.
So not sure what's your aim with this post, but either both of you don't have much knowledge on technical analysis or this is intentionally misleading.
And finally: Do you reallize that you did draw a typical zig zack upward move on a log scale in the second pic? LOL
@_date: 2018-01-08 08:20:04


No there will not.
Second layer solutions are coming and when they come they take the pressure off the main chain.
However some on chain capacity will always be needed and if you read the LN whitepaper it clearly states that a block size increase will be needed on the Bitcoin network in the future.
So we are not in the position to avoid a hard fork anyway, the question is just if we do it now or at a later point in time.
In my opinion when we do it now, we immediately solve the current issues and have a network that is actually usable while we wait for LN and other scaling solutions.
@_date: 2018-01-07 20:33:04


That's the world we live in and unfortunately many people do not want to see this.
Segwit is a scaling solution and it's here. People can use it, but there are many reasons as to why it is not getting adopted as quickly as many people hope.
Realistically we can be happy if we have 50% segwit adoption in let's say 6-8 month but this will not really help us in any way with the network congestion we have now.
As soon as fees go down, many people will start to do transactions that they are not doing now due to high fees and then we're back where we started.
In my opinion the only solution would be to push for further Segwit adoption AND increase the block size to at least 2MB, maybe even 4MB.
That should then solve the issue we have until LN will be fully available hopefully around mid 2019.
Since Core and many other people are too political about this topic, it will most likely not happen, so we are basically fucked for the next 18 month which will result in Bitcoin further loosing it's market dominance which is a pitty.
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:52:24


You are basically completely right with this argument, however I believe we are already past this point.
We needed Segwit for LN to work and we have that now, we all have seen how shit the situation is and people are working full force on LN and it will surely come in the near future (within 1.5 years latest if we want to be conservative).
So I think there is no extra push needed anymore for LN to become reality.
That's why I believe that there is no need for us to suffer any longer under the network congestion and I'd really like to see a modest size block increase to ease the situation until LN is fully ready and will then continue to keep the situation at ease.
@_date: 2018-01-24 21:34:08
Yes, many banks have been hacked already, but how many customers of banks actually have lost any money due to that?
And alternatively how many crypto holders have been hacked and really lost their money?
It's great that your grandmother is using technology, but let's assume there is a similar grandmother to your's, but she does not have any kid that is fit with crypto technology and that grandmother is actually relatively rich and has $2 million worth in crypto.
Do you really think that money will be safe with her?
My point being is that the average person will need help with securing their funds.
If they don't have much it won't matter so much, but if they actually have money, then they need help.
Assume someone sells their house in order to move to another country and buy a new house there.
Would they want to have their life savings transfered into crypto if there is only a 0.1% chance that they get hacked and loose everything?
In todays world, the buyer will wire the money to the seller and the seller has it sit in his bank account and when he buys his new house he will just send the money to to the new sellers bank account.
He could not care less if the bank get's hacked or not as it is not his problem.
If he does all this in Bitcoin it IS his risk and his problem if he get's hacked and people don't want that risk and people also should not have to deal with that risk.
Again if we are talking about smaller amounts of money, it's all fine, but if we are talking about life savings, even a risk of only 0.1% is too much already.
Yes, banks get hacked, but they usually have insurance for such cases, a normal person does not.
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:02:53
I have limited time at the moment, so I did only read into it partly, but this whitepaper is talking about an optimization in the reduction of on chain capacity for the funding of micropayment channels.
They are proposing a 3 layer solution where they will add a layer between the blockchain and the micoropayment channel layer.
However I'm not sure what this has to do with my calculations from above. That whitepaper is dedicated to micropayments which is still much further away than the issue I'm addressing.
This is another order of magnitude above what I'm talking about.
First we need to get people be able to use Bitcoin again for day to day things through the LN and then we can bring machine to machine payments and all other kinds of micropayments in as well.
Don't get me wrong, it's surely all great what they are doing, but this does not change what I wrote above.
I'll do the calculation for you.
Right now we have around 2,200 transactions per block on average.
144 blocks per day means 144x2,200 = 316,800 tx per day = 115,632,000 tx per year.
Let's assume the average person opens and closes 5 LN channels per year, that's 10 transactions in total.
This means at the current stage we can serve 11.5 million people!
Now double that tx number with full Segwit integration and we're serving 23 million people at the current blocksize we have.
Can you see the problem?
The block size needs to be upgraded anyway because serving 23 million people is not exactly a lot isn't it?
This is based on people only opening 5 payment channels per year and even if you want to half that and the average is only 2.5 payment channels per year in the best case we can serve 46 million.
We have 323 million people living in the US alone, 740 million living in Europe and 4.4 BILLIONS living in Asia!
So yes, no matter how you look at it, it will be impossible to maintain the blocksize we have now. It will probably not need to be 133MB in the long run, but there has to be an increase anyway, that's why I propose to pull that off sooner instead of later to solve the burning issue we have now that renders Bitcoin completely unusable for anything other than speculative hording at this stage.
@_date: 2017-12-22 08:50:53
The key point of value of Bitcoin is it's big decentralization and we can not justify to increase the block size above a certain level as otherwise we would loose decentralization.
Having smaller blocks more often or larger blocks less often will not make much difference in the end.
The only long term solution will be LN for instant payments, that's the only thing that really makes sense.
However as a solution for the problem we have now, a modest block size increase to 4MB should be enough to solve the problem immediately.
There have been calculations done by another user showing that the max limit we could increase without hurting decentralization at all is around 10MB.
However I'm not even advocating this as there is no need to push so far.
4MB together with further Segwit adoption and Schnorr will be enough to keep the network in a healthy state until LN is fully rolled out and adopted.
@_date: 2017-12-21 09:55:25
I 100% agree with this, but to be honest we are talking about blocks of 100MB, 500MB, these will lead to massive centralization, that's why on chain scaling is NOT a good approach, because such block sizes will be needed with mass adoption of BCash for example.
However for example 4MB blocks now and 10MB blocks in the long run together with Segwit and the other improvements will certainly not cause problems of centralization and together with Lightning will make Bitcoin usable for the masses.
@_date: 2017-12-21 12:18:27


But isn't it only the worst solution due to all the political drama that has been going on around that?
If somthing has to be done anyway at some point why not do it now?
People argue that there is a lot of money at stake, that's true, but I can not see that Bitcoin core can not pull of a successfull hard fork for a block size increase.
Beside that, what is better to pull it off at a marketcap of 100 Billion, or 200 Billion or 500 Billion?
In my opinion the longer one wait's the more is at stake.


I'm not for rushing, but to simply ignore the current situation is also no solution.
All the scaling solutions I can see will not help us in the next half year. They may lower the pain a bit, but they will not make it go away.
I seriously hope I'm wrong though.
@_date: 2017-12-21 22:07:35
That does not sound good to be honest.
With the current fucked up situation we are in and fees at $40+ I was hoping for a statment saying "We will roll out in 1 month and expect full adoption within 4 month".
That would be something I think we could live with, but being realistic, there will be no serious improve through LN before the end of 2018 the earliest.
So I'd like to know how Bitcoin should contiue for the next 12-18 month with no real improvement in sight.
And no, I do not consider Segwit a real improvement.
It will help a little bit, but will surely not solve the problem we have, especially not with the additional massive amount of new users coming in every day.
@_date: 2017-12-22 09:30:59
You are a complete idiot!
You are not able to bring forward a single valid argument and are calling me a troll?
Everyone can see who the troll is here, it's you!
@_date: 2017-12-21 13:41:57


Is this comment specifically directed to me or generally to the posters in this thread.
If directed to me, what makes you think that I understand nothing of all these and if directed to the posters of this thread in general, don't you think that it is a bit rude to say that generally and not to a specific person directly?
@_date: 2017-12-22 12:25:50


Yes, I 100% agree with you on that.
However the thing is, that we have that level of adoption now that nobody did forsee and it continues to grow and I can not see the developers adapting to this.
They continue with their original plan that was set up for much less adoption than we actually have.
So when the fundamentals have massively changed, also the sclaing plans need to be changed, but I don't see this happening.
@_date: 2017-12-21 12:42:47
Wow, so you didn't even read or understand my initial post and are calling me a n00b?
You're a complete idiot obviously as you could not bring forward any valid argument and are just being rude.
My argumentation is that the 1MB block size we have now will not be maintainable even WITH LN.
How does me donating to LN will help with that in any way??
So when you have nothing to say about that, why don't you just shut up?
You are the ONLY person in this thread who did not contribute anything of substance, so as I said before, just go somewhere else!
@_date: 2017-12-21 11:43:44
How do you know that a bigger part of them would not also use them as a currency when the transaction fee would not be $20 but only $0.1?
Just recently I saw an add where Burgerking had a promotion that when you pay your Whooper with Bitcoin you get a second Whooper for free.
Loads of people would do that with fees of $0.1, but only a few will do it with fees at $20 and these are the ones who are not aware of it and will then be pissed about being "ripped off by stupid Bitcoin".
In addition all these people you say are only here for speculation and are causing this traffic: If they are only here for speculation, then they will not move their coins.
They will have them sit at the exchange and sell them again with profit or loss.
So in my opinion they are **not** causing a lot of transactions.
The reality is that the number of people that have moved into Bitcoin and want to use it has massively increased in the last 14 month and now we have a network that can absolutely not handle that amount of users.
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:17:09
That's not true, the futures have to be hedged with real Bitcoins, so when more people go long, Bitcoin have to be bought.
@_date: 2017-12-22 12:46:08


Yes, it is the future, but many posters here make it seem like it will be fully available next week which is simply not true.
Even the LN developers did not even commit to any kind of date for the roll out, so one can be sure that this will take at least some 6 month and then the real challenges are only starting and it will take many more month until service providers will integrate it etc.
So realistically if we have a working LN for the masses in 12 month that will be a small miracle already and it may take quite a bit longer.
So till then we absolutely need to get some additional solutions and Segwit alone will definitely not be that solution.
A block increase to 4MB plus full Segwit adoption should give us enough room to breath until LN is fully available.
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:13:34
Could you give any rough estimation when this will happen?
I think it would help a lot of people in the current situation to have at least a rough estimation as to when things may improve again a bit.
@_date: 2017-12-21 22:27:19
Yes, but since we will need a block size increase anyway at some point I‘d much prefer to have a modest increase now to solve the current problem while we are waiting for LN to solve the long term problem.
@_date: 2017-12-22 09:23:02
Yes, there are multiple second layer approaches, but that does not help with the fact that they are not here yet and that we still need a block size increase anyway, even once the second layer solutions are in place.
@_date: 2017-12-21 21:58:41


Holly shit, this is what I was concerned about all the time.
We are totally fucked up already with the network congestion and the insane fees.
Many people make it look like LN will be available next week and then everything will be solved quickly, but that will simply not happen.
Look at the network congestion now and the number of new people coming in every day.
How should we survive another year without any big solution coming quickly?
@_date: 2017-12-22 22:02:57


This would be really interesting to know.
Personally I think this may actually be what most transactions are about at the moment, moving to and from exchanges.
I mean seriously even with fees at $10 and not $40 we have now, there are not too many use cases left where someone would transact in Bitcoins.
I think it's probably a mix of big exchanges not adding Segwit on the one side, but also I think it's not clear to many users how to use Segwit yet.
It does not work automatically and even a wallet update is not enough, they have to create a new wallet, move their funds etc.
So I think there may be a considerable amount of users who simply don't know how to start using Segwit as well and find it too complicated.
Any idea how it works with all the web wallets? How many of these did already upgrading to Segwit?
I think the majority of new users are using web wallets unfortunately as they believe this is easier.
@_date: 2017-12-21 11:17:07


No they are not. People will also move to lightning network when they pay $0.5 on chain and $0.01 on Lightning.
Would lightining be available tomorrow, then you can argue like that, but it is not available tomorrow and realistically it is still many month away and then it takes another many month until it is implemented by service providers and shops, so that people can really use it.
So to say that $40 fees NOW are good because then people will switch to Lightning network in for example 8 month should it be available by then makes no sense.
$40 fees are **never good** in my opinion. There is just no positive justification for such fees.
@_date: 2017-12-22 07:53:11
I'm not a shill, just check the first few posts in my history, then you will see immediately that I'm not a shill.
I'm a long time Bitcoin holder and I hold large amounts of Bitcoins.
I normally don't take part in online discussions as I have no time, but I had to open a reddit account for that urgent problem I had (you will see it when you check my first post).
So now that I have the account and that there is a massive problem with the Bitcoin network and it's getting worse every day, I decided to do my part as well and post what I believe is right.
You may not share my point of view and that is fully valid, but not everyone who think's different is a shill.
And not everyone who says we need a block size increase is on the side of Roger Ver and that is the big misunderstanding in my opinion.
People think Bitcoin is about small blocks and BCash is about big blocks which is WRONG.
Bitcoin is about regarding the primary long term scaling solution to be LN and BCash is about regarding the only long term scaling solution as on chain scaling.
We 100% need LN, but we also need a modest block size increase and it's a pitty that this topic got so political that one can not discuss this in a proper manner anymore.
@_date: 2017-12-25 07:15:53
A modest block size increase will solve the issue we have NOW and gives time to implement all other solutions properly.
We need a block size increase anyway, nobody is denying this.
We are now at a point where the Bitcoin etwork is almost unusable and instead of doing something that has to be done anywau we are forced to sit and wait for a solution that will hopefully come in many month and will then take many month until normal people will actually be able to use it.
Does not make much sense to me.
Nobody says the alternative solutions should not be pushed forward, but it’s clear that this will not solve the issue anytime soon.
@_date: 2017-12-22 14:21:36
This whole community is overloaded with ideology and I sincerly miss pragmatic people who just want to get things done and be somewhat flexible.
This was supposed to be something amazing that we are building here, but I think we will lose more and more market share to the alt coins who are more flexible in providing solutions that people really need.
The majority of the users will not understand the advantage of a heavily decentralized crypto over a centralized crypto and when we make bitcoin unusable for them, we may lose them forever.
@_date: 2017-12-21 11:27:53
Sorry but just don't buy that.
It may have been true a year ago or longer, but since then the number of Bitcoin users increased at least by an order of magnitude.
Just look at the comments from the big bitcin exchanges, they have like 100.000 new people registere there every single day!!!
@_date: 2017-12-22 11:42:43
:) okay, now I get it.
Well English is not my first language and somehow I didn't get it, probably because some people here are actually like that.
@_date: 2017-12-22 14:11:20


Link please!
@_date: 2017-12-21 09:33:42
Yes, but even if you factor all that in and you increase it to 28 transactions per second, that will still only serve 24 million users which is NOTHING when the goal is to have mass adoption.
So the point is if 1MB can simply not be enough even with Lightning, why don't we increase the block size NOW with a hardfork and offer kind of flexible block size that does not require a new hard fork to be increased in the future.
That way we can solve the CURRENT scaling issue while of course still fully pushing for Lightning network to arrive.
What we have now is being stuck in a situation where we have mass increase of Bitcoin addoption and we are absolutely NOT ready for this, which is causing huge problems with the fees and mempool overload and there is absolutely ZERO solution on the horizon that will solve this problem in the next let's say 6 month.
My point is that such a situation would not have been necessary at all.
I totally dislike Roger Ver and his BCash, but if there would have been more flexibility for a block increase by Bitcoin core in the first place we would not even have to deal with the attacks from BCash and their bunch of idiots as there would not be any BCash most likely.
@_date: 2017-12-22 12:21:56
Yes, but don't you see that even with a full Segwit adoption this will not be enough?
We have current fees at $40, so even if everyone fully adopted tomorrow, then fees may go down to $20 or $15, but that's still far too high.
Segwit will bring an increase of transaction capacity of some 70% when fully adopted.
How does that help when the number of Bitcoin users in the last 12 month increase probably by 1,000% and continues to grow???
Even if it's not 1,000% it surely is more than 500%.
Just look at the comments from the big exchanges in the last few weeks:
Bitstamp 100,000 new customer registrations per DAY!
@_date: 2017-12-22 13:14:39
That's complete bullshit and you know that!
If you stand by what you say, then go on and tell us how we can all use it today to solve the problem of network congestion that we have right now.
If you just make a completly wrong claim and then not care to proof your point, then better to just not post at all.
@_date: 2017-12-22 14:34:32
Them tell me who I can pay through LN today.
What you are talking about is playing around with it!
I‘m talking about real world usage!
@_date: 2017-12-22 11:57:19


I know what you said, I just wanted to point out that in any case, it needs to be higher than it is now.


It has to be done anyway, so why not do it soon. In addition, I'm not saying it is the only way to move forward.
I'm saying we should do all things people are already working on AND also increase the blocksize by a modest amount.


It will absolutely increase efficiently in the short term, that should be pretty obvious.
Of course it is no long time solution. LN is the long term solution, but we still need a short term solution as well, because as of right now, Bitcoin is completely unusable.
Just recently there was a block mined where the fees were bigger than the block reward.
If you don't agree that such a situation is completely insane, then I'm not sure what else I can say.


Of course we could if the influencial figures would properly explain it to the community.
Sure it can't be done in a few days, that's for sure, but it could still be done in a reasonable timeframe.
Many other coins hard forked already, so don't tell me it's something that can not be done.
In addition I understand that you basically agree with me that there will have to be a hard fork sooner or later. You say we will probably not need 133MB but less in the end and I basically fully agree with you here.
But by that you admit, that we have to hard fork at one point.
So look at the network congestion we have now and the insane fees we have and then tell me it is not a good point to do so now (with now I obviously mean in a reasonable amount of time).
Under what conditions do you think we should then fork in the future? When everything is fine and there are no capacity problems?
Of course not, because when there are no capacity problems, then no sane person will go for a hard fork.
So if we don't fork now, you want LN to be fully adopted and then AGAIN move into a similar desaster that we have now and will continue to have for many more month until the pain becomes so big that we will then fork?
Where is the point in that?
We need a lot of pain to pull of the fork and we have a lot of pain right now.
Why would we want to go through the pain we have now, only to enter a new phase of pain at some point in the future??
@_date: 2017-12-22 11:22:28
You are a primitive, uneducated idiot which you have just proven with your post.
I have been in Bitcoin long before you even heard about it and if people like you are Bitcoin supporters now, then we are in deep shit for sure.
@_date: 2017-12-21 15:01:40
I believe that back a year ago and further it really looked like a block size increas will not be necessary and that LN would come before there will be the need for bigger blocks.
Then things got political and people took positions which they now don’t want to move away from.
I think some people will just prefer to have Bitcoin be rendered unusable for anything but speculative hording for the wealthy for half a year or longer than to revert their position on a block size increase.
@_date: 2017-12-21 22:14:25


We should increase to 4MB asap. That is no problem to be handled and will not result in any kind of decrease in decentralization.
That would help immediately to solve the network congestion for the near future.
Further adoption of Segwit will help further with the additional number of new users coming in as well as Schnorr when it will come one day.
That should be enough to keep the network working in a healthy state hopefully for the next 12-24 month until LN will be fully adopted and will then continue to keep the network scaling properly without too serious issues.
Without a block size increase happening soon, I can not see how Bitcoin will handle the next 24 month. 
Let's be honest the network congestion is totally fucked up and will not get much better as long as new users are coming in at the pace they are coming in now.
If we want mass adoption of Bitcoin we need to do something NOW to make the network ready, because it obviously is not ready for the number of users it has now, otherwise we would not have $40+ fees.
@_date: 2017-12-22 10:41:31
I‘m proposing block size increase AND of course full Segwit adoption.
Bith together will ensure a usable network until LN is widely available and no by increasing only to 4MB blocks we will not loose any decentralization in my opinion.
@_date: 2017-12-22 09:01:40
Wow, I would not have expected such a comment, that's a huge let down.
No I still don't see conspiracy here, because I can understand his point of view and what he is aiming for, I just don't think that this is necessary at this stage.
He is preparing for the time when there are no blocks to be mined or rather where the block reward is so small that the fees need to be high enough to ensure stability of the network against an attack.
However I think it is idiotic to have this now already when there is absolutely no need for it.
Would we be in 2025 already, I could fully relate to his post, but we are in 2017.
Yes, you can see conspiracy and it is valid to do so, but I personally still just see a high level of ideology which does not go in the same direction as my point of view.
@_date: 2017-12-22 13:11:20


I don't know unfortunately.
To be honest, I would really like to hear some official statement from Bitcoin core team on how they think the situation with the Bitcoin network will pan out in the next 12 month.
I think everyone agrees that the situation at the moment is terrible and I can not see how it should or could massively improve in the future.
So when Greg Maxwell says "I'm pulling out the champaign" in regard to the current situation then this is not helping much at all other than piss a lot of people off.
I can see and understand his point in regard to the long run, but he is not addressing the reality we are living in now and will continue to live in for the time being.
The guy who messaged him specifically said: "...I think there is some legitimate concern that the fee per tx is prohibitive for some use cases, at this point in the adoption curve."
This is actually worded very kindly, because the reality is that the fee per tx is prohibitive for **almost all use cases** at this point.
It's a pitty that Gregory did not really address that in any serious way.
I would have wished for a statment saying something like, yes, the current situation is terrible, we fully understand that and we are working with full force on a solution which we will present in 1 month and that will bring much needed improvement for the current situation.
But he didn't say anyting along those lines, so there is nothing that they are going to do, other than what we already know about and I also don't really feel like they acknowledge the severity of the situation.
@_date: 2017-12-22 14:06:25
Are you kidding me??
Maybe you should have read this statement on the linked page you posted: "The application is under active development and currently only operates on the Bitcoin testnet chain."
The is NO real world LN available, so how can I use it today then?
Please explain!


I guess you prefer to post totally misleading information.
The LN is in the beta stage on a Testnet. Do you have any idea how far away that is from me and you actually being able to use it to send REAL Bitcoins?
So I stand by my coment: "LN is still very far away"
If 16+ month is not far away for you, so be it, but in the current situation and with the current network congestion it is damn far away for me.
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:24:27
Sory, but does the fact that Bitcoin will be completely useless for anyone beside rich people for at least the next half year?
This is assuming that LN is available by then and fully adopted which I consider very unrealistic.
@_date: 2017-12-21 10:08:31
Layer 3 solution does not help when Layer 1 has too little capacity.
Look at my numbers above. As long as most people still want to store their wealth on Layer 1 (Bitcoin) and not on Layer 2, the 1MB limit is by far not enough.
They are very smart, that's for sure, but in my opinion they are NOT ahead of the game, because if they were, we would not have the situation we have now.
I give credit to them though that it was a bit hard to forsee such a massive amount of new people move into bitcoin in the last 6 month, but still, if they were ahead of the game, we would not have $20 fees and countless people waiting for their transaction to confirm for days.
@_date: 2017-12-21 09:38:41
I was a long time advocate of NOT increasing the block size, but to be honest, Segwit will not help.
Even everyone moves to Segwit tomorrow, just look at the number of people registering new on an exchange every single day now, this will simply not work.
New people come to Bitcoin, then notice that it is completely unusable due to $20 transaction fees and what's gonna happen.
Of course they believe Rogers bullshit that Bitcoin is old technology and totally useless!
We really have a massive problem unfortunately and I would wish someone from Bitcoin core would come up with some kind of statement, this would help massively.
@_date: 2017-12-23 08:04:25


The only reason why the hash rate is so high is because Bitcoin price did increase more than 2,000% since the last halving.
So it was obviously very lucrative for people to start mining Bitcoins which is the reason why more and more people started to do so and that drove up the hashrate.
However there is absolutely no reason that it has to be 15.5 exabytes, we are just at that level due to the very much increase Bitcoin price and it is not the duty of the users to make miners wealthy.
The network would be as secure as it is now if the hasrate drops to half of what it is right now.
What would happen if the Bitcoin price drops back to $5k?
According to your argument we should then pay double the block reward in fees just so that the miners are going to still make the smame profit they are making now.
That's not how it works and when it is no longer profitable for miners to mine, then some will drop out and the hash rate will go down, making it profitable again for the ones that stay in.
I fully agree that it is important to still maintain a certain level of hash power and in many years in the future when there will be almost no block reward anymore a certain amount of fees will be necessary to still have a hash rate that is required to keep the network stable.
However we are talking about a point in time that is some 8+ years away.
In my opinion there is absolutely no justification for people to pay $40 for a single transaction today and there is no justification for having blocks in 2017 with a 12.5 Bitcoin block reward and a bitcoin price at $14k and having more bitcoins in fees for a single block than block reward.
I say it again, this is insane and something should be done about that situation asap.
@_date: 2017-12-22 09:28:37
You are completely correct, but I still believe that the Bitcoin network at this stage should be usable for more than just for speculation.
Even when half the people drop out, fees will still be too high and that is the big prolem we have now.
We are not talking about having $1 fees and wanting them back to $0.5
We are talking about $40+ fees and even when they drop to $15, this will still be far too much.
People want Bitcoin to reach $100k and more, but this will never happen as long as the network is overloaded as it is now.
We have $40+ fees at a Bitcoin price of $15k.
Fees are not fixed to the Dollar, they are paid in Bitcoin, so when Bitcoin jumps up to $100k, the $40 fees of now become $280 fees.
As long as the network congestion problem is not solved, we will not see sustainable high prices in my opinion.
@_date: 2017-12-25 15:40:27
I think it is absolutely justified for a Bitcoin user to express his opinion what Bitcoin Core should do in his opinion.
We are not living in a dictatorship and even if someone is not contributing by coding which 99.99% of the Bitcoin users are not doing for various reasons, it is still totally fine for thrm to be free to express their opinion, even if some people don’t like it.
I highly respect Bitcoin Core for what they did so far, but there are a couple of things on which I absolutely do not agree with them at this stage and as a Bitcoin holder for many years I feel it is my absolute right to express these concens.
OP is absolutely right, Segwit is the ONLY scaling solution Bitcoin Core is giving to us at the moment and a scaling solution is in urgent need since a long time. So the fact that their answer to the urgent scaling issue is Segwit, but that they did not came up with a proper implementation in the Bitcoin Core wallet is pretty poor in my opinion.
@_date: 2017-12-21 10:24:55
The fees are at $30, because Bitcoin is the most used coin.
But to say that it is okay that it's that high makes no sense.
Bitcoin had like 95% market dominance a few years ago and now it's around 50% I think, so obviously we are loosing ground and one reason is that Bitcoin became unusable for payments and is currently only usable as store of value.
For price to rise to where we all want it too, I believe that only store of value is NOT enough and it needs to be usable for payments as well.
How many people will use Bitcoins when the fees are at $100 and more???
We want price to go to $100k and above. We now have fees of $40 at a price of $17k
So when Bitcoin price is 6 times what it is now, fees can be 6 times what they are now.
So no sane person can say that this is okay.
@_date: 2017-12-27 20:54:31
I have to disagree here.
Just read an article where it says that multiple exchanges at least temporarily stopped accepting new customers as they are overloaded and can not deal with the demand.
So as of right now all the big exchanges have more customers than they can handle, so implementing segwit is just low priority to them.
It's a shame of course, but that's the way it is and as long as masses of people are newly registering there, there is simply no pressure for them to implement Segwit and they will probably dedicate more resources to customer support and scaling their own platform and not into changing any core aspects of their system for Segwit
@_date: 2017-12-22 10:07:11
The S2X was rushed and at that time it still looked like it may not be necessary, that's why it also did not have the necessary support from the community, but things simply have changed a lot in the last few month.
That's why I feel, we should move to a 4MB block fast and by that solve all issues we have now and keep things smooth while waiting for LN.
@_date: 2017-12-21 13:13:35
Yes, if there is no further strange comment comming from you side, then we're done here :)
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:24:15
Maybe you want that as you don't hold enough coins, but I and many others certainly don't want that.
Beside that if Bitcoin really goes down to $800 then it's fucked anyway and some other coin will take over.
@_date: 2017-12-22 14:15:54
You know very well what I was talking about and I know exactly what you just explained.
But look at the number of people that came into Bitcoin in the last half year alone!
We have mass adoption now and the big exchanges reported in the last weeks that they have 100,000 new registered users per DAY.
So having 1MB blocks or 4MB weight unit blocks or 2MB Segwit blocks or whatever you wish to call them is obviously not enough.
@_date: 2017-12-21 13:21:14


Yes and I heard about that already more than half a year ago.
Since then the network however increased by more than 30% in regard to users, so even when it comes tomorow it will not make the situation any better than it was half year ago.
Half year ago it was not as bad as it is now that's true, but it was also still far from good.
The thing is however that Schnorr is not coming tomorrow, but the number of new people coming into Bitcoin continues to grow every day.
The way I see it as an example we have 10 new people coming to Bitcoin every day and people keep telling that soon there will be a solution that will help process 3 more people and then there will be another solution that will help to process 2 more people and they keep telling this since many month.
Yes this is all great and I hope these improvements come fast, but that is still not enough to handle the 10 new people coming each day.
What we need is that we have 10 people coming and we get a solution that will process 20 more people per day.
In regard to the 1 open channel per year you may be right and people may open and close less channels than I calculated with.
However I think this would also only be true in the longer term when LN is prooven to be stable and secure.
Would LN start tomorrow I'd only put relatively small amounts in there that I'm willing to loose and not most of my money.
Anyway, rethinking it, there will most likely be really less channels opened per month/year than in my calculation.
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:31:54


I have a similar impression and also supported this view but not now anymore.
If we increase blocksize now and there is one or a bunch of scaling solutions availabel let's say in a year from now or 1.5 years, then sure the next crisis will come and people will be happy to use the scaling solutions quickly.
But what we have now is that the crisis is fully here already and there is no real scaling solution people can move to. Yes, I know there is Segwit, but given the magnitude by which the number of Bitcoin users/holders has increased in the last 12 month and especially the last 6 month, even if Segwit is fully adopted we will not be back to $0.5 transaction fees.
Right now 90% of the people are holding their coins and doing absoutely nothing with them due to the high fees.
So even if Segwit is fully adopted, the moment a bigger part of the Bitcoin holders actually start to use their coins and start to do a few transactions and not have them just sit at the exchange, we are back to where we are now.
Right now we are in a situation where everyone would happily move to a real and long term solution, but there is none.
Sure people need to adopt Segwit, I don't deny that and I wish we would all be on Segwit already since yesterday, but it will still not solve the problem we have now in my opinion.
We have far too many users in the system and fees are at crazy high levels already now and I can not see how this is going to get better any time soon.
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:13:37
I‘m not proposing 100+MB blocks!
I‘d really like to hear specifially how a 4MB block would cause any problem with your connection speed.
@_date: 2017-12-22 22:09:54


Maybe you should stop living in the future and come back to reality.
You are right with what you say, but you are talking about probably more than 8 years into the future while Bitcoin is completely unusable now!
Miners get 12.5 Bitcoins block reward as of now, so how can you honestly say that it is not insane when there are blocks mined where they get another 13 Bitcoins in fees on top of that??
That's equal to the block reward we had before the last halving and then the price was at some $600!
It will not be insane to have fees higher than the block reward after the next 2 halvings, but it is 100% insane as of now!
@_date: 2017-12-22 10:11:16
Yes, I think they got a bit detached from reality.
Don't want to do them injustice as I highly appreciate the work they have done so far, but this comment from him is a bit hard to swallow.
He's "pulling out the champaign" while normal people have to pay $50 for their transactions and have to wait days for confirmations.
Putting network security in many years to come up as the highest goal and completely ignoring the issues normal people have with Bitcoin is in my opinion at least a partial detachment from reality and I would wish that they also would show more care for the current issues we have now and how these affect people actually wanting to use Bitcoin and not just to speculate with it.
@_date: 2017-12-22 07:56:18
I'm a software engineer, but I'm not in the position as of now to contribute technically due to complete lack of time.
What I'm doig is to express my opinion that we need a modest block size increase which most people don't want to hear.
There are very valid reasons for this and when you check my other post you will see them explained.
All I can do is to say what I have to say and I'm doing that.
I believe that's at least better than doing nothing and staying quiet.
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:54:17
What has this to do with my statement about the network congestion?
@_date: 2017-12-21 12:59:21


Honestly are really not able to READ???
Where did I say that I don't believe that LN will work?
In fact I even wrote that I believe that LN is the ONLY solution for really scaling Bitcoin, so obviously I fully believe it will work.
If everything you write is either wrong or rude or both, then I say it again, just go somewhere else.


YOU are the one who's arguments are pointless and add nothing.
Are you really not seeing this?
@_date: 2017-12-22 12:02:52
The problem is that this whole topic became so political.
So now it's hard to have a valid and rational discussion about it and many people who took the position that a block size increase is not necessary do not want to move away from that position because they believe that by doing so, they would admit that Roger was right.
This is of course bullshit beause he was not right and I think he's a misguided person.
The thing however is that at the time the people pushed the point that the 1MB blocks are fine, in my opinion they were right with that.
However the fundamentals have changed in the last half year, with a massive influx of new users and a massive rise in price.
So now we have a new fundamental situation and we need to adapt to that.
@_date: 2017-12-21 10:42:21
I agree with everything you said and I don't listen to altcoin pushers.
However my point is basically the following:
1.) We don't have the additional scaling solution yet that we need now.
2.) We need to increase the blocksize anyway with a hard fork sooner or later, even when all the scaling solutions are in place.
So when there has to be a hard fork anyway at some point, why not make it soon to solve the current network overload until the othere solutions are ready.
Why have the network congest so hard and let us loose market share to alt coins and most likely keep that network congestion up for many month to come just to avoid a hard fork that needs to take place anyway sooner or later?
@_date: 2017-12-22 11:36:31


Well that's hard to understand then when there are lot's of people around who will post pretty much what you did, but actually mean it.
@_date: 2017-12-22 12:59:20


I'm honestly afraid to know by now what it would take for them to agree on a block size increase.
Since they still seem to be far away from agreeing on a block size increase in the current situation, how much worse do they actually want it to get?
@_date: 2017-12-22 08:46:09


I don't see any bought out devs and I don't think this is any kind of conspiracy thing here.
What simply happened is that the Bitcoin adoption was much faster than anyone has expected.
I fully supported the dev's view that there is no need for a block size increase up until very recently.
I also always advocated that we should aim for alternative scaling solutions first and only increase the block size at a later stage.
However looking at the development of the last few month, the number of users just increased exponentially and the network in the current stage can not keep up in any way, that's why the fees are going through the roof.
All alternative scaling solutions are great and absolutely needed, but people must understand that these will take time and will not be released and adopted within days.
The only quick scaling solution we have available is a block size increase which is something we need to do anyway sooner or later even with full LN adoption.
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:54:52
Thank‘s for this very good reply!
I fully agree that a 10MB block would be absolutely not needed and also pushing the limit, but an increase to 4MB would solve all network congestion issues immediately and would give us smooth, quick and cheap transaction while waiting for LN to get released plus all the other scaling improvements.
@_date: 2017-12-21 12:24:46


Well how good has that worked with segwit so far??
You can see the world the way you want to have it or you can try to see it the way it is.
Reality is that Segwit is not helping yet, even though it was advertised as that and I also fully believed it would.
This is not the fault of Bitcoin core of course, but that does not chang the fact that it did not bring the relieve people had hoped it would and surely will not do so for a long time to come for a multitude of reasons.
The main being that service providers have to work to integrate it and for many different reasons they are not doing it or not giving it the priority.
As I said, all the scaling solutions that are in the works are good and absolutely necessary and I hope they will come fast, but I can just not see them magically solve the desaster we are currently sitting in within the next 6-9 month and 6-9 month is a damn long time in crypto.


Yes they will, but tell me, what is happening faster, the improvements they can think of and can implement in a certain timeframe or the number of new users coming into Bitcoin?
Any scaling improvement will take many month from theory to be put to use.
If you have a scaling improvement that will reduce the load by 20%, but by the time it is put to work, the number or new users has increased by 30% then how much help is that in the end?
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:43:06
Where did I say that I want 8MB blocks.
It's funny that the moment one points out a serious problem, a bunch of people jump in to claim all kinds of things that were never said.
The poster I was refering to wrote like LN will be here next week to solve the issue we have and I merely pointed out that this will surely not be the case.
Everyone talks about LN and this is absolutely great and realistically this is the only long term scaling solution that makes sense and I'm a 100% supporter.
However if you just run a few numbers it should be clear that we will never be able to keep the 1MB block size we have now, even with full LN adoption if we are aiming for example to have let's say 500 million people use Bitcoin in a regular way.
So when there is the need for a block size increase anyway in the future, why not incrase to 4MB now which will be absoluely no problem to handle and by doing so solve the congestion problem until LN is ready.
I am not proposing 8MB blocks and I'm not pro BCash, quite the contrary, I hate these people, but I also hate that it is a taboo to even mention the topic of block size increase for Bitcoin these days, even though it could solve the huge problem we have now immediately and most likely keep it solved until long term scaling solutions are available.


Just think about this, there are currently around 13 million transactions per month. Transaction fees for fast processing are already in the area of $30-40, so let's take a conservative numer and say the average transaction fee is $15.
This means that the Bitcoin users pay almost $200 million in transaction fees to miners each month. That's $2.5 billion over the next year if things don't improve massively.
Does that not concern you? People are loosing massive amounts of money due to this situation alone, so no I don't like to be patient in regard to these numbers.
@_date: 2017-12-21 13:43:30
Are you? :)
I already wrote that we're done here and it's my thread, so why did you come back then?
@_date: 2017-12-21 17:53:47
Have you ever traded any future contracts or other financial derivative??
What I‘m describing is a normal scenario which will be existing in almost any market phase that there is a mismatch between buyers and sellers which is the reason why there are market makers and oh course they have to hedge their positions.
Yes of course one is hedging on the oposit end of a contract.
In my example the market maker took the short side, so he has to hedge on the long side.
So by definition he can not hedge his short position with more long contracts because the very reason that he even is in the short position is the lack of other traders willing to take the short position!
So who‘s gonna take the other part of his hedge then??
Explain this first before you call other people stupid!
@_date: 2017-12-23 07:54:07
Congratulation, you officially proved to everyone that you are a complete idiot and are not able to read and understand what I actually wrote.
If what I wrote is wrong then how about a proper argument against it?
If you are not capable of partaking in a discussion, then just don't and spare us your stupid one liners.
@_date: 2017-12-22 12:06:41
Look I'm not talking about an increase to 10MB or 20MB.
I'm just talking about 4MB and if not then 2MB.
There is absolutely no reason that such an increase would not make it possible anymore for normal people with a normal internet connection to run a node.
The 4MB will serve us well till LN is in place once that has happened with the 4MB plus Segwit plus Schnorr plus full usable LN we can serve probably some min. 300 Million people to fully use Bitcoin for everyday things. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 12:56:05
Well 4MB was my proposal for the long run, but I'm the last person to be fixated on a certain number and if others want to go for 2MB then I'm more than happy with that as well!
The only important thing is that we do something other than hope for more Segwit adoption, which is of course necessary, but will not solve the problem on it's own.
@_date: 2017-12-21 11:38:34


I am not simply proposing block increases.
I stated clearly many times that Lightning network is the ONLY real solution I see to scale Bitcoin in the long run and I also propose that all other scaling solutions should be brought forward.
However it also seems clear that sooner or later also the block size has to be increased if we want to serve for example a billion people.
If it has increased to 5MB, 10MB or 20MB to serve a billion people I don't know, but it's clear that at one point it has to be increased and even core said that.
Their point was just that it's better to push for alternative scaling solution first and only increase the blocksize when there are no alternative solutions.
What I see now however seems to be that the alternative solutions can not keep up with the amount of new people moving into Bitcoins.
That's why my argument is that when we need to increae the block size anyway sooner or later, why not do it now to solve the network congestion and of course still add all alternative scaling solutions as fast as possible.
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:15:17
Yes, have been hearing about that since some 18 month?
And it will surely be another 6 month till it will be released and then at least another 6 month till service providers adapt to it.
So how does this help in any way with the network congestion we have now??
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:40:22


You are the one who does not know what he's talking about!


In any bull market there will be more buyers than sellers, so it's the duty of the market maker to provide liquidity and he will take the other side of a new long position.
To do this he has to protect himself and for that he will buy the necessary amount of Bitcoins to cover himself against the risk.


That's correct, but no market maker in the world will NOT hedge himself against the risk, so while there is no absolute requirement to do so, it will of course be done all the time basically.
If you have no knowledge on how this market works, then don't tell others that they don't know what they are talking about!
We are in a bull market and when lot's of instituational investors go long Bitcoin a lot of Bitcoin will be bought.
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:12:12
That's 100% correct and I'm glad someone is addressing this problem.
We have thousands of new people coming into Bitcoin each day, so even with Segwit fully adopted there will not be enough capacity for all these people to use Bitcoin with low fees, which in my opinion takes away a big justification for a high Bitcoin price.
@_date: 2017-12-21 22:03:51
LN will not be available immediately and when it's rolled out it will still take many month for it to be adopted by service providers.
In my opinion we should fork to 4MB blocks asap as that will solve the network congestion problem until LN is fully rolled out and adopted.
Check this thread here:
[How can 1MB block size work even with Lightning network?](
@_date: 2017-12-21 10:20:47
Sorry, but saying $45 fees is good is stupid in my opinion.
It is 100% not good.
I'm here becaue I believe in Bitcoin, but I also see an obvious problem. When you believe in something, but see a problem, don't you try to fix it instead of just going away as you indicated which is what I should do??
@_date: 2017-12-21 10:27:02
Why don't you reply with anyting of substance instead of posting a one liner that adds nothing?
@_date: 2017-12-21 21:51:05
I just saw the last few minutes only.
Did she actually say anything concrete as to when LN will be ready?
She was asked on a roadmap and she said they have like 800 testers and all that, but she did not say anything concrete as to when they plan to roll out.
Was there anything said at the start?
@_date: 2017-12-21 21:02:07
I don't agree.
Sure you can and should not increase the blocksize forever.
This is exactly what BCash is advocating and it will obviously not work, but there is surely a certain margin by which you can increase it.
Based on your argument, if Satoshi set the block size to 500kb, you would than argue that you can not increase it to 1MB, because that is a rabbit hole you don't want to go down.
Sure it can be 1MB as we have all seen for the last 9 years.
And it surely can also be 2MB or 4MB as you can see above.
And 4MB is in my opinion enough to solve all the current issues until the time that LN is fully ready and rolled out.
@_date: 2017-12-21 13:08:55
I'm not angry, just amazed that someone is just posting stupid onelineres without actually reading and understanding what the discussion is about.
You posted 5 messages and not a single one contained any valid argument. Glad you moved on.
@_date: 2017-12-22 11:34:02
The NYA was done in May and yes, back then in my opinion it still looked like we could get away with the 1MB block limit.
The problem with the NYA was that it was rushed and that the community was not prepared in the way to get fully support from them.
This is why many opposed S2X, because the way it was to be brought forward was simply not a good way to do it.
It felt pushed and so the normal reaction of users was to block and then the whole shit became polictical and the rest you know as good as I do.
I'm not used by anyone in any way. The thing is simply that we had a mass influx of users, much more than anyone could have imagined.
So this simply changed the facts.
Would we not have a mass adoption of Bitcoin and would the price still be in the $1k area, we would also not have a problem with network congestion and insane fees.
But the fact is that there are now probably 10 times the people in Bitcoin  than we had a year ago, so obviously we have to rethink if the scaling solutions that are in the works will be enough to handle this.
I am thinking and my conclusion is that these solution are not sufficient unless we are all fine with rendering the Bitcoin network completely unusable for the next 18 month or have the price go back to $1k.
Both are not valid options for me.
@_date: 2017-12-21 21:20:58
You remember MySpace?
They were dominant before Facebook came up and now they are gone.
Instagram and Twitter serve different purposes, similar to IOTA or in part Ethereum, but other alts are simply eating into Bitcoins market share and that should not be denied.
People are now talking as if LN will be ready next week, but in my opinion that is denying reality.
Segwit is ready since 4 month and you see how far the adoption is.
Even if LN is rolled out in 6-8 month it will then surely be another 6 month until service providers and others adapt to it.
So that's at least another 12 month without any solution to the massive network congestion we are seeing now.
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:35:27
If you don't think that it will be a problem when the network is congested like it is now for the next 12 month, then I don't know what can further be said.
@_date: 2017-12-21 13:31:59


I know that and I worded it not properly.
What I did mean is that if Bitcoin core came forward with a block size increase and they would explain properly their reasoning, then it would not divide the community and the hard fork should be no problem (compared to the terrible SegWit2X)


I did not use the term ignore in regard to Bitcoin core I used it in regard to the poster I replied to, who said that there is no problem.
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:09:56
Well great then that you understand everything about that, but of course are not willing to specifically say what is wrong and how it would be right...
@_date: 2017-12-22 10:39:22
Yes, that‘s why only scaling on chain can and will never work.
@_date: 2017-12-21 21:38:48


Complete bullshit! Stop misleading people!
@_date: 2017-12-22 12:40:59


Yes, that's what should have happened, but even now core seems to have no intention to increase the block size any time soon.
Check [this post]( from Greg Maxwell from today.
@_date: 2017-12-21 22:17:52


I'm not saying they should blame Bitcoin!
I'm just pointing out the fact that as soon as fees will go down by mass adoption of Segwit, people will do more transactions, which again will result in fees rising again.
There is no way we will see low fees with Segwit only, for that there are far too many users on the network by now.
This is all I'm saying
@_date: 2017-12-22 11:40:43
Well, even if it could be lower, it surely can not be 1MB.
So my point remains the same, if we need to fork anyway at some point to increase the block size, why not do it now and solve the massive issue we have now and will continue to have in the near to mid future?
I'm hearing about Schnorr for month and I'm hearing about LN since years.
So it's naive for people to think that suddenly they will be here next week, fully usable, because that's not gonna happen.
The network congestion got worse and worse over the last few month up to the point where Bitcoin is basically unusable right now and it will stay completely unusable until at least the LN is fully rolled out and integrated which in my opinion will take min. 1 year from now.
@_date: 2017-12-21 21:27:28
You forgot that there are millions of Bitcoin holders now and 95% do nothing with their coins because the high fees make any real world use impossible.
The moment the fees start to go down and people will try to do something with their coins, the number of transactions will shoot up again and we are back where we are now.
How many people used Bitcoin for small payments and all kinds of things 1-5 years ago.
All these people are now using other coins for these things, because Bitcoin fees are too high.
You have the impression that the transactions we have now is all there would be which is simply wrong.
There would be many more transactions, but they are executed on other networks now because the Bitcoin fees are too high.
Just think how many people used Bitcoin in Venezuela or other fucked up countries as an alternative to their national currency.
How many people in Venezuela do you think are using Bitcoin there now with fees being at $40?
They all moved to alt coins...
So now, even a compelte adoption of Segwit will not help anything in the long run unfortunately as there are still far too many users for the block size limit we have now.
I'm totally for full Segwit adoption, don't get me wrong, but people should not fool themselfes by thinking that this will solve anything in the long run.
Just look at the statement of the big exchanges: 100,000 new registrations per DAY!
How is Segwit going to help with that?
@_date: 2017-12-21 22:41:26
I‘m not telling the devs anything.
I was merely expressing my own opinion on a public forum and I hope that is still acceptable.
@_date: 2017-12-21 09:15:31
It was always clear to me that it will never be enough, but I never did my own calculations and expected it will not be enough in a few years from now when Lightning comes soon, but to be honest it seems that even when we get Lightning network tomorrow, it will still not be enough with the rapidly growing number of people getting into Bitcoin.
I was always a suporter of Bitcoin core, but to be honest I feel that they have failed here in a way by not forseeing the large number of growth and offering acceptable solutions in time.
The massive high fees we have now and the complete overload of the mempool is a terrible situation and I can not see how this can get better soon even if Lightning network will be available tomororw, given the time it will take till it will actually be ready and implemented by exchanges and service providers.
@_date: 2017-12-21 12:11:00


I hold a large amount of coins since long time and I sell some from time to time to exchange to fiat for every day expenses and sometimes use it to buy something.
So while I'm mainly holding there are still use cases where it can be used for everyday purchases, but not anymore due to the insane fees.
In the end Bitcoin only became so popular because people actually used it to buy something and not just for speculation.
So when the element of use falls away due to high fees, I believe it looses the element of excitement for many people and becomes just a speculation object.
Beside that many people will simply feel that it is inferiour and unusable and so will loose faith in it and will move to alt coins.
In my opinion most people do not understand the fact that the size of the network and the large decentralization gives Bitcoins a lot of value  much higher than other crypto coins.
But since most people don't understand that, their reasoning is, why should I hold Bitcoin and expect it's price to go up when I can also hold this other coin whatever it may be that has low transaction fees and many other features.
And then Roger comes along and tells them how much better BCash is and that Bitcoin is old technology and many will believe him and if not move to BCash, they at least may consider moving to some other alt coin.
One could say these people are stupid and deserve that as they did not educate themselfes enough, but that is just not right in my opinion.
We all want mass adoption of Bitcoin and we can not expect that everyone is a tech wizzard, we need to deliver the best tech and best distributed network to the people that is actually working for the masses and right now that is not the case.
As a holder of a considerable amount of coins, I do not want to see Bitcoin crash and then rise again in mayb a year from now or further as lightning network may finally work and be available to the masses.
Sure people will say hodl and I will, but I just feel like a lot of that drama would be unnecessary and beside that I hate to see that people have to pay insane amounts like $40 to minerst just to get their transaction sent. I consider that a huge waste of money and at these prices, the miners earn enough anyway.
@_date: 2017-12-21 15:21:08
That's the big mess we have now, that due to the block size increasment debate coming too early and having started to get extremely political and therefore dividing the community we have serious issues now.
I feel that some people want to avoid even talking about larger blocks because they think that by doing so they would acknowledge that Roger Ver is right.
This is of course wrong and Roger is not right at all as he is advocating on chain scaling as the only valid solution which is complete bullshit. 
The only way for long term scaling is second layer scaling, that's for sure, but still I believe that a modest increase in block size will also be absolutely necessary and by doing that soon it would help with the current problems a lot.
@_date: 2017-12-22 09:49:52
Okay and what blocks do we have then?
If you are hinting at Segwit, then just read my original message in full.
Just shooting out one liners without any real substance does not help anyone.
@_date: 2017-12-21 15:10:17
I fully agree that more segwit usage is very important and yes, I have a segwit wallet.
But as I mentioned in some other post already, there are multiple reasons why Segwit adoption is slow and will continue to be slow for a longer time.
So the argumentation that everthing would be better if everyone moved to Segwit is just half true as realistically this will not happen any time soon.
Even many wallets don't offer Segwit yet.
Sure we all need to move to Segwit, but we also need additional solutions yesterday already.
People are talking since month about Schnorr and various other things that will come, but as the past has shown all these things are taking much more time than many people expect.
@_date: 2017-12-21 10:33:13
So tell me then which point in my post is spam and not a valid argument??
I hold Bitcoins since 2012 and I hold a lot of them.
I'm not a n00b and I'm not trolling, so stop behaving like an asshole and add something of substance or go somewhere else.
@_date: 2018-02-19 20:36:57
Well good in the end the bank does not seem to be overly concerned and is not asking questions.
Some people here present it as being almost impossible to cash out larger amounts from Bitcoin sales without being totally red flagged and asked a thousand question.
This is not true in my opinion and I would not be in any way concerned that you are not being investigated/questioned.
@_date: 2018-02-28 12:44:20
Yes, making illegal transactions easier is by it's pure definition not good, if that's the ONLY thing that is done, which is not the case.
I mean just by him inventing Windows and pushing mass adoption of computers, he basically is directly responsible for all the illegal shit people pull off these days through computers and the internet according to his own logic.
He's responsible for the darknet, for child pornography on the internet and any other kind of shit you can imagine.
After all more than 90% of the people use his windows to do all that shit.
So his argumentation is complete crap and since I don't think he is that stupid to not see this, I just feel like he's pushing an agenda here. If someone else would have said that, okay, I'd just assume that guy has no idea what he's talking about, but Bill Gates is responsible to a large part for the mass adoption of personal computers and then saying that a new technology is bad and directly responsible for some illegal activities can be applied in the same way to anything he has invented himself and I can't see how he can not know that.
I mean it's not like there was no darknet and no internet drug sales before there was Bitcoin, right?
@_date: 2018-02-19 14:38:27
Can't comment for the US specifically as I'm from Europe, but in my case for example I was asked by Bitstamp when I sold coins there for proof of origin of the coins while I was not asked for anything with Kraken so far.
As for the Bank's it will probably depend on the amount of money you turn around through the bank account.
If you only have like $2k coming in and $2k coming out per month and suddenly you have $100k coming in they will normally ask for additional details on the money.
If you are rich and have $2 million going in and out of your account every year, they will probably not ask for details on a $100k transfer.
Again can't say anything for sure about the US obviously, but for exchanges I can say that some care more about source of funds while others care less and for banks it usually depends how much off the incoming funds are from what is normally going in and out of the account.