@_author: ozzymondiaz
@_date: 2017-05-04 18:44:08
If income taxes are needed for a society to function well, then how did the US function for over 100 years, before the income tax came into play? Honest and open for discussion question. Like your thoughts on that.
You state that countries not forcing taxes failed, yet how well are things, currently? We have people without medical coverage, because the "needed taxes" go to fund the banking-military-industrial-complex. Even the tax from paychecks for Social Security has been hijacked by Congress for it's own slush fund.
Would not putting large import fees be better, and making money from selling products to other nations be better, than taking people's paychecks? What is to say the government is any better qualified to spend that money, than the people?
Again, before the early 1900s, we had all the infrastructure, and there were taxes, but not taxes on The People's income. That, I think, is where a lot have the issues. When you have mega-corporations like Citibank, GE, BP, and Verizon making billions, paying 0 federal taxes, AND getting billions in tax returns, it shouldn't be the people that have to have their partly pay penalized, but those who are making their billions, who wouldn't be able to, without the workers in place.
There does need a balance. The "bull o cracy" and lobbying needs to be eliminated, but is easier said than done.
@_date: 2017-05-04 16:51:34
There's the IMF, World Bank, Rockerfellers, and Rothschilds...
@_date: 2017-05-04 13:34:06
ALL currencies on the planet are a pyramid scheme. Few, if any nations, actually have their own money. The money comes from the various central banks, which are privately owned, and they loan the money to the nations at interest. What these nations have, to pay for these debts are resources: land, minerals, natural resources, etc.
@_date: 2017-05-04 13:40:32
One meme for the US sums it up well: Driver's license, fishing permit, hunter's license, conceal carry permit: look at how much freedom we have.
@_date: 2017-05-04 16:49:25
True. One such example, in the US, is HJR 192. Amongst other things, it shows that the US is bankrupt. The "collateral pledged" is the debt slaves, as you mentioned. That is the real reason the banking cartels don't want BTC, or other crypto-currencies, or if they "allow it," they want their enforcers, like the IRS, to tax/punish people for their use. Anyone who tries to get them out, in modern times, like JFK or Muammar Gaddafi, is eliminated. They learned their lessons in the 1800s, with Andrew Jackson. I've read conflicting stories, where some say Lincoln was assassinated, in part, because he opposed the bankers, whilst other sources say he was their tool, which would cause the current US bankruptcy...