@_author: p0lytetraflu0r0ethyl
@_date: 2018-01-12 10:09:10
I have been waiting 27 hours since the seller deposited my Interac e-transfer. And the admins still haven't intervened. I tried to get their attention. Ridiculous. They seriously don't have enough staff to handle a dispute after this long? Crypto-currency is very volatile.
@_date: 2017-02-03 19:37:19
Fraud is a major, major issue with bitcoin buyers. Especially credit card fraud ("carders"). Therefore it's absolutely crucial that bitcoin exchanges and services like Coinbase verify your identity and impose limits/restrictions to reduce the risk of fraud. Online casinos do the same thing. In order to withdraw my winnings from an online "fiat" casino, I had to submit my driver's license and a utility bill or bank statement showing my full name and address. Crypto casinos however don't usually require any KYC and process withdrawals instantly because bitcoin is irreversible. Fiat is not.
@_date: 2017-02-24 02:54:14
Wasn't it like $1,216 on Gox or something like that? Gox was inflated though relative to the other changes because Mark Karpeles would artificially pump up the price every Friday. And they had halted fiat withdrawals. 
What counts as the official ATH?
@_date: 2017-03-04 12:37:26
I think most major USD exchanges are trustworthy. I have my doubts as to whether Bitfinex is reliable. But that's up to you to decide. Poloniex hasn't had a hack in 3 years I believe. They should be reliable. Apparently Poloniex lost like 11% of their coins in that hack though. Even back in 2014, that is inexcusable. Poloniex shouldn't have kept that much coin in their hot wallets.
@_date: 2017-03-04 12:27:16
If you plan on hodling no matter what, then store in a personal wallet. Large amounts in cold storage.
If you want to be able to sell quickly at a moment's notice, keep them on an exchange.
A lot can happen during the time it takes to move coin around (esp if you have them in cold storage. Even with a hot wallet, keep in mind lots of exchanges require multi confirmations before allowing you to trade. I think Poloniex only requires 1 confirm). A lot can definitely happen while you're asleep. Good idea to have a stop-loss order when you're asleep unless you're a hardcore hodlor or don't trust keeping money in exchanges.
@_date: 2017-03-01 00:10:31
OP next time if you want a reliable method for cashing out btc via Interac e-transfer, sell to me. I'm a verified trader with 300+ trades 100% feedback. No fraud. Always looking to buy BTC (so as long as I'm awake and I don't buy too late in the night sometimes because liquidity is very poor at night). PM me if interested.
Do not accept money into your bank account from the general public or buyers that aren't vetted. The fraud rate for bitcoin trades is extremely high when you sell to the general public.
As a personal policy, I do not accept Interac e-transfer, cash deposit, PayPal, bank transfer, etc. from the general public for BTC. I only accept irreversible payment methods from the general public. I only accept e-transfers and bank transfers from legitimate entities.
@_date: 2017-03-05 14:31:39
Wish the location was more convenient for me. Mimico is like a 25-35 minute drive for me. I might stop by their ATM when I'm in the area. It's 12 minutes from Islington station and I usually park there when I go downtown. I mostly withdraw to my bank account because as a bitcoin trader, the volume I transact is considerable (I buy/sell daily or almost daily). But I often worry about getting bank accounts closed due to my transaction volume and the nature of them (banks don't like bitcoin). I like having some cash and buying almost everything I can with cash
@_date: 2017-03-02 04:06:08
You're willing to pay +4% for coin cash money? Seems too good to be true. I'd be concerned about getting scammed. 
I would rather sell to a machine at +4% cash than take chances on localbitcoins selling to random strangers for +4-5% cash (that's the usual going rate for face-to-face meetups in my area last I checked).
EDIT: You're selling at $1672.49 CAD. Local rate on LBC is $1710.84. Ok so your rate is not quite 4%. Market rate is $1633.91 on Coindesk. But still very good for a ATM operator. That rate is still suspiciously high.
@_date: 2017-11-18 02:56:18
In electrum, I looked at the preview of what the fees would look like if I sent from my legacy wallet to my segwit wallet and there was no byte discount. 1 input + 1 output = 189 bytes (sometimes it's 190 or 191 I think). Does it have to be segwit wallet to segwit wallet to get the byte discount?
@_date: 2017-11-18 00:06:58
There is demand for OTC services. Not everyone is comfortable with jumping through the necessary hoops to buy from cheaper sources.
I'm a OTC broker and some people think we are parasites. But some of my clients are well aware of cheaper alternatives and still prefer trading OTC for various reasons. Bitcoin and crypto-currency was founded by anarcho-capitalists and libertarians. The type of people who are the most uncomfortable with sharing driver's licenses, passports, utility bills, bank statements, selfies, etc. with exchanges.
The real parasites are the feds who one day are going to demand Coinbase and the exchanges to hand over our transaction data and the corporate donors who have the politicians in their pocket. The CRA is already demanding that PayPal hand over their business account transaction data from the last few years. PayPal is arguing that this goes against privacy laws. But the Canadian government has a different interpretation of the law. lol. Big Daddy government can do whatever the fuck they want. Citizens are slaves. The ordinary citizen has to pay the full tax burden while rich people hide their money in Panama, Cayman Islands, Curacao, Dominican Republic, Switzerland, etc. Finally ordinary citizens can have a Swiss/Carribbean bank account, only better: crypto-currency wallets. That's why the feds and bankers are scared shitless of crypto. Over 20% of my portfolio is in crypto-currency ever since I started investing a year and a half ago and growing. Lots of anarcho-capitalists and libertarians prefer the OTC market because it's underground. It's out of sight of the feds.
@_date: 2017-11-25 22:34:40
I only have bitcoin, bitcoin cash, bitcoin gold, ethereum and litecoin. Bitcoin diamond when that goes live. I think Trezor supports all of those (no bitcoin diamond yet). I kept most of my BTC on exchanges during the Diamond fork so I'm going to miss out on a lot of Bitcoin Diamond from the looks of it. I didn't think it would be worth much and some exchanges really gouge you on withdrawal fees.
@_date: 2017-11-18 02:42:25
Seriously? Son of a bitch. So my brand new segwit wallet is no more useful for sending than a legacy because every exchange that deals in my currency uses legacy addresses still (There are fees associated with exchanging my currency into USD so I can't use Bitstamp or Bitfinex when they launch segwit addresses) and everywhere I send to uses legacy addresses.
@_date: 2017-11-19 22:42:43
The typical person who buys from these ATMs and pro traders doesn't have short positions or trade BQX. You are not the ATM operator/Pro Trader's target clientele. That ATM in a Scarborough convenience store are for people like all those escorts in Scarborough working out of motels and condos. They aren't tech savvy, ads are $5 a pop on backpage. A lot of trades in the OTC market are for $20-25. I encourage my clients to buy in bulk because of the miner fees and the load fees on prepaids. But to this day I still see demand for $20-25 prepaid trades. Lots of people only buy what they need and don't give thought to all the fees they end up paying in the long run by buying small amounts (miner fees, load fees on prepaids, commissions to traders). If you want the best deal, you need to be buying the largest amounts possible and jumping through the necessary hoops instead of doing what is convenient (ATM or Pro Trader). If you are paranoid about getting logged in FinTRAC, stay under $10,000. This is a game in which the whales make the most money as a general rule.
They're not going to be waiting days for verification (all those cocks  aren't going to be sucking themselves, they have work to do! their latest ad needs to go live or else they don't get customers and they don't get paid. Not that I judge what they do. A lot of my clients past and present are in that industry) and sending large bank wires to exchanges.  And they need assurance that whoever they hand their Vanilla prepaids over to in order to get bitcoin isn't going to scam them. Reddit has no 2FA. I see trader accounts getting hacked all the time on Reddit. People re-use usernames and passwords, use easy passwords that could be bruteforced, get phished, etc. If there has ever been a breach in reddit, there would be reddit logins for sale somewhere on the deepweb.
@_date: 2017-11-26 08:35:55
Alright so what is proper economics? That the Fed introduces inflation to stimulate the economy? Go on genius, correct me. Or are you just a typical snarky reddit cuck who doesn't know anything but cute little snarky one liners? Am I wrong? The prices of goods and services, housing, etc. have been going up and up and up. Wages adjusted for inflation have been going down. The S&amp;P 500 has been outperforming inflation. That's basically where the money went. Wall Street. The Military-Industrial Complex as well. Among other things. Go on and parrot your Paul Krugman approved version of reality.
@_date: 2017-11-18 02:24:21
Afaik, you only get the segwit savings if you send btc from a segwit address, not if you pull a private key (as with a paper wallet) of a non-segwit address into a segwit address. Right now to be on the safe side, you need to send with 40 sat/byte. The mempool still has 93MB. 40MB 5+ sat. 16MB 10+ sat. 2.5MB 20+ sat. If you are willing to take a chance that miners are going to find 3 quick blocks in succession or that new transaction volume is going to drop off enough to give you a chance to play catch-up, maybe 20 sat/byte is fine. It's going to take forever to chip that 10-20 sat wall.
For a paper wallet non-segwit tx 40 sat/byte I think that's like 7,680 satoshi (assuming 192 bytes? I've seen it as low as 189 bytes when importing a private key). That's a lot these days. lol. The wallet itself contains 1,300,000 satoshi. So 0.6% goes to miner fees. Maybe that's just me being cheap but as a day trader, 0.6% is a lot. lol. Trading fees are usually a lot less than that. This is why I move coins in bulk.
It boggles my mind how many exchanges still haven't moved to segwit yet. I just found out that electrum has had segwit for a little while so I am switching to that as my personal wallet.
@_date: 2017-11-25 22:41:50
I have over $80,000 CAD worth of crypto at this point. Long over-due for a cold storage solution. I keep my wallets in an old smartphone. But I have like probably $70,000CAD worth of crypto stored across 7 different exchanges (I don't keep em all in one place). All protected with 2FA. That might not be the safest thing. lol. Withdrawing often from exchanges cuts into my trading profits. Some exchanges really gouge you on withdrawal fees (One Canadian exchange charges 0.0025BTC. I bought BTC there a few weeks back and they jacked up the withdrawal fee by 150% without warning. Their top competitor has free withdrawals but a 0.5% trade fee. Canadian bitcoiners get gouged by exchanges). For active trading based on my needs, I probably shouldn't need any more than $30k on exchanges. If I was just hodling, then I wouldn't keep any on exchanges.
@_date: 2017-11-25 23:09:43
The inflation imposed by the US Federal Reserve and many central banks worldwide is a deliberate wealth redistribution scheme where the wealth is being sucked out of the working class to enrich the bourgeoisie class. Workers are seeing their purchasing power decrease while the S&amp;P 500 is performing above inflation.
The public policy of the Fed is to keep inflation at 2% to stimulate employment and increase worker wages. But the private policy is to provide cheap loans to rich people to speculate on Wall Street and real estate. And the worker pays for this with higher housing prices, higher rents, higher bills, higher prices at checkout, etc.
@_date: 2017-11-19 06:24:32
If you are trading btc on r/otccrypto, prepare to be scammed. Reddit doesn't even have 2FA. lmao
I see so many people get scammed, it's unreal. Then when their bank account gets shut down after they get scammed, they open another bank account and come to a pro trader like me who will do honest business with them, for a percentage.
If you expect to buy btc at spot on that platform, you better use third-party escrow and dispute resolution. And use a rock solid payment method where you can easily prove your case.
If you are going to sell btc at spot OTC, good luck to you. Prepare to get eaten alive by carders and black hatters with stolen bank accounts. I've seen it all. Get TOR, create an account on Dream Market (don't re-use usernames and passwords from other sites) and see for yourself how the other side lives. Stolen credit cards, bank accounts, fake IDs, some people will do ID Selfie verification for you, fake utility bills, fake bank statements, photoshops, etc. It is insane the level that scammers go to to scam people.
@_date: 2017-11-18 02:13:24
Is that a private key or public key? I hope you emptied that before you posted the pic if that's the private key. lol. I think private keys never begin with 1 though. Only legacy bitcoin (non-segwit) addresses.
@_date: 2017-11-19 07:26:25
Shorting is very risky. The market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent. Hedge fund manager Bill Ackman maintained a short position on Herbalife. And Herbalife still hasn't went out of business. And that's a fucking ponzi scheme.
Personally I feel that bitcoin core and ethereum are both over-valued. But don't want to dump btc because I felt bearish on btc for a long while now and we all saw what happened. I believe that market demand for btc and eth is fundamentally irrational. People are buying bitcoin core because of what they think it will become in the future (Segwit adoption, Lightning Network). Not because of what bitcoin core is today (congested network capacity. The bitcoin network is working great right now. 10 sat/byte fees. It's actually back to being better than PayPal for anything but the smallest of transactions. But this isn't going to last. Enjoy it while you can. It's still not cheap enough to pay for coffee. Bottom line is, no one cares if they can use bitcoin to pay for coffee or not. They buy btc because they think it's gonna make them rich. Thing is, something can't be a store of value without having some sort of practical use. Gold can be used for electronics and jewelry. Dollars are useful because you need them to pay taxes. If bitcoin isn't a viable platform for transactions, it won't remain a store of value). Bitcoin Cash is a Roger Ver pump n dump coin. So it's not that BCH is any better. Ethereum is very buggy. I actually like litecoin (faster blocks) but vendor usage is low.
If it's possible for you to short Bitconnect (don't bet on the BCC Exchange, I think BCC actually owns that) on a REPUTABLE EXCHANGE, then do it. That seems like a no brainer to me. Bitconnect is a ponzi scheme and I don't see it having the resilience of Herbalife.
@_date: 2017-09-30 19:41:46
This is the transcript with their support team. Jesus Christ. I trade thousands worth of BTC daily from localbitcoins. I'm a Pro Trader. If Remitano doesn't resolve this shit satisfactorily, they will lose my business and I will run their reputation through the mud.
TRADE  Seller minhanhhn refuses to release the bitcoins after he accepted my Interac e-transfer. I provided proof of the completed Interac e-transfer in the trade chat. It has been over 12 hours since I started the dispute. In Remitano's trade policy  it says that the bitcoins are to be released to the buyer (me) after 12 hours of unresponsiveness from the seller. "After 12 hours without any response from seller, we will release the bitcoin to buyer." Thank you.
3:11 pm
support: i will check trade
me: did you have a look at the trade?
support: yes
support: sellers number is not connecting
me: so his number isnt working? he probably used a fake number
support: We will release your bitcoin if seller doesn't response and we can not contact seller within 12 hours
me: it's already been over 12 hours since I started the dispute. He went back online after 8 hours and refused to release after i tried getting his attention
support: yea, i will resolve
me: are you going to resolve it now? As I have been waiting over 12 hours since I started the dispute. And the seller has been online and actively ignoring me. Thanks.
support: once the trade is up to 12 hours we will resolved
me: it's already been over 12 hours since I hit the dispute button
support:please hold on
@_date: 2017-09-30 19:31:59
I finally got someone from support to take a look at it seriously. He said that he tried calling the seller's phone, no signal. lmao. No shit. Support assured me I'll get the bitcoins in 12 hours if the seller remains unresponsiveness. I then told the support person that I have already been waiting for over 12 hours since I started the dispute. What the fuck. Why should I wait an additional 12 hours? This fucking guy went online and ignored my pleas to release the bitcoins.
Btw I was scammed of fiat. I can call into my bank and tell them what happened and report the fraud. And the person who deposited my Interac e-transfer (I suspect it was a mule) is going to be sent to a pound me in the ass prison. On the flip side though, my bank is going to scold me for using their services to trade bitcoin. So I want to avoid the nuclear option.
@_date: 2017-10-01 03:23:45
Remitano's support managed to settle it. After 18 hours. Even though their guidelines say 12 hours. I find that localbitcoins and Paxful support is better. Or maybe I just don't quite "get" the dispute process with Remitano so well. On Localbitcoins, if someone fucks off with my money, I will message them after 5 minutes. And if I don't get my bitcoins in 15 minutes after they take my money, I hit the dispute button. And at most LBC support will take a few hours to intervene and then they give the other party a time limit.
@_date: 2016-10-23 05:16:45
Visa gift cards are a high risk payment method (for the seller). This is why vendors charge an arm and a leg for these things. Cash deposit prices are much more sane. Because it's less risky. Though the vendors on Paxful tend to charge more than LocalBitcoins.
I take Canadian flexepin e-cash vouchers (found at many gas stations and convenience stores, Esso and Hasty Market has them). And also cash-in-person (GTA Canada) and cash by mail (Canada-wide). And I'm found on both Paxful and LocalBitcoins. 
I don't charge as much as many vendors on Paxful because I use low-risk payment methods.
@_date: 2017-07-19 21:06:38
Perfect. I'll keep an eye on your website. I like the fact that you can lock in the rate now and send the bitcoin over from the comfort of my own home (instead of doing it at a convenience store) before I hop into my car. Instacoin used to buy btc above spot at one point. Now is not a good time for me to sell for cash at your ATMs because I can get $3040.25 after fees per coin right now direct into my bank account (takes 2-3 business days). Whereas I can only get $2,799.40 per coin cash money from Instacoin. It's the convenience factor of course. Sellers are willing to give you some action (~$240 per coin) in order to get cash money on the spot. Day trading is not for everybody. Meanwhile I have to wait 2-3 business days for that bank transfer from the exchange.