@_author: p1rrr473
@_date: 2018-01-27 13:41:19
If Menzie believes the that Trumps inauguration crowd was the biggest in decades, that Trump won the largest electoral college landslide since Reagan and that two people were shot during Obamas farewell speech, you can't really win this.
@_date: 2018-01-25 23:46:06
In all fairness, he was caught. I like people who weren’t captured.
@_date: 2018-01-27 13:52:33
In most European countries you get government money thrown after you for making babies. The white middle class just doesn't want to make more than one or two because it's simply enough.
To be red pilled has turned into seeing demons, threats and malicious intent in everything, it's quite funny that "awakened" social keyboard warriors wear this as a badge of honor.
My advice is, stay off ANY pills, just use your brain. Unless a doctor has prescribed pills for some real condition that is, which is not too unlikely.
@_date: 2018-01-27 15:48:50
Although that (replenishing the populace) was the thinking by some in the 70s and 80s, it's not today, and haven't been for along time. There is no plan or motivation behind "bringing them here". They just come, because of war, famines, economic challenges, or simply better lives, and each government deals with it in its own way. Sometimes govs. want to send them back, but can't due to international laws, sometimes they're principally for allowing migration of peoples and allow them to stay, sometimes they don't want (more) foreigners and keep them out.
There's no grand plan, no design, no unified forces fueling this. Humans migrate, often in large quantities, often in streams, towards better lives. It can be slowed down, but it can't be stopped. The most efficient way to slow it down, is by contributing to make whatever shithole countries these people are coming from, less shitholes.
@_date: 2018-01-28 19:12:28
What's to stop you (or anybody) from making a second-layer like this for bitcoin, though? As long as you can lock up bitcoins for use on different layers, what's to stop bitcoin from adopting *any* tech that altcoins come up with?
On the other hand, if we're to get a new token each times someone figures out a new way to improve crypto, crypto will have failed. An endless stream of new billions of tokens, and value flowing from one coin to the next, ..might as well stick with fiat.
Crypto IS Bitcoin, it's either Bitcoin or nothing. Sure a lot of big corporations might use aspects of blockchain tech, but that will really just be a fancy word for databases.
@_date: 2018-01-28 21:59:08
What caused the drop the last time? Was it hordes of new-comers to bitcoin adopting non-segwit wallets and accounts?
@_date: 2018-01-27 17:02:36
Yes I have solid factual numbers. Like I said though, you're impervious to facts. Trump supports and common people no longer have a common ground in which we can debate the facts. There's reality, and then there's your alternative facts. Logic and reasoning doesn't apply in this debate.
@_date: 2018-01-28 23:27:28
Maybe, but I noticed the drop around block 490766, and wondered about this before you commented :D
It's weird, adoption percentage was in a nice growing trajectory, and suddenly crashed and stagnated.
@_date: 2018-01-27 20:38:38
You lost. In the western world, more people now have a higher degree of freedom to pursuit their happiness, regardless of gender, in spite of what some miserable old fool should feel about it. You probably just can't handle modern women, because you can't tell them what to think or say. I know it sucks, but that's the price of liberty. You know, liberty, that whole thing that the US was founded to promote.
@_date: 2018-01-28 15:13:57
Fraud happens with the current system as well. Retailers need to build trust, they can't survive for long by sending rocks, word gets out. This works in the dark net and it works in global commerce. 
Global payment systems doesn't even cover this, read the legal disclaimers. You guys are confusing the payment vendor (such as paypal) with the intermediary (such as ebay). Sure when you buy something from someone without a reputation that you've never meet, it's good to have ebay there, but take a look at the retailers there, 99% have histories and feedback scores, most of which are highly rated. These guys won't send you rocks to damage their reputation whether ebay is there to pick up the tab or not.
@_date: 2018-01-25 23:34:23
@_date: 2018-01-28 19:30:19
People that buy miners and set them up exposed on the internet with default login info (username and password), are quite exposed to even low-level hacks.
But as pointed out, it seems like they're not *that* exposed.
@_date: 2018-01-24 15:55:47
@_date: 2018-01-24 23:12:33
Ratings are generally not trustworthy, but this one is actually pretty accurate. This rating is live and continuously updated. With 10% segwit adoption, LN still in alpha and 90% of users paying high fees and waiting long for transactions to confirm, the rating is almost even generous. 70% of the world population can't even afford to use the network (which is kind of good for now because it would completely break).
However, if LN becomes sufficiently adopted, the blockchain is relieved of the current pressure, and the fees fall back to &lt;1 USD levels, there won't even be a need for any ratings, Bitcoin will be the only crypto that matters (other than utility tokens like Envion).
But for now, that's just the potential. A lot of things can still go wrong. Governments can find new ways to crack down on crypto, Amazon could adopt some competitor (Eth), adoption can prove to be organically slower than we hope, etc.
So stop whining about the damn ratings, and focus on getting people and businesses to use segwit and eventually LN.
@_date: 2018-01-27 20:29:06
Sorry buddy, you are objectively, provably false. Europe was never a great unified civilization (at least not until the EU). Greece and Rome were culturally closer to the other Mediterranean peoples (of which they were sometimes subjugated to, sometimes masters of). There's been continuous migrations back and forth throughout the past 2000 years, the "holy land" is full of crusaders blood, and most of southern Europe is highly mixed, including with a small percentage of sub-Saharan African DNA. Eastern Europe has blood from the Mongol hordes. Even in the far North of Europe, migrations happened from the East by the Sami people. And gypsies, gypsies all over the friggin continent.
This is all just a small portion of the very basic history, you can look it up. I don't understand why it's perceived like a bad thing though, like I'm insulting you by pointing that out. I know some Trumpers want to live in a world where "Judeo Christian values and western philosophy" tie us all together, and keep the others out, but the Judeo-part is HIGHLY 'foreign', and the philosophy part was mostly done by Greeks before there was any talk of Europe (a name of semitic origin by the way), back when "Mediterranean culture" made way more sense.
@_date: 2018-01-29 09:29:14


I do believe this indeed is another dotcom bubble. There's countless of useless ICO fueled tokens and coins that pull in large amounts of money just for being blockchain tech. I'd say more than 99% of the current available coins will die, because their fueled by a mania and not value generation.
However, if you really consider what blockchain *can* be used for, understand it and analyse it for yourself without all the hype, it's easy to see that the potential value generated by blockchain tech over the coming 10-20 years far exceeds the markets current value. It's just a matter of which ones (if any of the current) will survive the bubble stage. Amazon and ebay are companies that was born in the dotcom bubble and survived, look where they are today. I expect that a handful of blockchains will dominate finance, commerce, logistics and a bunch of other sectors. Maybe it's a Google chain, maybe it's hyperledger, maybe it's bitcoin, maybe it's something entirely different.


That's not even relevant, of course you can do that. It's just numbers that has to be deleted in one place and reappear in another, this has been possible for as long as telecommunication has existed. With one huge caveat, you have to trust that the right amount is deleted from the sender and correctly reappear in the recipients account. Granted, today financial institutions are sufficiently developed in order to offer this type of transaction within a single market without taking money for this explicit transaction (but aiming for getting your business elsewhere). It's not really "free" for them to do this for you. Blockchain entirely removes this need. You can trust that the money are deleted in one place and reappear in another, anywhere in the world, without having to trust anything other than the math.


Within a single market, it's possible to do this yeah. Though in an economic crisis it's also possible for these great people who invested in automating this system, to just take your money too. Look at Cyprus, look at what almost happened in Greece, etc., just to take a few examples within the EU. And there are plenty of worse examples outside. Even gold has a history of being confiscated in bad times. This new tech allows people to have a system where we transact with people far away, without relying on others to protect our funds in good times as well as in bad times.
And that's just transaction of wealth, one of hundreds of potential applications.


I disagree, Bitcoin alone currently has hundreds of thousands of transactions daily. But yeah, there's still a very long way to go, and a lot of hurdles to overcome, including the coming resistance from establishment finance (those that haven't really figured out how threatened they are just yet). They are not much safer than current factory workers, except unlike factory workers, these people have real power and infuence.
@_date: 2018-01-28 20:17:41
Hahah you shouldn't have told him. This guy thinks women are evil.
@_date: 2018-01-28 19:48:25
1. That's got nothing to do with crypto vs. legacy finance.
2. Already working, even in legacy finance. Tracking reputation and score on a blockchain makes it way more efficient.
3. True. Tracking real transactions and generally countering astroturfing is another thing that can be improved significantly on blockchain.
4. See 2 and 3
The current system is composed of a hierarchy that require a lot of signatures from "important" people to pass money from a point in one economic zone to a point in another. There are trade deals to adhere to, local laws on both sites, taxes to be considered, tariffs. And it's gotta be reported to the right authorities, from the right people with the right permissions.
So no, you can't just transfer 500 million USD from NY to Bejing for 0.0000001 cents. You've completely misunderstood how the world works. There's an army of lawyers and financial institutions that needs to "do work" and take their cut, in order for you to make this transaction.
With Bitcoin on the other hand, all these people are irrelevant.
Insurance, fraud prevention, escrow, conflict management are separate issues, most of which can also be significantly improved with blockchain technology.
@_date: 2018-01-28 19:06:48
1. Building and maintaining trust is one of the most basic principles in entrepreneurship. It's up to the seller to figure that part out, whether they hitch a ride on larger fish (such as ebay or Amazon) until they've built sufficient trust. Simply openly using their identity should suffice though, in the event that several people report their scam, authorities will take action, lawsuit etc.
2. The silkroad worked surprisingly well, based on reputations and escrows. I have no idea how things are now, but scammers will always exist, anywehere.
3. You're confusing stuff again. Astroturfing is ridiculously easy to spot, especially in comments. It's not relevant anyway, you have to look at the number of successful transactions, or rather number of unsuccessful transactions, combined with bad feedback.
4. Look, I think we disagree on a more fundamental level here. Doing good business, building trust and reputation is good for business. There's already a myriad of ICO's, tokens and technologies underway to deal with trust, reputation, identification, tracking, etc. for all parties in transactions. When these solutions are in place, you can simply elect to only deal with counter-parties that have already built outstanding reputations, counter-parties with open ID's that you can suit or report to the police in events of fraud.
Or you can just stick with the 7 or 8 middlemen that a global transaction normally runs though, and pay all these middlemen for doing virtually nothing. Maybe old finance will survive in its current form after all, if there's enough gracious donors like you out there to sustain them!
@_date: 2018-01-27 20:07:13
Told you it can be slowed down. Even North Korea can't completely 100% shut off the border.
@_date: 2018-01-27 12:42:50
Dude, you're making the point that he was successful and famous before getting into politics, and simultaneously claiming that people didn't know him before he got into politics. Because of your first point, a lot of us knew him as a buffoon long before he entered politics.
His books weren't written by him, and his net worth isn't that impressive when you look at what it would have been if he just invested his inheritance into index funds. Whether he'd be richer or poorer is irrelevant, he'd be filthy rich either way.
Trumps talents are not in business or finance, but rather in achieving fame and notoriety. He's got an unparalleled ability to capture the attention of large swaths of people. This ability may (and often is) in turn used for financial gains, as well as, political. Trumps success in getting attention, is objectively unquestionable. He's a damn black hole when it comes to sucking up the world attention.
He achieves this by saying ludicrous things, by being outrageous, by appearing ill-educated. Simply put, by being a text-book buffoon. That's not even meant as an insult, nobody else in the world can do that, and use it to become the most powerful man in the world. He's entertaining as hell, and he will be sorely missed if/when the US returns to boring politician presidents.
HOWEVER, this particular talent, although spectacularly handy when it comes to winning elections, does more harm than good when it comes to governance. Thus far, his staff, the congress and the judicial branch has managed to somewhat keep him in check, at least from doing serious damage. And I'm expecting them to keep doing just that for the remainder of his term.
For the world overall, it's a good thing that the US is shrinking it's influence, but I do feel sorry for Californians and New Yorkers. Not as in leftists, but as in Americans who actually interact with the rest of the world.
@_date: 2018-01-28 20:37:27


No, on the contrary. Blockchain tech can (will) make it way easier to automate compliance with all this shit. We don't need trusted men with important titles to uphold these processes, when the mathematics of cryptography is both cheaper and less corruptible than these humans.


What the hell!? Of course you can make this transaction within Europe, what do you think Brexit is all about!? That's the whole point of having a single currency in a single economic zone (THE EU).
It's not Bitcoins ability to circumvent laws that's valuable. It's the automation of functions currently performed by expensive people (and generally decentralization). Governments can 


Nothing right now. We're still in the infancy of this technology. The way I see it though, it's a part of the larger automation of society, 
@_date: 2018-01-28 19:08:22
Iota is certainly not instant! Why do you think they build flash channels (a copy of LN)? Also currently they have the coordinator, that slows everything down to a crawl.
@_date: 2018-01-25 22:55:32
The lady in black (Zhu Scott) is a complete ninja!
@_date: 2019-07-12 15:33:55


I've been gradually dumbing down my responses proportionately to the mounting evidence for a complete lack of knowledge and ability to reason on your part. If this keeps up, I'll soon be teaching you how letters combined together form words, which in turn form sentences, with meanings and shit. I know it's boring, I'm boring my self while typing it, and it's not like anybody else is reading this. But someone needs to inform the uninformed, and given my limitless generosity, I'm here to help you understand things over the next 100-150 posts. So keep it up.


English is not my first language, not even my second language, I'm not going to enter a debate about grammer in this thread, but 'Drugs aren't "illegal for very good reason" without the \[a\], or without an s at the end of reason(s) sounds wrong. Perhaps it's a fixed expression or something. Just get over it and move on.


Doing shit illegally has a lot of added costs due to risks, limitations in operations, etc. It's basic economics. I can explain further if you don't understand this.


"I want crime to go away" is not a valid definition of crime. Keep up.


There's no substance in this section.


I'm not a native american.


Pragmatic, yes. Dealing with the problems of drugs sensibly and realistically in a way that is based on practical considerations rather than blindly reacting on a basis of pietistic judeo-christian dogmatic values.
@_date: 2018-01-28 21:18:34
I don't really think this topic is suitable for 5 years olds. If you really want an ELI5 response, lets just say, transactions from a segwit address makes bitcoin cheaper and faster, and the more people use segwit addresses, the better bitcoin as a whole becomes.
@_date: 2019-07-14 11:44:19


No parrot. No parrot. You're the parrot!
@_date: 2019-07-28 22:34:46
Not sure where his number is from, but as seen on mainstream news:
@_date: 2018-01-27 20:06:03
No I know, some Trump supporters are just fed up with the status quo, stagnation in wage increases, etc. and just wanted to throw curve ball at the establishment. These people you can easily argue with. And then there are those who blindly support Trump, who sees this as a fight, who aren't looking for facts but rather ways to win the argument, whatever it may be. These are the people who say Trump never lies. It's such a ludicrous claim that even Trumps closest friends and allies will make it. They'll put a spin on it, like "he was misinformed" (Kelly) or "he just presents alternative facts" (Conway), but they won't claim he's always factually correct.
But good luck!
@_date: 2018-01-27 20:48:07
You fail to understand that it was social pressure that forced women into that role in the first place. Yes, some people (such as yourself) prefer to be herd animals, it's easier to just be told what to think and do. Others prefer to make their own path. Sorry bro. At least you have your church though, they can still tell you what to believe.
@_date: 2019-07-13 13:05:25
I'm going to skip the increasing number of grammar points your bringing up. We're not writing for The New York Times, my language is not perfect, your language is even further from flawless. Further or farther, you can pick whichever is grammatically correct. Let's stick to meaning of letters and words.


Ease up on the sass captain sassy pants


This claim has no basis in theory nor in practice, unless your talking about the state itself actually being responsible for manufacturing and distributing the drugs, which is irrelevant.
There's a lot of research you can find on what happens to items that have been outlawed for a longer period of time, that become legalised. The typical pattern is that prices peak shortly after the law is passed, and then gradually sink until a balanced supply/demand price point is reached. 
There are very tiny markets for comparable items like illicit alcohol, medical drugs, etc. The information is open to access, so I suggest that you try to find it independently on your own, and if you fail to do it, I'll walk you through it. You can start with this, from a Harvard Economist, published at a think tank that's financed by the fucking Koch brothers:
From the executive summary:
*This report estimates that legalizing drugs would save roughly $41.3 billion per year in gov- ernment expenditure on enforcement of prohibi- tion. Of these savings, $25.7 billion would accrue to state and local governments, while $15.6 billion would accrue to the federal government. Approximately $8.7 billion of the savings would result from legalization of marijuana and $32.6 billion from legalization of other drugs.*
*The report also estimates that drug legaliza- tion would yield tax revenue of $46.7 billion annually, assuming legal drugs were taxed at rates comparable to those on alcohol and tobacco. Approximately $8.7 billion of this revenue would result from legalization of marijuana and $38.0 billion from legalization of other drugs.*






You fell off again. You are not a pietist, not by any stretch of the imagination. The laws and arguments regarding drugs that's been passed over the decades were entirely built on pietist sentiments. The pietist views became established truths about drugs, and these truths were carried on through TV crime shows, anti drugs campaigns by governments and NGOs, etc. Nowadays you don't have to be a pietist to believe these things, it's the default position for any person who haven't looked into it.
These established truths are gradually being challenged with the proliferation of knowledge on the internet. Not long ago, weed had a similar status, all the arguments you've been parroting used to apply to weed as well, "gateway drug", "violent people", "destroy lives", "poison", "destruction of society", etc.
There are scientific studies on drugs. Alcohol is by far the most harmful drug in every study there is. Now, would heroin easily top that if heroin was legalised? Perhaps, if usage increased, and perhaps it needs stronger regulation than alcohol due to that fact. The current all-out criminalisation of anything not alcohol is insane.
@_date: 2018-01-27 16:55:44
Agree, everything was much better back when females were for dishes, laundry and baby production. Never mind the exponential increase in economic progress and development that comes from doubling the percentage of workers. We'd be much better off if we were more similar to those economies left in this world where women aren't working.
@_date: 2019-07-12 00:15:56


Useless point, nobody is talking about allowing acts of violence by drug users. There's no disagreement.


Murder is by definition **not** a victimless crime, unless the murder victim asked for it, in which case we're likely talking about euthanasia. Drug use does not intrinsically have any victims. Drug use increases the chances of committing violence, and so does alcohol, to a larger extent than some drugs. If you can't differentiate between murder and drug use, your point of view makes a lot of sense.


Yes, precisely. So that a junkie doesn't have to sell their body, go into a dangerous environment, trade with a violent person from a society-protected drug monopoly, and inject some substance they don't know the content of into their bloodstream with an HIV-infected syringe.
Rebellious kids are attracted to drugs precisely because it is forbidden, and due to the mishandling of drug policies by people like you, drugs are a direct gateway for kids to the criminal world.
And what do you think would happen to the economic wellbeing of organised crime if this insane idea were to be adopted? A great recession, at the very least, if not full depression:
Drugs aren't "illegal for \[a\] very good reason", drugs are illegal because people with limited knowledge, elected by people with limited knowledge are trying to solve issues that are complex. The war on drugs is a complete and utter failure, people are dying by the thousands as a direct consequence, and millions more are suffering.
@_date: 2018-01-27 11:13:14
Except Trump really is a buffoon. In fact he is probably the single person in the entire universe that best fits the description of a buffoon. You do not need CNN to tell you that, you just have to follow him on Twitter or listen to his speeches, to see this.
@_date: 2019-07-13 16:16:55


After my computer started to automatically change words like "ive" to "I've", "theyr" to "they're", "dont" to "don't", etc., I've unconsciously stopped using ' manually, messing up words like "your" and "you're", "its" and it's", etc.


The pharmaceutical industry is mostly using the patent system for medical drugs to "rape their customers". This system is claimed to be needed to justify the investments required for developing new life-saving drugs. Doesn't apply to recreational drugs, developing the next awesome recreational drug is not a matter of life and death. Recreational drugs are also significantly less complex compared to developing something like a new cancer medicine.


You've presented zero independent thoughts and zero original arguments, you've consistently been repeating outdated arguments by talking heads on TV. Yes, you are a parrot. Now you'll feel a need to accuse me of parroting contrarian views on drugs. Go ahead. It doesn't matter. I'm still right and you're still wrong.


There's no need to be a godless communist to acknowledge the influence of 18th and early 19th century piety on modern times.


Historically, people like you who shut down and ridicule new approaches to the problems caused by drugs, have made it quite difficult to talk about it, much less actually try. That's changing now, and in time your kind might lose out, and the world will be better for it. It has certainly been helpful for the handful of countries that have tried even limited decriminalisation. Scientist are becoming bolder, bold enough to slap your face with real data.
On another note, your views on the "society" and what governments have the authority to do, are even worse than your dogmatic opinions on drugs. You have been arguing that, if society decides that bitcoin is bad and a majority votes to criminalise it, all use of bitcoin would be a crime by definition, and government grunts would be forced to use violence towards anyone using it.
Bitcoin is designed to survive that. All your ilk would ever be able to achieve is crash the price, which would just scare away people like yourself. Not a loss. The ability to do transactions of value without begging for permission from your precious society will never go away, the cat is out of the bag. This is what bitcoin represents at its core. You lose.


Yes, take your authoritarian views and fly off, parrot. Go watch the History Channel and tell yourself your learning things.
@_date: 2019-07-10 20:39:28
Also we should incarcerate fat people, they're actually an insanely heavy health care burden. We should lock them up and force them to eat broccoli for months. It's for SOCIETY, DUTY, SERVICE. We need more thought leadership like this.
@_date: 2019-07-11 17:45:32
There's really two separate issues here, 1. whether drug decriminalisation is good or bad for a society overall, and 2. what types of actions a society should have the authority to use guns and violence to stop. I've mainly been focusing on 2, but your wrong about 1 as well.
If I were a Russian operative, I would have you know that my beautiful country mother Russia to a large extent follow your principles of how a society should be run, allowing the masses to rule the few, giving the state any and all authority for the "betterment of society", and that this philosophy of state has allowed a short-legged, ill-tempered man to run our economy to the ground while plundering our industries and oppressing several minorities who are not deemed "good for society".
Limiting government authority over individuals, over what we do with our bodies, is not anarchism. It's basic western enlightenment wholesome all-American full-grain Jeffersonian stuff.
You're arguing as if it's a given that decriminalisation of drugs would cause a proliferation of drugs. Would you do heroine if they sold it at the local grocery? No? Neither would I. Science says drug decriminalisation does not cause increase in drug abuse. Google it. SCIENCE. Are you claiming to be smarter than science?


Yeah, there's no use. I can see that you mean well, but your views and arguments lack certain things like reasoning, logic, a sense of cause and effect, knowledge, etc.
@_date: 2019-07-12 12:12:56


You're not following.


This narrow TV crime show based understanding of crackheads doesn't apply. There's countless levels and types of use and abuse for various drugs, people, life situations, etc. If you want to equate all drug use with the worst kind of crackheads, you also have to equate all obesity with people eating themselves to death, costing society (in healthcare, disappointed family members etc.) fortunes on their ways to an early grave.
For those really broken junkies, who typically have all kinds of mental issues and other problems in their life in addition to drug abuse, they're already suffering about as badly as they can. If the crackwhore wasn't cast out of your society, she might have been able to seek help, she might have been able to avoid putting her child in her stupidly dangerous care. If she seeks help in your society, she risks criminal prosecution, losing her child, being cast out by her family, etc.


Urban areas with low socioeconomic standing that are prone to being ravaged by widespread drug abuse, already have a guy selling drugs on the corner. Behind him there's a gang providing protection and waging turf wars with other gangs for that specific corner. Behind the gangs, organized crime syndicates are selling these drugs which are being bought from all kinds of bad, including human traffickers, terrorists, etc.
What would actually happen if the legit shop at that corner in the projects started selling those same drugs as are already offered, for a fraction of the price? Two things: 1. Gangs and organized crime would suffer tremendous economic downturns, and 2. the crackwhore can seek help without fearing criminal prosecution. What else? Do you really think drugs would proliferate even more? Do you think people in that local community really want to use drugs, but just avoid it because the precious society of SkepticPerson says it's illegal? These people don't respect your society.
What would happen if a corner shop in an area with high socioeconomic conditions also started selling drugs? Most people would go on with their lives. People who have a desire to get drugs, would be able to do it without simultaneously being pulled into the criminal world. Those same people can already easily get their hands on drugs. In a lot of areas, It's a lot easier for a 13-14-15 year old kid to get their hands on drugs than it is acquiring alcohol, drug dealers don't ask for ID.


What? I quoted you within a sentence, the \[a\] was needed to make your sentence correct within mine. Without the \[a\], it might have looked like I was implying that your grammar is bad. It was a courtesy, don't be so sensitive.


You want 'crime' to be defined as actions that the uninformed majority defines as illegal. I want 'crime' to be defined as actions that are directly harmful to other humans. You want a reactionary approach to the problems caused by drugs. I want a more pragmatic approach. We differ too much on both of these aspects of drug policy, clearly we're not getting anywhere.


@_date: 2019-07-10 22:47:13


Why is it up to society in the first place? What if a lot of people started growing their own food, and society figured out that this trend was causing significant issues for the established food industry? Farmers, truckers, fast food chains, etc., lots of jobs may be at risk by the disruption. Given your authoritarian beliefs, if such a thing were to happen, homegrown food ought to be banned. You don't like? Tough luck, society have guns and is stronger than you, shut up and eat that burger..
It's not a question of whether society should add any new problem. It's a question of what authorities a society should have. On victimless actions, there should be no authority at all. Sure, drugs may have victims when they're abused by certain people, but the same point can be made about virtually anything, including fast food, and healthy homegrown food, which leaves it up to politicians to draw the lines. Politicians are elected by average people, who are objectively far from the smartest or most knowledgable people. Politicians are also for sale, as you point out.
@_date: 2018-05-09 15:41:41
Breitbart wouldn't write about this sort of thing, they're too busy investigating Obamas birth certificate.
Maybe Infowars will cover some parts if it in relation to their deep analysis of chemicals that the gov. puts in the water to turn Americans into gays?
After all, it's the only possible explanation for that tingling sensation you feel when you're in the showers with other guys at the gym.
@_date: 2018-03-12 16:03:12
And are you 16?
@_date: 2018-03-13 13:58:41
In order for a blockchain to be decentralized and autonomous, it requires a reward system. To have an intangible reward system, the blockchain needs a currency.
What she's really calling for, is greater surveillance and monitoring of all transactions by conventional technology, and just *calling* it blockchain so that the people will equate it with Bitcoin and love it.
It's too little too late. Better start hoarding woman!
@_date: 2018-03-04 22:24:02
Even if it was possible to kill bitcoin, which I'm not so sure they'd be able to do, it doesn't really matter.
The old banking system is like Roman numerals, while bitcoin/blockchain is like positional notation numerals. One is just highly inefficient and difficult to use. The other is used exclusively today.
To be fair, positional notation was invented by the Babylonians long before there were any Romans to speak of, and it might well take these distributed technologies a long time to take over the world. But I think that's why AA is so confident. It's a matter of time.
@_date: 2018-03-04 17:03:50
It's a motivational speech at a start-up hype fest, what do you expect?
Also, a sermon without the magical being in the sky making rules that you're told to follow, isn't really a bad thing.
@_date: 2018-02-22 17:16:09
No it doesn't, it's a speculative asset at this point, doing what it does while people are trying to figure out what it is and how it should be used. It has never served as a piece of the economic infrastructure. In the grand scheme of the economy, bitcoin is an undetectable blip
@_date: 2018-03-04 22:32:30
An eye for an eye, a downvote for a downvote :)
@_date: 2018-02-07 14:43:55
He's making some great points actually. The question is whether he's right, that the powers that be, will be able to squash this, or whether Satoshis design will prove to break some serious shit.
Think about it, by banning bitcoin purchases, by disallowing mortgages on fiat leverage that was once bitcoin, by generally clamping down on crypto, what they're really doing is, they're admitting that you are no longer innocent until proven guilty. They are openly stating that in order to transact in their world, you have to PROVE where your money came from and that it's from something they are OK with.
Forcing them in this position is a win in and of it's own. But the question is, will we accept this? Are we going to give up this principle, presumption of innocence, just because un-elected bureaucrats say so? Are we going to keep electing officials that allow them to do this?
This matter is really just another aspect of the greater privacy wars and encryption of communication in general (as opposed to just transactions). These same people are trying to ban encrypted messaging too, because we *might* say something that's not allowed.
I disagree with the wolf that bitcoin losing is inevitable, but I do agree that we've got some formidable opponents and that ordinary people need to be more aware of what's happening and make some conscious decisions, if privacy, in any form, is to survive.
@_date: 2018-03-15 15:44:29
Bitcoin has survived shittons of new forks, as well as countless altcoins that are equipped with far superior tx speeds and features. Bitcoin is still undisputed king. Not sure what your point is, you're confirming what I'm saying, yet disputing it.
The 21 million bitcoins created the whole crypto space. If there's a new king at every iteration of DLTs, we'll have infinite inflation and never achieve any form of stability. The 21 million Bitcoins are indeed artifacts of history, ancient, and carry intrinsic value in the same sense that the first car or the first airplane do. That's why they'll always be the prime cryptocurrency, regardless of whether the main chain has forked into something unrecognizable, or whether most of the coins are locked up in smart contracts and put to use in second layer networks, be that LN or some other tech like DAG, hashgraphs, etc.
@_date: 2018-02-22 18:00:29
Altcoins are altcoins, they may carry value while serving complementary purposes to Bitcoin, but if any altcoin can come along and replace Bitcoin, it means that the altcoin might be replaced by a new coin next week, and the new coin by another the week after. Anyone can make a coin, but there is a limited amount of the original. Also bitcoins aren't forever locked up on the good old main blockchain, they can be sent to and used on different layers (while backed up on the main net), so second and third gen crypto currencies aren't threats, they're merely sandboxes and testnets for figuring out where bitcoin could go in the future.
As for the "stable price of bitcoin", there isn't one. That's like asking what the stable price of gold is, or rice, or coffee. All of these are fluctuating in value, balancing on the intersection of the supply and demand. Other items fluctuate less because they have a clearer demand. Bitcoin fluctuates a lot because it's not used for much these days other than speculation on the price. This size of these fluctuations reflect how open the potential is.
@_date: 2018-02-19 15:30:57
I don't think I'm confused. I don't disagree with anything you wrote.


From wikipedia:


The current underlying processes and infrastructures for movement of money are highly intertwined with money management. Banks have grown into giant institutions that basically do everything and anything that involves money, because they control the channels, partially the supply, etc. The point I was making, is that this can now be disrupted. Movement of money can be entirely separated from managing money. 
But yeah, people who are smart with money will still have marketable skills and jobs, blockchain doesn't touch that. Not saying you should worry about your job.
@_date: 2018-02-19 12:31:35
Absolutely. There are still many hurdles to overcome. The solution has been invented, the protocol is there (although still evolving). The rest is up to people.
@_date: 2018-02-18 21:07:37
I think your response is great.
Those (in the future) 21 million original bitcoins are truly scarce. Anything else, including forks and altcoins, aren't exactly worthless, but they can only hold value as a compliment to bitcoin. If real bitcoin fails, due to forks/"copying", lack of innovation, whatever, it means that yes, Peter Schiff is right, non-backed digital currency was a failure from the start, and blockchain is only useful for anything other than currencies.
That won't happen though. Bitcoin is akin to a piece of art, or a collectors item. It's the first version of a technology that ushered in a new age. Owning a piece of it is like owning a piece of the first automobile or the first airplane. Now, if you could put the Wright brothers first airplane on a blockchain, say divided into 21 million tokens, the whole of which represented the ownership of that plane, would those tokens not have value? Of course they would, they would hold about the same value as this airplane does today. That's the thing about Bitcoin that Peter Schiff doesn't get. Bitcoin already has this type of value built in; someone will always want to own a piece of it, if only to be the owner of a historic thing.
But of course, that's only one aspect of bitcoin value. Usage, potential to optimize finances, cutting out middle-men, enabling never-before seen transaction types like per-second or per-click etc., will only add to the aforementioned intrinsic value.
Schiff is just a gold shill though, he doesn't really try to understand bitcoin. He's operating a bunch of gold-based businesses.
@_date: 2018-02-07 12:31:11
People who sold on 20 and bought on 6 are also stupid. This song is for those who bought before every uptick and sold before every down-tick on a minute by minute basis since 2009. Those are the multi trillionaires. Your guys lost trillions of dollars. Losers get no song.
@_date: 2018-02-23 12:56:42
Bitcoin was partially designed for this purpose, for countries in shambles.
The other countries in shambles has forbidden all use of crypto for fear of the control it might take out of their hands.
Maduro is trying a new thing, he's trying to control this technology by getting mixed up in it.
It doesn't matter. The fact that bitcoin get's through to the people that need it, IS good. Whatever happens to the Petro project.
@_date: 2018-03-04 22:37:09
Then I shall undownvote you!
@_date: 2018-02-07 17:51:13


Bullshit. Sure devs are better equipped to understand the actual implementation of the principles of bitcoin (the code), but it's the principles that gives understanding. These principles stretches across several fields, including cryptography, mathematics, economy, networks, logic, hell even philosophy. You don't need a specific background to get these principles, you just need a brain and a capability to understand abstract stuff.


Sure there are flaws, but if you grasp the principles of bitcoin, you also see potential solutions to the flaws.


We're waiting for the tech to mature sufficiently for adoption by retailers to become easy.
@_date: 2018-02-18 20:36:45
Hahah wtf, if you're doing the tasks of the middle-men, there is no middle men.
As some people already pointed out, middle-men can always screw you over. But even if you trust them 100%, there's still anywhere between 2 and 15 checkpoints for a fiat transaction, and all the middle-men want their cut.
You think your VISA transaction is free, but it's not. The vendor that accepts VISA, pays this fee and have already priced its goods or services to accommodate this.
A store that choose to accept bitcoin, can slash their prices across the board for bitcoin users. This is good for all parties except that string of middle-men that you prefer, bitcoin makes them redundant. For a lot of finance functionaries, this is a grave threat, similar to what automation is doing in manufacturing.
@_date: 2018-02-06 19:08:23
No redditor, here's the origin of the hodling term: 
In time, people made an acronym of it as well. He gave a great description.
@_date: 2018-02-19 12:28:13


Well to be clear, when I'm talking about bitcoin, I am talking about the currency on top of the blockchain, but I'm also talking about the functions and services that can be optimized and automated on a blockchain.
If Bitcoin replaced all fiat, you're right, the change in the monetary system wouldn't have much effect on finance in general. That's just a change in the monetary system. It's the blockchain, the underlying technology of bitcoin, that enables a complete disruption of the financial system.
Finance won't go away. There will still be a need for people to point the flow of money in the right direction (whether that is loans, credit, stock investments, start-ups, bonds, insurance whatever). But if loans, credit, stocks, bonds, insurance are all tokens on blockchains, what exactly do we still need Wall street for? If you can personally put your wealth wherever you want (including in capable funds run by experts), what service is it exactly that Wall Street is still needed to perform?
Certainly we will still have a concentration of fund managers in Wall Street, but that's it. The rest of people involved in banking, the important people who sign papers, the secretaries, the functionaries can all go.
Now, I'm not saying this is happening. I'm saying it *can* happen, it's possible with bitcoin/blockchain. I personally don't think traditional finance will go out with a whimper. Unlike people working in manufacturing for the previous decades, finance folks have real-world power and can put up a formidable fight compared to what workers unions were able to.
@_date: 2018-02-23 12:41:38
There is no "cryptocurrency community". Anyone who wants to use Bitcoin, can. That's the whole point. Maduro is not a nice guy, but
The support of some loosely entwined group of people in some corner of the internet who think they're the "crypto currency community", is utterly irrelevant.
@_date: 2018-02-07 13:44:26
You're completely missing the point. Here's the origin of the HODL term: 
Drunk guy, failing at trading, just deciding that he'll no longer be the guy that day traders profit off of. Bitcoin was at about 525 USD at the time. It's higher now. It worked for the guy. It's worked for everybody else who have just held long term.
The moral of the story is, good traders profit off of bad traders. If you just buy and refuse to sell at some lower price, it doesn't really matter, you're immune to the this cycle. Which is a good thing if you're a bad trader, you get to ride the long term uptrend without being a victim.
@_date: 2018-02-18 17:47:56
There's countless of negative sides, problems and trouble. Including mining centralization issues, infighting, forks, slow transactions, high transaction fees, etc. etc. etc.
BUT, the beauty of bitcoin is that 1. It's still standing, even through all these shitstorms, it's standing tall. And 2. Problems are being worked at and solved, with no central authority, just by people wanting to.
@_date: 2018-02-18 20:08:34
LN will probably drive segwit adoption, regardless of whether it's needed or not. Why would anyone want to use a service like coinbase, if there's competing exchanges that offer LN? Segwit alone just doesn't provide sufficient incentive (although it should, but people are stupid and exchanges are slow).
@_date: 2018-02-07 12:02:40


The central banks have a monopoly on trust, and they have a duty to exclude bitcoin, to protect trust, to protect us.
The whole point of bitcoin, is to allow transactions *without* trust (or rather, moving trust from middle men and the transaction partner, to cryptography and the self-interest of network participants).
Bitcoin didn't piggyback on anybodies trust, it came with it's own integrated handling of trust, and it's growth and spread is testimony to the efficiency of this trust.
Guy is just plain dumb. People think these BIS, IMF, World bank types are dark, genius intellectuals, but they're really not. Most of them don't really get the economy, they just have this monopoly that they run on guts and feelings. They get to the tops of these institutions by being members of the right networks and clubs, and rubbing the right backs. They are bureaucrats, nothing more.
But they do have authority. If they've decided that bitcoin must die, they might just be able to kill it.
@_date: 2018-02-18 18:31:59
You do understand that you don't actually have to open and close a specific channel with each recipient?
It's actually quite representative of how LN *will* work, you'll have your LN-connected wallet up, which can make LN transactions to all others on LN, and you'll use it as you'd use a hot wallet today, top it off when it's empty, move funds to cold storage when needed, etc.
I see a lot of people confuse LN with how flash channels etc. on Iota works, where you have to open and close a channel with a specific recipient each time. LN is a network, not a channel.
@_date: 2018-02-23 15:36:14
No, there's countless cryptocurrency communities. Some for trading, some for specific altcoins, some for specific technologies based on various coins, some for specific language groups, some for specific regions, some on specific platforms, etc.
Sure you could say that the "cryptocurrency community" is an umbrella term for all these sub-communities. But what's the point? You might as well be talking about the human community. It's too large, diverse and dynamic to be called a community.
You *can* talk about the Nano community or the Iota community, but for Bitcoin, the term doesn't make any sense, it's all over the place. And that's a good thing, it wasn't made for any community, for an identifiable group of people. It's open and wild, for all.
@_date: 2018-02-23 09:54:30
If you take 'decentralized' out of a 'decentralized ledger', all you've got left is a traditional database with a fancy name. It's basically what we've already got.
Don't get me wrong, private and consortium blockchains does have use cases (especially with respect to automation of control, surveillance and regulation). It's just a different beast altogether. Inspired by bitcoin, but without the core features of bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-02-28 12:10:55
Come on, man. Every time anyone criticizes the banking system, you people bring out this illuminati shit.
It's about your right to donate to a politician without the risk of being whipped or hanged. It's about your right to help a person in need regardless of government sanctions or tax laws. It's about your right to buy a butt-plug without *someone* knowing that you bought it. It's about privacy. It's about presumption of innocence.
That may not seem like much to you, you're probably living under a stable and benevolent government. But it's certainly valuable to people living under worse conditions. And *that's* the point, we can't know who will be in power tomorrow, we don't know who inherits the powers that some benevolent government, perhaps with good intentions, establishes today.
To be honest, I don't think Mr. Gates understands these things. He's not evil, it just doesn't compute for him, he's been a special person for so long, he can't see these things from a universal perspective. You can see signs of this in everything he says.
@_date: 2018-03-04 22:06:03
The point was not to rip religious people. There's plenty of religious sermons that aren't bad.
@_date: 2018-02-28 13:57:03
Sorry you got scammed, but it's probably not much to do about it. It's possible to do some blockchain analysis, to see if one can trace the funds, you could inform other potential victims that the address belongs to a scammer etc.
But basically, you've handed cash to a person you don't know. It's just generally not an optimal way to trade online.
@_date: 2018-02-02 15:10:52
Proof or it didn't happen.
@_date: 2018-02-07 14:03:54
Guy is 18-19 years old, he thinks the entire universe evolves around what's hot in his high school. Go easy on him.
@_date: 2018-02-02 11:24:19
While I was posting, Submitting text was for some reason disabled. Still appears to be disabled. Otherwise yeah, no reason at all :)
@_date: 2018-02-07 15:44:55
That, or stop selling bitcoin. The point being, if you're a bad trader and acknowledge it, stop being one, your only giving away your money to good traders.
If you think the price will go up long term, buy and hold. If you think it will be down, sell and forget about the whole thing. Either way, stop acting based on daily fluctuations and feelings!
@_date: 2018-03-12 11:56:02
That's stupid. Brits have as much freedom of speech as any other person in America.
Also POTUS is funny as hell. These comedians, foreign or domestic, have to point it out. It's their job.
@_date: 2018-03-15 10:31:43


Bitcoin isn't released in it's final form (and never will be). Even today, it's pretty easy to take added steps to keep your privacy. In there future, there's no reason to believe that such features won't be built-in. 


The core technology of Bitcoin enables decentralized autonomous organizations (DAOs), smart contracts, shared ownership, etc. In the current structure, corporations own your ass while you work for them. Bitcoin carries the potential to allow you to own your own ass, while collaborating with others to create things.


For one, the right to transact with anyone you want to, without regards for sanctions, surveillance, monitoring, or any other kind of middle-man control mechanisms. This is an oxymoron though, the government already decides what rights you have, so it's really not possible for the government to take your right. When it's gone, it's no longer a right.


You seem to thinks that this guy is talking about what Bitcoin does if you just invest a little and sit on it. That's not it. He's talking about what Bitcoin has the potential to do, if you look at the core technology, distributed ledgers technologies, and run away with them.
You might say that Bitcoin can't do any of what I just said, that certain alt-coins might. That's wrong too. Altcoins are just sandboxes and testnets for what can be done with Bitcoin in the future.
@_date: 2018-02-19 11:59:44
That's the point. It's all automated. Banking today (traditional, not investment banking) is way too profitable, considering that virtually all the tasks they perform *can* be automated. Along comes Bitcoin and provides a fully automated payment network.
There's no *need* to pay trusted middle-men any longer, but we still do on the fiat system. Traditional banking won't stay competitive in its current form. It must either adapt or it will fall (or it must kill crypto).
@_date: 2018-02-07 13:13:37
Unfortunately, nobody knows at this point, it depends on whether (or how much) transactions increase in the future, what services are created for LN (watchtowers, etc.), and a bunch of other factors.
In theory:
The more successful LN is, the lower main chain transaction fees will go (supply and demand). Yet, the lower main chain transaction fees goes, the easier and more often people will open and close channels, or just settle.
And, the higher main chain transaction fees goes, the more solutions will be created for using LN and the more successful LN becomes.
This should balance the fees out at some nice level. I'm *guessing*, somewhere between a few cents and 0.5 USD.
Also keep in mind, if some outside event were to increase transaction fees, like global spike in energy costs, we still can increase the block size. It's just not time yet.
Also keep in mind, LN is just a set of smart contracts. the main blockchain doesn't care whether you move funds to cold storage or to an LN channel. There's really no limits to what can be done on second layers; if LN fails, bitcoin can still get a DAG style ledger, PoS,  a completely central paypal-style service, really whatever. I do believe we'll figure out a way for low-income people to bank on bitcoin. If we don't bitcoin will have failed and some altcoin deserve to overtake it.
@_date: 2018-02-19 12:12:11


The traders, the experts who actually point the flow of money in the right direction, will stay (at least until other technologies can do the job better). Aside from these experts, virtually all the processes and functions in current banking (commercial and investment) can be automated. A lot of people thought that would happen with the internet. It didn't, because nobody solved the trust issues. Blockchain is that missing piece.
@_date: 2018-03-01 20:27:35
For now, spend and replace. Or if you're in a process of accumulating:






Long term, price can stabilize as others have pointed out.
@_date: 2018-02-22 12:29:43
Two reasons why there's still quite a lot of hope:
1. More and more methods and gateways are being setup to easily transfer between crypto and fiat. The banks are trying really hard to choke this, but with limited success so far. I really don't think there's any way for them to stop it completely, without outright outlawing any non-defined or pre-approved fiat transaction - an act that certainly would increase the popularity of bitcoin. This is a tough balancing act for them. So even if 5% or 10% of the world population are aware of things and choose bitcoin, that's easily enough 
2. Bitcoin was born out of the 2007/2008 crisis. Economic crises happen cyclically, with fractional reserve banking, they always do. We haven't seen a big one since Bitcoin was created. The next big one will be the first one with Bitcoin in existence AND with surprisingly widespread awareness of its distributed, independent and deflationary features. In my opinion, this will be the first real test for Bitcoin. Up until now, it's really just been a novelty, not really needed by common people (at least in the west).
@_date: 2018-02-19 21:09:20
A few job titles that can disappear completely:
* Escrow Managers
* Title Managers
* Title Examiners
* Bank tellers
* Etc.
A few job titles that won't disappear, but can be greatly reduced in numbers if we **use open, public, real-time updated ledgers:**
* Book keepers
* Accountants and controllers
* Reconciliation analysts
* Auditors
* Etc.
A few job titles that won't disappear, but can be greatly reduced in numbers if we **tokenize financial instruments:**
* Options brokers
* Stock brokers
* Bond brokers
* Etc.
A few job titles that won't disappear, but can be greatly reduced in numbers if we **deploy smart contracts** beyond currency transactions:
* Fin. lawyers
* Notaries
* Registrars
* Regulators
* Mediators and arbitrers
* Etc.
With the general reduction in these jobs, other staff can be reduced as well, including office managers, secretaries, department managers, and all the other supporting functions.
I'd estimate that about 90-95% of current jobs in finance *can* be replaced, if we really adopted bitcoin and built out all the potential. But I don't think we'll see more than a ~30% reduction within 2028, just because old businesses move slowly.
@_date: 2018-02-03 12:40:46
While on the subject of attention, if you had been paying it, you would have seen that the dude was referring to these two economists specifically. As you can see, he deleted his post, so it didn't happen. Pay attention dude.
@_date: 2018-02-20 11:30:30
Because Monero is no more Bitcoin than Girl With Pearl Earrings is the Mona Lisa, or silver is gold. Both can have value, one is just more desired and renowned than the other.
@_date: 2018-02-20 21:01:12
Not disagreeing, but to clarify what the gold bug talking heads mean:
Money used to be backed by gold, you could trade your state issued paper note for a specific amount of gold.
In other words, they're not talking about what value or effort went into the currency, but rather what you are guaranteed to get for it.
However the gold bugs ignore that once you've traded your gold-backed paper notes for the guaranteed gold, you're left with something that holds value purely for its desirability. Gold is shiny and durable and nice, and people want it. So is Bitcoin, in addition to being more practical to trade with.
Peter Schiff argues that gold has an intrinsic value on top of investment desirability, such as being a good conductor, and would thus be in demand even if investors abandoned it. That's true, but meaningless because the current gold price is dominated by the investment desirability. Very very few people hold gold because they may some day need a more corrosion resistant (but less conductive) conductor. Also there are other competing methods to fight corrosion.
As for the central banking talking heads, they're just rightfully experiencing uncertainty about the potential changes that's coming.
@_date: 2018-02-07 16:09:08
But the thing is, once you have the coins, you're in complete control. What if you say you lost the private keys? Or got hacked? Or lost it all in a bad margin trade? Once you're on the crypto-side, the government is at your mercy, and can only hope that you choose to inform them about what you do.
Tracking your public keys isn't really a big deal either, you can flip your coins to some anonymous crypto like Monero or Dash and flip it back to some completely new set of keys that you carry in your mind!
Govs. trying to track this isn't going to kill the dream. Governments need to ban cryptography the science, in order to kill this. Which of course many politicians are seriously debating, with respect to encryption in general (such as encrypted messaging).
Edit: Also, atomic swaps are coming, precisely because centralized exchanges are a weakness.
Edit 2: Also, you can use localbitcoins for any type of purchase, not just physical meetings. As long as you set up a way to send or receive fiat, to someone in the world, you can buy or sell bitcoin. If Localbitcoins get's banned, I'm guessing 10 similar sites will pop up. As long as it's possible for you to send money to people, physically or otherwise, you can get coins.
The effects that such clampdowns have on the bitcoin price is a completely different matter though. The only thing they really can do, is make it extremely risky for you to hold coins, for fear of losing value.
@_date: 2018-02-18 18:37:55
It's already sort of implemented, you can use it now. Dude on the video just did use it!
Three things must still happen before widespread adoption:
1. More testing, much much more testing, to be sure that it's safe, stable and secure
2. User friendly interfaces for non-tech savvy people must be developed
3. Network effect must happen, so that it's actually possible to do LN transactions with virtually anyone
Impossible to say when 1, 2 and 3 are done, but my guess is somewhere between 6 months and 2 years.
@_date: 2018-02-22 11:47:35
Yes and no! Yes banks are damned powerful, having the capability to transfer value from the general public (all owners of a particular fiat currency) to whomever they choose is quite a trick. However, they can only do it to an extent before inflation bites them.
All they can really do is influence politicians to ban BTC and influence the people to distrust BTC. Other than that, there's really not much they can do.
If Bitcoin ever falls, the downfall will be in the form of the ignorance of people. People not seeing why we need the protocol, people not defying government bans, people choosing to let it crumble.
The protocol is invented, it exists, we've got the means. Satoshi did his part. The rest is up to us.
@_date: 2018-02-07 13:59:10
Do you think that every hodler bought at 20k? It's really a tiny fraction, I don't think I've seen anyone admit to doing that. It's probably mostly unlucky traders who sold again at their stop-loss (19k or whatever).
Just because some mania driven bull market drove the price up to this point, doesn't mean that every bitcoin holder lost money. According to your logic, if the price jumps to a million and drops to 8k again, all holders will have lost all the *potential* profit making? That doesn't make any sense, nobody can live like that. Your property value fluctuates, you're fiat fluctuates, you're friggin food prices fluctuates, if you try to optimize every cent of value you have, you'll go nuts! Put your money in something you believe in long-term, ignore the price and relax. If that thing is crypto, that's what hodling means.
@_date: 2018-02-18 22:27:47
A large portion of traditional finance is rendered redundant by bitcoin. One does not have to be an angsty 15 year old, to dislike the inefficiencies and potential abuses imposed on the economy by middle-men in the current system. One simply has to prefer optimization, even if it means that a lot of finance people might see their current jobs replaced by code and networking.
It's been happening to other sectors for decades. Not long ago, people in manufacturing were laughing at the idea that robots would replace their all-important function. Then they started to feel threatened and lashed out. Then they lost their jobs. Some adapted, others are on food stamps. Do yourself a favor and adapt.
@_date: 2018-02-23 10:11:27


The petro coin might be bad, it might take a tumble. However, if they adopt other cryptocurrencies in the process of trying out the petro, they might just end up with a crypto-based economy. Which is still a lot better than the inflationary fiat they've currently got. That actually gives their economy a chance, oil or no oil.
@_date: 2018-02-19 18:11:38
M&amp;A advising and commercial lending, is done by "the experts who actually point the flow of money in the right direction." They won't be automated by blockchain, blockchain is dumb like that.
@_date: 2018-02-07 18:53:04
Could be 6 months, could be 8 more years, could be 16 years, could be never.
Unless governments outright ban trading of goods against cryptocurrencies, I'm guessing it'll take 2 to 5 years to get there.
@_date: 2018-02-23 20:04:45
That's true, but crypto coin values are determined by supply and demand. If they inflate the Petro, it'll just go towards zero and more people will stick with non-inflationary coins like bitcoin.
Bitcoin can still lose 90% of it's value at any time though, so it's not a given that it'll provide the unwashed masses with a shot at creating a working economy. Also it's nowhere near ready, it would have been easier if LN was fully up and running. But still, it's as good a shot as anything else they might try.
@_date: 2018-02-07 16:56:21
Doesn't really matter who you were addressing, it's still a completely viable arbitrary number to discuss.
If Bitcoin is Money, it's a tiny fraction of the whole market. If it's an asset, it's even a tinier fraction.
@_date: 2018-03-08 11:33:53
"But that's just one reporter, and he was fired"
That's the point. Breitbart chiefs aren't dumb enough to publish blatant racism. The whole concept of Breitbart, is to be a 'mainstream' website by racially aware conservatives for racially aware conservatives, without being branded like stormfront.
It's not that clever, really. Sure it allows people like you to challenge random people on the internet to come up with proof of racism. But it doesn't really take that much intelligence and brain capacity to see what's going on.
@_date: 2018-02-22 17:27:57
Certainly, Bitcoin is nowhere near ready to become a global replacement for all fiat. Need second (and maybe third) layer and lots of other infrastructure for that. But the only real alternative is gold.
@_date: 2018-04-21 09:47:26
TA is a combination of two ideas:
1. "Draw lines that follow the current trend to tell where we're going from here. They are right until the trend reverses.", as you say.
2. A common set of technical rules that crowds follow, that to a large extent become self-fulfilling prophecies, when the signs are clear enough for a sufficient amount of people to pick up on them and help push the price in that direction.
For long term investment, as it seems you've been involved in, TA is absolutely 100% worthless. Do fundamentals instead.
For short-term, day- or hour trading, if you can teach yourself to read the signs and **execute the trades early enough** compared to other traders, it actually can make you rich. But it's not enough to read the signs, you have to do it faster than most other traders, otherwise you're paying their salaries.
This is also why the days of human TA trading are numbered. Humans can not compete with bots in this domain. We can't do the very simple math needed for TA, and execute trades, as fast as even existing bots can. ML powered trading bots 2 to 5 years from now, will obliterate any human.
@_date: 2018-04-10 17:12:58
He actually addressed this:


And that's a good thing, we don't want the government to be able to control the value. 
@_date: 2018-04-10 17:05:02
That's the irony of it, the author gets a l lot of credit for writing about decentralization before it became a thing.
Bitcoin was created specifically, purposefully as a tradable asset that couldn't be manipulated by a central authority.
The author's analysis: Bitcoin is no good because it can't be manipulated by a central authority.
@_date: 2018-04-24 14:26:21


Fixed that for you.
@_date: 2018-04-20 12:33:04
Yeah, centrally controlled by thousands or millions of nodes.
If LN for some reason does fail, there will be other second layers, a block lattice structure, a tangle, whatever. It doesn't matter, as long as the foundation is sound.
Altcoins are inflation. Whether some coin does have a better transaction scheme or not doesn't matter, a new altcoin will eat it next week. Only bitcoins are Bitcoin. Bitcoin created this whole thing.
@_date: 2018-04-21 22:20:19
Asking whether the symbol in the picture is the bcash symbol, and claiming that googling Bitcoin shows the bcash symbol, implies that you either think the common bitcoin symbol is the bcash symbol, or that you're pushing this age-old Bitcoin symbol for bcash. Confused or retarded.
The symbol in the picture has always been the Bitcoin symbol, ₿. Bcash doesn't have a symbol. It does have a logo though, that incorporates this symbol. This may be the source of your confusion.
@_date: 2018-04-21 10:37:18
It might happen in 2018, it might take another 9 years. This is a network effect thing, it's incredibly tough to predict.
Bitcoin is, and always will be, a work in progress. Better ideas aren't a threat, they're welcome. LN could easily have been developed as a stand-alone cryptocurrency. Iota's Tangle or Nanos block lattice could easily have been second layers for Bitcoin. Altcoins can compliment Bitcoin, but they can never topple it, not without breaking the whole ecosystem and throw the markets into perpetual chaos and hyperinflation, with a new king altcoin at every technological iteration. 
Bitcoin created this class of technologies. That will always be greater than any iteration within this class. I'm not saying it can't happen, I'm saying that it's highly unlikely, and that if it does happen, faith in the currency-part of cryptocurrencies will be lost. The term "blockchain" will be reduced to a glorification of distributed databases for other stuff.
@_date: 2018-04-25 21:09:02
U+20BF :)
@_date: 2018-04-21 18:02:38
You are either confused or retarded. Or some combination of both.
@_date: 2018-04-21 23:21:34
There's several copies of it on Youtube. Like this one with 276k views:
This one's actually higher resolution than the one in OP, perhaps OP should swap. Also original (Bill Stills) channel.
@_date: 2018-04-21 22:28:49
It's not. Bcash people typically use copies of the prevailing bitcoin logo, but they tip the B slightly to the left instead of to the right, and they may or may not change the background, either by adding square brackets, or by changing the color to green, or both.
Prevailing Bitcoin logo:
Bcash logo:
These are *logos*. The symbol ₿, the one found in the picture, is associated with Bitcoin. Only confused or retarded people would think it represents bcash.
@_date: 2018-04-21 22:52:35
Roger Ver and his fellow scammers have been trying to claim the name, the symbol, the ticker symbol and the logo for their cheap copy bcash since the fork.
They failed, so they're using a similar name and logo. Unfortunately, it does confuse the uninformed. This is one of the sources of tension between the bcash community and the rest of the world.
@_date: 2018-04-20 12:42:28
LN as it looks now, would never see mass adoption, of course not.
But do you think that's how it's going to look forever? Someone already pointed out the Internet. Think about it, the clouds, email, the web, these too consist of overly complicated systems and of many steps. **Under the hood.**
If LN devs succeed in creating user-friendly, intuitiv and easy-to-use tools and wallets, all that would remain is retailers to adopt. I don't see any reason why that shouldn't be possible, it's just a matter of doing it.
@_date: 2019-05-28 08:42:18
The Winklevii has this thing going:
 [
@_date: 2019-05-28 08:52:38
This has nothing to do with Facebook the company, or the speculations that Facebook will launch its own currency in 2020.