@_author: p7r
@_date: 2014-10-10 18:27:58
Never mind it being dodgy at a political/economic level, as a programmer I have to say if I caught one of my colleagues hard-coding blacklists into the source I would rip the piss out of them for months afterwards.
Utterly, utterly, brain dead programming.
@_date: 2014-08-03 19:35:29
No, the Lake District is in the middle of the UK
@_date: 2014-07-28 14:02:11
The fact that the richest 47 individuals hold more BTC than the bottom 1 million individuals suggests that there is an inequality, however those early hoarders were prepared to put time and effort in before BTC became popular.
But they now hold the community hostage. With billions of dollars in assets at current valuations, they could cause a run on the exchanges for fiat currency in minutes, and they now have considerable purchasing power if they choose to keep hold of their assets.
There's also the chance of course that these wallets are lost...
@_date: 2015-05-05 16:11:56
There are US sanctions against Iran which includes "a ban on any transactions with Iranian banks and financial institutions" according to [this BBC News Article]( (the official sanctions site at the State department is verbose and technical).
If your a Bitcoin user in Iran, a US company can't really do business with you using Bitcoin, as you are your own "bank". If you are an Iranian living in another country, the sanctions might still hold. I smell lawyers being super careful here as they make sure Coinbase don't get State Department fingers pointed at them.
Either way, it's a mess.
@_date: 2016-05-02 12:19:17
On this one, it's pretty obvious they're riding on the Economist story.
@_date: 2013-11-18 17:26:30
Sure. I'm going to assume that money is lost. I hope for the sake of the donors it's not.
I note that the thread has been updated with a commitment to deliver the software and now the coins are worth more, isn't he swell? Maybe. I'm not sure it was a conscious decision.
Reading through the spec there are some poor design choices. That's to be expected of somebody who isn't a good developer: the same goals can be achieved with less just through experienced engineers saying "no, you really don't want to do that". I sense however that the treasurers have their minds made up :-) 
Regardless, I'm thinking that by doing something the community feels is useful, I can play my part as a newb. If I or somebody else ticks every box, it's up to the community to make the decision they want to make, but I'd look at this as a new opportunity to so something interesting.
And I think a new forum platform with BTC culture at its core could be something interesting.
@_date: 2013-11-22 08:46:34
Given he won't be able to get coinbase on kit in-store (the article points out how "fortunate" it was for the owner), he might need to hold off for a while.
@_date: 2013-11-18 14:38:58
So I'm quite new to BTC and to this subreddit and indeed have never posted on the forum. I just stumbled on this, and I'm rather surprised.
I'm a very experienced web developer. I'm a CTO, and my current day job is my third full-time startup as CTO or Senior Developer. I have worked as a consultant CTO or developers on dozens of projects before that batch, too. I've got 8 years of experience working with Ruby on Rails, and about 15 years of commercial experience of developing websites, some with budgets eclipsing the current USD value of the 7k BTC this project has to hand.
Having looked at the original thread, what is being asked for is relatively simple to build. I'm not entirely sure why existing software is insufficient (I'm guessing a more community-driven aspect of "administration" or moderation?), but I'm happy to build an alternative if the stakeholders are interested in providing feedback.
I don't expect to be paid 6921.59 BTC for it. In fact, I don't expect to be paid for it. I'm interested in helping the community, I'm interested in playing with disruptive models, and so I'd be interested in finding another way to do this.
I know other engineers are interested in doing this, so perhaps what should happen is we find a way to work together or we can work in teams, or whatever the community is interested in doing. 
The "winner" chosen by the community could then be awarded some or all of the winnings.
If I'm misreading this, then apologies from a newb encroaching into the space!