@_author: pa7x1
@_date: 2018-01-15 10:15:37
The contracts of Ethereum can be written in a variety of languages too (this is not specific of Ethereum but more related to how Virtual Machines work). You just need a compiler from the desired language into the bytecode of the EVM. For example, besides Solidity (which is loosely inspired by Javascript) you can also write smart contracts in Viper which is basically a subset of Python.
@_date: 2018-01-01 11:47:28
That is not how it works. Increase in transaction fees arises as blocks get full, then it becomes a bidding war to get your transaction inside those full blocks which raises the fee prices.
Thus, it is not related to the price of the base token but on the transaction limits of the underlying protocol.
Ethereum has variable size blocks, which can grow dynamically as demand grows (to an extent). This is not in any way the final solution to scalability. On top of that you can build payment channels like Raiden (same idea as Lightning) or trees of blockchains (Plasma, designed by the founder of Lightning by the way). Or you can partition the network of nodes in subsets called shards.
These scaling solutions are in the works, with some already available in the main net like [uRaiden]( and others in R&amp;D phase like [Plasma](
@_date: 2019-09-20 15:23:47
This is a misunderstanding. What you want is higher transactions fees (as they are a very direct measure of use and help pay for security of the blockchain) and low median fees. That is, you want to pay little per transaction but have a lot of transaction to accrue enough fees to pay for security through use instead of requiring more issuance. The way to achieve that is L1 scalability.
Edit: Ate a word
@_date: 2017-06-06 13:47:42
That is  a thoughtful and well reasoned response. Thanks for taking the time to write it down, will read your article as soon as I have some free time. 
@_date: 2017-06-21 07:23:50
Proof of Stake doesn't centralize the wealth further. New issuance is shared proportionally to the amount staked thus keeping the percentage held intact. 
Easy example: There are 100 tokens. You have 80 tokens and I have 20. We stake all of them. New issuance (inflation) is 50. Which is shared among stakers as: 40 for you, 10 for me. 
This is where you might think, richness is being concentrated because you get more but the proportion of token held is constant. You still have 80% and I have 20%.
@_date: 2017-06-06 12:16:39
I don't think anybody is arguing against that, at least nobody with some minimal understanding. 
But the figure of 1 MB is not some magical number or universal constant of physics. It's merely a value that was reasonable at the time of Bitcoin's design (almost 10 years ago already) in relation to hardware and networking limitations. Hardware progresses and so does the bandwidth of our networks. 
As silly as Bill Gates purported comment (note that this is most likely apocryphal but still illustrative) on 640KB memory in the 80s looks today, so will 1MB blocks look in the future and to an extent start to look today. 
To me it seems clear that Bitcoin needs to scale on-chain through a conservative block increase (2MB, 4 MB maybe?) that is more conservative than the natural evolution seen in hardware specs. And needs to activate SegWit and build second layer solutions quickly. Or it won't be able to cope with its growth and other technical solutions that can will take its place. 
Decentralization is not only that I can run a node in a ridiculously small and inexpensive computer. Everytime the fees for a tx go up, you are pushing poorer people out of the protocol, that is also a problem of centralization. With 4$ fees, a transaction smaller than 400$ starts to be unreasonable.
Sincerely, an old time Bitcoin holder.  
Edit: Small typos. 
@_date: 2017-06-21 15:56:20
Non-stakers of course don't receive staking profits, that's obvious. In PoS the minimum entry costs for staking can be made arbitrarily small so there is no significant barrier for small fishes. PoW requires a significant initial investment in hardware resources and the running costs are driven by energy costs which are not evenly distributed across the world, driving many miners out of profitability.
In these regards PoS is significantly more decentralized than PoW.