@_author: paalmasi
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:25:40
@_date: 2017-12-12 19:19:14
Hi there, thanks for your reply.  Always good to hear another perspective, but I'll do my best to provide you with some additional color.
1. Yes, I do believe that crypto's are the best alternative to storing value privately and anonymously.  It doesn't matter if governments like it or not you can't stop Bitcoin, you can only hinder its growth with premature regulations.  
2. People with vast sums of money are not going to keep their funds on an exchange like Coinbase, that's foolish.  They would buy a cold storage wallet like Trezor or Ledger.  Even a provider like Bitgo would be an option because they offer insurance on your funds, and only you control your private keys.
3. Yes it is possible for a pro. As long as your private keys are secure their is no way to have your funds compromised.  You can also have your sending and receiving address change with every transaction, no way to track it on the blockchain.
4. The horror stories you have heard are making micro transfers with very low mining fees attached when the network is overloaded.  If you are sending hundreds of thousands of dollars with a proper mining fee these transaction will be confirmed immediately.
5. People with Swiss bank accounts are not in that financial product to make micro transfers its for the big bucks.
6.  In the simplest sense, cryptocurrencies take all the benefits of cash, gold, and credit card payment networks, while leaving all the negatives behind. Cryptocurrencies can settle all transactions, big or small, instantly, like cash, while recording the transactions in the blockchain. Cryptocurrencies can hold and transfer value, like gold, but without the cost and hassle of buying and storing gold bullion. Cryptocurrencies can send or receive money anywhere in the world, like credit card payment networks, while doing so at the fraction of the cost.
Monetary Base of the United States: $4 Trillion Dollars
Value of the World’s Gold Market: $8 Trillion Dollars
Value of Credit Payment Networks: Let’s use our national debt of $22 Trillion Dollars
Total: $34 Trillion Dollars
Market Capitalization of Bitcoin: $290 Billion Dollars
Difference: $34 Trillion — $290 Billion = Plenty of Room to Grow
Just remember this is a rapidly evolving industry, there will be growing pains, but there is no mistake this is the future. 