@_author: paanvaannd
@_date: 2016-08-08 22:46:41
Ah, very true. They could just start rerouting money once the app has been approved. However, if that's the issue, then how anyone vet any wallet app to make sure the app doesn't turn malicious after it has been approved except through delaying wallet apps until after the company has been publicly scrutinized for a couple months?
@_date: 2016-08-08 11:54:04
This is just what I've heard on here on one of the previous posts, so I'm not sure if it's entirely right but it seems plausible:
Apple checks the code to make sure that it is within specifications (written in an acceptable language, doesn't use restricted APIs, etc.) and tests major functions from the UI to make sure that the functions work (buttons actually do something, swiping from the left shows the in-app menu, etc.). I've heard that they spend less than half an hour on each app, though some could conceivably take longer. After reports are filed, as long as nothing needs to be changed to meet code, design, or usability specifications, the app is approved for the App Store.
However, they wouldn't do something like depositing money through the app to test where it goes. My guess is because, even if they were to test out where the money is sent using a small deposit on the order of $0.01, word might get out that they would do so and the Store may be flooded with fake finance apps that would all keep routing $0.01 every time Apple had to check them. It's not a lot of money, but it creates a large problem in trust from Apple's end which harms serious companies making legitimate business apps. Flooding the App Store with fake financial apps would also take more time away from the testing of other apps. This is my best guess as to why they don't test where the money goes.
I would think that using an insignificant amount of bitcoin to test the bitcoin wallet apps would be the way to go. Deposit something on the order of $0.000000001 or even lower so that the cost of deploying fake apps to siphon free money is made even less enticing than using something on the order of $0.01. This would prevent Apple having to shut down submissions of all bitcoin or other crypto currency wallets. Anything foreseeable wrong with this method?
@_date: 2017-12-08 02:03:28
[This]( scene from Tom &amp; Jerry plays in my mind every time I see that phrase
@_date: 2017-12-04 21:45:16
Quick plug for a great tool for researching charities: [Charity Navigator](
They review charities/NPOs and give vital information such as how much of one's donation goes towards the cause versus costs of operation. I would rather support charities that put my money to better use, and if you feel similarly, I would highly recommend that you use Charity Navigator to research the institutions to which you consider donating.
@_date: 2017-11-09 21:58:15
I saw some interest here about Bitcoin donations and was curious to see if the Wikimedia Foundation, which is currently asking for funding, allows Bitcoin payments. I found this link following a link from the primary donations page, so it's not very visible. However, if they start receiving a lot of Bitcoin payments, they might just move the Bitcoin donation link to their primary donations page, which would help with cryptocurrency publicity.
I think it's a great way to support the spread of Bitcoin and an organization that is doing awesome work!
@_date: 2017-11-13 02:15:29
I was actually gonna ask the community for help identifying attack vectors for a distributed network soon so thanks on answering my question before I asked it :+)
@_date: 2017-11-13 16:25:51
I disagree... seems to me that this is a smart kid who's being humble. In fact, he attributes his advancements to be a result of his former primary education system as opposed to innate superior ability.
@_date: 2017-10-27 16:30:02
If you believe that these issues are "red herrings," then please provide issues that, in your opinion, are worthwhile in cryptocurrency self-education.
@_date: 2017-10-15 18:18:31
I now know where I'm getting posters for my new apartment :+)
@_date: 2017-09-02 15:42:38
*Luna: New Moon* and its sequel, *Luna: Wolf Moon*. Analogous to Game of Thrones ***but in space!*** :+)
The aspects that interest me most about the books is the culture of the Moon and the innovations that the societies of the Moon came up with in order to negotiate their ruthless environments. It's quite the lawless place and contract law is the only law that really matters to anyone: contracts are what make and break empires. There are class hierarchies that arise, new religions that take root, and the diversity among the characters is amazing! For example, the powerful families on the Moon are from Brazil, Australia, Ghana, Russia, and China, which is quite a diverse group of nationalities comprising the top of the food chain on the Moon. Each family has their own niche within the lunar industry, but all are vying for more power. There have been violent confrontations between some of the families in the past, and tensions are starting to flare once again due to the unstable political climate.
I can't recommend the series enough! The 3rd book of the trilogy is not yet out (the 2nd one was just released this Spring) but will probably be released in the next year and a half or so, I believe. Can't wait until then :+)
@_date: 2017-10-27 16:50:09
I see your point, but that is not what I meant by small- vs. large-block debate issues. For clarification, what I meant is why some users are vying for larger blocks _now_ as an issue to scaling while others want to keep blocks as small as possible for as long as possible until shortly before the absolute need for larger blocks arises.
What I have gathered from the few tidbits I've read is that there are concerns about centralization of cryptocurrencies if larger blocks are used, which is why some opt for the small-block (or, to be more correct, the as-small-as-possible-for-as-long-as-possible-block) philosophy. However, a lot of those solutions, such as SegWit, rely on off-chain solutions and are therefore not an inherent scaling solution for the chain itself. I was looking for articles on the sustainability impact of both debated philosophies, not a simple 1mb vs. 2mb debate. I know that the block size _needs_ to be increased, but the issues that are debated currently are _when_ that increase should occur.
e: spelling