@_author: pabl0esc0bar
@_date: 2019-04-27 17:22:19
Probably close to $500, hard to differentiate mining power and regular usage by other servers, but it would definitely be a silly endeavor if I was paying full rate for electricity. Thankfully they just installed a shit load of solar power so I don't think meters are very high on the list. If I was smarter I'd just rent out rackspace, but at some point I think theyd figure out the game and install meters or just find some reason to kick us out.
Better fly low and let time do its thing. At least I let waste heat warm the rest of the office. It never gets hot enough and there is 0 air conditioning for cooling. No one really has AC here and to qualify as class A office space I think that is required. So in a way they're flying under the radar too.
Honor amongst thieves.
@_date: 2019-04-27 06:13:49
Apparently he's so against making changes to the building that he'd rather just eat his shit sandwhich of a power bill to prove a point.
When I was in college the campus apartments were the same way. If this was going on back then I would guess we'd single handidly have become California's largest consumer of energy. As it was a large portion of the garages were being used as greenhouses with lights just cranking 24/7.  God bless former military housing.
@_date: 2019-04-16 09:51:54
Coordinating with Roger Stone on the timed release of emails jacked from Clinton's fuckwit of a campaign manager is a pretty solid reason. He's all for the truth as long as it gets him somewhere. Fucking Manning is already out. He would probably be too. Hell, he probably wouldn't have ever gone in. Dude has some other skeletons that haven't come out yet.
@_date: 2019-04-16 09:46:01
It's not. Freedom and justice is not usually described when one withholds information to tip the scales in favor of the candidate most likely to dangle a pardon over you for helping influence an election in a country where you're a wanted man.
We usually describe that as sedetion, or more specifically a violation of the espionage act.
Assange has made people lose faith in journalistic integrity. He put his thumb on the scale hoping that he'd get a free pass. He's self-serving, narcissistic, and the only embassy he should be visiting is the Saudi Arabian one in Turkey.
@_date: 2019-04-26 16:18:54
$0.00 / kWh
The owner of my office building was too cheap to install individual meters for tenants. Thanks Robert!
I even told him I was running a tech company with a server room. I should get more office space.