@_author: pablaescobar
@_date: 2017-06-29 07:51:27
Camp BX is fuckin out of business. These fuckers held on to my money order for like 2 months , i even asked them to send it back which they would NOT DO .
These people are OUT OF BUSINESS
DO NOT USE THEM
copy / paste from forum posting:
No longer at address specified on BBB (or their website), 
Money Order Forwarded,
Delivered to new addy
Holding on To My Money Order without cashing it,
0 Correspondence
Sent $400.00 Money Order to CampBX's address
(USPS Tracking  **********************)
December 13th,
It arrived at December 15th at 
Bulbul Investments LLC
13010 Morris Rd, Bldg 1 Suite 
Alpharetta - GA, 30004
which is the same address here on the BBB (and on their website).
It was then forwarded to
Bulbul Investments, LLC.
2300 Holcomb Bridge Road
Suite 
Roswell, GA, 30076
Where it was delivered, December 30th
Where it was signed for by S. Githone.
I had the US Post Master for the State of Georgia make sure that it was delivered to the proper party which they verified the above address (suite 103 holcomb bridge road) was their mailbox, and they did receive my money order.
The address on their website however remains the same, and the address on the BBB remains the same, even though they are no longer located there and are having their money orders sent their!
Here is the number for the UPS Store at where they are now having their mail forwarded to after moving out of the building and not telling any of their clients:
After this was forwarded, I called down to the building where they are located, and was told they have been out of the building since the end of October. Which makes their address on the BBB totally invalid.
To call the building where they are located and see for yourself that they are no longer located there: 1-770-576-3900
It is now 1/11/2017,
And they have not cashed my money order
They have not responded to any of the tickets that i made on their helpdesk;
And no money has been credited to my account
They have not told anyone they are using a new address,
which is 
Bulbul Investments LLC.
2300 Holcomb Bridge Road
Suite 
Roswell, GA, 30076
I have opened up 3 tickets on their helpdesk, and they will not talk to me . 
They are holding on to my money order WITHOUT cashing it.
It is now 1/13/2017
Fast Forward: I submit a complaint to the BBB 3 days ago, it is forwarded to CAMPBX. 
This is the only time that they have answered me. I have opened up 3 tickets with them for this specific money order, no replies, no help, no saying they moved out of the building which is the address still featured on their website
They have now replied to me 3 times after receiving it..
I haven't read it, because its just going to be a bunch of BS
But i did notice them saying "They aren't accepting money orders anymore"
What the F are they talking about?
Thats the ONLY FORM OF PAYMENT THEY DO ACCEPT /HAVE ACCEPTED SINCE THE ACH TRANSFER FIASCO MANY YEARS AGO!!
are they accepting gold?
Anyways, my $400.00 up in the wind
They literally told me, to get a reversal on my money order which takes 60 days
How about just be polite and send it back for the years of business that i have given you ?
they still are not even giving me the courtesy of returning the money order.
they literally said for me to do a reversal even though it was signed and in their possession
totally unfair.
especially after being a client for so many years of ongoing business.
so i guess this is the last nail in their coffin considering they have not updated their facebook or twitter in 2 years and deleted any negative comments that anyone left about them.
so i hope those of you that plan to use them check this thread first as they are pretty much out of business. they do not accept any forms of payment,
i guess the only thing you can do on their website now technically is sell bitcoin to them or use it as a wallet but that is about it.
The way that i got my money order back was filing a claim with USPS . 