@_author: pacergh
@_date: 2011-06-27 21:20:08
I think Hoefler uses css font linking.  I'll have to check.  Thanks for the heads up.  I'll work on the CSS to see if I can get it to fail more gracefully.
@_date: 2011-06-27 22:41:16
Ah, I thought I did above, but I see I screwed up my sentence above.


This should read: "Intrinsic value is perceived value, where market value is exchange value."
Market value is based on the ability to exchange at a given time in an arms' length transaction.
Intrinsic value represents something different: it is the perception of value based upon the underlying resources.
Both are based on the subjective senses of value the parties involved place on items.  However, one's core is the exchange of goods where another's is the perception of goods.
Let's take a stock example, if you will.  Say I own 40000 shares of a stock at $2 per share.  You might say my intrinsic assets include the $80000 worth of value of these shares.
But the market value of my assets is different.  What happens if I tried to unload all those shares?  It's possible that I can't get the $2 per share price if I unload all the shares at once.  Perhaps it goes down, and I only average $1.50 per share.  I've lost a quarter of my intrinsic value in the market exchange.  Or, perhaps it goes up and I average $2.50 a share—my intrinsic value is lower than the market value.
Market value and realized value play together here.  Often market value is difficult to determine, or impossible to determine, until the realization of value occurs through the market exchange.  (That's why real estate tax values are difficult to compute nowadays.)
All this really comes down to, however, is the many sides of the same coin.  Value is subjective, and you're right about that, and all these various terms are shorthand for discussing different ways the subjectiveness of value can be measured.
In short, value is a moving target and all these different types of value are the arrows in our quiver that help us try and hit it (or the pellets in our shotgun shells).
@_date: 2011-06-27 18:10:53
Odd. It's something to do with the CSS.  Your browser might not be rendering the CSS fonts and font changes correctly.  What browser are you using?
@_date: 2011-06-27 18:48:52
It may not interpret the CSS correctly.  For readability, I'd use another browser temporarily or use something like Instapaper to try and make it more readable. I've tried to hunt down the CSS code and where it might be a problem, but I couldn't find it (and the theme was written by someone else).
@_date: 2011-06-27 20:33:24
You seem to believe intrinsic value is not subjective.  It is.
Intrinsic value is different than market value, but both are subjective.
See, e.g., Investopedia's definition of intrinsic value: "1. The actual value of a company or an asset based on an underlying perception of its true value including all aspects of the business, in terms of both tangible and intangible factors. This value may or may not be the same as the current market value. Value investors use a variety of analytical techniques in order to estimate the intrinsic value of securities in hopes of finding investments where the true value of the investment exceeds its current market value."
Read more: 
@_date: 2011-06-27 19:53:20
Ouch.  On top of that, _red keeps using those words intrinsic value, in the words of Inigo Montoya, I do not think they mean what he thinks they mean.
@_date: 2011-06-27 18:57:12
You bring up some good points.  In fact, gold as a currency shares elements similar to Bitcoins as a currency -- both have value based on what others are willing to trade for them.  (This is distinct from gold coins which will carry a combinations of fiat and commodity value on top of the value of the gold in the coin itself.)
As to why gold has value, I think you make good points but that questions of value are inherently more complex.  People like the way gold looks, the ease with which it can be worked, and its use in certain settings.
The most interesting thing about Bitcoins is the distributable nature of the Bitcoin network. Unlike fiat or commodity currency (government-backed), Bitcoins do not and cannot have a single backer (unless changes to the system are made). This insulates Bitcoins from some securities problems, and some argue it will insulate against inflationary/deflationary issues, but it also makes them problematic from a governance standpoint.
This is why many fear Bitcoins will be targeted for legal reprisals. I am working on a paper that I hope will outline the legal issues facing Bitcoin and how Bitcoin might navigate through the legal waters. Will see if I have the time and resources to finish it, and finish it well.
The above post is a gloss of one section detailing Bitcoins and federal securities laws.
@_date: 2011-07-17 03:42:48
Copyrights are not a big issue if the source code is licensed using an open source license. Copyrights can't be used to prevent someone from using a name like Bitcoin—that's a trademark issue.
The patent issue is interesting, but most countries don't allow software patents. The US is an exception (and we should stop, software patents are idiotic).
Interestingly, when I researched this article I learned more about the Linux trademark. Some attorney trademarked Linux and began sending threatening letters to Linux companies and customers. The upside is the Linux community fought back and the mark was transferred to Linus who now essentially holds it in trust for the Linux community.
Links to some of that exist in the article.
@_date: 2011-06-27 22:54:21
No, I am not confusing myself from claiming they aren't property.  I just view claims of property with a skeptical view.  As I said, I might change my mind—I'm just diving into the Bitcoin waters.  I'm still developing my view on the topic.
And no, I don't think IP and Bitcoins are similar.  IP is legislated rights that mimic property in an attempt to enclose nonrivalrous, intangible stuff.
Bitcoin doesn't work this way.
However, I am still developing my theory on what property is, so I hesitate to confer the title in Bitcoins as of yet.
Finally, the US government does back the dollar.  Everyone can't decide tomorrow the dollar is worth nothing unless the government does so as well (as it is part of 'everybody').
This doesn't preclude the idea that enough people could decide the dollar was worth nothing and, therefore, significantly reduce the dollars value.
@_date: 2011-06-27 20:05:45
Ah, see, there is our difference.  I don't believe in imaginary property, be it intellectual or digital.  I believe in intangible property.
That doesn't mean I don't think intangibles can't mimic tangible property.  However, I think they should be looked on anew and not through the old tangible property glasses we've used for thousands of years.
It's time for new glasses.
As for Bitcoin not being a commodity, this is so for other reasons as well.
Commodities can be used.  Bitcoins cannot.  (Transfer doesn't count as use.)  In this sense Bitcoins are more like currency than commodity.
Think on it—what good is a U.S. dollar?  It's a piece of paper.  It's only worth is the worth placed in it by others (the U.S. government, local shops and stores, your friends and neighbors).
This is similar to Bitcoins (except without government backing).
Compare with gold—what is it good for?  It is good for value exchanges, but it is also good for more.  Microelectronics, metal design, jewelry, and more.
@_date: 2011-07-07 15:35:00
No, you're wrong.  Read the information on the link.  A registration application has been submitted.  It is being processed.  It has not be assigned a USPTO examination attorney.
The First use in commerce date is when the mark was used in commerce.  It is not when the REGISTERED trademark was used in commerce.
To register a trademark with the USPTO the mark must have been used in interstate commerce.
@_date: 2011-07-17 12:37:03
Read the article. Trademarks are source indicators. You can't have a trademark if it doesn't indicate source. You can't indicate a source if anyone can use the trademark. There are other issues as well. As already said: This won't work for various reasons; trademark law doesn't work that way.
@_date: 2011-07-16 15:55:44
Creative Commons is an effort to create a commons using copyright law. This won't work for trademark law for various reasons.
@_date: 2011-07-08 02:34:48
The application still has to be assigned to a trademark examiner, an attorney working for the USPTO.  Then, after that examination process, someone can challenge it.
The key point is that it will take more than 30 days for his application to be 'published.'  Even that isn't registration.  Once it is published, you can protest it within 30 days.  After 30 days, you have to go through the cancellation process.
@_date: 2011-06-27 20:06:25
Make that "I believe in tangible property."  Hehe.  Anyway, good discussions.  Been enjoying it.  I should do more work.
@_date: 2011-06-27 19:12:14
You're right.  Gold has a number of important qualities beyond people wanting it for jewelry or currency.  Although the fact that Bitcoins can't coat implantable medical diodes means Bitcoins don't compete for currency value with utility value, unlike gold.
@_date: 2011-06-27 19:47:45
Bitcoins run into a problem if their deemed securities or a currency.  Gold is a commodity, and its trading is regulating by government agencies regulating the exchange of commodities.
Bitcoin is not a commodity.  It is nothing, really, except a cryptographic string representing trades (and thereby ownership).  So the Bitcoin = gold argument fails in a legal sense.
As an analogy, though, comparing Bitcoins to commodities is not a bad idea.  This might keep them out of securities and currency regulations.
@_date: 2011-07-07 13:34:40
There have already been some folks discussing what to do about this.  I'm a bit rusty on my trademark procedure myself, but I hope to have an outline of what the process entails and a roadmap of how members of the Bitcoin community can fight the registration up on Lex Technologiae later this week.
In the mean time, relax a bit.  Trademark registrations take a while.
@_date: 2011-06-27 19:23:53
Bitcoin is and isn't that far away.  A Bitcoin exchange might create the necessary elements to meet the current legal definitions of security under federal law.
However, it should also be noted that courts have shown a willingness to interpret securities laws in a flexible manner, so they might extend the analysis in a way that includes Bitcoins themselves.
@_date: 2011-06-27 21:27:13
You state:


Intrinsic value IS subjective value, and thats the point of the investopedia article.  All value is subjective to some extent, including intrinsic.  You seem to believe intrinsic value is somehow not intrinsic.
Intrinsic value is perceived value, where market value is perceived value.
Housing has both intrinsic value and market value.  The intrinsic value of housing is based on the perception of its value: what it originally cost, what it costs to replace if destroyed, material costs if disassembled, etc.  The market value of housing is the exchange value: what is another willing to pay for the house and land in an arms' length transaction?
Gold's use in industrial use does confer an intrinsic value to gold.  It's value isn't just market value; it's also perceived value based on how it can be used in industry.
Compared this to a U.S. dollar bill—it only has market value.  A dollar's value exists in what others are willing to exchange it for.  This willingness can be backed by commodities with intrinsic value or by government regulations (fiat currency) with no intrinsic value, but the dollar itself has no intrinsic value.
Yet intrinsic and market value are both subjective.
So, you keep using those words, intrinsic value, but I know they do not mean what you think they mean.
In essence, you're right, and your wrong.
@_date: 2011-06-27 22:32:35
Gold has many applications beyond electronics.  It's malleable qualities make it suitable for many aspects of metalworking that others metals are ill-suited for.
As for the U.S. backing the dollar -- it does so through its bonds, its printing of money, and its regulation of currency.  This is classic fiat money.  It is backed, but not by a tangible commodity as it was in the gold standard days.  Rather, it is backed by the force of the state.
People wear gold for many reasons.  Going back to its malleable nature, it is easier to make intricate designs and metalwork using gold than other metals.  That is one reason why it was popular in ancient days.
Finally, the meaning of property.  That is a subject near and dear to my heart.  I've written on the meaning of property a number of times and have a few works in progress on the matter.
You can follow my work here: 
I believe that it is a mistake to view property based purely on the right to exclude.  I am no fan of the current intellectual property regime; I believe there a better ways to accomplish the goals of intellectual property law.
My instant view of Bitcoins in regards to property is that they are less property and more an element of someone's identity.  Each Bitcoin is tied to one's identity and should be viewed less as property and more as part of that person.  But this view might change over time—I am still diving into the Bitcoin waters.