@_author: pacificanorthwestnz
@_date: 2018-01-18 19:25:04
I am interested. Another pump and dump? Advertising? How would you tell? I cannot clearly myself.
In many ways there can be multiple stakeholders but all having widely different viewpoints and standards. I find it useful to gauge the community sentiment by reading them all as honesty believed as true. "Everybody there has a different version of what truly happened. Truth is as subjective as reality." X files S03E20. Touching on the other posts and those on Bitconnect thread I would say the sentiment is anger, and a desire for higher ethics. Which in a way is positive. A community fighting for better ethics and more standards does better and grows more successfully with them. More people feel they can trust it, adoption can become wider. The negative and worrying comments were the people who landed others into a position of little support and little foreknowledge. Seeing those posters be called on for higher integrity is a reminder to everyone not to be disingenuous. However I am sure they believed themselves in part.
@_date: 2018-01-18 20:15:10
Seen a few examples after the fact. Many people who experienced one before tend to hedge their bets after a bit more, but often there can be other events introduced to shift &amp; change. The events planned coming up could spur or redirect a dead cat bounce DCB. I don't however have knowledge of whether events will play out one way or the other but the probability is interesting on market sentiment. Are you sure yourself it is a DCB or does it only look like a DCB? I think can see a few before but the fractal number shapes always tend to look choppy after a while of research. 
@_date: 2018-01-19 00:39:45
Let me pull out my cognitive bias bingo wheel and see how many we have...   to be honest my favourite one in ref large group systems is hanlon's razor. We can be our own worst enemy.
@_date: 2018-01-23 14:07:22
Some people like or need the convenience of easy to access debt in overdrafts. Often when they don't have a sufficient emergency buffer in built up. How they got to that point is often not through neglect or lack of budgeting though, but they will choose to have an account with an overdraft amount and fees. Many students in my city do it so the banks decided to get their business by offering them a free $2k-3k overdraft without fees while they study. Very tempting but physiologically it gets more customers for the banks and likely more smaller savings accounts to manage. Then graduated students look favourably to sticking with the bank for later on. 
@_date: 2018-01-18 19:05:31
This is my gambling money. You don't expect the horses to be as complex as this. It nicely encapsulates all the unanswerable issues, except the tech ones, well except the big one. How do you measure trust? (Normally you have to go to actual medium risk investment markets when they start putting standards, regulations and metrics around that, even though you could be just as likely to lose everything). I remember the semantic web definitions trying multiple variables to teach AI to gauge trust, but if the humans could not describe it and show it accurately to each other, how would the AI handle?
[oh and the answer is the limit bounds on percentages: 0-&gt; inf gain (however we know there is an eventual limit based on feasibility but cannot describe exactly where), 0-&gt;100% down, it can never be 101% down and if you were around a few years ago the drop was more volatile and significant then the usual market rumbles. Something to research and learn about the market to improve it. In earlier cases like this other events happened, but would you say the cluster of events increased the loss in trust, or would one event overshadow the others, or would it be more controlled market manipulation etc. Hence part of the gamble is working the probability out &amp; knowing no one answer would be exact.
@_date: 2018-01-18 20:25:23
That circulating bit is a trick. The number lost, stolen, misappropriated into holds, etc. Sure there is a number mined but they do not always remain in circulation and in a market like this that loss tends to matter a bit more. I do feel sorry for the guys whose harddrive or usb copies died, been through a flood &amp; loss myself so the feelings not just of wasted coins but of lost effort, (even if backup drives were relatively okish), would still hurt. Moved to multicity approach. Less probability.     
@_date: 2018-01-19 01:59:01
I remember a few years ago when there was a strong tech base, people who worked in infosec, mathematics, networks etc. There is almost an idealist viewpoint to much scientific endeavour. So vehemently opposed to bottom lines, sales, and unethical behaviour that there is a cognitive dissonance often to plan for it and a distaste in roles that include it above the development as a whole. Probably why the security team can be the grumpiest of the bunch, (after the ops of course). The ideal of trust and faith in the cryptocurrency market is palpable. But as the mix has had an influx in the last year it has had to rush into known issues at speed. 
While the mathematics may perform similarly enough for financial investors perhaps the market still has enough of a idealist sentiment to behave differently to investors who have been bloodied and know all too well the risks, how to critically measure &amp; compare gains, the analytical tricks, and know more prior cases of market manipulation. 
I am searching for a better gauge of markets and still trying to assess measures of trust. Things like online share/commodities trading, investment &amp; banking have been around for a while. But in many ways it is often the sentiment which drives the value, not the actual value itself so the social component has become even more hardwired in. The decentralisation, separatism or lack of regulatory approach, the ability to develop technical improvements, rush to production across the network, and retraction back to offline security is a mixture of massive changes to those older methods of assessing trust. While the cryptocurrency market is more volatile and risky now, it will have the chance to extend much longer if the base moves more towards integrity than greed. 
Very tricky though, everyone has hopes &amp; who wants to compromise for overall health in the market. Does the community end up with decentralised regulation standards and checks? I know the mods have standards &amp; group health to look out for but I hope, (for their workload), they don't need to start policing the financial ethics &amp; practices in subreddits too. That is not what reddit is for. 
@_date: 2018-01-23 13:34:45
Right but that is more than in millions of accounts. Really this is a game where anything less than $10 would not be worth transacting and withdrawing until it is pumped up higher. Even then I would go with attempting to reduce deposits and withdrawals to literally nothing before using it as a payment currency. Otherwise the convenience of online or idealism costs too much over a year. For many they are ok with the costs of convenience if it provides extremely good benefits (e.g. credit cards and ease of use overseas to currency trading, paying in hard cash &amp; reducing dust). Sure the more you own the more you can ignore those fees. But often it is the principle &amp; frugality which entices people to reduce &amp; avoid fees regardless of whether they could afford them. Like those with paper wallets even though they could afford a better shiny hardware one that can be made more secure.    
@_date: 2018-01-19 02:14:41
Sorry to seem insulting, I meant trick as in mathematical trick (interesting calculating or analytical method), not trick as in deception. As the component missing is an unknown quantity even though it there on the blockchain, (much like my dusty unspent bunch kept for nostalgia). How the value &amp; memory adjusts to that would be curious. Especially since it would likely be spread to other forks &amp; similar. Likewise the memory used for storing potentially unused wallets, (small at first but plans are for the total created to grow orders above). Eventually how many accidents would it take for a significant amount to build up, (which is where I thought you were alluding to, future dev updates etc). Cheers 
@_date: 2018-01-19 17:03:45
Yeah, I mean for ages it had a shining beacon on a cliff. That worked, it is still working. It has banks, governments, regulators, market manipulators, old investors, new investors jumping in. Not the mainstream spenders in local though but in other countries that works far better, and in others they are banning it because of the extremely high manipulation risks. There is development in play. This tech will evolve. 5-10 years in this industry in the same form? Unlikely. I think the game plan &amp; dev was always to move beyond. Even the regulatory rumbles are trying to clean up the clear cases of theft and manipulation, not always successfully. But there are now many more engineers, mathematicians, network ops, developers etc working in the field that we can say a new specialisation is settled in and we can revel in it's growth. 
I have a deep divide in my mind though. The speculation &amp; market manipulation, fraud, theft, ponzis, pyramids, shills, investors in for only for volatile gains almost exist on another level. They use the system, but only so much as it gives them value to others misfortune. When the next punctuated evolution happens, they will easily flow on to the next bright thing, but can the harm be minimised. There are a lot of growth pains, slipping education, hanlon's razor. The beacon will not go out, but that does not mean it should be allowed to degrade to lead people to break onto the cliffs. 
I am annoyed that this system built on information trust in the tech has so so little trust built in where it actually was always needed the most. The whole separation from corruption by separation from "mainstream" &amp; "regulated" idealists got it wrong. The corruption was always the people. Systems can always be built to trust each other &amp; communicate securely, even to accommodate mistakes and right wrongs. But the unethical &amp; greed driven people. They were the problem to begin with. They are the problem now. They are the fracking cliffs the beacon was built on.  
You may be right. Both of us are looking at different ends of the same evolution. One system morphed out from it's idealised first form and the darkness being flooded in the light with sharp relief.
 
@_date: 2018-01-23 10:22:39
Has anyone else here seen the movie Pi? 
@_date: 2018-01-23 13:48:22
Indeed, but the question may not only include transaction fee cost but added exchange cost with the cryptocurrency of choice (bit trickier as they can be across multiple currencies). However you will not likely see stats or data on exchange cost in depositing fiat fees etc (as they never publish those transactions, protected from public view, public being everyone not given green security clearance). So best bet is seeing if there is a fixed amount volume in/out per exchange, make some exceedingly broad estimates based on average transaction size in fiat, over most exchanges, fudge factor the lot and you will get an incredibly rough estimated additional cost on top of cryptocurrency fees &amp; exchange additional fees in chosen cryptocurrency. Essentially just the simple payments can be tracked easily, or the lot tracked for yourself &amp; for someone you have all the data for. But market wide is a messy spill of best rough guessing. It makes taxes more of a nightmare for investments in multiple cryptocurrencies, especially if also mining (triple the nightmare/paperwork). In essence the available transaction fees alone are a lower boundary.
@_date: 2018-01-23 13:09:54
Like cancer will let you plan. Medical bills will often break plans down to dust. Seen quite a few people left with no money to their name and no physical ability to work. Charities are not able to help either because they work off charity. Given how well many countries provide support you can guarantee not being in a position to have spare money in a bank account. Granted that would mean they would have less ability to use a card to go into overdraft but if the condition is unexpected people will often go into overdraft without realising the added debt it puts them at &amp; the new lack of ability to hold debt. Debt, disability &amp; poverty is a bad mix. 
@_date: 2018-01-27 08:55:40
Good free advertising but this has been happening a lot in my country. Numerous property owners with slightly suss properties claim they will accept bitcoin offers (regardless that the transaction amount is equivalent to a fixed dollar amount with no negotiation, and it is only bitcoin to the point it clears the lawyers). Essentially national and global advertising for free, or at least for the cost it takes to make multi-million plus transactions on the bitcoin network at a single time, (which is a bad plan to start with). You can bet the legals do not hold the bitcoin much longer and the owner is pretty much betting on fame negating negotiation and having to more accurately price the land. That's the trouble with the local property bubble, none of the locals can afford the next level of pricing gains for profit so it is time for larger flippers to turn to the global wallets. Once at that point it really all boils down to a currency transaction. So long as enough local money comes out the other end there is no difference.
@_date: 2018-01-18 16:23:39
Oh dear, you do realise that a 20% drop say 12,000-&gt;9,600 is more than a 20% gain 9,600-&gt;11,520. It is a rise but not the same amount, e.g. a compare the percentages in doubling vs a half, yes they are significantly different. Hence the drop has more significance than the rise using the same percentage. I will be keeping an avid eye on the exact words of South Korea, Japan's market in next couple of months and India. If South Korea show preference to their own bank's cryptocurrency but decide to hardline the others I will not be celebrating immediately with another spending spree. The Asian countries may have more influence over the shape of things to come if only because they move faster and more definitively. If this is going to make the market bias more towards Europe, America and Africa for a while it will still be able to be strong but the shift has still got my coins on exchange ready for all trades buy/sell (and I am also more annoyed at that). The synchronicity of the market is noticeable.  
@_date: 2018-01-23 13:12:21
You are discounting the incredible wealth of a mostly functioning body. Lose that as well, land into a tortured state and you cannot pay your dues &amp; have free functional time. 
@_date: 2018-01-23 13:00:18
Playing devils advocate I have seen this situation before. 
Family with disability needs, gets hit by a truck in nearby lane merging into them; medical expenses, lost work, no health insurance (because of unrelated genetic disorder but means no insurance company will let them open account/buy plan), work insurance does not cover &amp; even a brain injury/physical trauma can take months or years to recover from. No chance to sue company and company driver refuses to wait for police to assess so no help there (unfortunately often where a company &amp; staff causes physical harm they walk scot free). Sure many people may have 5-6months emergency savings with a back up facility to last a year and a bit, but at the point of 1-2 years you will be in the same queue at the foodbank as those who cannot manage a budget (even when trying to supplement with radical diet changes, dumpster diving, eating off uneaten plates etc). Literally living of $1 of food a day is not hard to budget &amp; manage long term, but $1 a week is. Add in medical expenses and you have the epitome of some with excellent planning but being extremely hard up. 
You may be lucky and able to rely on what charities &amp; the state can help with. But preventing a bank account go into overdraft or to avoid higher interest debts at that point though is rule no.1: Never agree to an unscheduled loan with a higher cost and interest when knowing you cannot commit to regular minimum payments i.e. taking on more debt with high interest is flawed, (with the definition of high being comparable to the situation). If you still have a mortgage in the case above banks &amp; other facilities can arrange things like payment holidays which offer a break from payments for a period, payment restructuring, things like revolving mortgages short term which allow you to access money from the equity of the home at no larger, or great interest rate and take from the revolving loan to pay the fixed for a short period etc. This is all contingent on foodbanks and dumpster diving being possible and someone not taking on high loans loans that are unrealistic and unable to be negotiated for repayment. Otherwise it can be worse. Some people need to resort to crime, others to begging (even on charity websites), living rough/going bush etc. Everyone adjusts to different standards. Unfortunately people do not get to choose the country &amp; protections for the lower classes &amp; less able.
You may still be left praying you will recover in that time. Recovering to work, especially in the same field though can be neigh impossible with some medical issues e.g. MS, MD, terminal etc. But in most accident injury cases most people find work they can adjust to and start rebuilding an emergency &amp; retirement fund. 
Oh yeah being able to access the retirement fund in cases of extreme &amp; medical need can be important and some countries will restrict access even during those times. The fund is not much use if you cannot get to retirement to use it so a good idea to check the conditions and the risk of any emergency investment/savings.
If only people had a mad aversion to risky and high interest loans. Didn't the US have better regulations prior protecting customers more from dodgy loan dealers preying on them? Often it is the increase in regs that allows fairer contracts, less false advertising, smaller fees, clearer investment risks, open &amp; clear communication, refunds due to bank errors etc. The public should be pushing for those regs, not because they themselves need them but because they might need them in future and likely other people need them now. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 09:29:06
I too was caught back by it not being an official verb but apparently in [Urban Dictionary] ( 'nerding out' is one. It is just a bit weird to grok.
@_date: 2018-03-21 09:46:34
[In the year 2525...] (
In the year 2525, if man is still alive
If woman can survive, they may find
In the year 3535
Ain't gonna need to tell the truth, tell no lie
Everything you think, do and say
Is in the pill you took today
In the year 4545
You ain't gonna need your teeth, won't need your eyes
You won't find a thing to chew
Nobody's gonna look at you
In the year 5555
Your arms hangin' limp at your sides
Your legs got nothin' to do
Some machine's doin' that for you
In the year 6565
You won't need no husband, won't need no wife
You'll pick your son, pick your daughter too
From the bottom of a long glass tube
Whoa whoa...
@_date: 2018-03-18 11:43:20
So are oysters. Pearls of wisdom can occur from trade in both.
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:15:14
It was accidental. The mistake did get picked up for a few puns though, more along the lines of glue instead of a computer function.
@_date: 2018-02-11 09:11:11
[Don't worry about Phil, he drives a corvette he is doing just fine] (
@_date: 2018-02-06 14:34:00
You cannot hodl what someone has stolen. Mt Gox was not an event you could hodl through. Likely result is still chalk it up to total loss of funds.
@_date: 2018-02-20 15:04:50
Regulation and Trump,... who is going to explain what it is to him? Surely it is a bit too far too expect it all to be wrapped up in a 2min minute Fox &amp; friends interlude. Also does he even know what the SEC does, or even what SEC stands for? (Seriously asking, I haven't checked the presidential collation of tweets lately).
@_date: 2018-02-21 17:07:55
Nice simplified picture on the ',' '.' switching. [Imperial vs Metric countries image] ( (mostly a USA vs the rest of the world)
But the imperial system is worse (especially in engineering project conversions). Not sure why Liberia &amp; Myanmar are the only other countries using imperial system but perhaps imports have something to do with it.   
@_date: 2018-02-11 09:07:04
Not flaming likely. Most the smart money is using the fuel for smoke bombs to get repeated cycles of pump and dumps (they don't even hold in the original leaf account for on average anything longer than 30min). When normal people enter that system they are food for someone else's game fishing.
@_date: 2018-02-06 14:00:36
Indeed while stock indexes drop 5% the cryptocurrency market asks "hold my beer". The whale jumps are still there though. So some crash with a touch of correction and a dash of market slump and it will be back on track.
@_date: 2018-02-15 06:44:04
Ouch in my country that would not get you an ex meth lab state home in the main cities. 
Still props though. Getting to the next stage is always hard. I used some of my coins to pay down a mortgage and get a deposit for the next one. Housing is one thing it can be very hard to live without with a family. I hope you have a much better housing market to move into and you can buy in sans mortgage.
@_date: 2018-02-21 17:27:38
Store pricing will be fun and non standardised for a while during adoption but the likelihood of stores listing BTC mainstream is still theoretical so the concerns of that can be kicked down the road a bit. After all it is dealing with online systems (and outside of the data type &amp; storage concerns which normally just a catch for junior devs), where the main adoption is at the moment. Even many of the BTC credit cards were using fiat instead for a bit so the can was instead being traded for another object to kick down the road. Might be an idea to see how Japan is doing. 
@_date: 2018-03-09 12:28:37
Don't forget to bring the lime wedges.
@_date: 2018-03-17 10:27:48
Peter Thiel's statements are ludicrous and unfortunate to the technology image. [My country was paid to accept an arsehole named Thiel as a citizen] ( The joke was on him though, the internet, network &amp; power services in this country can be rough (especially during poor weather where he [landed]( Peter Thiel would be better off advising bottle caps as a currency when the world falls apart  Because when the world falls apart accessible working power &amp; network infrastructure is not going to be guaranteed or reliable. Even after the major earthquake years later services are still rough and many parts of the country are cut off from a minor storm. If you cannot update the ledger it is not a working blockchain. There is an [RFC protocol for pigeons] ( but I seriously doubt all Bitcoin holders can manage their wallet &amp; transactions through pigeon, (easier to eat the rats with wings then train them). We would land back to trades in cash substitutes or physical resources when the world falls apart. People would be better off at that point arranging sources for clean drinking water &amp; long term home power supplies that require little maintenance after a couple of decades. Heck with the recent natural hazards and damage people should be better prepared for loss of internet &amp; other services already. The civil defence cannot do it all for them, (not even enough sandbags are available before the storms and [water resources have killed people here due to contamination] ( Another year, another town wasted and it is still only March in summer. Winter is coming Thiel. 
@_date: 2018-02-15 07:47:37
Argh, that bitconnect clip again. I swear it is wrecking my hearing. Wait a sec, the guy brought into Sims 4? Huh, I guess those walls see a lot of poster space for sale.
@_date: 2018-02-11 03:09:55
Bitfury hopefully will reduce some of that to identify dodgy addresses. Not much though, after all they are relatively easy to just create a new one at the drop of a hat. What transacts through those addresses though should not necessary be corruptible. Police don't go through a criminal's shopping receipts to retrieve money paid to local dairies and supermarkets for milk and bread. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 08:00:15
Some whales have been migrating, shift in seasons and ocean warming. You see the thing is with this tech you can track their movements. It is better than a gps tag. The lead up was a slow boil.
@_date: 2018-02-11 03:06:32
Er they do, normally it is properties though and the legal requirements have this lovely loophole. Unlike cryptocurrencies where the hole is actually a ocean cliff. In many ways people could just be complaining about the cliff being a wider drop than the hole. You cannot say they are wrong, it is wider. But then again the hole is much deeper. Money laundering is so prevalent it can span multiple industries and methods. It does not mean that cryptocurrencies shouldn't tighten the standards to at least be as difficult to use to launder money as others. At the moment the local supermarket drug deals of hundreds of thousands are less conspicuous now. They still have the issue of logistics for delivery but I am sure those creative fellas will think of something else. After all we have so much come in it starts getting funny: [Large Diamante horse head stuffed with cocaine - though normally it is meth from Asia] ( 
@_date: 2018-02-11 03:29:01
I wish I could upvote this more. So many businesses with Win 10 have hours of downtime due to Windows 10 Updates, (even corrupted machines and lost work). Windows Update - the supervillain you can never stop. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 08:11:40
Even a 5% movement in the Dow once or twice a year looks like a day in the park by comparison. Higher volatility is and will always be a problem. That being said it makes for times. The 2:45pm flash crash event for the old guard market was a lesson in humility for technology development. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 13:49:14
Huh I find the 'for the damage coda' background music on 1 hour extended rather relaxing when checking market news [Clip with the background of 'for the damaged coda' piece at end] ( but then I also find comfortably numb good too. Go figure. 
@_date: 2018-02-21 17:02:03
I feel your pain, (had to localise a couple projects for global financial services, unfortunately for terribly managed content). It becomes second nature after a while but the tax &amp; VAT differences still get me a bit when dealing with online services, licenses &amp; application costs. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 09:08:43
True that. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:59:28
Well did some volunteering teaching an array of 4-7 years olds how to code games and work with physics environment level design, and intros to web page design. They handled intro tutorials fine.
There was also a local scheme for free computers, internet, and maintenance for a year for disadvantaged families with kids in primary schools with coding &amp; app classes for parents as well (some did not have power &amp; a phone line at home so they would walk a laptop to the local marae for charging). Kids were quite quick on getting into it. Families were more goal orientated though. In the next level of schooling kids would get to develop in python, javascript, design sites with php &amp; wordpress, and code for the class 3D printer. 
May just require some community assistance but families with computers &amp; classes on using them have kids who do better at school (a couple of studies showed some striking results). Most the schools may not have the teachers who can guide &amp; offer classes but with local government assistance it can be quite widespread. Often professionals from different ends of the industry &amp; membership with the local professional body would donate &amp; volunteer time for different classes. Quite hopeful really as some of the most impoverished schools where tertiary costs of 2-3k fees would be so far beyond the students they could be introduced through apprenticeships instead, and they had the most intelligent questions &amp; confidence to ask. 
So a 16 yr old, providing a short app pulling data down in realtime. Yeah totally feasible. Bit of a shame then. Because being given an answer &amp; encouraging unethical behaviour is far worse than not helping. Even Uni students learn better fixing a broken app with guidance than just being given tutorial answers to help them cheat.
@_date: 2018-02-04 13:42:12
Well you really cannot expect an exchange to put a customer first when they are directly in competition with their customers. Captain and crew get the first lifeboats, passengers can go down with the ship. However what is in their best interest is for the market to stretch out a bit more time, and for more of the wealth to gravitate up to the top wallets with enough time to make safe transfers in to low volatility stores. The change in the wallet coin distribution in the past few days is striking. But using customers as another way to mine coins through fees &amp; making profit from spreads in competition, that is Abe's exodus levels of dark. You don't want to spook the herd on the way to the abattoir.
@_date: 2018-02-07 06:14:01
Have some care for the people with whom invested money was not meaningless and lost their funds at the time. They certainly cannot say they could hold. Real people, with real families, lost their real savings.
Even our family knew a couple who lost funds due to this but they did have a completely different &amp; earlier entrance into the market. The saturation in our country was much larger around then. Bitcoin ATMs at conferences, offices, public talks &amp; lectures. Now it is closer to having to accept the exchange dominated network regardless of the widespread service availability, fees, security, &amp; feature issues or back of the bar atms &amp; trades. Most the contraction was due to several exchanges dropping service, losing account funds, losing access &amp; closing. The likelihood is the large customer boost of the past 2 months would no longer appreciate the promise of quick to mid term gains with the ability to live off them in the interim. Yet the market will continue regardless. It finds a way. 
Some people can chortle that they were able to make it out ok and everyone should be able to walk away with millions. This is not one of those times you can gloat.   
@_date: 2018-02-06 14:05:37
Yeah they normally operate with quite a mixed message. They have requirements, no they will not clearly state them in a guide, and normally it is the exchange that loses account access, not the exchange customers. Go figure. Really there was no threat of them blocking purchases and deposits from accounts to exchanges en masse, so that news is more a false positive. Almost not even worth the time writing, (the source must be drawing from a bad well who could not check the dets). Perhaps a hangover from the credit card restrictions spreading in US? 
Australasia has the KYC/AML moves and the US is going through a "you cannot use business credit to place trades" shift. Neither are too worrying for the market because 1. you can use your own cash instead, and 2. most the exchanges have to get details for reports and legal requirements anyway. 
Probably more worrying if credit card limits were how somebody was trading in the first place. Borrow debt with high interest for high risk? Yeah, and the horse with the red nose will come first in the next race as well. No one can guarantee gains.
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:21:12
Overall something like this is quite common though. Lot's of teenagers get adults work, capital and contacts they can market for their own "business ends". A few millionaire kids businesses have resulted from this (although often the parents are millionaires as well). However learning how to set up, manage and market the business is normally the aim of the game. So in that regard the task was a success outside of the ethical quandary. But if going into business, ethics normally hold people back more. Including being humble &amp; honest. Hopefully it will be another lesson learned.
@_date: 2018-03-12 12:26:26
"Aaand I’m lost... I am officially lost, down the back of the fridge with a warranty card and a missing rice cooker attachment." Seems to sum up nicely the view from your state of mind. But those X-Files episodes certainly come in handy to help bridge the gap, (I assume you missed the inherent comedy in the comedy episodes). Please at no time start watching Monty Python's Flying Circus, I don't think you are ready for surrealism yet. 
@_date: 2018-02-21 17:16:10
How many died trying to get there, (including the Russians leading previous space achievements), and why not send a robot like a sufficiently advanced culture. Sure from the country which claims the first man on top of Everest but no one is casting it as more than a symbolic achievement. A person on the moon offers no standard of engineering excellence for a country or system of measurement. In fact it shows prioritising grandstanding over human life and more relevant scientific research today.
@_date: 2018-02-04 16:32:03
Will keep on trading in the game,
Some exchanges change, some will stay the same... 
@_date: 2018-02-06 14:30:45
Wow, back then someone, (not the singer), was blaming a ddos? Tech news must have migrated differently on that grapevine. Jump forward to now and customers still are not whole from theft. Nice voice. Great video prep &amp; timing.
@_date: 2018-03-02 04:01:51
Except Rabobank is far more concerned with sheep, cows and a lot of farming debt &amp; investment support (especially locally), and higher 2fa security than most banks... Not sure where OP gets his idea of belief in massive widespread bank adoption or even Rabobank involvement in cryptocurrencies since they have just written the rote outline any risks, no matter how small, to investors brief (even the copy editor sounds like they are slipping in to a dull snooze like the OP must of). 
"Cryptocurrency involves serious risks, some of which have not been identified, such as in the areas of security and legislation. Rabobank's policy is only to use applications that are 100 percent reliable and sound. However, it is very important for the bank to stay in touch with the rapid and promising developments in the field of IT." OP certainly dipped off before that block. With the closing "For now, paper money and coinage will continue to exist as normal. I do not see this disappearing. Cryptocurrency will exist alongside the other forms of money we are familiar with.'". 
Rabobank also have far more concerns in changing pricing for milk globally and their impairments. So not a bold a step for man, more another moo for coin kind. 
Someone wake OP up so they can delete this thread. It does not even bear witnessing. Even Aussie banks like ASB made a similar statement months ago and they cut Cryptopia off last month. Colour anyone without any nous surprised in a mauve shade.  
@_date: 2018-02-06 13:52:57
What about the jackets?
@_date: 2018-02-05 13:25:04
And you guys were new to presidents like Trump. Here was our 9 years "winner" [Listen to Us - Homebrew, statement that National with John Key was the more of trickle down, casual racism] (
What you get is music and scathing social satire flourish during rough periods. 
[shots from several events like nuclear free protests and the rainbow warrior greenpeace ship being attacked, protests against South Africa apartheid during Spring box tour, lot's of the PM in moments he would not remember etc]
At least the politicians are not safe from dildo's
[John Oliver on Steven Joyce dildo shot] (
 and statues made from cow manure
@_date: 2018-02-21 16:58:14
Read up on numeric localisation. There are many more ways of representing numeric quantities which differ significantly. Once you read a couple of the main ones it is easy to switch between them. Although assuming reddit is a mainly USA reader base would be doing it a disservice. 
@_date: 2018-02-10 08:57:58
Pot calling the kettle black. Trouble is though while both could be used for money laundering, one has minimal regulations and the other has minimal historic transaction records and neither acts as a suitable deterrent. It is well known as an issue in both industries. If either wanted to prevent money laundering they would have better controls. KYC/AML is the bottom of the barrel and far too easy to get around. Unfortunately many shell companies do, and often it is using both options for financial transfer. 