@_author: pacificavenue
@_date: 2014-05-10 00:38:28
When I say "distributed database", here's what I mean:
- 
- 
The listing "MPTSTOCK" is embedded directly into the Bitcoin blockchain. Its price, issuance date, quantity available and other critical data are replicated across the globe inside the Bitcoin blockchain. The only way a tyrant could destroy this MPTSTOCK listing is to wipe out every bitcoin full node and counterparty full node in existence. That is what I'd call distributed and censorship resistant.
I've heard OpenBazaar is using ZeroMQ for its P2P aspect, but it isn't clear to me how ZeroMQ alone can persist data in a manner comparable to the blockchain where data is guaranteed to be available, authentic and secure for as long as the Bitcoin network is around. This without ever relying on trusted third parties.
@_date: 2014-03-04 19:16:30
A financial war with Russia can only result in Putin taking every measure possible to undermine the status of the USD as world reserve currency.
The West now cannot afford to be seen as "cracking down" on Bitcoin. Putin will interpret a Bitcoin crackdown as a weakness to be exploited.
This marks the beginning of the rise of trustless mixing and decentralized exchanges.
@_date: 2014-04-21 04:59:24


Actually, if you truly love the blockchain, you'd refrain from using it altogether. Keeps blockchain bloat to a minimum.


Yet another thinly veiled threat from the blockchain bloat nazis.


Sounds great. I look forward to your new fork of Bitcoin, and seeing you set up merge mining and you doing all of that on top of developing a best in class blockchain notarization application with the same guaranteed availability as maraoz's Bitcoin-based solution, all in your spare time.
@_date: 2014-04-10 05:18:27
Adam I wish I could get a very simple answer to this question.
Can users move from BTC to a sidecoin back to BTC at a predetermined exchange rate?
Does your system make distributed exchange itself unnecessary?
@_date: 2014-04-11 15:41:55
A 51% attack on a sidecoin can lead to stolen BTC. It's a drastically different security model than Bitcoin.


True, they offer the *chance* to receive the security of the Bitcoin mining network, but they receive the opposite by default.
Conversely, metalayers *actually* inherit the Bitcoin blockchain's flawless security record in full. It's a night-day difference.
As for the incentive structure behind sidecoins, if you're going to take a conversion fee or some other type of fee on sidecoins, I have to wonder what the difference is between your sidecoin and something like Mastercoin that takes a fee for a small group of developers on every transaction, or something like Ethereum that intends to reward a small group of developers greatly.


Sounds anti-competitive.
@_date: 2014-04-13 03:11:56


I think if you're going to put low value as in coffee uses onto a sidechain that takes 2 days to convert to, or one that you need to purchase on an exchange, that's a big extra step added for a lot of BTC users. I can see it working if there was support for sidechains across popular Bitcoin wallets, and better yet if they were sold at Coinbase. Sidechains for micropayments wouldn't be so bad, but if by low value you mean Starbucks, it would have to abstracted somehow if you intend it to see major use.
We're already unsure how Bitcoin, left entirely untampered with, will play out. It's not just a technical problem. If we're seeing VISA transaction volumes, presumably everyone with 10000 BTC to their name will be wealthy enough to afford several datacenters of their own. I would expect 1 BTC to be worth $100,000 or more at the 2000 tps level, which means we're about 2000X the size. At that level, Bitcoin affects fiat monetary policy in a big way. But it could be a long time before that happens. It may never happen. Will a datacenter be necessary to run Bitcoin full nodes in the year 2040 or 2050? Are we really ready to give up on the full node scene already? Is it honestly unsalvageable beyond repair?
@_date: 2014-05-12 14:33:49


Great question, and one that highlights the difference between OpenAssets and Counterparty.
First, OpenAssets is run by the guys behind Predictious, a centralized binary betting and predictions market. Their strategy is to combine this centralized market with decentralized asset issuance. I'll have to point out here how binary betting markets are illegal in numerous jurisdictions. Also, when you deregulate predictions markets, you potentially get things like decentralized assassination markets, markets for predicting political events, wars, and so on. All of this is probably illegal according to your government.
XCP is needed for decentralized betting on binary options and for asset issuance. It isn't needed for buying and selling assets, nor is it needed for creating distributed data feeds. To create a distributed data feed you need only pay a BTC fee to miners.
Counterparty takes more of a decentralized freemium model that scales to fill scary niches. Not saying it's better or worse, just saying it's a very different approach, and one that simply must be done considering.
Finally, Counterparty can't magically sign future transactions with your BTC private keys, no Bitcoin wallet can do that without gaining control over the private keys. So while you can trade BTC directly for stocks on Counterparty, the fine print reads that you'll have to keep your wallet open throughout in order for that trade to execute, since your private keys need to sign a finalizing transaction for a given BTC trade to go through.
Conversely, with a native Counterparty asset like XBTC, the trade can be set to autonomously execute. You can setup the trade, close down your computer and go about your business. The private keys sign *one* special transaction with a data payload of the form `CNTRPRTY: buy 100 LTBCOIN for 0.00001 XBTC each`, and you're done. XCP has the effect of enhancing the user experience of [Counterwallet]( but it isn't strictly needed.
@_date: 2014-04-10 22:41:41
Oh yes, both Ethereum and sidecoins are severely lacking in the real world usage department. Both ideas sound really compelling but the little details are what matters, and I've learned that you just can't trust people when it comes to money. Not me, not you, and definitely not startup companies. Both projects have tremendous hustle but actions speak louder than words.
@_date: 2014-04-19 22:56:34
I think this is the most interesting real application of sidechains. That is, derivatives, futures, options, and stock trading. That's what Austin Hill seemed mostly excited about in his interview, and I suspect sidechains have a lot to do with Freimarkets. If you look up Freimarkets, you'll see it requires changes to the core Bitcoin protocol to be viable, and I think those changes are what sidechains are pushing for.
I don't see sidechains working to obsolete random altcoins for multiple reasons:
1. You need to negotiate mining contracts with GHash.io and other large centralized mining pools to have any semblance of security on *one* sidechain owned by *one* organization, which requires a top-down organizational structure. As has been pointed out repeatedly, without this negotiation of mining power, a 51% attack is trivial to pull off and results in stolen BTC. Amateur hour sidecoins just wouldn't work well.
2. It would take 2 days to convert between Bitcoins and sidecoins. In short, most people would end up buying sidecoins on exchanges, just like altcoins
3. You can't send a sidecoin to a BTC address, or vice versa. Sidechains do not directly interoperate with existing Bitcoin wallets, you'd need a specialty sidecoin wallet for each sidecoin, just like with altcoins; else you'd need a multicurrency wallet, just like with altcoins
Sidecoins as I understand them would develop into altcoin-like communities, since it's not going to be easy to convert back and forth. People are imagining sidechains would flow like water, while being oblivious to the security, mining centralization and daily usage implications of it.
Several members of the sidechain core team, namely Freidenbach and [Jorge Timón]( have been pushing for a concept called Freimarkets, which, like sidechains, requires changes to the Bitcoin core protocol to function and be viable.
Feel free to do research on Freimarkets, google it. In the "kill all altcoins" hype, can't be evil slogans, and based on Austin Hill's statements in the LTBCoin interview, all signs IMO are pointing to them working on derivatives, futures, and options trading on sidechains. That's probably what they want to use sidechains for, and conveniently, it would appear Freimarkets would only work if sidechains goes through as a concept. This also would explain Freidenbach's constant name calling, FUDing and bashing of competing distributed exchange approaches, especially that of Counterparty.


With BitUndo at large, would you feel comfortable selling your house for BTC without a minimum of 1 confirmation? What about liquidating your position in the stock market for BTC? Would you be willing to take it on 0 confirmations? If so, you're insane. Blockchains don't do HFT, even ones with 10 second blocks. The important part is you can buy and sell stocks for BTC directly. Counterparty does that. It's censorship resistant, decentralized, open source, completely unregulated, and secure so long as the Bitcoin blockchain remains secure. It may be slow, but I think once we see Silk Road 5 go public on Counterparty and you can buy in with BTC directly, you might end up taking another look at this censorship resistant stock market because your bottom line profits will depend on your doing so.
@_date: 2014-03-20 06:43:39
The silk road "debacle"? Business is about profit, by any means necessary, and how do you keep as much of the profit as you can. The government wants half of what I earn every year, for what? So they can mismanage the funds for me? That's MY right.
If you think modern day business owners are the pinnacle of chivalry, I have a bridge to sell you.
@_date: 2014-03-23 15:08:35
I'd advise you to look into so called "Bitcoin 2.0" platforms, i.e. decentralized stock trading. The technical foundation for this is already coming together.
Instead of having to enlist the help of an intermediary to raise money, businesses around the world will be able to raise an IPO round directly, with or without giving ID, with or without the idea of the century, based on merit alone.
There's no limit to how much money you can raise, or for what, on an [open source P2P platform](
- 
- 
- 
@_date: 2014-04-26 16:49:47
[System D]( is worth upwards of 10% of GDP in developed nations (USA, UK, Australia), and 40% of GDP in developing nations.
- Canada: $110 billion
- Germany: $300 billion
- Japan: $550 billion
- USA: **$864 billion**
That's nothing to sneeze at.


The Silk Road bust was what sparked the late 2013 price runup, before China got involved the bust was what fueled it. You think it's a bad thing? I'd beg to differ, the SR appeals to a wide variety of people all over the world. Drugs and guns are useful everywhere and to every single person on the planet. Mainstream this and that is just so much more *nebulous*. Where is the appeal? I'm squinting my eyes to see it. PayPal isn't sexy.


No, and I don't *care*.
@_date: 2014-03-25 20:19:55
You're right, I read too deeply into your criticism. You'll have to excuse me, but most of the others saying "Counterparty must be this this and that other thing because Mike Hearn said XYZBBQ is better" are completely uninformed and it is just excruciatingly painful to read through. My apologies.
@_date: 2014-05-21 16:21:01
It's good to have a diversity of hashing algorithms, but I don't care if it's X11, Scrypt or SHA256, *all* mining farms *will* be centralized due to efficiencies of scale.
You can't do anything to prevent centralization of PoW mining short of a move to Proof of Stake.
But it's still not as simple as that.
Contrary to popular belief, you don't need to own 51% of any PoS coin to 51% attack it, not even close. [See the latest 51% attack on a PoS coin]( This coin was effectively decimated by a 51% attacker who had far fewer than 51% of total coins in existence.
Because only a small fraction of the total coin supply in a PoS coin will be left out in the open on network-reachable unencrypted full nodes for staking, PoS security is sketchy. The only way to incentivize staking in PoS is to pay an interest rate to users, and unfortunately the higher the interest rate, the higher the inflation. Security in PoS effectively rests on centralized ownership over the total coin supply regardless of the inflation rate, since you'd need titan hodlers to stake millions of coins constantly to maintain security. This stinks for fair distribution. Besides, the higher the inflation, the lower is the appeal to users who can't be convinced to perform the staking because in the PoS system everyone loses purchasing power constantly except for the people doing the staking.
Ultimately big players in Bitcoin are going to need private security, media contacts, and so on. Essentially they will be doing the same things as modern day elites just on the basis of an infinitely more fair currency system which can't be debased to fund endless warfare and welfare.
@_date: 2014-04-13 03:41:01
ELI5 atomic coin swaps?


Raising the block size limit seems low risk to me with most downsides being theoretical people problems relating to what happens to the world when BTC sustains 2000 tps on average.


Yes but I would argue that objection hasn't been raised in a critical way. There's been no serious move to push full nodes because no one perceives it to be a problem or one that is profitable to solve.
@_date: 2014-05-13 17:39:26


If by "global financial system" you mean a native open source wallet which never connects to the Internet, never touches a spinning disk drive, can be transported across borders undetected, and doesn't have any of my personally identifiable information attached to it, then yes.
Not that anyone with a rudimentary understanding of Bitcoin doesn't already know this, but you can buy illegal guns and any drug you want anonymously with Bitcoin over Tor.
PS buying waterproof boots, penicillin and an assault rifle the legal way will render you, your family and close associates permanently on a list somewhere in Utah.
@_date: 2014-02-22 20:56:51
Bitcoin was going to be cracked down on, I thought? Volume numbers would suggest otherwise: 
@_date: 2014-04-09 22:29:31
How do users acquire units in a sidechain?
Say I have 1 BTC today, and we do a zerocoin-sidechain, and an Ethereum-sidechain, and a Counterparty-sidechain, and a Litecoin sidechain. In that case, does my 1 BTC automatically become "good" on each of those chains? Do I have to buy anything new?
This seems like a very compelling value proposition if so. Thanks for improving my understanding.
@_date: 2014-04-14 22:11:56
Allaire could be a bullshit artist, so at least there's some hope his words are meaningless and empty. This applies not just to Allaire but to Jeremy Liew and anyone else for that matter who thinks it's a splendid idea to present Bitcoin as a lower-fee version of PayPal for the masses. That's just not why people use Bitcoin. Spouting meaningless rhetoric like that may be good enough to fend off politicians and three letter agencies for the time being.
But only for the time being.
You can't play with matches and not expect to get burned. Bitcoin competes with the USD. There's only so much you can do to dress up this pig.
Tyrants kill rich people too.
@_date: 2014-05-12 00:56:36


You can buy and sell stocks on Counterparty directly for BTC. You can pay dividends in BTC. The only time you strictly *need* XCP is when issuing assets, or betting on binary options with or without leverage.
It should be noted the makers of Coinprism are behind Predictious, a centralized binary options and predictions platform which Counterparty challenges as a fully decentralized competitor.
@_date: 2014-04-21 21:37:53
You should watch [The Secret History of Silicon Valley]( by [Steve Blank]( Did you know Intel was originally funded by the American military?


Who says Intel isn't producing ASICs in secret in order to have enough units on-hand for a 51% attack on a moment's notice? The US has historically carried out sweeping violence in order to perpetuate US dollar hegemony. Bitcoin is a clear threat from their point of view, and the intelligence community is already surveilling the fuck out of all libertarians who are by and large early supporters of Bitcoin. The entire Bitcoin community is to the NSA what the civil rights movement was to J Edgar Hoover. So far we've been lucky enough not to see anyone "disappear" under mysterious circumstances.
You should also watch James De'Angelo's 51% attack video series. The [true cost of a 51% attack today for a chip foundry is less than $100M]( The Federal Reserve prints that much USD every single day. The US can completely destroy Bitcoin right now and this will remain true for well into the foreseeable future.
@_date: 2014-05-12 01:03:31
The bottom line is you can use BTC directly to buy and sell stocks on Counterparty which is a globally distributed platform completely devoid of regulation. You can't do HFT on any blockchain period. Blockchains just aren't good for latency arbitrage. Unconfirmed transactions is indeed an advantage, but I'd exercise caution before trusting 0 conf transactions for significant quantities of BTC with services like BitUndo around.
@_date: 2014-03-20 07:08:57
I think you fundamentally misunderstand the US Dollar and the privileges it affords Western nations through its ubiquity in international trade.
@_date: 2014-03-15 23:40:25
The takeaway here is that people need a really, *really* compelling reason to buy Bitcoin. No one is ever going to jump through all of these hoops because of lower fees, or compliance. The opposite is true.
The greatest promise of Bitcoin is its uptake in the System D and offshore asset protection markets which are worth trillions of dollars. Forget about Wall Street, Wall Street is a bubble, and everyone coming at Bitcoin from that angle is irrelevant.
Bitcoin can overthrow dictatorships, we're seeing that play out with Auroracoin. [LTBCoin]( is also interesting. See also [VBCoin]( These regional cryptocurrencies that are backed by Bitcoin are an important part of the future. The rise of Bitcoin 2.0 - decentralized prediction markets, futures, options and stock trading -  will inevitably lead to a major clash with regulators and three letter agencies.
The regulators have no good options. This is a win-win, but just make sure to buy as much crypto as you can afford when you do buy it. I know Bitcoin ATMs are good in theory, but I just can't see a world where anyone can walk into the corner store and exchange cash for BTC anonymously. That will be allowed after the collapse of Western society, but not before.
The more regulators talk about Bitcoin, the more legitimized Bitcoin and cryptocurrency become. And what does "legitimized" mean? It means our arguments are more accepted by the populace, and our arguments happen to include ancap philosophy.
Also, the more cryptocurrencies are talked about or feared by Western governments, the more interesting they become to nations like Russia and China and Iran from a policy standpoint. I suspect China is keenly aware of this given the [trading volume]( coming out of the major exchanges is beginning to eclipse everywhere else on the planet.
@_date: 2014-05-27 19:13:32


No, **you're a for-profit Kickstarter competitor posing as a non-profit Harvard-affiliated entity and taking people's money to support your business**.
This is abhorrent behavior, and the vague association with "perceived good" is *precisely* what attracts sociopaths to positions of power and authority.
All you're really doing here is tip-toeing around the fact you're advertising, and directly raising money for, a for-profit venture that is only *tangentially* related to cancer research. Even more pathetic, you're *abusing* the names of Harvard and MIT to facilitate your moral depravity. I wonder what representatives of these institutions would think about your behavior here.
You're just selfishly taking people's money to fund your business. Let's call it what it is.
You don't *care* about Bitcoin. Fuck yourself, what do *you* know about Bitcoin?
You're offering nothing in return for your investors in this thread, other than vague associations with supporting cancer research, when in fact, your platform is **generalized with no specific leaning towards cancer, nor even scientific research in general**. From the home page:


Need I say more?
@_date: 2014-03-22 21:45:36
FinCEN is going to commit untold fouls against Bitcoin businesses and entrepreneurs, in a desperate attempt to cover up the fact that the USD's world reserve status couldn't be sustained in a world where there is ubiquitous Bitcoin adoption.
Over a trillion dollars was found missing from the American government's defense budget prior to 9/11, during which a plane conveniently crashed into the exact section of the Pentagon where employees were auditing the defense budget for the trillions missing, killing everyone inside. Sure, money laundering is a risk, but does FinCEN care about money laundering when it's their people that do it? Money laundering isn't about consumer safety, it's pure politics.
They care only about their own empire which is collapsing in on itself. Think they're going to risk letting that happen without putting up a fight? Bitcoin ubiquity means no more US Dollar ubiquity, which means failed empire. As unavoidable as the collapse of the USD is, that isn't an acceptable reality for mouthpieces with guns.
You'd have to be out of your mind to live in America and still run a Bitcoin business.
@_date: 2014-04-10 05:21:08
I've read all I can on this topic. Can users move from BTC to a sidecoin back to BTC at a predetermined exchange rate? This much is still unclear to me.
@_date: 2014-06-09 03:55:13
It's not your fault, but you've missed my point completely. For that you can blame Silicon Valley VCs and self-righteous mouthpieces who came out of the woodwork in 2013 to make New York regulators think Bitcoin is something it isn't.
Bitcoin has always provided financial privacy and sovereignty to users where there wasn't any before.
Here are some shocking statistics, for you that is:
- The Brazilian black market is worth approx. $226.8 billion, which is 39.8% of Brazil's GNP
- The Russian black market is worth approx. $114.5 billion, 46,1% of Russia's GNP
- India: $104.7 billion, 23.1% of GNP
- China: $139.6 billion, 13.1% of GNP
- USA: **$864.6 billion**, 8.8% of GNP
[Source from 2000](
That's nothing to sneeze at. Bitcoin has the black market *cornered* online. Fantastic. That means easier access to drugs, guns and contraband in a much safer environment for the average person.
And besides, I don't want the government to have exactly what I'm saying, doing, or purchasing at any moment available a single click away with no judicial oversight. That's called fascism. It's worse than what the Stasi did in E. Germany.
Bitcoin and [Tor]( are both critical tools for our modern era, not just for adults but for young children. Who would *want* their child's every thought, action and mistake knowable by the government for all eternity? If you *do*, I hope your kids are smarter than you. And who wants to raise their kid in such a fascist, corrupt, banana republic? People have been fleeing dead-end societies since the dawn of time.
You, or your kids at a minimum, are going to have to use Tor eventually. And once you do start using Tor, you're going to realize Bitcoin is the only effective payment method.
Finally, when you offer your friends $100, do you really think they intend to use it to pay utility bills and taxes? They're going to spend it all on utility bills when Hell freezes over. Bitcoin buys the important things in life today, directly. You can transport it securely and anonymously, store it without access to the Internet or power, and there's not a damn thing anyone can do to stop it.
@_date: 2014-04-10 23:04:44
Firstly, it's impossible to outright replace full Bitcoin nodes with SPV nodes. The notion that Ethereum solves scalability with a special proofs system is interesting, but the notion that sidechains solve scalability "because SPV" is just *fiction*. SPV isn't a silver bullet. It doesn't magically create scalability.
The most popular Bitcoin wallet is Blockchain.info, a *thin client*. Electrum is another example of a thin client. Dark Wallet is a thin client. Coinbase is a thin client. The fact that colored coins use thin clients to scale is hardly a knock against colored coins. You don't need SPV at all! Just ask anyone who uses the Blockchain wallet.
The easiest way to double the transactions per second Bitcoin is capable of handling is to raise the 1MB block size limit to 2. The whole idea that Bitcoin can only scale if it's possible for your grandma to run a full node isn't rooted in reality, so we should not stick our heads in the sand about this issue while screaming SPV. Giving everyone SPV wallets will just add fuel to the fire of full node centralization while doing nothing to address core scalability issues.
@_date: 2014-06-03 03:22:42
1. Anonymizing coins hinges upon liquidity
2. Anonymizing coins is multifaceted
3. If there's any doubt as to whether something is open source, it's not open source.
Anonymity doesn't come neatly packaged, and it certainly doesn't come in a coin.
@_date: 2014-05-09 23:59:28
I get that this is an awesome thing, but so far I'm not impressed. Everyone loves to hype their latest invention as being "distributed" and "decentralized", but the fact is OpenBazaar is using a local MongoDB instance to persist data. According to your GitHub repo, the only suggested improvement to this is a switch to SQLite.
How can you possibly consider this "distributed"? Your DB exists only in one place at a time unless it is copied manually to other servers. No matter what, you'll have to involve a trusted third party to be the steward of the all important DB. Bitcoin solved this problem with a blockchain.
OpenBazaar needs censorship resistance, and trustlessness, or it will be subject to the same fate as Silk Road. MongoDB running on a couple servers just doesn't cut it.
I fail to see much of an advantage to your solution, when you could instead set up your own clone of Silk Road, add multisig, and match OpenBazaar feature-for-feature but have total control over the development process. It seems like this is what you'll end up doing with your time if nothing changes.
Until something is done about this, I'm going to keep thinking that you don't have a distributed platform, you have an open source platform that many individual organizations will run on their own, that don't really talk to each other or persist data in a trustless distributed manner as does Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-05-10 21:19:09
Sounds like you want to "own" an aesthetically pleasing arrangement of pixels, but prevent others from appreciating those pixels. From the article:


In other words, you want to derive value from the fact others can't fully appreciate an arrangement of pixels.


No, deriving value from exclusivity is wonderful for currency, but it largely defeats the point of digital art. Art is meant to be appreciated. Some people like to appreciate art by modifying it or, God forbid, sharing it with their peers, especially since there's no monetary cost to sharing tiny bits of data.
You're free to seek out "ownership" over original pixels, but GL with that. Or do you honestly need someone to point out the difference between counterfeiting currency and "counterfeiting" digital pixels?
@_date: 2014-05-14 03:14:51


Actually, the Fed publicly stated it was "tapering" QE to $65B per month during this time period. As of April 2014 QE is supposed to be tapered to $45B per month.
Interestingly, true monthly purchases were covertly *increased* by $35B, from $80B to $115B, as opposed to being *decreased* by $15B, to cover up the unusually large block sale of US Treasuries. It's a difference of $50B per month for several months consecutively, done specifically to mislead the public.
@_date: 2014-06-10 15:54:50


True, but then again there are *two* paths available to any upstart decentralized organization:
1. launch an appcoin, which could more accurately be described as a cryptoequity, or
2. launch a new cryptocurrency
The difference between the two approaches is substantial.
In the former, a centralized entity has complete control over how tokens are distributed, and receives direct financial compensation during the distribution phase.
Conversely, no central entity is in charge of distributing tokens in a Proof of Work or Proof of Burn cryptocurrency launch, nor does any central entity receive direct compensation in exchange for the centrally distributed tokens.
Both approaches can incentivize early adoption and evangelism.
For example, my business could just as easily fork Counterparty and do a PoB launch of its own to bootstrap. This would imbue the token with the security of the Bitcoin network while the forked Counterparty code would win my business most of its fundraising infrastructure for free. Night and day difference between that and creatnig 100,000,000 cryptoequity tokens out of thin air, and distributing them to people in return for BTC.


Yes, this is surprisingly true in most cases. It truly isn't worth investing any money into a Bitcoin startup unless you are quite certain the startup's BTC profits can at the very least keep pace with the growth of Bitcoin. People do it anyway, because they don't know any better.
Levered trading platforms, prediction markets, and distributed censorship resistant marketplaces are some of the only ventures that could theoretically keep pace with the growth of BTC itself. FYI almost all of these successful ventures will be completely illegal.
@_date: 2014-04-02 18:21:56
Centralized exchanges and shared wallets have long been the easiest way to mix coins.
Liquidity is the key to Bitcoin privacy. Liquidity in distributed exchanges devoid of KYC/AML even moreso.
"I'm sorry, I was just trying to diversify my portfolio."
You need lots of liquidity in your intended mixing vehicle for it to be valuable. Liquidity means privacy and plausible deniability.
The NSA can easily know when you send BTC from Address 1 to Address 2, but that doesn't mean they can easily track anonymously trading BTC for LTC, or betting on derivatives, or exchanging BTC for dividend-paying stock. Factor in Tor and CoinJoin and I think it's GG.
@_date: 2014-04-07 08:48:05
Counterparty is like colored coins on steroids. You can
- declare that a tiny amount of BTC is equivalent to some asset, and exchange your asset, e.g. stock, for BTC; or store it or send it
- bet on the outcome of sporting events, presidential elections, and quite literally anything under the sun. What will people bet on when there are no rules, restrictions, or requirements for personally identifiable info?
- broadcast information, e.g. a price feed, from an address, which is distributed across the network
- pay dividends on user-defined assets
All this in a trustless P2P environment running on open source software.
Counterwallet is a Bitcoin wallet that enables Bitcoin storage, and tracking of user-defined [Counterparty]( assets side by side. It's like what you would get if you put an open source client-side stock market on Blockchain.info, and users could trade with each other directly there, and it couldn't be shut down. Goes well with [Tor browser](
@_date: 2014-03-24 00:43:29
Haha, no, we probably won't see international marijuana grow ops going public on the NASDAQ any time this century.
If there's a will, there's a way. If Bitcoin doesn't play ball here, it will be seriously bad for everyone. They're not going to be able to censor Counterparty transactions, so they can only make it worse for themselves. Cryptos that seek to embrace Counterparty will benefit from increased liquidity, notoriety, utility and stability.
@_date: 2014-04-11 05:03:50
SPV is not a silver bullet. You can't magically get rid of Bitcoin full nodes "because SPV". Someone always has to store the full blockchain, it doesn't matter if we have sidechains or SPV clients everywhere or if everyone uses blockchain.info which isn't an SPV client but seems to be doing well enough in the scalability department.
Blockchain.info is a thin client. Electrum is too. So is Coinbase. So is Dark Wallet. So is any web wallet you can think of that interacts with the Bitcoin network without using BitcoinJ. SPV is just one possible technique for not storing the full blockchain on your computer, but to pretend like not having SPV is the final nail in the coffin for any project is rather ignorant. Ethereum makes the same accusations about colored coins and I think it's high time people stop shilling for themselves by conveniently forgetting thin clients exist when doing so benefits their argument.
@_date: 2014-05-12 00:41:51


In a fair cryptocurrency distribution, no one, including the developers of the currency, is entitled to anything normal users aren't. The whole userbase deserves to be on an equal footing from day one.
Imagine Satoshi had suddenly appeared out of nowhere with his great idea and a premined pile of bitcoins for sale at, say, a dollar each. Would he have won the backing of the countless people who have since invested their money, time and resources to build the infrastructure that is making Bitcoin successful? Or would people have instantly suspected some kind of pump-and-dump currency scam and steered well clear?
@_date: 2014-03-20 06:24:27
Who ever said baby boomers are the target market for Bitcoin? What a crock of shit that is, HA. Baby boomers are a lost cause, by and large.
You don't need to defend your beliefs to a bunch of close minded "Me Generation" Statist fucking dimwits. If anything, defending your beliefs to those people is a degrading and self-defeating exercise. Don't ever let them patronize you.
@_date: 2014-04-08 05:04:44
Boot Tor browser and send the coins you bought from Robofuckyourprivacy into BTC-E or, better yet, a distributed exchange without KYC/AML checks. Mixing your coins is EASY EASY EASY EASY.
The *only* regulations worth worrying about are ones imposed at the protocol level! Everything else is meaningless if you know what you're doing over Tor. Jeremy did mention there being a requirement to know the counterparty of a Bitcoin transfer before it happens, which to be fair, sounds beyond belief horrid.
@_date: 2014-04-11 15:50:28


This quote is out of context. It doesn't matter if everyone uses blockchain.info: people still have to run full nodes. That was my point.


Inbuilt inflexibility: does that sound like a *benefit* or a downside to you?
SPV clients like Multibit aren't trustless. It's still possible to fool the client with MITM attacks that flush out the true SPV network with the attacker's. BitcoinJ is adding Tor support for this very reason.
If you're worried about trust and privacy, nothing beats running a full node. SPV isn't a silver bullet, and you certainly don't need SPV to scale a Bitcoin application.
@_date: 2014-03-24 00:26:50
Actually, [796Xchange]( recently implemented this.
They accept USD, EUR and HKD direct deposits. Also features a Bitcoin stock exchange.
@_date: 2014-04-09 23:04:06
So if I understand your vision correctly, sidechains will use standard BTC addresses and directly interoperate with the main Bitcoin blockchain?
In other words, if I send 1 BTC to the zerocoin-sidechain address "XZERO", I can then directly send the BTC at XZERO back to a regular BTC address on the main blockchain?
@_date: 2014-03-25 15:53:56
The UTXO tree is unpruneable and must be kept in RAM, which is a major major cost to running a Bitcoin server. At this point in Bitcoin's history I sincerely doubt if most users are running full nodes. Thin clients and SPV wallets are the future of Bitcoin.
The UTXO tree is where Bitcoin server operators will have the biggest problem. Disk space is much cheaper than RAM, and while OP_RETURN adds to disk space requirements, that's not a make-or-break thing. Forcing innovative projects into a position where they can't avoid adding to the UTXO tree, against their will, causes much worse damage and makes everyone worse off.
@_date: 2014-04-26 21:54:19
Thanks for keeping an open mind. Pay no attention to the *literal* downvote bots that have been plaguing r/bitcoin for the past week or so.
Bitcoin is to the NSA [what the civil rights movement was to J. Edgar Hoover]( so IMO you can't be paranoid *enough* when it comes to these matters. Download [Tor browser]( if you are seriously interested in pursuing Bitcoin. If there's one thing you take away from this comment it is that you should only pursue Bitcoin anonymously, fuck the haters, fuck what the media says.
I would also recommend watching ["Naomi Wolf - The End of America Revisited"]( Was updated for 2014 and will give you a solid idea of where the world stands today, in reality the situation is dire. This lecture is a prime candidate for watching over Tor.
Now that you know what System D *is*, do you think it will increase or decrease in popularity over time? Will it get more or less popular in the event of continued political strife? What about in the event of an economic disaster?
Fact is, people like your grandma don't switch to alternative currencies without a really good reason for doing so. Bitcoin is a currency, it isn't PayPal. It's an investment. People don't make investments very lightly.
Why might the populace look to invest in an alternative currency?
1. inflation of State-issued scrip: includes hyperinflation events, fiscal disasters
2. insecurity of State-issued scrip: includes bail-in or bail-out events wherein bank deposits are seized, e.g. Cyprus. Also includes capital controls, go try to withdraw $10,001 in cash from your bank account and I guarantee you will see there are capital controls in place today, what if it got *worse*?
Not a *single* fiat currency in world history has avoided meltdown. It is simply a matter of time, and all signs are pointing to that happening in Western countries. Leading up to the rise of Bitcoin in early 2013, we had:
- Occupy Wallstreet: prominent Occupy members faced crushing, coordinated State response via militarized police
- SOPA/PIPA: was the most significant, coordinated effort to censor the Internet in recent history
- NDAA: allows American citizens to be detained indefinitely without trial, was passed **on New Year's Eve** specifically to discourage public debate or even knowledge of the bill's contents. This bill also legalized lying to the public over State-controlled media channels like Fox News. Propagandizing figures on the economy or just plain falsifying evidence for military exercises, e.g. Syria, catastrophe narrowly avoided, are now fully within the law
- DHS procurement of billions of rounds of hollow point 40 cal ammo, these rounds are designed to kill, DHS is concerned with domestic security and I doubt if the USA will be invaded by Russia over land
- Snowden: the reason Edward Snowden gave for leaking the information he did was he saw the NSA's tracking efforts were primarily and substantially targeted ONLY at the domestic USA, and NOT overseas targets. This was according to heatmaps, which disturbed him.
These are clearly the indications of a paranoid State, who fears its own citizenry. Does the picture improve or degenerate over time? If it degenerates, we can only expect continued militarized brutality, continued trampling of civil rights and continued domestic clampdown while those who speak out against it are systematically targeted for persecution. Above all else, this is why you should buy BTC anonymously and never mention it publicly if you can avoid it.
BTW I totally agree that it would be better to keep Bitcoin under the radar for as long as possible, unfortunately we're well beyond that stage. Everyone claiming Bitcoin is just PayPal 2.0 is either mistaken or a bullshit artist, or is talking to a figure of authority. It's not going to last for very long, the thugs we're up against are masters of deception and completely fucked in the head. You can't lie to a pathological cabal of liars. They're just better at it. Much more powerful is to lay out the real reasons for investing in Bitcoin like I've done here. By the time grandma thinks she needs Bitcoin, it'll be too late.
@_date: 2014-05-12 01:00:11


This is blatantly false. You can buy and sell assets on Counterparty for BTC *directly*. As the owner of an asset, you can pay dividends in BTC directly to standard Bitcoin addresses.
@_date: 2014-05-16 20:09:12


Of the 10,000 or less Bitcoin full nodes consistently reachable on the network today, I doubt if even half of them are from Bitcoin-QT running on Macbooks or Windows PCs. The blockchain ~~is moving~~ has moved to the server. It's ~~moving~~ moved to the server because it makes economic sense to put the blockchain on the server. Servers generally have the highest uptime and connectivity rates, with the lowest costs of maintenance.
And the "server" here just means a Linux computer programmed to run `bitcoind` on startup. You can run a "server" like this today in many countries over Tor on a home Internet connection.
Increasing the block size limit will not centralize Bitcoin unless the demands of the Bitcoin network grow faster than Moore's Law.
@_date: 2014-03-24 20:46:00


Funny enough, Mark Karpeles probably hired (or extorted) Roger Ver into making [this video testament of MtGox's solvency](
@_date: 2014-03-24 00:22:55
OK, let's slow down for a second.
Will an unregulated Bitcoin stock exchange create more, or less demand for Bitcoin?
Will an unstoppable Intrade create more, or less demand for Bitcoin?
Will upending Wall Street completely create more, or less demand for Bitcoin?
Assuming Counterparty is an unregulated NASDAQ and an unstoppable Intrade that you can use with Bitcoin DIRECTLY, is this not worth granting 80 whole bytes in OP_RETURN? That's all I want to know.
@_date: 2014-06-09 23:55:24
SEC be damned, my real issue is with shafting investors which is practically unavoidable in a deflationary economy. The situation is simply unsalvageable no matter what the business model is.
For example, fixing the price of a Maidsafe token at 0.01 BTC would be outright damning for their cloud storage business, and it wouldn't be enforceable anyway. The price of Maidsafe's token would have to float against BTC, and I doubt if any holder would refuse 0.001 BTC for 1 Maidsafe token on the open market if BTC hit $100,000.


Sure, but for your investors, what's the difference between this scenario and investing in ASIC miners? ASIC investors may see a return measured in USD, but had they just invested their money into BTC in the first place, they would've seen far greater returns.
@_date: 2014-04-13 16:13:16
Until r/bitcoin saw 2-way pegging combined with the headline "will kill all altcoins", no one but a few individuals were taking this idea seriously. It's important to ELI5.
I'll quote Mike Hearn from the mailing list:




At a sustained 2000 tps, the blockchain would be growing at roughly 10TB per year. Currently, we're at 0.7 tps average. 2000X as many people would be using Bitcoin if we are sustaining 2000 tps. If we conservatively estimate 500,000 people are using Bitcoin now, a billion people worldwide would be using Bitcoin. Conservatively, it's 10% of the global population. The USD is doing *what* then? One BTC is worth *WHAT* then? And yet we can't convince people to run full nodes then? That's the part I find hard to follow.
BTC's purchasing power increases as tps increases. The technical challenges would probably be solveable in a world where anyone with 10k BTC is a billionaire and the USD is dead. But we're moving well beyond fantasy here. This is at least in part why most Bitcoin users don't perceive full nodes to be a problem. I think many would be interested to hear you explain the technical downsides to increasing the block size, but I don't think that discussion can be had without also forecasting the earthshattering increase in purchasing power of BTC itself. It is all highly theoretical and I think increasing the block size limit requires tweaking one parameter. There are many unknowns still, but it is the way with the fewest unknowns overall.
@_date: 2014-06-10 00:52:19
While your comparison is arguably true to some extent, the definition of what is or is not a security is open to the SEC's interpretation.
My concern is with individuals who are trying to pretend as if appcoins, regardless of whether they're technically a security, are a profitable investment to make in a deflationary economy.
@_date: 2014-04-20 20:04:43
TLDR: *Your* transactions are bloating *my* blockchain. You should be doing this other thing because I say it's better.
@_date: 2014-05-12 23:50:17




@_date: 2014-05-12 17:25:44
Colored coins can't come out of nowhere dude.
You have to make them somehow.
You can't just issue BTC-Gold out of thin air, you have to sacrifice some amount of BTC to make that happen. I'm personally still unclear on the [issuance method of OpenAssets]( but for colored coins I know this is a non-trivial cost. Once the BTC turns into BTC-Gold, as the issuer of BTC-Gold you probably don't want to mix that with your other Satoshis. Wouldn't want to accidentally send out 10 gold bars irreversibly.
Conversely, with Counterparty, you have to first buy XCP with BTC on the Dex. There's going to be a cost either way, but at least with Counterparty there's no risk of accidentally sending XGOLD, since the balance of XGOLD is tracked in an isolated ledger embedded inside the Bitcoin blockchain.
You don't need XCP to trade stocks, nor do you need any XCP to make a distributed price feed.


Colored coins can't do decentralized prediction markets or decentralized options trading, so this is largely a moot point.
Colored coins also can't do autonomous decentralized trading. If you want to trade BTC-Gold for BTC-Silver, you need to manually have your colored coin wallet open for the trade to go through, because you always need to sign BTC transactions manually with the needed Bitcoin private key. Conversely, with Counterparty, you can setup the trade, close down your computer and happily go about your day, which is much closer to trading at Bitstamp. The private keys sign one special transaction up front, with a data payload of the form `CNTRPRTY: buy 100 LTBCOIN for 0.00001 XBTC each`, and you're done.
FYI, "white" prediction markets like Intrade are entirely illegal in numerous countries, however innocent the bets. Decentralized unregulated prediction markets aka "black" prediction markets are straight out of cypherpunk lore and have drastic implications on *everything*. Needless to say assassination markets and betting on the outcome of wars isn't strictly speaking "legal". The only way to do it is in a distributed trustless manner, and Counterparty accomplishes this with XCP.
@_date: 2014-05-11 06:20:40
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery. BTCNew is the newest [796]( copycat site. This one appears to be shamelessly faking volume.
@_date: 2014-06-08 23:33:55
The simple fact is people at large do not care about alternative currencies until reality is such that *not* adopting the new currency makes one a complete dunce.
In a time when each one of your phone calls, emails, text messages, Websites visited, physical mail and financial transactions are surveilled and used to profile you against your will, the only thing you can do to guarantee your fundamental human rights is use Tor and other anonymizing and cryptographic tech.
Most people are yet to realize this and I have no sympathy for their plight.
There's no use mentioning Bitcoin to anyone who isn't already on the path of liberty. Everyone else is a drooler, trapped in the 1980s.
Years ago, when SOPA/PIPA was all over the news, what did you think? Did you think SOPA was about protecting Hollywood? What did you say about the NDAA bill, passed shortly thereafter on New Years Eve 2012 specifically to avoid public debate, which legalized the indefinite detention of American citizens without trial? Did you call people like me a conspiracy theorist when word broke out of the massive Utah spy center? Well, what the fuck *did* you do? You could've bought Bitcoin back then for less than $10.
I can't possibly overemphasize the amount of human suffering that could take place when people come to realize the NSA and global spy agencies are above the law, and that it *will* have to come to bloody civil wars and violent revolutions to change the status quo.
The poor are getting poorer. Politicians are getting blatant with their corruption and hypocrisy. Assassination markets are right around the corner. History would tell you that this doesn't end well, just as it never, ever has before.
If you don't think an unseizable, anonymous global currency that can be transported across borders undetected has any value in this era, I can't help you. Buy a gun, and use [Tor]( at the very least.
It's not even worth discussing Bitcoin with these people. Either you get it or you don't.
@_date: 2014-04-11 04:16:18
Innovators in general, both in and outside of the Bitcoin space, innovate **for profit**. Money makes the world go round.
Satoshi innovated and then spread the word. Interested parties then vested themselves in Satoshi's innovation and advocated others do the same. That's how Bitcoin got off the ground. Are you saying new projects aren't supposed to learn from Bitcoin's success?
I think sidecoins are going to see major trading volume on exchanges if the concept takes off, since it really removes the stigma of altcoins and a lot of people aren't going to be interested in waiting 2 days between burning BTC and receiving a sidecoin. It also feels like a safer investment because it can be advertised as "backed by BTC". But then you'd have to wait 2 more days between reanimating the sidecoin and receiving the Bitcoin. There are a lot of instances like that about sidecoins that aren't clear to me how they would go down in the real world. The system can't flow like water which is what a lot of people are envisioning, at least not without incurring major security risks. The shorter the reanimation delay, the higher the chance of a 51% attack being successful at stealing coins. Even 2 days may not be enough for a mining Pool like Ghash.io, or a dedicated attack pool whose only purpose in life is to steal BTC from sidecoin holders.
If you want people to develop on your platform, they have to get paid. That's just the fact of life. Money makes the world go round. Who is going to burn $1,000,000 and 1,000 hours of their time with 0 ROI? Not many people would do that. You've gotta make ends meet, buzzwords and whitepapers don't put food on the table.
In summary, just because Bitcoin was first to use a pyramidal bootstrapping incentive structure doesn't mean it's a no-no for those other projects *I don't have a stake in* to do the same.
Look, Bitcoiners have been talking their own book for five years. I do it, you do it, and everyone else in this subreddit does it to the point of nauseation. But that doesn't mean you can get on your high horse and tell other people whose projects you don't have a stake in that they can't do it and that they *should* in a perfect world develop sidecoins at a loss because it's the "right" thing to do. Nope, bootstrapping projects the Bitcoin way is the right thing to do because it remains the only technique proven to work in the real world. Will sidecoins change that? Only time will tell.
@_date: 2014-04-07 20:14:16


You can buy stocks with pure BTC reserves on Counterparty. You can exchange BTC for XGOLD, and XGOLD back for BTC. Counterparty the token (XCP) is required for asset issuance but not asset exchange.
With colored coins, you can transform BTC into BTC-GOLD, but the original issuer of BTC-GOLD must sacrifice BTC up front to issue BTC-GOLD. Because you wouldn't want to accidentally send someone your 10 gold bars irreversibly, colored coins and BTC must be tracked separately. This is important. BTC-GOLD must be distinguished from BTC in all colored coin enabled wallets.
With Counterparty, you can exchange BTC for XGOLD, and XGOLD back for BTC. Similar to colored coins, the original issuer of XGOLD must sacrifice BTC to create XGOLD. The beauty of Counterparty is that, once the XGOLD is circulating, you can bet or hedge on its future value with distributed price feeds, with or without leverage, and with or without owning the underlying asset. Counterparty is like a colored coin stock market, prediction market and options market all-in-one, and it's completely decentralized.
In addition, Counterparty addresses *are* Bitcoin addresses, *literally* they are one and the same. But if you accidentally send away the BTC aspect of a Counterparty-enabled Bitcoin address, the Counterparty asset remains untouched. In Counterparty, the colored coin gets fixed to the Bitcoin private key, and a distributed ledger of its own tracks the balance. Counterparty assets aren't at risk of being accidentally sent. As a result, you can seamlessly overlay Counterparty on top of existing Bitcoin wallets.
To me, that is the key, and it's why I'd compare colored coins to a bare bones version of Counterparty. You can buy colored assets on Counterparty directly with Bitcoin just like you can with a minimal colored coins implementation, but Counterparty interoperates with all existing Bitcoin wallets, and you can do a whole lot more with it once you have it. Think: futures, options, predictions, and trading with leverage.
@_date: 2014-04-10 22:20:58


It's a fantastic concept really, to be able to convert BTC to a sidecoin, and the sidecoin back to BTC. But it isn't that simple.






Security concerns aside, sidecoins must only use SPV nodes by design, which necessitates a delay between burning Bitcoins, receiving the sidecoin, and subsequently reanimating them. No one but Adam Back and company knows the gory details of this feature, but it is a hugely important detail and is the crux of the value. Should sidecoins be done, YES. Is XSIDE sidecoin at a 1:1 predetermined exchange rate with BTC truly the same thing as BTC? That remains to be seen. Until then metalayers have the enormous advantage of inheriting Bitcoin's flawless blockchain security record while also directly interoperating with standard Bitcoin addresses and existing Bitcoin wallets.
@_date: 2014-03-24 19:53:46
You appear to have the right intentions, but we'll see how far it gets you. The cynic in me believes you know it won't get you very far at all, but you and others like you (Patrick Murck) say what needs to be said to bullshit the right people into doing things they wouldn't otherwise do: like undermining the world reserve status of the US Dollar and forever ending the ability for governments to print money to afford endless wars and global suspicionless surveillance.
Bitcoin is irreversible digital property. Laws and regulations can't change math.
Let's take MtGox for example. Many tend to think regulators are desperately needed to prevent the next Mark Karpeles from absconding with customer coins. But what the hell are lawyers and regulators going to do to Mark Karpeles now that the coins are gone? Very kindly ask for the coins back? This is digital property. Once it's gone it's gone for good.
Of course you consider the regulations to be a good thing. I talk my book all the time too, so I guess I don't mind it. But you're setting up a false dichotomy IMO: Either we trust you and your cronies to bring about "law" and "order" to the Bitcoin space, or worse cronies will make it harder for everyone whilst Bitcoin forever flounders as a passing fad?
That's just not how good money:bad money economics plays out.
Also, think about what regulation as Ben Lawsky envisions it probably means to Bitcoin:
1. Biometric scanners and the insertion of surveillance devices whenever and wherever possible
2. Comprehensive identity checks
3. Artificial limits on Bitcoin transfers (no transferring &gt;$10,000 USD worth of Bitcoin to a foreign individual for example)
Who exactly does that appeal to besides the usual suspects? Regulators, law makers, accountants, and other garden variety **rent seekers**.
Bitcoin doesn't have to change AT ALL to be successful. If anything, changing it will make it fail. Conveniently this would be a great thing for regulators, governments and the traditional banking system.
Naturally, it should be quite difficult for anyone to trust regulators who are in the back pockets of the banking industry and petrodollar state to enact fair regulations regarding Bitcoin given that Bitcoin ubiquity in international trade would destroy the US dollar and thus bring down the Western empire.
There's no need to fret about public opinion, either. Bitcoin is good money, and good money drives out the bad, period. Bitcoin is a vortex, black hole monetary system that consumes everything else eventually, or it goes to zero. And I don't think it's going to zero.
Joe American isn't going to be investing in Bitcoin until after the USD collapses and a Bitcoin buys his house. If you believe in the success of Bitcoin, you believe in it's ubiquity in international trade, hence you believe in the destruction of the US dollar.
EDIT: I'm being accused of painting all lawyers as "bad". Everyone knows that not every lawyer is a bad person. But I think we can all agree the legal profession wouldn't be what it is today without the existence of regulations that were designed for a very different world than what Bitcoin was designed for. All I'm saying is that the type of person who sets up artificial constraints or caters to people setting up artificial constraints in a world where those constraints didn't exist originally are by definition rent seekers. They are not adding, they are subtracting. They are rent seekers. I have nothing against people personally who are engaged in rent seeking professions, but I'm also not going to shy away from calling it what it is.
@_date: 2014-05-12 21:47:15
When a competing "fiat currency" of predictable supply exists, humans, acting out of self interest, will tend to prefer it over the more inflationary and less predictable competition.
Bickering about this and that school of economic thought doesn't change the fact that a new reality is upon us. Precious metals were never seriously contending for the status of world reserve currency simply because metals can't hold their own in the world of commerce. You can't *do* anything with gold *except* for hoard it.
Maybe what you're saying has some truth to it, maybe centrally planning the money supply is a great thing for the economy. So what?
The public at large doesn't give *a shit* about anything aside from money, sex, and "what will my neighbors think", and "what do I need to do so I can have more of those things while looking better than my neighbors".
The incentive now exists for people to switch to an alternative currency system. And instead of resisting people's economic desires, this new system aids and abetts their every whim without judgment and in fact *rewards them financially* for adopting it and encouraging their peers to do the same.
Bitcoin works despite what ivory tower economists have to say about it. Funny enough, at the end of the day, the only thing you brats can do to prevent Bitcoin from succeeding is to threaten with violence anyone who wishes to engage in truly free trade, which makes you nothing but a bunch of NIMBY hypocrits.
@_date: 2014-04-22 06:13:49
What makes you so sure this is a troll post? The comments section is particularly alarming:








A voice of reason?


Nope, actually it's kind of bullshit. Cryptoanarchy means what it means, and to pretend otherwise is ... bullshit. Nobody knows how this plays out, but it cannot be stopped, that much we know. If it can't be stopped, then it can only accelerate.
Pseudonymous? That means "potentially anonymous". Potentially anonymous currency you can trade with P2P? And gamble with? And protect your wealth with better than the state protects your wealth? The state is bound to revolt against it, there's no doubt about it, and while there's potentially truth to this article, it could just as easily be the first taste of a real anti-Bitcoin propaganda piece.
When the going gets tough, the tough get going. The State itself is the prime sinner in this equation, and is deserving of punishment far worse than what even the sickest child molester is deserving of.
The events of 9/11 alone are to blame for more state-sponsored terror, death and destruction than a 100 year child molestation spree.
In fact, let's take a look at an even darker video than that of live child molestation, shall we?
People like Larry Silverstein, at the top of society, are the most corrupt, depraved and murderous backstabbers the world has ever seen. It is simply the FACT that they will even go so far as to kill innocent civilians and use utter deception to rally public support for mass murder. Evil parasites like Larry Silverstein have to be scorched off of the planet, and Bitcoin is the only way to do it. It's the last stand humanity has against these wicked men, and that's a cause that is worth dying for. Hundreds of thousands of children murdered in cold blood, for OIL. Where is the justice for the 21st century's most despicable and public financial crime?
@_date: 2014-05-21 21:45:36


Yes, but the whole idea of having a long-term zero inflation, equitably distributed money supply underscores why Bitcoin is such a paradigm busting concept.
Bitcoin mining today is a bubble. Obviously the block rewards will dissipate with time. That was the *point*, though it remains to be seen what will happen to the Bitcoin hashrate should the network's purchasing power not balloon over time along with the quantity of daily transactions. If the network *does* in fact balloon in purchasing power and quantity of daily transactions, it's within reason to assume the system will remain stable. And since Bitcoin is in the news, and since Bitcoin is the original, it is in every person's interest in this space to see to it those things occur.
The way to do this is to enable anyone to use the Bitcoin blockchain however they damn well please in an attempt to bring the highest total transaction fees, and popularity, to the Bitcoin network as opposed to competing networks.


That is, unless the PoS blockchain starts growing by leaps and bounds, which it will if it shares in Bitcoin's success. In which case the conversation steers back to how does one profitably run a full PoS node, and in PoS blockchains as in PoW blockchains this cost is still disproportionately beared by the "little guy". No technical solution is a panacea here, the only thing Bitcoin can do is grow as quickly as possible and wield increasing amounts of political power by any means necessary. The same would be true of a PoS coin if Satoshi had came out with that first, but he didn't for reasons of needing a highly secure, long term zero inflation and fairly distributed money supply.
@_date: 2014-03-24 00:05:19
You can buy stocks and assets directly with Bitcoin on Counterparty. It is a decentralized Bitcoin stock market and prediction market.
There is no need to buy XCP, though it does open up the possibilities of what you can bet and trade on.
Also, there was zero fundraising done with Counterparty.
The developers are anonymous, and have received zero compensation for their work outside of the value their own asset ledger grants for them on the open market.
@_date: 2014-05-12 00:29:23
Incorrect, on Counterparty, stocks can be bought and sold for BTC direct, and dividends can be paid in BTC directly to your wallet. As an end user, you never *need* XCP to use the system, for proof see [the latest IPO]( which you can buy into if you dare for BTC. You might want XCP to trade binary options with leverage, or to issue assets of your own, but it isn't strictly needed.
@_date: 2014-02-16 20:22:48
I end up going on a tirade every time I talk about this. The short version is that [796Xchange]( has been [neck in neck with BTC-E]( in LTC trading volume. It's a licensed Hong Kong MSB.
Personally, I have severe reservations about any and all exchanges located in Europe and America. It's mostly because regulators are insane in those countries. Singapore ([ItBit]( and Hong Kong ([796Xchange]( are better strategic locations to incorporate exchanges, and those two exchanges in particular appear to be the most legitimate options in those countries. I know at least 796Xchange is very easy to sign up for worldwide and accepts USD, EUR and HKD direct deposits in addition to OKPay and Perfect Money. Perhaps their Bitcoin stock exchange, zero-fee BTC/LTC spot trading, and BTC/LTC levered futures can partially make up for their lack of trollbox? You can also short stocks and lend P2P like in Bitfinex.
@_date: 2014-05-10 02:04:29
I really don't mean to be a debbie downer, and frankly I think you guys are building the most important extension to the Bitcoin ecosystem seen in ages, or at least you *could be*. I'm disappointed with the current incarnation, granted it hasn't been around for very long.
Let's compare OpenBazaar to Counterparty. In the latter, market listings are embedded directly into the Bitcoin blockchain. You could create a new CNTRPRTY listing today, disappear off the face of the planet and your listing would still be around in ten years. You update your asset through signing and broadcasting special Bitcoin transactions that propagate across a global ledger. The CNTRPRTY data remains available, authentic and secure so long as the Bitcoin and Counterparty blockchains exist.
I'd rather you speak more about OpenBazaar's methods, but my understanding is that you would create a listing but then there isn't the same incentive for people to keep your listing available, authentic and secure like there is in a blockchain based system. If Mongo isn't the network's data store, where is the data stored? How can you be sure your data will remain available?
@_date: 2014-04-18 22:43:17
It's nobody's place to act like the Apple (which is a private company btw) of the Bitcoin blockchain. It's not anyone's right to tell you or I or anyone else who is willing to pay the same fucking fees as any other person what they can or can't do with the blockchain.
For all the hate Counterparty got from a couple devs over OP_RETURN 80, very few people beyond core devs seem to have realized that sidechains require soft forking, not insignificant, changes to the Bitcoin protocol. They have security downsides, as well as maintenance and complexity downsides compared to metalayer protocols. The two are going to be compared here because they would be competing in the same space should sidechains end up being feasible.
Another thing people should be asking about sidechains is what is the real motive behind doing it? Even in the LTBCoin episode with Adam Back, Austin Hill seemed awfully excited over the potential of derivatives, futures and options trading on sidechains than anything else. Why was that? Could it be because that's where all the money is going to be made in Bitcoin over the next dozen years? If you look into Freimarkets, you might begin to understand where loyalties lie.
Advanced financial contracts is what everyone is gunning for right now, NOT obsoleting Litecoin, which was never even a threat. Whoever does derivatives best, gets rich. The motive is ROI.
Realistically, assuming sidechains are feasible, there could probably only be a few dedicated sidechains with a reasonable level of security since the security of sidechains requires a very much top-down and centralized mining *decree*. You need miners to stay on your side. How are you supposed to do that without negotiating deals with giant fucking centralized mining pools like GHash?
Even if you have GHash on your side, it's still not good enough because there would always be the risk of infighting and there's a clear cut financial incentive to 51% attack sidechains since it means you can steal BTC outright.
People really need to look more at Freimarkets. I'm not saying it's a bad idea; it's a really good idea, and I'm sure the sidechains team will reveal more about their intentions in the future.
Derivatives, futures, options. That's what everyone is gunning for on the sly. It's where all the money is, and Counterparty is the only fucking protocol *in the world* that does it in a way that explicitly interoperates with Bitcoin Core.
This whole fuss reminds me a lot of the Ethereum hype; the people who are dreaming about the potential are largely not developers, who would know better than making judgments before the facts start to unravel. Bitcoin is successful *because* it is simple and *because* it has little to no extra features. It's the only way to survive in a cut throat environment where everyone is anonymous and nobody gives a fuck if you die tomorrow.
But who I am kidding, you're probably not going to look at Counterparty seriously until Silk Road 5 goes public and you can buy into it directly with Bitcoins over Tor.
@_date: 2014-04-16 05:20:38
I appreciate that you want this to be an open system akin to Bitcoin, and I'm excited about the concept of an anonymous social network driven by micropayments.
Can you ELI5 how to use NetVend to post a message?


Why? That sounds great, but the database your system uses, MySQL, isn't *really* what I'd call a distributed ledger.
Amazing work. It's so rare for a software developer to be well-spoken *and* anonymous. You care deeply about this idea and are doing all the right things to make it happen.
@_date: 2014-04-12 19:39:46


Bitcoin's network capacity scales. It does. Increase the block size limit.
Ethereum makes these same accusations in regards to Bitcoin scalability, threat of full node centralization, and SPV.
Should Bitcoin surpass VISA in popularity, 1 BTC will be trading for $100k+. Anyone with over 10k BTC will be a billionaire.
I think we can reasonably expect newly minted billionaires to find a way to run bitcoind with an acceptable degree of decentralization.
If, on the other hand, the network looks too centralized at that time, billionaires will assuredly be able to afford datacenters of their own, although that may not be necessary. It could easily be the case that in 2040 running a full node with the blockchain growing at 10TB per year is done over Tor from a home internet connection.
Bitcoin full node resource usage is linearly increasing over the long run while storage and bandwidth prices keep falling.
And what is it about a lack of SPV support that drives you to champion it as the final nail in the coffin for any project that doesn't support it? What about thin clients like Blockchain.info, Electrum, Dark Wallet, Coinbase, and just about every Web wallet in existence not using BitcoinJ? If you think the majority of Bitcoin-enabled Websites and wallets don't scale, I would beg to differ.


Counterparty data currently makes up less than 0.05% of the data in the blockchain, which is several orders of magnitude smaller than Satoshi Dice's impact.
Anyway, I find it undesirable to enforce restrictions on how the blockchain is used, even if the motivation for doing so has some truth to it. It's not anyone's place to forcefully decide for another what he/she can do with a public resource.
@_date: 2014-02-18 00:02:34
796Xchange is often accused of the same by margin traders who get burned. Keep in mind, unforseen margin calls can bankrupt their customers too quickly for the site to collect enough fees. It also brings about a poor reputation. Neither 796Xchange nor BFX has the incentive to condone such behavior.
To protect against margin calls, be certain you're trading on clear and present momentum, and also be aware of the depth of the order book. Unwinding large positions quickly in illiquid markets can be impossible.
A lot of new margin traders get overly excited about trading with leverage and end up diving head first into the shallow end of the kiddie pool. I believe this style of blind whale margin trading accounts for at least some of the large and fast swings. End up on the wrong side of a gambling whale and you'll go broke. Only invest what you're willing to lose.
@_date: 2014-05-12 05:50:05
In the history of mankind, nothing has brought people to a new currency like having no other choice in the matter.
When is having the ability to *make* the right choice ever enough for the public to take action?
It's not.
When you're most desperate for air is when you struggle hardest to breathe. And when you're desperate to sustain your livelihood, because your hyperinflating State controlled currency is preventing you from living freely, that's when you start looking for alternatives.
The masses will adopt Bitcoin but only by necessity. Lobbying doesn't change that.
If anything, making Bitcoin illegal is a risky move for Western governments because it potentially shows the fiat-based financial system for the confidence game it really is. TPTB can't afford to allow the public to escape from this reality. They can hardly afford to risk allowing the slightest whiff of the jail cell walls to escape, the public cannot be allowed to see or detect the walls within which they are surreptitiously constrained.
Much more powerful is to thumb your nose at this system, and flaunt how you know they can't do *fucking shit* about it.
Because if Western governments ever do establish capital controls to stop Bitcoin transactions from happening, the question will become "WHY"?
Maybe at first the public will do nothing and assume it's because Bitcoin is used by terrorists, and maybe that's even true. But the US government has trillions of unpayable debt on the books, and this debt is only "sustainable" by methods of brute force and subjugation. For every action there is an equal and opposing reaction, and when you're massively and systematically debasing the value of money which is in use worldwide, one of two things will happen with one happening first by chance followed by the other:
1. Political fallout
2. Fiscal fallout
Bitcoin is playing the long game, the protocol doesn't distinguish. If you make Bitcoin *try* to abide by the system's rules, some other cryptocurrency which refuses to do so will live on without a care in the world.
In short, you won't get "mom and pop" to accept Bitcoin until they have no choice. If your dream is to retire on Bitcoin savings, your best hope is to make the public at large truly *desperate* to attain some.
I don't care how cool Bitcoin is for you personally, the public doesn't act until and unless it is desperate.
There isn't anything you can do to speed up this process, but you can potentially fuck it up for all of us by attempting to mold Bitcoin into something that would never be worthy of mass adoption in the case of financial meltdown.
@_date: 2014-04-10 04:30:04
1:1 exchange rate isn't guaranteed. Or maybe it is?
@_date: 2014-02-21 21:08:43
He's clearly on the side of liberty.  is shaping up to be a major advocate of Bitcoin. Having Patrick's support is bigger for Bitcoin than is obvious on the surface. According to his [Twitter]( he recently attended the Phoenix Freedom Summit. I think you'll agree millionaire CEOs with publicly traded companies don't often attend such events.
Even more encouraging, Patrick is very keen on the promise of future cryptocurrency innovations:


He actually seems incredibly well-researched. Someone just needs to inform him of the existence of [Counterparty]( This is the Bitcoin-based, trustless P2P derivatives and stock market he's looking for. [Two]( dividend-paying [companies]( are currently being traded on top of Bitcoin in a decentralized manner.
@_date: 2014-03-25 15:29:57
FYI: the full Bitcoin blockchain including the complete UTXO set is already bordering on 50 GB. Run BitPay's open source Blockchain.info competitor on your local computer and see for yourself.
Thin clients and SPV nodes are the future of Bitcoin wallets.
It's impossible to censor this type of thing. Resisting it is possible, but leads to hacky implementations that are worse for everyone in the ecosystem. If Bitcoin core would instead embrace messaging capabilities, which if you look at altchains, are a highly desirable feature, there would be no problem. Or are you telling me Bitcoin server ops can't deal with increasing costs?
Blockchain disk space storage requirements will be increasing forever. Much better to avoid increasing the UTXO set needlessly. OP_RETURN doesn't add that much more to disk space storage requirements; UTXO adds to RAM requirements which is a lot more costly.
I understand that everyone wants to push off P2P Bitcoin stock trading to altchains, but that is worse for the Bitcoin ecosystem because it can't ever be stopped, AND it will make altcoins genuinely better than Bitcoin. You can either keep up with the competition or be supplanted by it. I think a ton of people overestimate the loyalty of big VC backed Bitcoin companies to Bitcoin itself. Exchange operators know damn well adding Litecoin can DOUBLE their income, so you better have a great fucking reason to continue supporting Bitcoin as the  crypto in the future, and Counterparty being a decentralized stock exchange and prediction market, can provide that boost that sets Bitcoin permanently apart from the rest. That will happen anyway, but one way Bitcoin can look at obvious trends and embrace them rather than resist them pointlessly, leading to inefficiencies for all.
@_date: 2014-03-25 16:24:29
Counterparty is a P2P Bitcoin stock exchange and derivatives market. You can use Bitcoin to purchase and trade stocks, and it is completely unregulated. The traditional derivatives market alone is worth hundreds of **trillions** of dollars.
@_date: 2014-04-07 19:10:28
You can buy stocks with pure BTC reserves on Counterparty. You can exchange BTC for XGOLD, and XGOLD back for BTC. Counterparty the *token* (XCP) is required for asset issuance but not asset exchange.
With colored coins, you can transform BTC into BTC-GOLD, but the original issuer of BTC-GOLD must sacrifice BTC up front to issue BTC-GOLD. Because you wouldn't want to accidentally send someone your 10 gold bars irreversibly, colored coins and BTC must be tracked separately. This is important. BTC-GOLD must be distinguished from BTC in all colored coin enabled wallets.
With Counterparty, you can exchange BTC for XGOLD, and XGOLD back for BTC. Similar to colored coins, the original issuer of XGOLD must sacrifice BTC to create XGOLD. The beauty of Counterparty is that, once the XGOLD is circulating, you can bet or hedge on its future value with distributed price feeds, with or without leverage, and with or without owning the underlying asset. Counterparty is like a colored coin stock market, prediction market and options market all-in-one, and it's completely decentralized.
In addition, Counterparty addresses *are* Bitcoin addresses, *literally* they are one and the same. But if you accidentally send away the BTC aspect of a Counterparty-enabled Bitcoin address, the Counterparty asset remains untouched. In Counterparty, the colored coin gets fixed to the Bitcoin private key, and a distributed ledger of its own tracks the balance. Counterparty assets aren't at risk of being accidentally sent. As a result, you can seamlessly overlay Counterparty on top of existing Bitcoin wallets.
To me, that is the key, and it's why I'd compare colored coins to a bare bones version of Counterparty. You can buy colored assets on Counterparty directly with Bitcoin just like you can with a minimal colored coins implementation, but Counterparty interoperates with all existing Bitcoin wallets, and you can do a whole lot more with it once you have it. Think: futures, options, predictions, and trading with leverage. It's like a P2P [IEX]( and [Intrade]( rolled into one.
So far the main problem with it has, ironically, been its pursuance of permissionless innovation, "innovation at the edges" to paraphrase Andreas Antonopoulos. Sure, a villager in Africa can now do a global Bitcoin IPO with an open source, native Counterparty-enabled Bitcoin wallet, and that villager can pay back investors on a fair and decentralized platform that makes the whole jig worthwhile, but the core developers of Counterparty didn't think to create a Bitcoin Improvement Proposal (BIP) before just fucking doing it.
The Counterparty developers were counting on OP_RETURN 80 to be in the latest release of Bitcoin Core in 2014, which is what Gavin Andresen had stated publicly in October 2013. OP_RETURN 80 was then slashed in half in the days before the release of 0.90. Counterparty works fine without OP_RETURN at the 80 byte level, but it would be much better for the network if OP_RETURN 80 was implemented.
@_date: 2014-05-14 01:15:53














@_date: 2014-04-14 18:41:27
A colored coin is a tiny amount of BTC representing some other asset. For example, this stack of 5000 Satoshis represents 1 gold bar.
An altcoin is an independent distributed append-only ledger system, like Bitcoin, except with a currency of its own. Ethereum and Litecoin come to mind.
A sidecoin is like an altcoin redeemable for BTC. You can convert your BTC to the sidecoin back to BTC at a guaranteed exchange rate.
A colored coin IS bitcoin.
An altcoin is NOT bitcoin.
A sidecoin is like an altcoin redeemable for bitcoin. The casino chip analogy is spot on.
@_date: 2014-04-26 07:19:17
From 


@_date: 2014-05-27 20:24:38
Oh please, I would never extend *you* that amount of gratitude.
You should be ashamed for attempting to raise money in this way, dancing on the graves of cancer victims. You are nothing but a filthy cockroach and a scoundrel.
Even worse, your actions justify the existence of the FTC, which is chartered to protect consumers against false advertising.


Your words, not mine.
@_date: 2014-05-12 00:33:34
Yes, and you need to scan 100% of transactions to run a Bitcoin full node. So what? In practice, few people are running full nodes these days. End users prefer light clients and Web wallets. This is largely a moot point.
@_date: 2014-03-24 21:15:20
FinCEN director Jennifer Calvary recently stated ["cash like regulations"]( will be necessary for Bitcoin if it sees widespread adoption.


In other words, get ready for CoinValidation and transfer limits.
I outright agree with your future outlook on decentralized markets, however.
@_date: 2014-03-23 23:40:31
Here's your Merkle tree. And it's gone.
Either you have counterparty risk, or you don't.
@_date: 2014-04-12 23:56:38
Sidechains would have *potentially* as many users:
- as would be willing to use the underlying sidecoin on an ongoing basis
- as would be willing to convert the sidecoin back to BTC
Due to its reliance on SPV, even the best sidechain wallet would have to take several days to convert the sidecoin to BTC. The only other option would be to trade the sidecoin for BTC on an exchange.
I'd expect Sidezerocoin for example to develop its own dedicated userbase for this reason, made up of people looking primarily to accept and use Sidezerocoin. Trading or converting Sidezerocoin would be possible but cumbersome. That's the real game changer with sidechains, because it means no one loses BTC if sidezerocoin goes to zero, assuming miner collusion doesn't occur.
You wouldn't have the ability to send a sidecoin directly to a BTC address or vice versa, though, so it isn't clear if it would be possible for Bitcoin users to accept Sidezerocoin in commercial contexts willy nilly. Multi-currency wallets are starting to take hold, so I'm sure they will look to add sidechain support.
@_date: 2014-05-16 22:01:47
The first question isn't what the count *will* be, it's what the count *should* be. Do we need everyone to run full nodes, or is a certain number of nodes online at any given time "good enough"? Gavin said as much during his appearance at MIT.
As I've stated elsewhere, [4TB consumer SSDs will hit the market before 2016]( Monopolistic ISPs are already willing to install 300 mbps fiber connections, [they just need to be pressured by Google]( The infrastructure is rapidly coming together, and the worst we can do is theorize about a future wherein Bitcoin has grown over 2000 fold, a future wherein 10% of the global population is using Bitcoin, minimum. If by the time 10% of the world is using Bitcoin, we don't have the means to run full nodes over Tor on home Internet connections, *then* we will have reason for concern.
As a thought experiment, if Bitcoin grows by 2000X, imagine what the price per coin will be. Anyone with 10,000 BTC or more will be a billionaire with plenty of political power and the power to own datacenters outright. What would the power of the USD be? What would be the effect on world governments?
@_date: 2014-06-09 20:26:05


If you think you're going to pull a fast one on the SEC by hedging your language, and you're behind anything less than seven proxies, you're insane.
App coins are just a euphemism for company shares. It would be a whole lot easier for people to understand what you're talking about if you worried less about going to prison over this.


It makes sense to do an app coin when you want to raise money for your business. Unless the price of BTC crashes, you can count on your company's BTC revenues decreasing over time, which puts predictable downward pressure on dividends and downward pressure on share prices. Does that sound to you like a good value proposition for investors?


And yet, investors still get shafted if the BTC price keeps increasing. You may pick up a few ~~shills~~ early evangelists in the process though, that's true.
At the end of the day, you want to be able to promise investors a real BTC profit. That isn't going to happen very easily if the price of Bitcoin goes up by a factor of 10. In fact, if the price goes up by a factor of 2, you'd have to literally *double* your business just to keep paying the same BTC dividends. This is why serious investors have reservations about Bitcoin. A deflationary economy is Hell on investors, and it means there's hardly any incentive to lend money.
Are you telling me I'm going to get more BTC back in dividends than I originally invest with you. If not you don't have an attractive value proposition.
@_date: 2014-04-30 05:31:31
If money laundering is a crime, isn't it time intelligence agencies and military organizations are held to the same standards as the general public? Whistleblowers like [Chip Tatum]( have much to say about the CIA's role in international money laundering throughout the Vietnam War era and Iran-Contra plot.








Source: 
If FinCEN is getting on the case of Bitcoiners for committing financial crimes, the least they can do is investigate the more villanous financial crimes of our lifetimes. That really shouldn't be hard to ask in a "free" society. One glaringly obvious example is Larry Silverstein, who was awarded billions of dollars on 9/11 after taking out "lucky" insurance policies for the World Trade Centers, and what is his alibi? What is the reason Larry Silverstein gave for his not being inside the WTC on the morning of 9/11? We have his response to Charlie Rose on video:
Why can't we investigate him and others like him who stink like shit? How many people and lives have been adversely affected by 9/11? If 9/11 was in fact a financial crime, it should be investigated on that basis. If instead we are told to focus on the tadpoles because they're easier to catch, the purported laws don't actually matter because we live in a world where the law only applies to you if you can't schmooze your way out of it. That is a split society, of rulers and the ruled.
@_date: 2014-05-16 22:00:21


No one has ever been paid to run a full node, that's one part of the equation. But you also answered your own question. There's nothing special about putting the blockchain on a server. Having a full node doesn't make sense for *most people* period.
You can run a Bitcoin full node over Tor on your home Internet connection, the main difference is you'll be running the "server" on a generally more secure and stable operating system with higher availability, which is a better deal for the Bitcoin network and a better deal for you.
Some Bitcoin services depend on the blockchain, and those services must run full nodes, because if they didn't they wouldn't have a viable service. Here are some examples of Bitcoin services dependent upon full nodes:
- [Electrum](
- [Dark Wallet](
- [Blockchain.info](
- [Counterwallet]( and other decentralized exchanges
- Centralized exchanges and wallet providers
- anything using BitPay's [insight](
According to Gavin, the question still remains, what is the optimum number of full nodes?
@_date: 2014-04-03 04:34:14
Zero fee transactions. It takes longer to confirm, but microtransactions by definition aren't worth double-spending so you might as well send them with zero fees unless you need six confirmations right then. You don't most of the time.
@_date: 2014-04-07 17:01:10
Yes. You can use BTC directly to purchase stocks on top of Counterparty the *protocol*, which uses Bitcoin as the transport layer. Counterparty the *token* isn't needed for this.
A Counterparty address is a Bitcoin address. Same principle as colored coins, where a Bitcoin address can also represent gold, silver. Here is a company [issuing gold and silver certificates on Counterparty](
Stocks and other user-created assets are priced in BTC, but generally owning XCP opens up the possibilities. It's required for trading with leverage and issuing assets of your own.
@_date: 2014-04-13 03:29:53
The market value of any cryptocurrency is derived from the size of its userbase. There will always be, in the very worst case, a hedging use for coins secured by a different hashing algorithm, however futile it is against ASICs. Traders will arbitrage anything that moves on news, and speculative trading alone is enough to bootstrap a cryptocurrency. All you need is liquidity. Money isn't fair and it isn't rational.
@_date: 2014-04-26 07:30:45


Good, because I don't. The blockchain is moving to the server. Use of OP_RETURN changes nothing.


Like buying illegal drugs and guns? Oh you meant *actual* economic transactions. Hold on for a second while I consult with your personal whitelist.
@_date: 2014-05-13 05:25:11
Machines are more predictable than humans.
It doesn't require faith to know economists can't write software.


Oh? None, no incentive at all. You should go on keeping 100% of your assets tied up in the banking system for the next 50 years. I'll keep a reasonable amount of my capital in an unseizable anonymous apolitical global currency.
There's of course no reason at all for me to do this, considering we live in a perfectly free society run by upstanding people and instutions on sound economic principles.
We surely *don't* live in a global surveillance state increasingly bordering on fascism.
Edward Snowden is a *traitor*, Wikileaks is a terrorist organization and Larry Silverstein really did have an urgent appointment to see his dermatologist on the morning of 9/11. God bless America
@_date: 2014-05-12 21:54:49
Both systems have an issuance cost. That was my point.
You wrote:


In reply to the grandfather post:


My whole point is you need to sacrifice BTC to get a colored coin, just like you need to sacrifice BTC to get XCP.
@_date: 2014-05-16 18:34:05
According to Gavin, the available options as of today are to:
1. increase the rate at which blocks are created
2. increase the block size limit
Other options include:
- doing nothing
- seeing if theoretical concepts like "treechains sidechains" can prove themselves in the real world
People who dislike the first two options typically fall into the camp of not wanting the blockchain to move to the server.
People who only favor treechains and sidechains either know something we don't or are being rather forward thinking.
If it were possible to know with certainty the blockchain could be synced on your home Internet connection over Tor ten years from today, I personally don't see how you could take issue with either of Gavin's suggestions.
[4TB consumer SSDs will hit the market before 2016]( Monopolistic ISPs are already willing to install 300 mbps fiber connections, [they just need to be pressured by Google](
By the time the blockchain is sustaining 2000 transactions per second, which may never happen, online anonymity tools will have their shit together, and consumer hardware will be capable of handling the demands of a fast-growing blockchain.
@_date: 2014-02-15 21:45:56
Tor is a problem on Blockchain.info due to their use of CloudFlare anti-DDoS. CloudFlare rejects Tor exit nodes occasionally, which makes it difficult to ensure access to your account over Tor, and effectively impossible to anonymize API access to Blockchain.info.
They're a great company but they've definitely got a healthy dose of slick salesman rhetoric going for them. How again is Blockchain.info, a centralized wallet service that relies on a proprietary backend system which denies Tor connections, Satoshi's "vision of Bitcoin"? That is yet another example of fucking bullshit from Roger Ver; the first example would be his video testimony of the legitimacy of MtGox.
BTW- Blockchain.info's revenue comes from shared send. Killer feature in more ways than one. We will be sure to hear more of Blockchain.info in the news. I think 2014 could be a really rough year for major Bitcoin advocates if they don't clean up their act. Which is of course impossible. Bitcoin users can only trust open source, native wallets that cannot be push-updated with backdoors or hacked via JavaScript and browser exploits. Blockchain.info will soon find themselves to be the  target of law enforcement and New York regulators, who want to bake in anti-terrorist financing into the core protocol at any and all costs. It will be a rough year indeed...