@_author: pacodemierda
@_date: 2018-05-28 21:36:11
Hi RusAlex,
Thanks for your comments - they are noted. I am only looking short term (so inflation does not matter) - so if you had $2 billion you could corner the market today and making all coins sell off unless there was a very large buying pressure forming.
@_date: 2018-05-28 10:20:19
Fact 1: The Market Cap has been trending downwards in an oscillatory pattern for a very long time with literally 100% correlation among crypto currencies.
Fact 2: Rallies at the back of good news (and there have been plenty of good news) almost immediately get knocked down by sell-offs. Any rallies are short lived.
Fact 3: The volumes of selling required to tank the market are not that high (click on price on coinmarketcap.com for any of the top currencies), only a few hundred millions in the case of BTC. The response of any significant selling gets amplified substantially by the community of trend followers. In this context the trend followers are useful idiots (useful idiot = someone who runs errands for someone else without being aware of doing so). Any time any “agency” wants to push down the price, the actions of the accompanying useful idiots will amplify the downward move in the market (and vice versa).
Fact 4: The main “agencies” are backed by China and US governments and their objective is of course to destroy crypto markets as they severely decrease government influence and control vertically across society and threatens the traditional banking system. Ask yourself how many actors out there have order of magnitude $billions in crypto currencies to play with?(Tip - the answer is: not many). Any one with that kind of firepower can effectively corner the market in crypto currencies - i.e. control the price levels - by dumping quickly and pumping slowly (again just look at the realised volumes at times when prices fall on coinmarketcap.com). It has been done over and over in history in unregulated or poorly regulated markets. This way, the “agencies” will make money pushing down the total market cap by selling high and buying low - and the money is transferred from the trend followers (aka useful idiots) to the “agencies”. As the market cap dwindles, the firepower of the “agencies” increases (they move their gains to USDT for example). Now ask yourself whether China or the US would think it is worth putting a few billion USD to work in order to destroy crypto markets? Total crypto marketcap is less than one third of that of Apple Inc - it is peanuts compared to the amount of traditional assets in circulation. I repeat again - anyone with a couple of billion dollars could effectively corner the cryptomarkets - and control prices and price action as they wish. 
Fact 5: The “agencies” are already the biggest individual holders of crypto currencies - they reached that point some while ago and there is no coming back from this. Any positive projections of crypto market cap growth are delusional - they will not let that happen. Forget the dream of new ATHs. Any time the market tries to trend upwards they can knock it down by selling a few hundred millions dollars worth of BTC. Courtesy the trend following contingent, they can then buy it back at much cheaper levels while at the same time reducing market cap. Newly listed ICOs cannot but follow the flow downwards of the general market - any rallies swiftly stops.
Fact 6: McAfee and others can postulate as many rosy projections as much as they want but they should realize they have been cornered - the game is fundamentally rigged. It was not before - but now it is. So the irony is that it was not increased regulation that spelled the death for crypto markets - it was the fact that an unregulated (small) market, allows for cornering by actors with deep enough pockets - and these actors are essentially the China and US governments by proxy.
I badly want to be wrong on this analysis - and I hope that some of you can explain why that is the case.
