@_author: pad_see_eww
@_date: 2015-05-14 12:17:50
Tor doesn't add security. It only serves one purpose - to mask the originating IP address from your network traffic.
Tor is a trade-off that sacrifices some security for the sake of anonymity. If you're browsing the internet through Tor, you are guaranteeing that your network traffic is going through a hostile network where both governments and criminals are watching the traffic. Depending on where you live, it can be a lot less safe than just browsing from your ISP. You need to pay extra attention to your security if you browse through Tor.
@_date: 2015-05-15 02:21:08
The percentage of bitcoin holders that lost bitcoins in an exchange failure vs. the number of US dollar holders that lost their dollars in a bank failure is probably higher by a few orders of magnitude.
@_date: 2015-05-08 21:26:41
People seeking safe investments don't buy OTC stocks...
I'm guessing that people buying GBTC are retail speculators who just don't know any better. The same type of people who dump their life savings into a "sure thing" penny stock and get wiped out.
@_date: 2015-05-10 09:46:17
He's been hacked as hard as someone can be hacked. There's a 5GB archive of his emails floating around. There are recordings of his phone calls, voicemails, and his SMS message logs. There are nude pictures of his wife. His twitter account was hacked. Pretty much every website he's ever been involved in has been hacked. At this point, there's nothing else left to hack.
@_date: 2015-05-15 01:11:16
I do security research for a living. It's pretty rare for a well-known and standard crypto algorithm to be broken. It happens, but it's rare, and it usually takes 10-20 years. Normally a few weaknesses are found first, and the algorithm is deemed weak enough to deprecate before any real harm is done.
On the other hand, it's ridiculously common to find flaws in crypto implementations. It's a lot easier to prove that a crypto algorithm is "secure" than the million lines of code that implements that algorithm are secure. It only takes one minor coding mistake, sometimes a single small typo, to render a crypto implementation completely ineffective.
So yeah, the core bitcoin design is pretty solid. Nobody has found a major design flaw in the algorithm itself that could lead to complete compromise of the system. The big flaw that everyone is talking about in this thread was a bug in the code that implemented bitcoin (