@_author: paddavoet
@_date: 2019-09-10 20:25:10
Thank you Sir, I really hoped someone would get it. I even typed it out in his voice XD
@_date: 2019-09-10 20:09:05
So your argument is that your race excuses your racist cultural communications? And that just because you have always been "culturally communicating" in a racist manner, makes it ok?
You have a lot to learn about what people of color went through, and the price they had to pay to be recognized as equal human beings, before you have any claim to a "right to be racist". 
The mere fact that you think being black entitles you to throw racist slurs around, and that certain rules don't apply to you, is the purest definition of being racist.
Hide behind your "cultural communication" excuse for as long as you think you can, but i can say with absolute surety that your race, whatever it may be, does not give you exemption from any rules that apply to any other race. If a word is considered racist, it is just that. Regardless of whom is saying it to whom.
My initial comment was also not about your slur towards Akon, it was directed at how you dealt with someone whom you thought at the time was offended by your comment. 


That right there would make every man, woman and child that was killed in the struggle for equal rights and the outlawing of hate speech, weep from beyond their graves for the utter lack of understanding and respect of their sacrifice for the liberties you now enjoy at their expense.
Be my guest, don't change. I will be none the poorer for it, you just might though ;)
@_date: 2019-09-10 18:18:30
I'm pretty sure anti-racist groups and most governments as well as law enforcement agencies give a fuck.... So you should (but probably wont, as a rebellious outburst to being confronted) be a little less cavalier about it. Its easy for one to say they don't give a fuck, until it costs them prison time, or worse, personal harm.
Don't be so aggressively defensive when someone is rightly correcting your racist or insensitive statements. Just learn, apologize (optional, but preferable), and move on. 
, I agree with you bro, even if his slur was not racially inspired, his retort to your comment now makes seem like it is.
, there were many ways you could have chosen to respond to a comment about your bad choice of words, but you Sir, chose poorly.