@_author: paladin65536
@_date: 2014-01-26 17:33:14
Another coin is hardly a threat....if you check the prices, there are large swings up and down that can affect all the major coins, btc and alt. Something that is good for one coin is usually great for all of them.
@_date: 2014-01-26 22:16:58
Mostly because it takes a greater amount of technology to use. With paper money, it can exist in a tangible form in itself, so a transaction is just handing someone the bill, but BTC can't exist outside of a data device of some kind. This is both a strength and a weakness. While it means BTC can't be counterfeited nor minted to worthlessness, and it can be traded across the world in a moment, it is always reliant on the device that holds it, be it a cell phone or a HDD or a floppy disk. 
In general use, there're probably two kinds of people who will benefit the most from global use of BTC - those who make international purchases or travel between countries alot, and those whose national currency has a high rate of inflation. Many second and third world nations have a very high rate of inflation, and widespread use of BTC would certainly improve their economic condition in the long run, but most of the people in these nations are not even able to afford a device to hold BTC. This is a roadblock we will someday have to overcome.
Looking at BTC in another light, BTC in america is still used mostly by technologically skilled people (even if most don't think of themselves that way.) To contrast, I bought my dad a steam game yesterday, and he needed help installing it. When looking at him as representative of the general american population and considering his computer skills...it is a safe bet to say one of the future "bubbles" BTC will go through is when it truly becomes accessible to the general population.
And in the most immediate sense, to use BTC in person you need two things: a cell phone (or other device) with a wallet in it, and a retailer who will accept them. retailers may be flocking to BTC right now, but in terms of market share by percent, there're still very few out there, and most resell their BTC for USD on purchase. We won't really see a full functioning BTC economy until first: BTC retailers accept BTC for services rendered and then use BTC to restock whatever they might need, rather then simply reselling. And second: we develop a new, cheaply producible physical "wallet" that makes a BTC transaction as technologically easy to process as a debit card transaction. At that point, we'll have the ability to compete in first world nations.
@_date: 2014-01-26 17:25:45
Why would we want an altcoin to fail? atm, the very idea of a "digital currency" is revolutionary enough to make most non-tech people feel nervous (and so, lower the chance of a future "global currency" of cryptocoins). If major altcoins fail, then confidence in BTC will drop too.
@_date: 2014-03-16 18:53:35
No, it's been 33 minutes and it's still stable.
@_date: 2014-01-26 17:12:11
Probably thinking online purchases. Honestly, BTC is rather hard to use in person.
*braces for downvotes*