@_author: palso
@_date: 2018-02-26 12:59:08
:))) Love you, you will be my personal clown.
And yea, teach me about blockchain pls. I only mined my first BTC in 2010, run two crypto businesses, advised two projects and I'm part of the team of a Top 20 market cap coin - not a token, but separate blockchain / protocol.
Teach me sir, more exclamation marks and insults, you can do it. Also, don't forget memes. Makes you a true crypto justice fighter.
@_date: 2018-02-27 18:10:46
So at first I'm a sucking maggot sucking my mommy tits, now I'm Roger Ver and I love that useless fork and dick face.
Damn son, you must be so mad :) As I said, your just a pathetic Reddit clown. Swear how much you want, rage how much you want. Won't change the fact you're just another wannabe.
I actually never seen someone as mad as you for a long time. Don't forget to breath my boy. I'm going to work on my project so I you're mad even more. Love you and don't cry tonight please.
@_date: 2018-02-26 02:30:27
Yes, you don’t give a fuck because you’re just another crypto clown, one of the reasons this market is still immature and full of noobs. It’s okay though, hold your two bitcoins so eventually you can invest into education. Till then, you’re just another Reddit clown posting memes who has no clue about crypto, market and business.
@_date: 2018-02-24 21:24:04
You’re everything that’s wrong with current crypto traders. Uneducated noob who has no clue about Bitcoin or futures. Let me enlight your Wall St conspiracy:
- Total volume of futures is between 100-150 millions, monthly. That’s lower than PIVX/BTC trading volume on Binance. Literally no one cares.
- CME is being used by normal, average people and traders. It’s not a supersecret Wall St. illuminati exchange owned by evil banksters.
- Those Wall St assholes, if they want to, will buy/sell BTC in fashion you won’t be able to understand. There are separate regulated broker houses for large BTC trading - you probably didn’t even know that, right? Do you actually think people pouring BILLIONS into BTC are using Coinbase or CME?
Stop posting shit on Reddit and go educate yourself you clown. Uneducated mad boy. On the other hand, I’m glad I’m trading against people like you. Thanks.