@_author: pamphletbomb
@_date: 2016-08-01 12:36:33
So you want to argue about what I meant by "interchangeable" given context of my posts? Do you honestly think I meant that two units of a thing are spatially swappable? I don't think you're arguing in good faith.
You were trying to argue that dollars in banks are *perfectly* fungible, and you try to weasel out of any situation in which it is obvious that two bank account dollars are not fungible, by saying that if no one objects, then it's fungible by your definition.
The consequence of that nonsense is that anything that is not perfectly fungible is now perfectly fungible as long as we can come up with some reason why no one would object to the transfer.
That's why a reasonable usage of your bad definition of fungibility, which you're perplexed about no one else using, yields odd results, like peanuts being perfectly fungible with ball-point pens -as long as no one objects-, whereas no such oddity exists with the standard definition everyone else is using.
The standard definition, I might add, leads to the conclusion that traceability negatively impacts fungibility, whether you like it or not.
@_date: 2016-11-14 14:32:37
Don't you think part of the reason for this is because C++ is a [weird Frankenstein velociraptor](
@_date: 2016-10-31 21:04:09
So I guess your PHD in microbiology or proteomics didn't work out for you? I guess you've switched gears and now you've gotten your PHD in Bitcoinology and landed a sweet job at a "bitcoin company".
Good for you, I'm glad you're moving up in the world.
@_date: 2016-07-28 20:57:26
You are wildly incorrect.
Perfect fungibility means that any two units of a thing are interchangeable. If one unit is irreversibly identifiable in any way from another it is no longer perfectly fungible. Therefore it follows that if a unit is traceable it is also not perfectly fungible.
It makes no difference whatsoever what the source of that permanent identifiability comes from.
You've been bamboozled by the application of a word that is typically applied to a physical thing, who's fungibility is only affected by physical alteration. With a cryptocurrency, one has to be concerned about identifiability problems that don't typically exist with physical things.
No one can keep track of every atom of Gold. Melting it down and making it indistinguishable from any other piece of gold is trivial. If we couldn't do that, Gold could also have problems with fungibility.
We *do* tend to keep track of every unit of bitcoin. It's not easy to "melt it down" and make it indistinguishable. That's a problem.
@_date: 2016-07-29 03:10:12
**"More percisely, one can be replaced by the other without objections by either party." -jstolfi**
In what world is a less precise definition more precise?
I say, "Blue is 450–495 nm wavelength of light."
You say, "More precisely, Blue is whatever people perceive it as."
All you've done is muddied the conversation with a *less* precise definition. 
This definitely helps explain why you don't understand people are connecting fungibility with traceability. (Your definition is imprecise and bad.)
**"Dollar bills are identifiable by their serial numbers..." -jstolfi**
Dollar bills are not as fungible as gold, QED.
**"Money in bank accounts is perfectly fungible... Yet... it is completely traceable." -jstolfi**
Money in banks is not perfectly fungible, but again this reflects your bad definition of fungibility. Yes it might be exchanged between people without objection, generally, but that doesn't change the fact that not all bank account dollars are equally interchangeable.
Again, it follows from the definition of fungibility. If something is perfectly fungible, then two units are interchangeable. If two units are interchangeable, then they aren't uniquely identifiable. If they aren't uniquely identifiable, then they aren't traceable.
In reverse; If something is traceable among units of a group, it's uniquely identifiable. If it is uniquely identifiable, then it's not perfectly interchangeable with other units in the group. If it's not perfectly interchangeable with other units in the group, then it's not perfectly fungible.
It's perfectly logical, if you don't have a definition of fungibility that you should feel bad about.
@_date: 2016-07-18 13:06:11
I know everybody doesn't like banks and stuff, but you definitely don't seem to have actually read the article.
"Juno, which is still in development at JPMorgan, is an open sourced project, and available on a Github repository."
@_date: 2016-07-29 03:46:19
**I ask how a less precise definition can be more precise, and he shows how a more precise definition can be more precise.**
You can't make up a definition nobody actually uses in the real world that relies on the subjective valuation of humans and then call it more precise.
**"Well, that is nonsense. If that was true, then nothing would be fungible..." -jstolfi**
Almost nothing is *perfectly* fungible. Abstract numbers are perfectly fungible. Z-Cash might be. So what? Nothing is perfectly round either, do you want to reinvent that word as well?
We're just arguing semantics at this point though, because when we accurately define the term "fungible", you don't have any argument to stand on.
@_date: 2016-07-22 13:12:37
That's not what a goalpost is for. That's like saying, "They moved the goalposts and now as long as the ball is in the stadium, they get a point."
Typically, when you're saying your opponent moved the goalpost, it means they made it harder for you to make your point. This does literally exactly the opposite.
@_date: 2016-07-29 12:48:22
Nonsense. According to your definition a gold coin could very well be fungible with a silver coin, as long as no one objects (Which could very well be the case if they are very different weights.). We could go further than that; As long as no one objects a cow could be fungible with a gold coin. A pair of pliers could be fungible with a bag of potato chips.
So you're not even being internally consistent with your bad definition.