@_author: pancakeman86
@_date: 2014-02-25 21:49:15
I don't think any one knows what happened to them. They weren't "fake" coins. I think the most common theory is that they were "lost" through an exploit in how Mt.Gox was recording their transactions. Where they went is anyone's guess. Whether they went to the people at Mt. Gox (they took it for themselves) or if some anonymous hackers took them seems to be up in the air.
In either case the coins started to "disappear" and it seems like Mt.Gox had to shutdown operations because they realized they didn't have enough reserves to honor their liabilities (money is people's accounts). Sort of like if a bank somehow just ran out money to honor your withdrawals. Of course bank accounts being insured by the FDIC in the event something like this happens, but nothing like that exists for btc....which is why mt. gox going down is such a big deal.    
At least, this is how I understand a lot of this. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 18:13:58
If your an account than you should know there are several types of bankruptcy. There is reorganization of assets to pay off whatever debt you can (depending on the state), and in some cases a debt can get discharged depending on the type of debt you hold.
No one knows what Mt. Gox worked out with their lawyers but they could been absolved of their debts. People do fill bankruptcy to get out certain debts they know they can't ever pay back.      
@_date: 2014-02-26 15:59:43
Dumb analogy. There is close to half a billion users on gmail. If gmail went down you can bet that the internets will shit a brick. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 17:49:17
First my heart goes out to all those that lost significant chunk of their savings. It sucks being being conned by someone and it must hurt losing so much. 
I do have a simple question though. What I don't understand is why anyone would keep such a huge chunk of their reserves on an online exchange. Online exchanges should only be used to trade coins. For example, I don't think people would keep a large amount of money in a paypal account since it isn't safe or insured there.
If your planning on holding them why not move them into a cold wallet? I would think most people who buy/sale bitcoins are internet/tech savvy people who would know the inherent risks of storing large amounts of money in an online, unreliable website.   
@_date: 2014-03-07 22:00:15
I'm sorry did I offend you? Or do you lack reading comprehension. Or maybe your looking to complain about something on the internet. 
Where in my statement did I call someone naive or attack someone's  knowledge or claim to know more than someone. Sorry if you like to grasp at straws to instigate an argument. 
All I said was that there are situations in bankruptcy where people are discharged of debts. I didn't attack anyone. Yes in bankruptcy there is reorganization of assets so you can pay debts over time and in some cases they are dissolved. To say you are responsible to pay off all your debts still after bankruptcy is simply wrong. It depends which type of bankruptcy is filed and the court settlement. No one knows about the Mt. Gox settlements since they are all new and what they are obligated to pay and what liabilities were dissolved. Unless you know something everyone else doesn't.     
If you don't believe me go spend 10 minutes reading bankruptcy laws. It's not my job to teach you facts. I made a simple statement to add to a debate. Nice try trying to troll though.        