@_author: pandamonium111
@_date: 2017-08-05 05:33:49
Only BTc.  Hence the coinomi.  There's just not a lot of BCC wallet options yet. 
@_date: 2017-08-03 19:52:55
Yup, just dumped some BCH, didn't get a great price though.  Transaction wouldn't go through at 0.14 or 0.13 btc, ended up selling for 0.12.  I assume that's because the site was down so nobody was on there putting in buy orders.  I panic sold I guess, but I'm still happy to have my free btc!
@_date: 2017-08-03 19:09:37
Coinomi worked for me yesterday.  ElectronCash was buggy on my mac, didn't work at all. Steer clear.  There's a few options like BitcoinABC but those are full node wallets.  The only one I could get to work to sweep my BCC from my paper wallet was coinomi android app.  Worked superbly tbh.  I transferred the BTC to a blockchain.info wallet, then used coinomi to sweep the BCC into that wallet then sent that immediately to ViaBTC. Confirmed after 2 hours, then sold immediately.  
@_date: 2017-08-04 03:23:54
Paper wallet is low tech and safe if you do it right.
Exchanges are less safe but less easy to mess up. There's a ton of them- coinbase, bittrex, Poloniex, bitfinex, Kraken, etc etc 
A hardware wallet like a ledger, Trezor, or keepkey is easy to set up and very safe but involves a (small) up-front investment. 
There's also full node wallets, many different implementations of those, very secure but really techy and hardware/bandwith-intensive. 
@_date: 2017-08-04 03:24:35
For leverage? File some trumped up charges to get him in their grip? Shady af 
@_date: 2017-08-04 03:03:52
Coinomi worked well. I couldnt get electron cash to work on my mac, and from the research I was doing it is reported to be very buggy, so I used a samsung phone to download the coinomi app. Super easy, had my BCH off the paper wallet and then transferred to an exchange within a few minutes. The other option is the full node wallets but unless you have a few hundred gb of HD space...
@_date: 2017-08-05 04:59:47
This is exactly what I did to split my coins and dump the BCC: 
Make an account on Bittrex or ViaBTC or HitBtc or whichever exchange you want to use to dump your BCC.  
Make an account on blockchain.info (I used the IPhone app). 
Make an account on Coinomi (google play app) or Electron Cash (which I spent 2 hours trying to get to work and never was able to make it work, advise you steer clear). 
Create a new (empty) paper wallet for Bitcoin. 
Then: 
Use blockchain.info app to sweep the regular bitcoins to a new BITCOIN wallet.  (Important note; Make sure to only transfer BTC to a BTC wallet, and only transfer BCC/BCH to a BCC/BCH wallet address. People have been making the mistake of transferring to the wrong kind of address and losing their coins) 
Transfer the Bitcoin from blockchain to the second paper wallet. 
At this point your first wallet will have the BCC still on it, and the new wallet will have your BTC safe and sound. 
That's all you need to do if you want to just split them between two wallets. 
but if you want to sell the BCC, then you use the Coinomi app or Electron Cash (not recommended) to sweep your BCC from the first wallet to a BCC wallet, and then transfer  from there to an exchange (i.e. one of the ones noted above). 
Of note: once you sweep your BTC from the first wallet, your private key has been accessed, so the paranoid among us recommend that you then get your BCC off the first wallet immediately- apparently some targeted malware can detect that the private key has been used and steal the key and then steal the rest of your coins if there's any left.  Basically never leave any coins on any wallet once the private key has left your hands. 