@_author: pandacoin-ozzke
@_date: 2014-11-14 12:35:13
I'm one of the devs of Pandacoin and actually saw this passing by in my twitterfeed.
Why are there so many cryptocurrencies? There are 3 basic reasons.
1) Because some devs hope to make quick money out of it, the results in a coin with a lifespan of a few weeks/ a month max and ends up with a lot of sad and disgruntled bagholders. (Classic pump and dump as mentioned in other comments)
2) Because they want to provide for a specific niche, like anonymous coins for less "legal" activities, weedcoins for buying/Selling legal weed,...
3) Because Bitcoin is fundamentally flawed and Bitcoin is awesome, but there are a lot of points that can be improved upon. You can see Bitcoin as version 1.0, it's great it runs, and people are using it. But there are so many things that are not ideal. Huge blockchain, low transactionspeed, mining not being profitable, possible 51% attacks,... Then you have developers (like us) who really like Bitcoin but are convinced that long term there needs to be a better alternative, with more innovative ideas and technology. We see Bitcoin (due to the factors listed above) as a commodity and not as a currency. We want Pandacoin to be a currency.
At the moment alts are popping up and dieing like crazy, this will probably continue for a good 2-3 years and after that the dust will settle and only a handful will be left. We're convinced we will be there. More info you can find on  or feel free to pop by at 
@_date: 2014-11-14 13:03:10
because you can't change the fundamentals of the protocol at this point, minor changes to bitcoin take months of preparation and work. Big changes are not possible anymore due to the size.
We're definitely not working against bitcoin, bitcoin has a future, as a commodity in our opinion, not as a currency.
@_date: 2014-11-14 12:53:09
I don't know what you're talking about. How can I be responsible for a giveaway of some community members.
Just saw the topic on twitter and decided to reply here. 
A bit shocked by the reaction from the bitcoin community. Thought my post was constructive and respectful and addressed OP's questions.
@_date: 2014-11-14 13:33:42
This is really a constructive post. 
We're really focussing on making it more accessible for everyone to manage their wallet, to make buying the coin easier, just to make it more appealing for the general public. (if you want you can check the wallet which resembles a normal online banking interface)
The only thing I don't completely agree with is that new features could easily be implemented in Bitcoin. They've been working on speeding up the blockchain download with 8 devs for 6 months. We've been working for that with 1 dev for 2 months and ours is ready ;).
Also since the source/wallet is already so widely distributed it's a lot more difficult to change things now since everyone would have to download a new version which is quite complicated.
But thanks for your honest and constructive view on altcoins :)
(on a sidenote, pandacoin has one of the fairest launches in crypto history for the record ;))
@_date: 2014-11-14 12:43:09
wrong. Might want to do a little more research: 