@_author: panek
@_date: 2017-11-01 18:37:14
That's not even remotely how things work... There is no ETH needed in private chains... 
@_date: 2017-09-18 02:34:57
If by scaling problems you mean ground-breaking innovations that will lead to unprecedented scaling of linear blockchains while maintaining security then sure, you can call them "problems". They may ultimately prove unsuccessful but I'm not sure you can hand-waive Raiden, PoS, plasma and sharding away as if they are aren't major innovations in this space. 
@_date: 2017-09-18 06:28:18
Neither of the 4 I mentioned are bugfixes. LN doesn't exist on main net yet so I'm not sure how something can be compatible with it and Raiden is now on testnet. PoS is indeed unproven but is actively being developed and hybrid PoS will be tested within the next 6 months. This isn't a dick-measuring contest it's about taking a step back and being objective particularly when a bitcoin dev is making claims that most of the innovation in crypto is happening in bitcoin. If you make that claim you need to back it up somehow. I mean it's borderline delusional because it's objectively easy to verify the superior innovation within Ethereum, Monero and potentially others like IOTA. 
@_date: 2017-10-30 22:03:53
Exactly. But you're bringing facts to an opinion fight ;p
Reality is that Solidity is constantly improving and it takes time to develop the perfect language for a new technology like smart contracts. Having new languages is actually a great thing and if Simplicity proves a strong competitor then it only makes Ethereum and other smart-contracting platforms stronger. Win-Win. 
@_date: 2017-10-31 15:57:10
First, it didn’t happen today so today’s price is irrelevant. Second, ETH forked to prevent the theft. That’s the beautiful thing about all blockchains — mission critical bugs can be dealt with using drastic but necessary forks.
You’re missing two other sources by the way. No one in the corporate world cares about TheDAO — it’s old news and was handled appropriately. Fact is that interest in Ethereum and blockchain in the corporate world is massive and increasing every day (just look at the growth of the EEA with MasterCard recently joining). And every day there’s a new CEO quoting [“blockchain not bitcoin”]( 
And in most cases that means private permissioned blockchains built on Ethereum or Fabric. And guess what the Ethereum chains use? Solidity. Some of those private chains will eventually want to connect to the public chain and when they do it’s very likely Ethereum or another native smart-contracting platform that will serve as the predominant public chain. 
@_date: 2017-10-30 22:13:28
You realize that Ethereum can easily implement Simplicity if it proves superior? And would likely be easier to implement in Ethereum. Also, formal verification will never 100% prevent bugs. You can only prove what you intended to prove as I understand it.
Creating new smart contracting languages is a win-win for Ethereum and the entire crypto-community. But that would require admitting that smart contracts are useful and we know how hard that is for some ;P
Any new language will require sufficient battle-testing and upgrades over time. Let's hope that Blockstream can manage that efficiently and with civility. 
Finally, let's not forget that a language like Simplicity could only exist because of the trials and tribulations of languages before it (like Solidity). 
@_date: 2017-10-30 22:16:09
Haven't you heard? Contentious hard forks are good for bitcoin (but not any other blockchain) because they are a form of quantitative easing... smh...  
@_date: 2017-10-30 22:25:32
I don't know if it's superior it was just released ;P 
Solidity is a proven language with thousands of developers and is being constantly upgraded. 
Would take some time for people to battle-test it and switch over and there will likely be those who prefer one language over the other. Competition is good and only pushes improvements. Simplicity won't be the last smart contracting language. 
@_date: 2017-10-30 21:48:09


Source? What's a "giga" screwup? Is that 100x worse than a "mega" screwup?




