@_author: panglozz
@_date: 2014-03-02 20:23:34
No. But the case has not been sold to the remittance senders.  In the US, these are by-and-large vulnerable (no documents) and have remedial understanding of tech gizmos.  They are not going to be leading the adoption curve.
The remittance receivers (even more tech challenged) want fungible currency for consumption purposes.  A multi-level conversion back to a spendable cash currency imposes steep transaction risk and cost at every step.  I imagine a Philippine villager paying the local moneychanger 8% to make the unintelligible string of characters turn to something you can buy roof sheeting with. Chances are the moneychanger will pocket a bit on the side as well. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 22:13:53
The article is essential because it highlights the five parties  solution to the problem of corrupt actors.
We are watching 200K Bitcoins flow away from Gox in real-time, and prep for criminal laundry and fencing.   In a genuine currency, these tx would be embargoed and the thief brought to account.  There is no method in BTC to end the thievery. A currency must be as secure as socially and technologically possible,  "a store of value" -- or it is counter-definitional.  BTC is losing all credibility as a medium of exchange, due to its inherent   inability to embargo fraud.
@_date: 2014-03-05 16:12:54
The current use case of BTC is for tax evasion and evasion of export capital control in China and elsewhere.
The investment in BTC in hopes of a spectacular return in appreciation of its USD exchange value is not a use case (as there is no circulation of the so-called currency), but static investment in a commodity.
The much trumpted retail use is trivial, and uneconomic.  Why buy a double orange frappicino with a BTC, if you are hoping to double your money on BitStamp speculation.  The transaction cost (risk, loss of appreciation, and time-expense) of BTC is enormous, and not receeding. 
@_date: 2014-03-12 14:10:11
The allegation is true.  I had interactions with Judd Bagley where he engaged in pre-texting and spyware.  I was involved in the issue of the suit against Linux by the Utah-based SCO Group.  For various reasons, Bagley and Byrne became convinced that the Linux supporters were co-extensive with the "cabal" they believed were  attempting to destroy their company.  It was simple mis-identification (sound familiar), but in their hyper-active paranoid mindset, they turned the Linux group into arch-enemies and began a project to destroy us.   This included inserting tracking cookies into emails sent from genuine and hacked accounts, insertion of mal-ware and x-site scripting attacks.
I believe, based on my personal experience, that Byrne is dangerously unstable, willing to fabricate and dissemble,  and a megalomaniac -- unable to recognize evidence if it conflicts with his preconceived world view.  I believe in time Judd Bagley came to a similar conclusion and has severed ties with Byrne. 
Byrne is the son of a very wealthy insurance magnate, and has the classic wastrel son issues.  He has been set up in a "safe" business by his concerned father, but continues to make a real hash of it.
@_date: 2014-03-14 00:01:42
Just google the principal of the BTC mining operation.
He has a "SCAM, SCAM, SCAM" trail extending back to at least 2006.
His MO was a "premium SMS" service that used pretexting to sign up unwitting users, and charged them exorbitant monthly fees to send them the name of "their one true love" 
This is nothing BTC wants to be associated with, another long-term computer scamster.
@_date: 2014-03-12 16:35:29
The post-BK MtGOX binary transactions are the case in point. These are obviously criminal --whether by an insider, or the (purported) hackers with access to keys and code.
A mature Banking system would embargo these transactions until their legitimacy could be adjudicated.  BitCoin absorbed and "confirmed" them -- this is not a legitimate currency if it fails to protect property owners.
@_date: 2014-03-14 00:10:32
Just google the principal of the BTC mining operation. He has a "SCAM, SCAM, SCAM" trail extending back to at least 2006. His MO was a "premium SMS" service that  signed up unwitting users, and charged them exorbitant monthly fees to send them the name of "their one true love"
This is nothing BTC wants to be associated with, another long-term computer scamster.   
 
@_date: 2014-03-08 04:26:53
Growing up around Philadelphia, the Mafia ran the vending machine business.  It was a way of laundering money, and selling stolen cigarettes.   Kept a lot of blue collar Italian truckdrivers employed  servicing the machines and carrying the coins back to the counting rooms. 
Laundering money is hard work with genuine costs.   
This theft is pioneering massive money whitewash in a way that has none of the gritty inefficiency of the Mafia Cigarette machine business (they had to stock gumballs on the side, too).
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:01:27
The overhead cost of payment processors (e.g. VISA) reflect the cost-value of the service.  These are not thieving expropriation based on monopoly pricing -- they actually express the cost of security, charge-back, payment processing.
BTC must explain how it reduces that constellation of costs for retail.  The claim it is frictionless and efficient for micro-transactions is possible, but unconvincing to me.  For transactions at the retail scale, the cost-efficiency of credit card (and next-gen NFC solutions) is unbeatable.   At wholesale level, it seems that any transaction is going to be intermediated by conversion to USD or similar taxable reserve currency, making the BTC portion irrelevant.
@_date: 2014-03-07 18:54:00
Excuse me but it appears you are saying that transactions require future vision.  Once the weak link breaks - there is no recovery or moratorium, and the fault lies in inadequate evaluation of an actor's essential trustworthy-ness.  
No one can discover the future thief prior to the thievery. Predict some, of course, but are you saying along with a blockchain, a fully distributed "trustworthy karma" score must be spread throughout the user-world, and that karma won't be hacked and stolen as well.  Sheep-to-slaughter, indeed.  
@_date: 2014-03-13 04:43:36
From the Wiki article you took the effort to link:
""Web bugs can be used in combination with HTTP cookies like any other object transferred using the HTTP protocol.""
But this is technical misdirection, and this is not my first rodeo. 
 Byrne divides the world up into manichean, polar opposites,  his mental map is an enormous battlefield of light and dark, saints and sinners.   How this relates to the low-margin biz of selling the left-over dross of bankrupt furniture dealers is left to the confederates.  His biz was in trouble because it is a low-margin, high capital cost, warehouse intensive, and easily obsoleted biz.  He spent millions on vanity projects and poorly managed his computer database.  
His "look, look, The SITH lord commeth" act was a magicians sleight of hand  to distract from the grubby world of selling garage sale left-overs for less than they cost to purchase.  Thanks to daddy's largesse, he could keep up the appearances for long enough to seek mental intervention.
@_date: 2014-02-28 16:39:43
On Dec 31, 2013, the FIG BTC stake was worth $16.298mm.
At the market closing price of $732 USD, this represents 22.26k BTC.   
Current pricing values that at $12,691 m.   And for the record the purchase price is $898 (making the buy in the last week or November, or in two periods of December).
Hedge funds /  Private equity, as a practice try to collar investment downside by selling relatively low cost options.  The BTC market has not matured enough to have a liquid option-style exchange.  FIG might invest in mining or (as reported) exchange start-up which function like a call option.
@_date: 2014-03-12 23:25:05
I am not Gary Weiss.  I have had the briefest email exchange with Weiss, where I initially alerted him to Bagley's insertion of web-bugs in html messages (in the initial case, unique invisible pixels that set a tracking cookie).  Weiss was blissfully unaware of their existence until I alerted him.  
Rather than relent on the intrusion, subsequently Bagley endeavored to make his "detective work" more professional, resorting to various social engineering ploys to entice visits to honey pots with x-site scripting functions.
Byrne is a fabulist, telling tales that make no sense of cloak and dagger meetings with shadowy Eastern European terrorists, many of the more absurd renditions are carefully scrubbed from the web by his aide-de-camp.  His mind seems to generate paranoid fantasies, interrupted by periods of more lucid thought.   