@_author: pantheonly
@_date: 2017-12-12 05:58:12
is a scam, do not ever go there for any information. It is essentially a blockchain replica from 1st of August.
This split mean one thing only, it is designed to steal bitcoins.
Quite simply, under the guise of "being a bitcoin for the future" by multiplying the network transaction from 1mb to 8mb...
This narrow minded scope only lead to this current mess called bitcoin cash ^tm not to be confused with Bitcoin (core). They are both very different things.
What it means for you, if you originally had BTC and have the option to "exchange" your Bitcoin (core) to Bitcoin Cash, they are essentially taking your private keys and handing you back monopoly money.
Or if you have Bitcoin Cash (of they like to call BCH), then you better sell it quick because you have been scammed.
@_date: 2018-09-14 08:50:55
None of them.
I'll tell you why, it is because of greed.
@_date: 2018-09-14 09:01:43
The writing is on the wall, there is no trust in these alt coins and I've been making posts about it for a while now.
The only thing you need to know is that greed is stronger than building the right technology.
Bitcoin, etherium, litecoin they are the backbone and when they fail, the rest of the coins will never hold their own.
The reason is that greed will pile up in shit coins in droves as the profits that can be gained are cancerous larger than the gains on bitcoin. As long as you see that sign, you know these coins are not to be trusted.
The smaller an establish community is, the more skittish I recommend becoming, as that market is too enchanted by hype and fud, any more than $10 worth on a $0.02 per shit coin is already wasting too. much money. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 10:14:03
is a scam, do not ever go there for any information. It is essentially a blockchain replica from 1st of August.
This split mean one thing only, it is designed to steal bitcoins. Quite simply, under the guise of "being a bitcoin for the future" by multiplying the network transaction from 1mb to 8mb...
This narrow minded scope only lead to this current mess called bitcoin cash tm not to be confused with Bitcoin (core). They are both very different things.
What it means for you, if you originally had BTC and have the option to "exchange" your Bitcoin (core) to Bitcoin Cash, they are essentially taking your private keys and handing you back monopoly money. Or if you have Bitcoin Cash (of they like to call BCH), then you better sell it quick because you have been scammed.
@_date: 2018-09-14 08:36:25
Because shit coins are shit coins. More market value does not change the fact they are shit. 