@_author: pants_full_of_pants
@_date: 2017-07-12 20:41:33
It just simply isn't. 
@_date: 2017-07-12 23:31:08
The thing is I think understanding how cryptocurrencies work is a critical step in buying into it and trusting that it is a good idea to start turning real cash into it and start using it. Just saying "It's the most secure form of currency there is" isn't enough for the average person who maybe gets a credit card number stolen once every 5 years and isn't hurt by it. For me, I wasn't a believer until I fully understood how the blockchain works and how it makes a ton more sense than any form of currency invented by a government.
I have a hard time imagining what it would take for it to really take off and become more than a relatively niche thing with a reputation of being for doomsdayers, investors, or black market dealers.
@_date: 2017-07-12 18:59:33
If Bitcoin wasn't so complicated to set up it probably would be a lot further along by now. 99% of the people who still watch TV for their news are never going to buy Bitcoin, even if they wanted to, because they'll google it and see the steps involved and give up before they even finish reading the instructions.
Is there no initiative to make the process easier?
@_date: 2017-07-12 20:37:13
Dude don't be ridiculous. It's a hundred times more complicated than setting up a PayPal account and you know it. 
For PayPal you just fill out a simple form with data from a check using an existing bank account that you already have and understand completely, and they have pictures and diagrams to help you do that much. There's no research required and it doesn't involve any new vocabulary or concepts.
Bitcoin is more like setting up a new bank account with a completely foreign currency and a ton of words you've never seen before, and first understanding the concept of bitcoin as a whole, that you host the account on your own hardware instead of any institution, and that you have to download the whole blockchain in the process (and what the blockchain even is). Then you have to shop around and research a dozen exchanges, understand the concept of buying a tiny fraction of a "single coin" and the dynamic exchange rate, figuring out where (if anywhere) you can even spend it for things you'd otherwise buy with cash, and possibly learning about the tax implications.
It's a completely bizarre system to everyone the first time they hear about it and it requires a non-trivial investment to learn about it, and significantly more than that to understand how to go about using it.
Let's not pretend any sizable portion of any modern population is interested in going through all that effort. People are lazy and these days feel like they have enough to worry about. 
Some kind of global cryptocurrency is probably going to take over eventually. But it ain't gonna be this in its current form. Unless some crazy politician somewhere decides to mandate teaching about it in schools. It's got to be made simpler or the masses will just not bother.