@_author: panzerdrek
@_date: 2014-11-10 05:48:40
Don't ever read [Foucault's Pendulum]( You will have an aneurysm. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 18:53:28
Capital gains is based on the difference between the purchase price and sale price, realized gains. The two people that purchased Bitcoins at different times would have different tax liabilities, meaning their two Bitcoins are *not* equivalent to the holder of the Bitcoin making the transaction. Each has a different cost associated with a Bitcoin transaction. The fact that you are only looking at the sale price is an indication of your misunderstanding of Capital Gains, not his. 


When you use a dollar to buy something, this isn't treated as realized gains. Thus, you are not taxed for a transaction. From my understanding, now every time you use a Bitcoin to buy something you will be subject to capital gains. Now, maybe I am wrong on that, and if any tax lawyer wants to come in here and correct me then please do. However, from my reading of the article that is the guy's point.
@_date: 2014-04-11 04:09:45
The problem in much of the developing world is poorly developed property rights, or worse yet, excessive negative property rights that prevents them from leveraging their assets and converting them into productive capital.
@_date: 2014-03-26 20:58:26
Well sure, if I convert dollars to Euros. Any foreign exchange is ultimately taxable. But if I am paid in Euros and spend my money in Euros, assuming I am a resident of Europe, then no tax applies because no gains are realized. This is not the case if I am paid in Bitcoins and spend my money in Bitcoin a month later as a resident of the U.S. This is one of many reasons why people don't make a habit of making their purchases in Euros in the united states. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 06:36:11
How can they be competitive when they have to fund a massive debt liability on top of regular operating costs?
@_date: 2014-11-15 17:52:37
Complaining about complaining about circlejerking is also circlejerking. It's circlejerking all the way down!
@_date: 2014-05-02 17:41:50


There are three reasons. The first is, as you say, that proving the elements of money laundering may be easier than proving the elements of other crimes in certain circumstances. But this is *especially* true in cases where the defendant is guilty of a multitude of crimes, but you can only prove two or three. 
Secondly, proving money laundering is a way to increase overall sentencing. This is relevant because there is an additional level of moral culpability at play here. The defendant is endangering the credibility of financial systems through their actions. 
Third, additional sentencing provides additional deterrence. By creating an additional charge for money laundering, the defendant now has to choose between reducing the risk of being caught by using money laundering, but thus increasing their sentencing and increasing the risk of being caught but reducing their sentencing. The end result is that sentencing should align with risk in such a way as to make both practices an irrational and undesirable act to the potential offender. This is a major factor in lots of sentencing. SEntencing isn't just about punishment. It is about deterrance. The harder it is to catch someone for a given crime, the more we tend to increase punishment because otherwise the deterrent effect would not work. Rationally, the costs of punishment*risk has to exceed the benefit of the crime to dissuade the rational actor. A very low risk of being caught thus swings the equation towards making crime a rational act. Therefore, we sometimes have to increase punishment to discourage such rational actors. 
@_date: 2014-02-05 06:57:19
Surely you must agree that no Superman  makes someone happy in a way at all proportional to the marginal utility of that much money. At a minimum, if the utility is derived from happiness, they must wildly overestimate the degree of happiness bought when buying Superman  It is almost certainly more the sometimes irrational reaction to perceived scarcity that occurs in the human mind that causes us to assign values far beyond actual utility. 
@_date: 2014-10-27 02:21:49
Wont you still have the problem that if network usage increases that confirmations will slow down dramatically as miners go offline?
@_date: 2014-04-22 02:44:00


That is where you are mistaken. Asking for evidence and calling in to question the validity of a claim is not, itself, a claim. It is a *criticism* of the claim. 


MistakeNot never made an alternative claim. MistakeNot never claimed that the initial claim could not possibly be true. MistakeNot only criticized the initial claim for not providing proof, which is a perfectly valid logical form of argument. You however responded with a classic burden of proof fallacy. That is not valid logic. Now you are simply engaging in various insults because you know you have no actual argument. 


I'd be bored too if I was as stupidly stubborn as you seem to be. You are quite obviously wrong. At least have the balls to admit it. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 18:33:33
That is central to the author's point. Each Bitcoin now has a distinct value at the same time because the degree of capital gains that applies to each Bitcoin at any particular moment in time is different. This essentially means each Bitcoin has a different value to each holder. That is definitely relevant. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 22:23:40
I don't think you understand how arguments by analogy actually work. 
@_date: 2014-10-27 03:31:23
Difficulty will adjust but total number of transactions will increase.
@_date: 2014-01-09 13:36:15
[Coin]( is not the same as Bitcoin. Your title is incorrect. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 18:36:39
I think you don't understand the author's point. With this ruling, any two Bitcoins are no longer identical at the same time because the capital gains on each Bitcoin is different. This *does* undermine fungibility, because fungibility requires two items to be mutually interchangeable or equivalent. This is no longer the case. My Bitcoin is no longer the same as your Bitcoin depending on when we each bought them. The price at which we each bought our Bitcoins will now rationally influence when we exchange them, and will change the value of any given transaction. That is a big deal.  
@_date: 2014-03-17 14:32:06
Good luck showing damages. 
@_date: 2014-03-17 17:42:02
I see everyone has learned their lesson.
@_date: 2014-03-06 22:51:06


99% of my life is a lie!
@_date: 2014-04-30 21:58:53


Why would you need to do this? Money exchanges aren't public information. It's not as if I can look at your bank account, so why would you need to launder money? To protect it from people who can't even look?
@_date: 2014-02-08 11:13:46
That strikes me as an awfully selective, almost whitewashed history of Apple. Apple was like 80% about refining design, something they were remarkably good at to be sure, but outside of the Apple II, they were hardly revolutionaries. Steve Jobs himself was a perfectionists and a "visionary" in the sense of being the sort of guy that was very good at executing to a particular vision. He was also a control freak and an abusive egomaniac. The progress he embraced was progress that served his very particular vision. Anything that didn't line up with it he frequently and casually maligned. 
Bottom line is, I really don't see how Bitcoin in any way could have possibly lined up with Steve Jobs vision of the future of Apple. Bitcoin is a decentralized open source protocol. That is like the antithesis of the Jobsian Apple ethos. I suspect that, were he alive, he would have been one of the many people mocking it for its many pitfalls. He might have even been taking time to come up with ways to design his own iCurrency that was "better" and "more intuitive," but which ultimately resulted in Apple getting a share of all transactions or something. Supporting Bitcoin unreservedly though? I doubt it. 
@_date: 2014-01-09 14:11:00
So is a credit card. Or a computer terminal. I guess because MTA accepts credit cards and uses computer terminals, it must mean they "could" use bitcoin tomorrow! 
As it stands, Coin has made no announcements to the effect that they will support Bitcoin. To make the logical leap that because they could theoretically do so, and that therefore the MTA could, theoretically, accept Bitcoin because they are accepting a vendor that might, hypothetically, also accept Bitcoin is to make such a major string of assumptions as to render the statement meaningless. It is 100% baseless speculation.  
Or you could just admit you misread the article and move on.
@_date: 2014-02-08 04:20:03
It's not the act of science, it is a restating of known science. It depends on the standards of the competition. Some competitions are totally OK with people just restating the known. Others actually expect you to actually apply the scientific method, observing something, coming up with a hypothesis as to why what you observed works the way it does, testing your hypothesis, and then reporting the results.  This project is definitely not the later, but that probably wasn't the standard at this particular science fair. 
@_date: 2014-04-11 03:37:07
I'm at a loss. 
@_date: 2014-11-15 18:56:47


To be "good money" it has to be a reliable store of value. It is not a reliable store of value. Therefore it is not "good money" as you claimed. It has far more in common with soft currency. 
Now, perhaps you meant good money in some entirely non-technical sense, but if so you can hardly blame me for my interpretation. I took what you said at face value. If you had some other meaning, it wasn't at all clear from your post. 


The later has much more history that makes such a thing much less likely, as its actual proven history is much more stable. There is a set of particular facts that should make one wary of the survival of Bitcoin. There are no particular facts that should make one concerned about the survival of fiat currency in the next 20 years, only generalized fears and very often complete misunderstandings of things like Quantitative Easing. 
@_date: 2014-04-30 04:52:31
It's this kind of shit that turns most people off of Bitcoin. The more the core group of users try and politicize it, the less interest other people will have in it. Sooner or later, Bitcoin will have to shake off the stigma of Randian/libertarian/anarcho-capitalism if you want it to achieve wider adoption. If it is a viable tech, it should be able to succeed on its own merits without people having to shove their political agenda down your throat at the same time. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 22:16:40
To which I again retort, as soon as you find a way to use the polycentric legal systems to criminally punish Mr. Karpeles, you let me know. Until then, your entire chain of argument is 100% irrelevant to the actual discussion, about as useful as Saladin discussing the practical application of nuclear warfare in defeating the Ayyubid dynasty. 
@_date: 2014-11-15 17:55:43
What do you mean *especially* in the west? The west has probably the strongest tradition of decentralization of any civilization in history. 
@_date: 2014-11-09 04:53:10
Self defense is almost always a possible defense in cases of homicide, but that doesn't mean it would almost ever be supported by the facts, nor believed by a jury in an actual trial. Shooting a cop in self defense is going to be a hard sell, brutality or not. If this is your justification for the second amendment, it isn't a good one. Note that the best you could come up with was a SC decision in Mississippi saying it was an *allowable defense*, not that the defense actually won at trial. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 21:00:22
Sure. Which is one of many reasons why pretty much nobody does that. Euros do not act as currency in the U.S., but as property, and that limits the usefulness of Euros in the U.S. just as this ruling limits the usefulness of Bitcoins. 
@_date: 2014-01-30 19:13:46
My thoughts exactly. The guy volunteered the information as soon as he attempted to make the purchase in the store. If I whip my dick out in a Bed Bath and Beyond, I can't really be upset that people are looking.
@_date: 2014-04-30 08:51:58
And, even though in certain respects I slightly disagree with you, that is a far more reasonable argument that I can respect. I have much more appreciation when a person can articulate their reasons calmly and rationally like you just did than when people use outlandish hyperbole that presupposes we agree with them and which seeks to make villainous caricatures out of people who are by and large trying to do an important job as well as they can. It is ultimately much more persuasive, and makes the viewpoint seem much more approachable and inclusive. 
@_date: 2014-01-09 00:45:42
The good news is, there is alcohol on the surface of Bermuda. If they could just find a way to extract it...
@_date: 2014-11-15 18:45:45
I see you are perfectly versed in the role of deflationary currencies in creating a class of landed gentry. *Nothing* is worse for wealth distribution than a deflationary currency that rewards families that simply sit on their money while compounding the risks of lending and investment.  
Also, Keynes is only slightly more relevant to modern economics than Austrian economics, which is to say almost not at all. The main thing Keynes brought to the table was rigorous empirical analysis of economics using quantitative methods and the empirically correct insight that the gold standard artificially contracted economies towards no particular purpose. 
@_date: 2014-01-09 06:44:42
Sure. That would encompass 2025, the planned date of the "mission."
@_date: 2014-04-08 23:28:44
You could have hundreds of bank accounts and use hundreds of brokerage firms too and doing your tax accounting would become a pain in the ass. What reason would you have for having more than a few wallets?
Even setting that aside, each individual wallet *could* have software doing this exact same accounting automatically for you, at which point you just have to add each one on your taxes. Hardly an accounting nightmare. 
@_date: 2014-04-22 02:15:29
The claim is that there is a group of people engaging in downvoting.
The burden of proof is on the person making that claim. MistakeNot is merely *challenging* that claim. MistakeNot does *not* have the burden of proof by virtue of asking for proof. This is what MistakeNot said:


@_date: 2014-04-11 04:12:21


That is a classic fallacy of sunk costs. The point for you to sell is to avoid greater losses. If you legitimately do not think you are likely to experience greater losses, that is one thing, but simply holding on because there is "no point selling at a loss" ignores the fact that you risk greater loss by making that choice. That isn't a rational way to evaluate that decision. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 22:19:22
You seem to have misunderstood the point of my post.  This is a *specific code*. ThatRedEyeAlien claimed that *even with no specific regulations*, fraud would be a crime in this case. I pointed out that no, *without a regulation* it would not be a crime in Japan, because Japan is not a common law country. That is, judges cannot invent laws from whole cloth as they can in the U.S. or the U.K.  
@_date: 2014-03-17 14:13:57
A moment of uncertain meaning (this could be play money for example, or a currency not used by Star Fleet, or a reference to events that only occurred and are tracked in the holodeck, as one might track scores in a friendly game of online poker), and which is clearly meant to convey a *character* building moment should not be treated as equivalent to a multitude of unambiguous quotes quite clearly intended to convey something about the nature of the Star Trek world. 
As these events can be made consistent, and as the many quotes I offered quite clearly illustrated that Star Fleet does not use money, for the sake of continuity we must assume that Riker was not, in fact, talking about some sort of Star Fleet Currency. The many, many quotes explicitly saying there is no money were quite clearly not an accident, as it required intentionality on the part of the author and was intention repeated many times in many different episodes, Star Trek shows and movies, so clearly it was intentionally meant to say something about the nature of Star Fleet. This throw away line by Riker was meant to say something about *Riker*, and in so far as it could be read to imply there is currency or money (which is only one of many possible interpretations), this was almost certainly an oversight by the writer and *unintentional*. Thus, the later should be explained and integrated into continuity, whereas the former pretty much has to be taken as accurate. The two definitely shouldn't be treated as equivalent. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 02:11:22
[I'm just a humble motherfucker with a big ass dick](
@_date: 2014-03-26 19:38:14
1) It adds a large transaction fee (a tax) to *every* Bitcoin purchase. This removes one of the major benefits of Bitcoin, which is that it was supposed to be a costless way to transact money instantly, anywhere. Now there is a cost to this transaction, removing a lot of the appeal. 
2) It means you will almost *have* to trust a third party to handle your Bitcoins just to keep track of your transactions, defeating one of it's great virtues: namely that the protocol is supposed to be trustless.
3) You now have to make a rational decision about which Bitcoins to spend when. While this is probably solvable with a program, this also requires trust in a third party to properly prioritize the transactions of your Bitcoins to minimize capital gains tax. It also makes transacting Bitcoins in a true Peer to Peer fashion a *lot* more burdensome, because you will have to consciously decide and figure out which Bitcoins to transact in order to minimize your tax liabilities based on when you received each particular Bitcoin or fraction of a Bitcoin. That is a huge pain in the ass, and makes a transaction anything but painless and frictionless. 
@_date: 2014-11-15 18:04:09
So far bitcoin is not "good money" as it is not a reliable store of value, and it is many times more volatile than the fiat currency you disparage. Objectively, if what you want is a reliable store of value that is easily used as a means of exchange, fiat issued by a stable government still cannot be beat. 
Until and unless Bitcoin becomes a stable store of value, the belief that it is superior in this respect is 100% based on faith about an unknowable future outcome. People have *faith* that the protocol is sufficient to make Bitcoin a viable form of money in the long term, but it is completely false to claim that this is a known fact. A non-faith based assessment of Bitcoin would view it like any other new technology, valuing its potential while acknowledging that potential is not synonymous with future performance. Thus a reasonable person would invest in that potential while hedging against the possibility that the potential is not fulfilled. Interestingly enough, one could describe our system of fiat in much the same way, in that our banking and Federal Reserve system is in its own way a protocol, except fiat is now a *proven* protocol with a lengthy history. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 22:04:31
1) Not related to the discussion.
2) I am a Bitcoin skeptic, so this isn't a persuasive retort. 
3a) You quite obviously *can* use Bitcoins to buy things. 
3b) Whereas Karpeles *can't* be criminally persecuted using polycentric law. 
As we are discussing whether what he did is a crime because people want to prosecute him, this is the relevant line of inquiry, not whether he could be persecuted *hypothetically* under some *hypothetical* legal system that has no jurisdiction over the question at issue. It is like talking about whether I can buy a subway sandwich with bitcoins and you retorting "In the 20th century, you could only buy pizza from Domino's with fiat!" to which the proper response is "what does that have to do with anything?" You are just going off on a wild tangent. 
@_date: 2014-02-20 19:15:01
Japan has stronger protections for corporate interests than the U.S., though they are modeled after U.S. laws. That's the reason I mentioned it.
@_date: 2014-02-08 11:30:21


Yes. If you believed you could offer an alternative off of which you could profit. Like Apple has done with previously existing technology time and time again. 


Why do you suppose he did that? Think about it for a minute. Hint: it has something to do with the licensing requirements that the Big 4 were putting on Apple that Steve Jobs didn't want to deal with, and the fact that DRM in no way benefited Apple, who had no stake in protecting music licenses, while eliminating DRM provided Apple with several advantages. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 13:01:45
Did you not read the article I linked that specifically mentioned Apple has been in talks with retail and commerce execs to develop its own payment system?
Edit: BTW I am going to upvote your comments because, even though I disagree with you, I think you are making legitimate points, and I think it is a little silly that you are getting downvoted when you are presenting a perfectly coherent line of argument. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 22:20:35
As soon as we are discussing the efficacy of Bitcoins in the buying of things, that comment will become relevant. 
@_date: 2014-04-10 06:48:19
Too l8. His karma r8 neg8s their h8. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 12:46:06


The assumption being that Apple can't provide an alternative payment system of their own that allows *them* to reap those profits. DRM obviously had no such underlying incentive for Appple. [An Apple payment system though]( That's plenty of incentive. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 19:32:07
1) Until Bitcoin was declared property by the IRS, you did not owe capital gains on purchases made with bitcoins, only with the sale of Bitcoins for cash, just as you would for currency trading. 
2) You really think the code for this is going to be easy to write? Each and every Bitcoin you own will have a different tax liability based on the date on which it was acquired. That now has to be tracked. Transactions for each Bitcoin have to be prioritized. Do you want your Bitcoins from 2011 to be used first in a transaction or the ones you bought in 2013? That decision matters, because your tax liabilities will be dramatically different for each Bitcoin. 
Peer to peer transactions will not be problematic too. This will almost force you to use a third party like Coinbase. In other words, there almost *has* to be an intermediary for your transactions. So much for the great peer-to-peer, no intermediary solution required, trustless Bitcoin. Now I practically *have* to trust some third party vendor to handle my Bitcoin, and I will have to pay them fees for this service. But I suppose you think that's totally trivial too. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 05:32:48
I love Go. It's incredible the depth of strategy and tactics that exists. I also like that there is a certain intuitiveness to it that simply doesn't work in chess. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 19:45:21
Dude, you are just in complete denial. *Obviously* this can be "managed" in the sense of there being solutions that will make it *possible* to still use Bitcoin. That is totally beside the point. It isn't whether Bitcoin will still be possible to use. It's still possible to use gold to buy things. It is possible to use stock to buy things. It is possible to barter. However, people rarely do any of these things, and with good reason. The point is that it has been made dramatically less practical and attractive to use as a currency, as it lost one of the primary features of a currency: fungibility. 


Except that not having to trust a third party was one of the things hailed as making Bitcoin significant by nearly every early adopter. I can't speak for you, as perhaps you legitimately never cared about that feature of Bitcoin, but if the Bitcoin community suddenly thinks this is OK, well that is moving the goalposts something fierce. To most people who were early adopters, this *is* a meaningful loss and trustless accounting was a major feature of Bitcoin. That is supposed to be why the public ledger is such an amazing thing.
@_date: 2014-03-03 21:37:39
To me that sounds like you are saying that you weren't really sure that they were exceptionally incompetent until recently.
@_date: 2014-03-17 14:05:09


Do we? There are any number of ways this could be explained, and we do not know what is actually being exchanged. If you have a link so we can see it, that would be helpful.


That is a cop out in terms of continuity and a case of false equivalency. Throw away moments are not comparable to multiple *explicit* world building statements that are meant to tell us things about the universe the characters are in. To say, many times across different Star Trek shows "We do not have money, here is why, here is why it is relevant to the world" is not equivalent to some random moment where a person engages in an offhand exchange. The clear explanation is that either what was exchanged was *not* money, that it was money but not money permitted or commonly used by Star Fleet, or that *this* was a case of oversight by the writers, which is easy to imagine, and which is a claim that couldn't at all be applied to multiple overt statements about the nature of the Star Trek universe. At best, your evidence is circumstantial and unclear in their meaning, whereas the quotes I provided are overt, unambiguous and direct. It is quite clear that the lack of money is in fact canon to any sensible person. 


If that is really true, then provide a set of quotes that equally support the many, many instances to the contrary in the link I provided. 
@_date: 2014-01-09 17:17:17
Whatever you say man. Enjoy the rest of your day.
@_date: 2014-03-02 21:56:11
As soon as you find a way to use the polycentric legal systems to criminally punish Mark Karpeles, you let me know. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 21:50:35


OK. 


I am providing the actual, generally accepted definition of a crime. If you have an issue with that, that's your business, but it isn't really all that germane. 
@_date: 2014-04-30 18:02:56


It's an indirect crime. Of course you wouldn't "feel" impacted. I don't "feel" impacted by mining runoff regulations, but that doesn't mean such regulations don't have an impact upon my life. 


"According to the records compiled by the United States Sentencing Commission, in 2009, the United States Department of Justice typically convicted a little over 81,000 people; of this, approximately 800 are convicted of money laundering as the primary or most serious charge."
So, 1% of all federal convictions are money laundering convictions. Thus, approximately 800 people every year are prevented from succeeding in criminal enterprises due to these laws. Most of those people would be of significant standing in a criminal organization. 


If that is what keeps our banks liquid, that is a problem. Honestly though, laundered money represents an estimated 2% of financial activity. Short of it being all removed at once, this wouldn't have a major effect on liquidity.


First off, money printing by congress is ultimately accomplished by democratic means. Thus, its effect on the money supply is something we as a people ultimately have a say in. The infusion of money in that case is meant to reflect public interests. By contrast, private laundering is only meant to serve the interests of the criminal organizations doing the laundering, and we have no say in their actions which dilute the value of our currency.
Secondly, even supposing you believe that what the government is doing is *worse*, if you think what the government is doing is bad, then you should *also* think similar activities by private agents is bad. Therefore, you should want *neither*, not to selectively encourage one while disallowing the other.


Yes, we should. I'm not sure why you think not enforcing one means we shouldn't enforce the other. Ideally, we should enforce both. If that can't be managed, we should enforce as much as we can. The fact that we can't get *all* enforcement that we might want isn't a good argument to forgo enforcement all together. The perfect is the enemy of the good. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 21:03:49
Depending on how it is used, foreign currency is often treated as ordinary income or loss, not as capital gains:
@_date: 2014-04-30 14:44:49
That would be a rational disagreement with the law. It doesn't make the law nonsensical.
For example, the fact that only 1 percent of CTRs result in a criminal conviction doesn't mean that the law does not at as a deterrent. In fact *man* laws result in only an insignificant fraction of actual perpetrators being caught and convicted, yet for most people the small risk is sufficient to deter them from the act. The fact that the risk is small in actual practice is only relevant in so far as people are actually aware that that risk is small. I suspect most people do *not* know the actual risk of conviction for these things.
Further, SAR and CTR are just two means of detecting money laundering. The fact that those *specific* means of enforcement are ineffective at producing convictions does not mean that *all* means of enforcement are ineffective. Indeed, both those methods are fairly modern and were largely passed as part of the Patriot Act as a means to stop terrorist funding. This has no bearing on whether money laundering laws in general have been effective in producing convictions. Thus, while it may be rational to scrap post 9/11 laws relating to money laundering, it does not follow that therefore all money laundering laws are bad or ineffective.
@_date: 2014-03-02 22:37:24
The question is "can Mr. Karpeles be criminally prosecuted." Feel free to articulate just how, exactly, polycentric law helps us to criminally prosecute Mr. Karpeles. It is not an argument by analogy to inoke bitcoin *because we can actually purchase things with Bitcoin*, whereas we *can't* criminally prosecute Mr. Karpeles with polycentric law*, making your analogy quite obviously a very bad analogy. 
If we were talking about some hypothetical effort to implement a *new* system *in the future* to prosecute *hypothetical cases*, then the analogy might be relevant, because you could say "just as we once didn't have Bitcoin but now we do, while right now we don't have Polycentric criminal law, one day we might." But that isn't the issue. The issue is what we can do *right now* with Mr. Karpeles, not with some hypothetical future case some indefinite time in the future. So the relevant comparison would be the state of Bitcoin *right now* to the state of polycentric law *right now*, which is not analogous, as we *can* use Bitcoin to buy, say, a subway sandwich *right now*, whereas we *cannot* use polycentric law to prosecute Mr. Karpeles *right now*. Thus, at absolute best, your analogy is moving the goal posts, comparing present circumstances with future hypotheticals as if they were the same. That's an act of temporal conflation, which is just bad reasoning. In short, you are engaging in a debate that no one else is actually having. The fact that you can't figure that out is, in fact, evidence that you are having trouble understanding things, such as how to make an argument by analogy. 
@_date: 2014-01-08 23:51:41
Obviously distance isn't directly correlated with cost in space, since the propulsion involved will be largely fixed.
*Except*, you will have to have a lot more food, a lot more oxygen on board, more robust life support systems, better shielding due to prolonged exposure in space, a craft with more fuel for escaping Mars' gravity, and so on. Short of just launching people to their doom, in which case all you really need to figure out is escaping Earth's gravity well, this will require not just a lot of technical expertise, but also a lot more weight, which means more fuel. It is an attempt to accomplish something that has never been accomplished by our most well funded space programs. 
In short, there are a lot of reasons to be skeptical, and no actual demonstrated reason to believe the people running this program have the skills, expertise, talent or funding necessary to accomplish it. It's not as if they have landed on the moon themselves, giving us some basis from which to judge their mastery of space here. It is an article of faith here. Hurrah for the dreamers and all that, but seriously, be realistic. 
@_date: 2014-03-21 03:13:55
The biological children of women who never get pregnant never die though, so there's that. 
@_date: 2014-02-10 07:18:22
[The average savings held by families in the U.S. is $3,800]( Also, people in the U.S. are not representative of the average person. 
@_date: 2014-01-07 19:07:10
Hey man, I just call the scattered turtle bones as I see them. If you want some sort of wise insights, I suggest talking to that Xenophanes guy down the way. 
@_date: 2014-01-23 08:07:39


@_date: 2014-03-02 18:09:51
Japan is not a common law country. It is a Civil Code country, so without a specific law or code, from my understanding of how the Civil Code countries work, it would not be a crime.
@_date: 2014-05-02 12:20:43


That is a very misleading analogy. No one is being searched without cause here. The standard, in case you forgot, is protection against *unreasonable* searches and seizures, not protection against *any* searches and seizures. It is not as if any of us would be subjected to a search *without reason*. This isn't a case of police randomly coming to your home and demanding to look at your bank account for no reason whatsoever. Any such search would either be specific and part of an ongoing investigation, or it would be programmatic and based on set criteria rather than at the discretion of any office, not unlike a police roadblock. Those are both perfectly constitutional forms of search and have been for years because they protect us as citizens from the sort of abuses that the constitution was meant to protect against: namely arbitrary or politically motivated enforcement. This is neither of those things. Enforcement is based on a rationally defined democratically created rule that is not enforced in a political way. 
There is no privacy right being violated either. The information in question isn't public to begin with. 


No. Because there is no real utility to laundering money. Outside of the criminal sphere people weren't laundering money before these laws were passed. There is simply no reason for people to do it because it provides virtually no benefit to anyone outside of criminals. 


If you don't hide something that is *already* private information, and thus which has no reason to be hidden at all outside of criminal conduct. Unlike say virtually every other form of privacy where you are hiding private information *from the public* through the use of concealment. Here, the desire is for an additional layer of privacy for already private information, solely to obscure already private information * in the event of an investigation*. That is, it is a tactic meant to make already private information *fully opaque* even in the fact of a legitimate criminal investigation. Thus, there is a rather significant distinction between this act of hiding and more conventional and legitimate acts such as keeping objects concealed in a bag while in public. To use an analogy, you can't destroy evidence, by shredding documents for example, if it is reasonably foreseeable that the evidence could be part of a future criminal proceeding. That isn't privacy in the normal sense. It is the intentional effort to impede law enforcement and it is against the law. The commonality is that in neither case is it about preserving privacy, as privacy is already had before the act. My bank account is not public information. My business documents are not public information. In both cases it is about *obscuring evidence*. 
@_date: 2014-02-02 07:26:48
I believe it disappeared up its own asshole some time ago.
@_date: 2014-02-05 10:21:23


That's a tautology. The price is proportional to the happiness because the buyer is willing to pay price according to happiness. That's pretty much the point being made here, that the argument for price in this case is circular. Ultimately, it is *scarcity* that gives it the price, and people's willingness to pay exorbitant fees simply because a thing is *rare*, which is entirely independent of a things utility. This is in fact why diamonds are worth as much as they are. Artificial scarcity. Before DeBeers, they were worth very little because of how common they were. Then, DeBeers created a cartel to control the industry, created artificial scarcity, and stimulated demand with advertising. The utility of the diamond didn't change. Price was manufactured artificially from whole cloth. 


That just pushes the problem back, and is also essentially circular as an explanation (It is an investment because it has value. It has value because it brings happiness. It brings happiness because it has value. This value makes it a good investment. And around we go.). It doesn't explain the relationship between price and utility. 
@_date: 2014-01-28 05:37:24
Shall I introduce you to my kettle? Given the fact that your system of choice has not and never has existed in any real sense in the modern world, it is a little rich that you are calling someone else's acceptance of a time-tested democratic tradition an "act of faith." 
Reading and digesting lengthy explications on the finer points of democratic federalist government isn't really an act of faith. It's called critical thinking. You should try it with your chosen political philosophy some time. You might come away from it with a slightly more realistic understanding of a world occupied by 7 billion people with competing interests. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 21:16:44
Under [26 U.S. Code ยง 988]( that would have been treated as ordinary income rather than capital gains. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 05:59:51
For anyone that didn't already have bitcoins invested in MtGox, it's debt that you will be paying for in new fees. As a new trader on this system, I will be paying fees to recover your lost bitcoins. I am being taxed essentially for your unfortunate decision to trade on MtGox. Why would anyone want to finance the debts of others for no special benefit? 
@_date: 2014-03-26 21:08:38


Duh, dude. That is obviously what I meant, and since Bitcoin is deflationary, assuming it actually does become widely adopted, that is what will happen. The only way this *won't* happen is if Bitcoin stops being adopted, in which case this is all a moot point because Bitcoin failed to accomplish what people on this forum believed it would accomplish.


Pretty much nobody uses Euros as a currency in the U.S. That tells you all you need to know right there. 


Under [26 U.S. Code ยง 988]( it would have been treated as ordinary income rather than capital gains. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 21:38:01
That is my understanding. You could still elect to report them as capital gains, which under certain circumstances might make sense (particularly if you experienced capital losses), but you have to meet several criteria to do so. I assume this is never done simply because a) transporting large amounts of currency is subject to customs, and b) physical exchanges often rip you off in comparison to trading on a FOREX market.
@_date: 2014-03-26 20:30:24


Bitcoin is deflationary. Unless Bitcoin has plateaued in adoption, you will be paying a tax as deflation increases. Thus, yet another of the supposed virtues of Bitcoin is lost. 


Yes. It does make it less desirable to use as a currency, because now the older the Bitcoin, the larger the liability. This makes different Bitcoins of different value in a transaction. This penalizes large purchases and exposes you to double taxation. Of *course* that is undesirable. 
@_date: 2014-11-15 18:19:46
As opposed to the "to the moon" guys that foresaw sustained exponential growth and million dollar bitcoins that now provide endless mea culpas about why it is at sub $400 prices. It's OK though. This is a good thing! 
@_date: 2014-04-11 04:59:46
I'm glad to see you have your priorities straight. 
@_date: 2014-04-12 00:42:26
Is... is this parody?
@_date: 2014-04-30 05:48:36
Apparently substantive rebuttals are also hard. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 20:21:43
You pay capital gains on purchases made with Euros in Europe?
@_date: 2014-05-02 14:20:19


OK, but that isn't an objection to money laundering laws generally. It is an objection to their application in present form to Bitcoin specifically. Those are two distinct issues. It might be worth adjusting laws to accommodate Bitcoin for varying reasons. Bitcoin is a separate problem though. Don't throw the baby out with the bath water. 


Your bank account is a contractual relationship. Whether you realize it or not, you *agree* to have your bank account so monitored the moment you sign up with a bank. You are *consenting* to those sorts of searches contractually. There is no obligation to provide you with banking services. If you don't want to have your account undergo that programmatic scrutiny, don't put your money in a bank. Really though, there are fixed circumstances that *flag* an account. Your account isn't continuously monitored (at least from what I understand). It is only if you do certain types of transactions that your account is flagged for review. Even then, that might prompt only a cursory review. This is not unlike how police can review utility data for sudden spikes in power usage over extended periods that indicate the possibility of a growing room. 


Do you have intimate knowledge of the nature of criminal procedure surrounding money laundering? Because if not, you are straying into uncertain territory here. Without providing me with the case law, I am not sure I agree with your assessment. I suspect that, as with most everything else, police either need a warrant for a search *or* sufficient reason to conduct a search at the time, either using a programmatic search (such as a police blockade), or a discretionary search based on compelling evidence that justifies such a search. 
Even further, though we haven't touched on this, you only have 4th amendment protections against unreasonable searches and seizure if your expectation of privacy is *reasonable*. Depending on the specifics, certain expectations of privacy may or may not be reasonable. We would have to have a fact specific case to really make such a judgement, but it is a relevant point of consideration. I do not accept that *all* financial information is information one can reasonably expect to be private. *Certainly* you can't reasonably expect your Bitcoin wallets to be private because all transactions are on a public ledger. This is not unlike having drugs visible in your car through your car window. As the Supreme Court has said again and again, you have no reasonable expectation of privacy under those circumstances because the information is publicly visible.


Err, no. That's not my argument. I am saying that you don't have a right to obscure *evidence*, which is a general standard in criminal law. If the money is not money from a criminal transaction, then it isn't money laundering. The point is that a) if an activity raises enough eyebrows, it warrants further investigation, *just as is the case with other police procedures* and b) in the event that the activity in question deliberately conceals evidence, it is a crime. I really don't understand why a normal person should have a right to launder illicit funds.  


You say it is absurd, but if you ask me, you haven't really managed to illustrate anything actually absurd about it. Your argument has largely come down to invoking vague idioms that don't really apply like "if you have nothing to hide you have nothing to fear." I have already explained why that argument is invalid in this case. You haven't offered up much of substance beyond that.


Well you and I have that in common I guess.
@_date: 2014-02-05 09:12:11


I agree. That's almost axiomatic. But that is an entirely separate question from whether its value is directly related to its utility, which was the proposition of OP. 


No, I am not forgetting that at all. Hence why I specifically said *marginal* utility in my first post. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 21:42:02
That's a whole different can o' worms.
@_date: 2014-03-17 15:43:59
Notice that the graph also selectively leaves out unadopted technologies. Are we to believe that Segway adoption will one day reach 100% saturation?
@_date: 2014-01-28 04:35:35
You base it on the insights of your own, presumably vastly superior mind? I am sure Madison, Hamilton and Jefferson would have been in awe of your intellect. In particular, I am impressed by your point-by-point dismantling of the arguments found in The Federalist Papers number 10 and 44. Why these people would doubt you given the extreme incompetence and thoughtlessness of the founding fathers, especially as compared to your lengthy and well reasoned arguments, I have no idea.
@_date: 2014-04-11 04:06:17
You ought to tell that to the [Yanomamo]( They'll be shocked to hear that their extraordinarily high rates of male on male violence through intertribal warfare is actually the result of federal reserve policies and fractional reserve banking. Perhaps someone is issuing paper backed by only 1/10th of the reported number of blowguns and smoked tapir meat. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 03:16:52


Firstly, while correlation does not equal causation, causation requires correlation. At a minimum, this is direct evidence contradicting your claim that deflationary currencies promote slow and steady growth. Your "quick glance" isn't as noteworthy as the hundreds of works of scholarship on the subject and the near unanimous economic consensus that fixed supply deflationary money, while certainly not *causing* recessions (something I never claimed, but which you erroneously attributed to me), does exacerbate economic crises by restricting the ability of central banks to manage the money supply and provide liquidity and by creating debt traps for regular people. While it is conceivable a central bank could work around the first problem with universal international agreement by cooperatively managing interest rates relative to the money supply, it could not do so unilaterally, thus creating something of a prisoner's dilemma for each central bank that has an incentive to buy up gold reserves. This was especially problematic in a geopolitical world where nation-states were in frequent and direct military conflict, since agreement became virtually impossible. Indeed this very fact is a big part of why we ended up in the great depression. In a fully cooperative global order, as Bernake pointed out in his work on the great depression, it might have been possible for central banks to avoid the problems of the gold standard in 1931. Of course, that wasn't what happened, but that should hardly be surprising.  


You are conflating the federal reserve system and inflationary currency. They are not the same thing. While central banking was developed to deal with some of the problems created by economic instability and the money supply problems created by the gold standard, they didn't have the full flexibility to do so until the Bretton Woods system, which essentially gutted the gold standard. There have been zero depressions in the U.S. since the Bretton-Woods system and, perhaps more relevantly, since the dollar depegged from the gold standard. 
@_date: 2014-03-12 19:32:34
Yeah, I don't think they really thought this through.
@_date: 2014-02-18 19:31:16
No, no it's not. It is a highly structured legal and organizational system governed by a board of directors that are appointed and dismissed by shareholders. These directors appoint corporate officers who exectute the management of the company. Officers like CEO's are accountable to the board of directors. The board of directors is accountable to shareholders. Shareholders are accountable to consumers and the market. The only way it is a dictatorship is if there is a single majority shareholder, a situation which is rarer than you probably imagine. 
@_date: 2014-04-11 06:38:04
About as much as existing grey and black markets. Not much. 
At the end of the day, if the government doesn't see you as having legitimate title in real property, and create legal barriers to business, Bitcoins won't make much of a difference because people won't be able to leverage assets like real property and human capital. As long as there is a state willing to exercise police power outside the rule of law, Bitcoin doesn't help much with that problem.
@_date: 2014-04-30 21:52:49
I would roll my eyes, but at this point I'm afraid they would pop out of my skull. 
@_date: 2014-04-30 07:48:31
Money laundering is generally used to conceal a crime. In many other contexts the act of concealing a crime is, itself, criminal and for good reason. Socially, we want to discourage people from engaging in acts that conceal the commission of a crime. As there is no real legitimate social purpose or utility to the laundering of money, it is hard to see why one would care for it to remain legal when there is a great reason for us to want to discourage the act. 
@_date: 2014-11-15 18:39:28


I agree. But stability might also not be in its future, something any honest person should be capable of acknowledging. Bitcoin might not even meaningfully *exist* in 20 years. Once all the coins are mined, if it hasn't been widely adopted, it will have much less utility, many fewer miners verifying transaction on a vastly larger blockchain getting significantly smaller rewards. Bitcoin may or may not survive that. That is just an honest accounting of the state of Bitcoin, yet many people around here don't even want to acknowledge the possibility. That is faith pure and simple. 


So wait, first it was a perfect store of value, now it is a desirable investment? Talk about moving the goalposts. For the record I never said anything about its quality as an investment. I *certainly* didn't say it was a bad investment *in the past*, which would be an idiotic statement. I said it wasn't a reliable store of value. I'm not going to engage with a counterpoint to an argument I never made. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 21:32:03
It does have to do with whether or not it is a *crime* however, since by definition a crime is an *unlawful* act punished by *the state*. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 10:10:03
Honest question: Shouldn't people involved in a movement that is basically advocating decentralized freedom of exchange and association *not* be outraged that a company expressed an autonomous business decision? Isn't that a natural part of a truly free market? 
Are people really surprised that a company like Apple, renowned for its expression of control over all the details of its products and its insistence upon using largely proprietary technology, would remove apps that allowed people to use a transaction scheme outside the Apple ecosystem? Apple doesn't like ceding control, and it doesn't like things that provide a challenge to their brand image. Honestly, I'm surprised it didn't happen earlier. By all means, switch devices, but outrage? Seems like an inappropriate response.  
@_date: 2014-01-03 02:07:56
Also evil conspiracies and everyone that disagrees with me is a wrongheaded dinosaur. But your explanation is cool too.
@_date: 2014-03-26 18:58:35
You realize that one of the main virtues of Bitcoin was supposed to be that it provided frictionless, low cost, instantaneous transactions. Now, Bitcoin transaction are no longer low cost, nor frictionless. Thus, the whole thing that was supposed to make Bitcoin superior to services like Paypal has been lost, and you think that isn't problematic?
@_date: 2014-05-01 02:58:08
\*sigh*, no. Again, money laundering is a criminal act in itself. Thus, if you money launder, there is evidence of a crime. No one is being punished for something they didn't do. They are being punished for something we explicitly declared illegal because we don't want people to do it. It's not that hard to understand. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 21:02:08
Right, which is why Euros do not act as a currency in the U.S., because they are treated as property. They lose their fungibility. That's exactly the problem. 
@_date: 2014-04-30 08:00:44
I've provided plenty of substantive rebuttals throughout this thread in reply to people who bothered to offer up something worth commenting on. I'm not going to waste my time offering up substance in reply to vapid comments however. "Do not give what is holy to the dogs; nor cast your pearls before swine, lest they trample them under their feet, and turn and tear you in pieces."
@_date: 2014-03-26 19:40:05
Which is as good as saying that Bitcoin isn't a currency, which is the point of the article. 
@_date: 2014-02-18 19:27:03
The free market works!
@_date: 2014-01-29 23:06:26
It's actually [70 years plus the lifetime of the creator]( or a total of 95 years from the year of publication in the case of anonymous works, and 120 years from creation in the case of unpublished works. 
@_date: 2014-02-05 22:38:32


Empirically speaking, people are terrible at estimating how much happiness a particular purchase will bring them, so I do not agree in the slightest. Indeed, one of the best bangs for your buck in terms of happiness is donating to charity and spending money on gifts for friends, with the actual value of the gift having very little influence on the feeling of the giver or the receiver, yet most people designate around 1-2% of their income to this purpose. Economic theories of utility are in many ways founded on a surprisingly unempirical understanding of just what it is that drives human psychology. So, while I would agree that I probably can't accuratley estimate how much happiness a particular purchase might bring a particular person, I suspect they can't either. 
@_date: 2014-04-11 04:59:08
What I mean is that it is a problem that no amount of Bitcoins can fix, hence it is *the* problem in relation to your prior comment.
@_date: 2014-01-09 00:51:50
Or, you know, some of us are capable of holding multiple complex views on life and society in our mind simultaneously. Just a wacky alternative idea I came up with.
@_date: 2014-04-08 02:31:18
Hong Kong is *in* China, albeit as a special administrative region. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 20:17:39
It probably will be FIFO. The main rule is that whatever system of accounting you use, you must use it consistently. The point is that this adds a cubermose new set of accounting that makes each Bitcoin unique, and therefore no longer fungible, since fungibility requires equivalence. No such problem exists between any two $10 bills at the same moment in time, making its use as a currency simple. 
@_date: 2014-10-08 04:06:00
What, no one is going to come out and complain about the concept of "intrinsic utility" this time? 
@_date: 2014-10-07 16:00:39
@_date: 2014-03-26 20:18:50
Purchases made with currency are not taxed, as this is not seen as realized gains. That is the difference. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 19:47:00


Definitely true. I made that point several other places in this thread, I just didn't word the initial post as well as I could have. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 21:09:58


As currency, under [26 U.S. Code ยง 988]( in most cases it would have been treated as ordinary income rather than capital gains. 
@_date: 2014-01-09 00:36:12
That's perfectly fair, however, they have done hundreds of other space missions successfully, and do intend to land on the moon again some time soon. Also, NASA would clearly have far better funding and access to far more expertise in general for any such mission. Further, we aren't judging NASA's ability to get to Mars in this case, which may itself be questionable. As between the two though, I like NASA's chances much better, and we can feel pretty comfortable they have no intent or ability to defraud us.  
@_date: 2014-03-26 23:30:08


They *are* different, which is why stocks are not fungible, and why stocks are not considered currency.
@_date: 2014-02-05 08:45:07
You are saying the fact that many people want a copy of Superman  makes those people happy regardless of whether or not they get it? OR are you saying the more people that want Superman  the happier *I* will be if *I* get it? Either statement strikes me as slightly perverse. 
@_date: 2014-01-09 16:24:21
You realize that statement could be applied to nearly everything, right? Are you really that invested in saving face that you wont just admit a simple misunderstanding? Can't you just own up to making a mistake? Everyone clearly already sees it for what it is. You aren't going to magically talk your way out of it. However, if you *do* just own up to making a mistake, you might get an upvote or two. In fact, you might even get a few people to respect you more than they did before for having the strength of character to acknowledge your own failings. It could even help you later in life by helping you to develop the skills you need to keep from backing yourself into a corner on account of your pride. 
Or, you could keep insisting on a point that to everyone else is obviously wrong. If you want to go that direction, go ahead, just don't make the mistake of thinking you gain anything by it. As Voltaire once said, the infinitely little have a pride infinitely great.
@_date: 2014-03-17 04:42:02
As the link I provided indicates, Star Trek canon implies multiple times that no, they do not have money. In particular, note this quote from Picard:


Also note this quote:


And in terms of timeline:


@_date: 2014-03-26 19:08:04
1) Every time I make a purchase in Bitcoin, I now pay capital gains. That is a significant added cost. It is a tax on all purchases made in Bitcoin. 
2) Yes, it is, which is why I specified it is no longer low cost nor friction-less, and said nothing about lowered speed. 
3) This is an added transactional cost because new additional accounting has to be done outside the blockchain itself. That will be reflected somewhere. 
Unless there is some pertinent piece of information you haven't brought up that informs your opinion, I really am blown away that you don't want to acknowledge this. 


Are a lot of people in the habit of using stocks as currency? 
@_date: 2014-09-09 05:09:03
Your anecdote however is highly reliable data. 
@_date: 2014-11-15 18:33:50
I'm not invested in Bitcoin, so I am certainly not crying that it isn't making me rich. I dabble in it in small quantities because I find the technology itself brilliant even though I think as a form of money it is fatally flawed. 
Also, using a logarithmic chart, charts of a sort that were rarely ever posted during the boom times, is a very good example of the mea culpa I was talking about. In fact, looking at it logarithmically is what you should do if you are using Bitcoin as an investment rather than as *money*. When examining currencies, it is very important to be aware of even minor price fluctuations, something a logarithmic scale masks. This is because hard currency is supposed to be a stable store of value. Bitcoin is not that. Maybe in the future it will be, but that is entirely speculative. Right now Bitcoin's future remains uncertain and anyone who says otherwise is as full of shit as Alan Greenspan was in 2006. 
@_date: 2014-04-30 14:56:47
You've certainly got a talent for hyperbole. 
@_date: 2014-04-27 14:43:26
Perhaps he means drunk. In his van. Down by the river.
@_date: 2014-04-30 18:07:01
Privacy from what, exactly?


That is an incomplete picture of what money laundering does. 


The integrity of the banking and financial services marketplace depends heavily on the perception that it functions within a framework of high legal, professional and ethical standards. A reputation for integrity is the one of the most valuable assets of a financial institution.






Launderers are continuously looking for new routes for laundering their funds. Economies with growing or developing financial centres, but inadequate controls are particularly vulnerable as established financial centre countries implement comprehensive anti-money laundering regimes.








The possible social and political costs of money laundering, if left unchecked or dealt with ineffectively, are serious. Organised crime can infiltrate financial institutions, acquire control of large sectors of the economy through investment, or offer bribes to public officials and indeed governments.


@_date: 2014-02-28 08:09:56
If you actually look at the flowchart, you see that the debt is being paid off with fees. Fees pay for operating costs and indebtedness. There are no true dividends in the flow chart, and the "dividends" such as they are, are financed purely by the fees. There are shares issued on the basis of fractional "ownership" based on the proportion lost in MtGox. They are essentially being rewarded as preferred shareholders despite providing no actual capital to the new company. 
The entire system is a complex bailout scheme for investors that resembles a weird hybrid of bankruptcy and debt restructuring. The people that will be financing it will be new traders paying elevated fees. A normal company only has to raise fees for operating costs plus a small amount for profit. Why would they do this when other options are available on the market? How is the new exchange going to offer competitive rates? Do you think MtGox trading software has that much value? I don't. The only thing you had was name recognition and being the first to market, advantages which have now been lost. The only thing being brought to the table that I can see is that there are some members of the community who are incentivized to make the new exchange better so as to make it attractive to new users. They will have to draw in tons of revenue to replace what has been lost.  


So are you assuming that the goal here is to replace the dollar value of bitcoins lost at the time of MtGox closing then? Because otherwise this makes no sense. Even if that is your working assumption, that is hundreds of millions of dollars, and because of the time value of money, by the time that is replaced, you still will have lost a large share of your initial investment. To be fair, that is better than nothing, but it's the reality. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 01:43:58


The frequency of recessions was [substantially greater under a deflationary regime]( In the U.S. there were recessions about every 5 to 10 years, and of course actual depressions were much more common as well. Speculation was also rampant in those environments, so the idea that a deflationary currency fixes these problems is incorrect and, indeed, appears to be actually an inversion of the truth.
@_date: 2014-11-07 19:09:17
You really took that strawman to town!
@_date: 2014-01-07 17:32:59
You will sleep with your mother and kill your father!
@_date: 2014-03-07 19:07:54
Are you familiar with the [Shepard Fairey Obama "Hope" image case]( It was settled out of court, and Shepard Fairey tried to make a fair use argument, but it could well have ended with the work being considered a derivative work with the rights owned by the AP, resulting in Shepard Fairey having to pay for infringement. 
@_date: 2014-04-30 14:49:42


No. The logic follows that by criminalizing money laundering, money laundering is itself a criminal act, so by proving money laundering we have proved you are a criminal. As there is no legitimate social purpose to money laundering, I don't really see the problem here. Money laundering is bad while doing very little good, so criminalizing money laundering is perfectly sensible.  
@_date: 2014-01-08 23:42:23
It'll be plenty enough to fund their manned mission to Bermuda though.
@_date: 2014-02-20 18:59:36
Against a company registered as an ltd registered in Japan? You think you will be able to pierce the veil there? Recover the full value of your lost assets? Prevent a guy running a Bitcoin exchange from realizing illicit gains by hiding money? I am skeptical, to put it mildly. 
@_date: 2014-01-07 17:46:32
Do I have to spell it out for you? Take out a life insurance policy on your father and invest now in a college fund for your future child so that you can really take advantage of the compound interest.
@_date: 2014-04-30 04:58:46
Denial is a wonderful place to visit, but I wouldn't want to live there. 
@_date: 2014-01-03 08:48:39
You can't *own* *things* maaaaaaaaaaaan.
@_date: 2014-10-08 04:33:08
Yes. 
@_date: 2014-04-25 13:14:44
Feel free to critique other posts at your own leisure. Don't let me stop you.
@_date: 2014-04-30 14:55:59
The victim is society generally that has more criminal actions concealed, and thus faces the prospect of more criminal conduct. Also, we are all victims when money laundering is used to conceal counterfeiting, as the value of our currency is decreased without any social input. 
@_date: 2014-01-07 10:18:07
Laugh now, but it is a terrible curse! The secrets I have locked in my withered chest would chill the blood of even the heartiest of men. Do not tangle with the powers of the gods. We were not meant for them, child. 
@_date: 2014-04-30 07:25:40


Anyone who would like it to actually operate like a usable currency rather than just another commodity. If I wanted a inflation-resistant commodity that hedged my portfolio, I would buy gold certificates. 


I guess if all you want is a fringe novelty commodity, then yeah, it's great. I hoped for a bit more. 


I don't want a bubble. I am not heavily invested in Bitcoin. I doubt I ever will be. I want a currency that provides a real alternative to central banking. Not because I think central banking is the devil that makes us slaves, but because I think central banking does present certain systemic problems and has become subject to industry capture. I would simply like to see some alternatives just to see how they work and if they are in fact viable. If the best case scenarios of Bitcoin use were true, I would be absolutely ecstatic. I remain skeptical, but just because I am skeptical doesn't mean I am unwilling to experiment and hope that it really does work.


I think it is a strange distinction to draw between bitcoin and its users as if the two are not mutually dependent. Like it or not, bitcoin is a *social* protocol. Without a robust social network backing it, it is just a novelty.
@_date: 2014-05-02 08:01:34
No. Again, money laundering is a crime because we don't want people to do it. We don't want people to do it because a) it obscures real criminal conduct and b) it has no legitimate purpose. The risk of A outweighs the benefit of B. Therefore, from a utilitarian perspective, criminalization makes complete sense. Thus, we are willing to make the activity illegal so that we *can* more effectively catch criminals who employ the technique, even though it prevents innocent people from using money laundering. But the fact that it prevents innocent people from using it is pretty much irrelevant *because there is no need for innocent people to use it*. Thus, there is no social harm or cost associated with making it illegal, whereas there is a very clear social benefit. 


The entire *point* is that the other crimes can be difficult to prove *because the criminals used money laundering to hide the conduct*. Hence, you criminalize the provable act which is only really employed by criminals. 
."People who don't expose where they get money from must be guilty of a crime, and so we'll criminalize concealment".
Again, you confuse the logic of the issue. It is not that all money launderers are guilty. It is that *most* money launderers are guilty of some other criminal offense, but almost*no* people use money laundering for non-criminal purposes, therefore it is acceptable to make the act illegal in order to better persecute criminals since it comes at no tangible expense to innocent people who can simply avoid any consequences by not laundering money, something 99.9999% of people weren't even going to do anyway.
The problem with money laundering laws in the U.S. though are specific: namely, they are strict liability crimes right now. From what I understand, there does not necessarily need to be any evidence of knowledge that the financial transaction was using proceeds of a crime. I think just that little change would solve your objection while still preserving the purpose of money laundering statutes. This is the U.N. standard, and is used by many other countries. The U.S. broadened its statutes since the 80's because of the War on Drugs and after 9/11 to deal with terrorism. Personally, I think the laws *have* gone too far even though I agree with their central purpose. What I don't get is when people complain that the laws aren't perfect and then think we should just throw them out all together. 
@_date: 2014-03-03 21:21:21
The strongest evidence to that point is the fact that hardly anyone was raising the alarm about Mtgox prior to this debacle, suggesting that the ability to notice such incompetence was actually quite difficult before the actual failure of the exchange. However, *after* the failure f the exchange, it was of course quite *obvious* that there was exceptional incompetence, because failure was irrefutable evidence of incompetence. Thus, people talk as if incompetence was obvious based on ex post evidence that they did not actually have in the ex ante state of the world. This is classic hindsight bias.
Anyone that raise the alarm in 2011 and consistently held that view can reasonably be said to have been correct and to have had a high level of insight, but people who are just now pointing out that MtGox was *obviously* incompetent are in the position of having the benefit of knowledge that people back then didn't have, so their "insight" is hardly meaningful. This is classic hindisght bias. It is easy to pretend something was *obvious* after it has already happened. The difficulty is in realizing it *before* it happens.
@_date: 2014-05-02 16:18:30


I have. And the NSA is not the police. As it happens, I am a soon to be lawyer and am intimately familiar with the standards of search and seizure as that has been one of the focuses of my schooling. I can tell you that the standards I have described are the legal standards that have been upheld by the courts. What the NSA has done hasn't actually reached the Supreme Court yet, so we can't say whether or not they are viewed as constitutional. As we are debating the *law*, not the *practices* of law enforcement, the fact that some agencies may have overextended their actual authority is irrelevant. We aren't debating what a power-hungry agency that disregards the law might do. We are debating whether the existing laws are appropriate. What matters is what is *legal*. 


It provides the basis for a warrant. They can't arrest you for a spike in financial transactions alone either. They could use it to get a warrant for further investigation. In both cases, under certain circumstances, they could even enter your home without a warrant, but those circumstances are rarer and conditional. 


No. It's only money laundering if the funds were *actually part of a criminal transaction*. Merely being unable to source funds is not sufficient to convict someone of money laundering. To cite [18 U.S. Code ยง 1956](
(1) Whoever, **knowing that the property involved in a financial transaction represents the proceeds of some form of unlawful activity, conducts or attempts to conduct such a financial transaction which in fact involves the proceeds of specified unlawful activity**โ  
(A)  
(i) with the intent to promote the carrying on of specified unlawful activity; or  
(ii) with intent to engage in conduct constituting a violation of section 7201 or 7206 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; or  
(B) knowing that the transaction is designed in whole or in partโ  
(i) to conceal or disguise the nature, the location, the source, the ownership, or the control of the proceeds of specified unlawful activity; or  
(ii) to avoid a transaction reporting requirement under State or Federal law,  
It cites a couple other instances, but in each case, you must know that the funds are in some way involved in a criminal transaction. Without some other crime, there is no money laundering.


So? All sorts of acts and omissions are *evidence* of wrong doing. Fortunately, weak circumstantial evidence does not equal conviction. It doesn't even equal *investigation*. 
At this point we are just going around in circles, so I am going to leave it at that. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 21:43:56
After this comment, I thought you must be a negative comment troll. However, you have lots of positive karma, so I really have no idea what the hell you are trying to accomplish here. Perhaps you are a positive karma troll. For your sake, I certainly *hope* you are a troll and aren't being serious. 
For those following along at home, this is an instance of the [Fallacy of Ambiguity]( as is using the word "law" in a different sense than in the preceding conversation. And of course even if they *were* the same meaning, it has no bearing on what meets the definition of a crime, which is the actual question at issue. 
@_date: 2014-04-30 07:17:49
I have no major problem with the creation of a thing like Darkwallet. My issues with it are technical, and I think it has virtues and drawbacks that are worth debating. What I take issue with is the absurd argument made by people like mrtrch822 that money laundering statutes are "created by governments to controls slaves." It is that sort of stupid shit that takes an idea to such an extreme as to become unrecognizable and essentially laughable, such that even brilliant libertarian minds like Richard Epstein would roll their eyes. I call this attitude "Freedumb" because it is such a reductive notion of what liberty actually is that only a thoughtless idiot could really adopt such a view. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 20:24:25


You know what I mean. Bitcoin is deflationary. *Assuming it is continuously adopted*, you will be paying capital gains on nearly all transactions. 


Sure, you could do that. And that is a giant pain in the ass that is not something you have to do with currencies. I sure as hell wouldn't want to do that with dollars. 


FIFO is the most likely form of accounting that will be used in response to this ruling. In the end, the rule is just that you have to be consistent in your method of accounting. Of the problems, this is probably the least significant, but it is an added level of complexity that is undesirable. 
@_date: 2014-04-30 07:42:37
Sure. It is not a fact that the government is using money laundering to control slaves. For one thing, a slave is a person sold and traded as chattel. The government does not control any people as chattel. Therefore, the government does not control any slaves. 
Further, to say that the laws against money laundering are "nonsensical" is clearly untrue, as the laws exist for a reason. While the reason they exist may have merits and demerits worth debating, as the are founded on a series of *reasons*, reasons which are well argued, they are by definition not nonsensical. Rather, they are rational laws that serve a particular social purpose, most notably curbing the activities of crime syndicates, counterfeiters and tax evaders, all of whom cause social harms. This is something which reasonable people can certainly disagree about, but it is inaccurate to claim that the laws themselves are nonsensical. 
@_date: 2014-04-08 22:26:43
I assume the way it would work is this:
You have a Bitcoin wallet. That wallet has software. That software looks at every transaction from or to the wallet, then compares the number of Bitcoins sent or received to a standardized market price. It places these numbers in a ledger. Every single transaction is assigned a positive or negative value. At the end of the tax year, those values are total up so that you have a basic value representing your capital gains liability. Where the coins come from and where they go is irrelevant since the software automatically calculates value of the transaction for every single tiny transaction. 
The working assumption is that when Bitcoins go into your wallet, they go in at market value based on a standard exchange. When they leave, the go out at market value. If the total market value going out exceeds the market value coming in, you have a liability. Otherwise, you have a reportable loss. 
@_date: 2014-04-30 07:28:45


I think you have a very unorthodox understanding of what the word "fact" actually means (or possibly what the words and phrases "money laundering," "slave," and "nonsensical" mean). 
@_date: 2014-11-15 20:06:54
Uh, I think you may want to go back and do a closer reading of *The Old Regime and the Revolution*, because de Toqueville was arguing that it was centralization by the *monarchy*, specifically the Ancien Rรฉgime, that displaced the comparatively decentralized feudal system of the Middle Ages, and the *French revolution* was, he argued, less decentralized than the Monarchy *contrary to the claims of the revolutionaries themselves*. It was the centralization by the monarchy, which disempowered much of the Aristocracy by centralizing power in the hands of the King and which granted greater land rights to the peasants, that de Toqueville argued created the very conditions for the French Revolution. He described the Revolution as authoritarian and tyrannical but fundamentally disorganized and nihilistic. This was in fact his key insight. Assuming you even read it, you seem to have totally misunderstood the work. 
@_date: 2014-11-15 19:52:23


Extreme increases *and* decreases in value. Funny how you selectively omitted that fact. Also no, extreme fluctuations in value are *not* a good quality in money. It is a good quality in an *investment*, but not money. Money is meant to be a store of value and a medium of exchange. A money that fluctuates in value is not a good store of value, and it is also a poor medium of exchange as it creates uncertainty as to whether it is sensible to put money to work through actual investment and spending. These are not ideal qualities for money no matter how you slice it.


No fiat worked for long term in the absence of a central banking system because there was no systemic ways to deal with liquidity traps or inflation. That was the key innovation of the 20th century that made full fiat and floating currencies a possibility. There was a fiat currency that worked in New France for about 100 years however back in the 17th and 18th centuries. In any case, the question is whether the facts that made historical fiat systems fail are present in the current fiat system. I am fairly convinced that they are not, specifically because the traditional causes of hyperinflation no longer exist. 
In either case, 40 years is a significantly longer track record than 4 years. And for the record, Bitcoin is in many ways similar to fiat in that it has no intrinsic value. The main difference is that it is issued by a protocol rather than a central institution, and its value is based *purely* on faith rather than by law. That is, its value is built entirely on the faith of users and is in no way secured by an institution or legal force that ensures it is usable. The legal force is of course only as good as the government backing that force, but it is a tangible value that Bitcoin lacks. 
That said, the collective faith of Bitcoin users *may be enough by itself*. As I said, I am a big believer in the protocol, and I see a lot of potential even though I am very opposed to deflationary currencies on a long established and near universally supported economic basis. I see Bitcoin as a grand experiment that may pave the way for a future currency based on the same underlying principles but different maths that sufficiently reward miners, probably through payments for verifications, while also being mildly inflationary. I still think that decentralization will lead to more instability as we saw with the Free Banking era, something I don't find desirable, but perhaps a sufficiently clever system could minimize that problem. The problem is that I really don't think markets alone can counteract volatility, and consequently I think there is a certain amount of value for 95% of the population in having a central authority that uses its power to create stability when the market might otherwise freefall. It is all well and good to talk about markets in some abstract sense, but in the final analysis markets left to their own devices have regular depressions and recessions that ruin people's lives. The current system is far from perfect, but it is a damn sight better than what we saw in the Free Banking era and any known historical equivalents. 
@_date: 2014-11-15 19:05:12
Wait. You think a monarchy is *more* centralized than a democracy? Also, saying the U.S. is not perfectly decentralized is a totally different claim from saying that people in the west *especially* aren't accustomed to decentralization. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 20:15:20
Not as a currency, which is his point.
@_date: 2014-04-22 00:39:59
Burden of proof is on the one making the claim. If you are claiming there are shills engaging in downvote brigades, it is on you to substantiate your claim with evidence. It isn't the burden of the person questioning your affirmative claims to prove you are wrong or to prove a negative. 
@_date: 2014-11-15 18:24:05
You seemed to have missed the word "reliable" in there. A currency that fluctuates wildly in value is not stable and by definition is treated as not being a [hard currency]( Gradual price change is exactly the kind of thing you expect from a *reliable* store of value. This is what makes it a **store** of value rather than an investment or a commodity. 
@_date: 2014-01-09 06:50:48
I didn't downvote you or anything. 
@_date: 2014-03-17 21:27:13
I do not, but that thread seems to agree, suggesting that any currencies that exist are from outside Starfleet in the form of foreign currencies. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 21:18:54
Foreign currencies are generally exempt from capital gains. Under [26 U.S. Code ยง 988]( it is treated as ordinary income rather than capital gains outside of a few certain special circumstances (futures contracts and futures exchanges for example). 
@_date: 2014-03-03 20:59:57
That seems like a pretty strong instance of hindsight bias. 
@_date: 2014-04-11 05:16:51
You really need to think that through a little better. 
@_date: 2014-01-30 00:21:30
Oh, OK. I thought you meant the actual policy of the United States. That's a pretty bizarre policy for a bunch of different reasons. Maybe it is meant to be a universal policy by adopting the strictest duration from any country. Although that doesn't even make sense, because I thing in some countries copyright is indefinite. 
@_date: 2014-04-02 06:45:31
It was a U.K exclusive model. Still, the model was a worse street car than the Japanese version in terms of performance, so in a way it is even more dumb. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 00:56:26
[$100 million worth of bitcoins were stolen]( too not so long ago. 
This really is about trying to inject a political cause into what should be a charitable act. If that is their 'reason' for not giving to charity, they aren't really interested in the charity part, because they are looking to get something in return.
@_date: 2014-01-07 18:18:57
Invest in Oracle. Specifically, this Oracle. I accept tips. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 18:47:22
Imagine if every time you used a dollar, you had to report it as capital gains on your taxes based on the value at which you received the dollar. Think about the implications of that for a minute. Now, in the case of the dollar, since it is inflationary this would be a net benefit for you since you could always claim a loss with every transaction, but for the person receiving the dollar this would be a serious problem. 
In the case of Bitcoin the problem is reversed. Now, I am not a tax lawyer, so if there is a tax lawyer in here that thinks this is wrong, please correct me, but from my understanding any time you make a purchase in Bitcoins you now have to report capital gains because you just realized the value of your Bitcoin. This is of *huge* significance because Bitcoin is deflationary. As price goes up, you now have to pay a tax every time you make a transaction. The larger the transaction, the larger your tax liability. Any rational person should *absolutely* take that into consideration when making Bitcoin transactions, because now there is an added cost to every single Bitcoin transaction. It isn't about the person receiving the Bitcoin. It is about you as the user of Bitcoin attempting to make a transaction that now has an added cost. If you can't see how that is problematic, I don't know what to tell you. 
@_date: 2014-02-10 07:25:56
You are presenting your random anecdotes as meaningful insights. The fact that your posts got ignored could be explained any number of ways, such as the time of day that you posted, or the minute you posted if there were a ton of posts occurring at the same time. Maybe people just found your posts entirely uninteresting. Instead, you attribute negative qualities to an entire community. That's just silly.
@_date: 2015-01-07 22:38:46
But no actual information is transmitted since you cannot know whether your observation is what caused the entangled state to collapse or whether it was an observer on the other end and since you cant force a particular outcome on either end. Thus, all you know is that the entangled particles on the other end have a state that is related to the entangled particle you view, but that those states are essentially entirely random and thus information free. Therefore the speed of information still does not seem to violate c.
@_date: 2014-03-17 02:53:51
They don't have [money in Star Trek]( Starfleet is fundamentally communist because material wealth is no longer a major factor in society due to replicators and the like. 
@_date: 2015-01-08 02:00:23
To be fair I rarely post in and I just happen to have read a decent amount of literature on the subject. In particular many years back I read a book on information theory that really explained quantum mechanics very clearly. What I find especially disappointing is how many people seem to think that quantum mechanics is all about actual human observers rather than just particle interactions, and who consequently draw all these silly metaphysical conclusions. The (possible) phenomena of Non Local Hidden Variables still kind of blows my mind though.
@_date: 2015-01-15 22:26:08
The thing about the "bottom" is that no one can know with certainty where the bottom is. The only hard bottom is 0. People sell because they anticipate that their sell price is *not* the actual bottom but a sign of things to come. 
@_date: 2015-01-19 01:41:35
If you have reasonable proof of assets, I'd get you as many Bitcoins as you'd like at the $400 price point. 
@_date: 2015-01-18 19:34:23
@_date: 2015-01-31 02:54:46
And the guy offering the bet is so confident that he is offering 1:10 odds that bitcoin will succeed. His bet would seem to indicate he thinks it is 10 times more likely that bitcoin will reach $100 than it will reach $1000, otherwise why does he get rewarded $10,000 if he wins while only paying $1000 if he loses? So if we follow your logic, the guy *offering* the bet must not be that confident in Bitcoin's success. 
@_date: 2014-11-15 22:52:15
Except the working class don't save in practice, both historically and presently, whereas the wealthy save vast amounts. The primary means of saving for the middle and lower classes has been through home ownership, something largely unlocked in the 50's as a result of a production boom facilitated by massive government spending and looser lending due to the Bretton Woods agreement and active interest rate management by the Federal Reserve. 
@_date: 2015-08-31 14:48:36


The improvement went from 2^8 to 2^16 (2 years) much quicker than it did from 2^4 to 2^8 (11 years). Quantum computing is a new field, so it is impossible to predict how this will pan out in the future, but it is entirely possible that the trend will be towards exponential growth. My understanding is that each qbit added to a quantum system is essentially an incremental increase in the exponent, so it is largely a question of how many qbits they can keep stable in a single system at once. Linear increases in the number of qbits result in exponential increases in computational power. If they double the qbits, they increase the exponent from 16 to 32. 
@_date: 2015-09-21 03:39:30
Currency is a subset of money. Money is a store of value that is used as the medium of exchange. Currency is physical money in a form used by people to actually buy things, like bills, coins and so on. Money also includes things like *bank* money, which is anything like your checking account, savings accounts and so on. Sometimes currency is used more broadly as a term, but that's the root of the distinction. The terms have of course blurred with the rise of electronic transactions and new forms of currency like Bitcoin. I kind of think of currency as money in a state of transaction or pending transaction. 
@_date: 2015-02-07 15:03:28


This is rather ironic, as it is pretty clear you did not actually read the book by Palahniuk, because that isn't how the book ends. 
Also, the whole point of the movie was to critique the destructive impulses of masculinity by exposing its inherent hypocrisy (note for example how all these idealistic anarchists are essentially devoted, blind followers of a single man) and learn how to come to terms with the contradictions of modern manhood. It emphatically is *not* suggesting that the complete destruction of the modern financial order would be a good thing. The message is that "Jack" had to accept his past and let it die so he could move on to a future with Marla. As Fincher himself said:




In other words, Tyler Durden is a simple minded idealist that fundamentally doesn't understand how to cope with the world. The movie is *critiquing* that brand of masculinity every bit as much as it critiques consumerism. So essentially you entirely missed the point of the film and the book. 
@_date: 2015-02-13 03:42:57
While consumer debt used to purchase depreciating assets is a dumb financial decision in many cases, in general credit and debt are one of the things that allowed European countries to rapidly prosper during the renaissance and enlightenment. The magic thing about debt and credit is that it allows a business or individual to get an *immediate* Return on Investment for a good while *delaying* the cost. For a great number of goods, this benefits both parties tremendously, and indeed creates a basis for huge amounts of economic growth by opening up business opportunities that otherwise wouldn't exist. 
To give an example, imagine I want to buy a new version of a Widget Maker that just came out makes 2000 widgets a day, which I can sell for a total of $20,000 profit every year. To buy it though would cost me $100,000. I do not presently have $100,000, but I *do* have another widget maker currently cranking out 1000 widgets a day, making me $10,000 every year. To get that second Widget Maker, I would have to save for 10 years. Starting year 11 I will be making $30,000 a year from having 2 widget makers, 1 of which is the New And Improved widget maker. 
Now I have an alternative option. I can get a 10 year $100,000 loan at 5% annual interest to get that widget maker *today*, year 0. This will make me an extra $20,000 of profit a year less yearly payments. Since the yearly payments are $12,950.46, for the first 10 years, every year I will make $30,000 less $12,950.46, or  $17049.54. Thus I will be making $7049.54 *more* each year than had I not taken the loan. By the time the loan is paid off in year 11, I will have made $70,495.40 more than I otherwise would have had I not taken the loan, all because I can get that increased return on investment over a 10 year period that I wouldn't have had if I had opted to save before buying instead. And I will still owe $0 in year 10 *just as I would have had I chosen to save instead*. So, in this scenario, I am actually wealthier because I took on debt. 
@_date: 2015-02-08 04:00:49
So what you are saying is that Tyler Durden captured the narcissitic, childish, violent, fascistic impulses of a generation? I agree. Because that is what Tyler Durden *actually* represented. That you think an entire generation was too stupid to understand that yet still worship the guy as a hero when quite clearly he was meant to be a charismatic *villain* is disturbing to put it mildly.
@_date: 2015-02-07 23:07:43


The "but art is subjective, man" is kind of a cop-out for literary interpretation. In this case, we don't have to guess, because we have the actual words of the creators of both the book and the movie to tell us what their works were about. Now certainly you are entitled to interpret things however you want, but that doesn't make your interpretation an accurate understanding of the works any more than having an "interpretation" of speeding laws will be a valid defense in a court of law. In short, there are better and worse arguments for particular interpretations. If someone argued that Fight Club was actually about the 12th century floral dress trade in Scandinavia, well, you can reasonably say that isn't a very fair interpretation of the work. Of course, they might defend their interpretation by saying "art is an entirely subjective experience," but I am sure you would agree that their subjective interpretation is about as useful and insightful as having a person that only knows Chinese translating Medieval french texts. That is to say, they can certainly spit out a bunch of nonsense and claim it is meaningful, but it probably doesn't provide much insight into what was being communicated in the original work. 
In this case, what you don't seem to have grasped is that the movie quite overtly critiques the very idea of an Ubermensch by illustrating how quickly that line of thinking descends into fascism. Tyler Durden goes from a protagonist to an antagonist at precisely the point that "Jack" realizes this. Tyler Durden seeks to *destroy* the reality as a childish reaction to his confusion and dissatisfaction with his position. He is the embodiment of Jack's violent overreaction to his feelings of emasculation at the hands of a consumerist culture. This is why at the end of the movie Jack becomes whole by "killing" Tyler Durden, who is of course a harmful and destructive aspect of himself that has prevented him from truly accepting his reality in an adult fashion. His killing of Durden and embracing Marla while the towers fall is a powerful way of saying "I accept my destructive past even though it was wrong and now I am ready to move on *together* in the decidedly *social* act of *love* rather than as an angsty, violent, hypermasculine malcontent." In other words, Jack was *rejecting* the very shit you are celebrating in your post. 
So, when you say "hey it's just a matter of interpretation" what I am saying is not only is your interpretation wrong, it is actually the *exact opposite* of the message that was being sent. This isn't because the interpretation is subjective, it is because you didn't actually fully understand the work. Thus the fact that you are essentially using the work to promote a message that is *the exact opposite* of the works intended message is kind of like Mitt Romney playing [Born In the U.S.A.]( during [campaign rallies]( It is almost offensive in its wrongness.


That's all great, but you will notice that nowhere did I comment on the cyperpunk/computer geek subcultures of the 80's and 90's. My comment narrowly focused on your interpretation of Fight Club.
@_date: 2015-02-04 16:10:27
He is clearly referring to popular votes, not votes made in the legislature. 
@_date: 2015-02-07 23:18:00
You may be surprised to learn that there was a means of recording information that existed before the advent of the internet. It was called "print" and it had the mysterious property of preserving things written and said for future times.
On a related noted I actually *talked* with Chuck Palahuinik *about* Fight Club in 2002 when I was attending the University of Oregon and had a conversation about this very subject, so there's that.
The bottom line is that film and literature has its own language, and understanding that language is necessary to understand the works. You quite clearly only understood a very limited selection of the :words" being spoken in this particular work but seem to have convinced yourself that your understanding is accurate and complete, like a guy that knows ten words of German convincing himself he knows enough to have understood today's Der Spiegel. You missed the message. That's fine. It happens. What it really isn't though is a matter of subjective opinion in this case. 
But if you want to tell yourself "it's all just a matter of interpretation" go right ahead. I am sure you think Born In the U.S.A. was a patriotic pro war, pro corporate song too. 
@_date: 2015-02-03 05:05:11
The point of this is rather obviously so people can *deliberately* establish a reputation for certain wallets. That is, it provides a means of establishing trust in certain wallets, which ought to facilitate speedier transactions in certain cases. If I can see you have a super-high reliability rating for your wallet and you come in to my store to purchase something, I can just have you transact to my wallet and let you be on your way without waiting for the transaction to be verified. Obviously your wallet will probably no longer be anonymous, but that's kind of the point. This gives users an opportunity to build a reputation of trust at the expense of anonymity. You know, like people do every day in real life.
@_date: 2013-11-28 04:06:02
Where did I say that Bitcoin shouldn't be discussed? There is a difference between discussing and endlessly promoting to the point of an almost *irrational exuberance*. But nice use of the black-or-white fallacy. 
@_date: 2013-05-20 00:08:28
That's fine, but I didn't make the opposite assertion. I only contended that his was not the mainstream view. I didn't present the mainstream view as being absolute. Economics is a complex subject with an incredible array of variables and very little ability to fairly and accurately test any given hypothesis. At best we have retroactive analysis of singular events of high complexity that may or may not be representative, as well as "predictions" that are quick to treat ex post results that correlate with expectations as proof of the accuracy of their ex ante causal explanations. Anyone speaking with too authoritative a voice should be treated with at least a certain amount of skepticism in my view. 
@_date: 2013-10-25 03:35:07
I wonder how many other posts there are on Reddit where there are 22 comments, only 2 upvotes and 0 downvotes? That has to be some sort of record. 
@_date: 2013-11-13 18:44:08
Thanks for being respectful and honest. I appreciate that.
@_date: 2013-12-13 04:08:53
So, having read the "Faq" it is, in fact, a bunch of unsubstantive bullshit. I especially enjoy the part that says: 




@_date: 2013-12-13 04:20:59
Note there is no actual citation supporting the claim. Unless you can point to an actual declaration by a Japanese court that legitimizes this, it sounds to me like a bunch of horseshit. As someone in the legal field, this reads like so much libertarian bullshit that I've encountered, where a person is just utterly convinced that they have the law on their side, but actually have not in any way ever had their belief ratified by any court or agency in any way. I am pretty much 100% confident that this has not happened, but rather that said person merely *claims* they have the right. Unfortunately, simply saying something is so does not make it so, else I would be king of your living room, and you would owe me a hefty beer tax.
@_date: 2013-12-06 00:24:19
I'm running out of ideas, but there is a spinoff of Cyberpunk 2020 that is *sort* of like this. Is this a videogame, a roleplaying game, or something else entirely?
@_date: 2013-11-19 09:03:40
Maybe so. That's why I'm here after all.
@_date: 2013-10-27 22:56:59
I didn't say the attendant circumstances were the *definition* of hyperinflation. Honestly, I really don't understand how you came to that understanding. What I was saying was that there are certain conditions that are *necessary* for hyperinflation to occur, such as foreign denominated debt, war, or regime change. In short, I was discussing the apparent necessary conditions for hyperinflation, not the definition of hyperinflation.
@_date: 2013-06-07 17:42:02
Bitcoin has features that *would* make it deflationary were it the actual basis of a national money supply. However, since Bitcoin is such a niche thing, it can't yet really be compared to money in the normal sense, and when people get their hands on bitcoin, they don't generally treat it like a currency by putting them in to circulation. 
Deflation is a *general* decline in prices. Since very few prices are denominated in bitcoin, it is hard to talk about a macroeconomic term like deflation applying to it. Really, it isn't super meaningful in this context. However, if for some reason overnight people stopped using dollars and started using bitcoin, then it would be absolutely fair to say bitcoin is deflationary, because the prices of things denominated in bitcoin would be declining over time, if for no other reason than because the number of bitcoins on the market would not be able to keep up with the rate of economic growth.
One might argue that bitcoin is still technically deflationary if the prices of things denominated in bitcoins cost less bitcoins over time, but even that would be a stretch, because deflation isn't really meant to refer to a currency but to a general macroeconomic phenomena describing how the money supply relates to levels of demand and how demand affects the price of goods and services. Right now bitcoin is just too niche to describe in those terms. 
@_date: 2013-10-27 20:25:35


On the contrary, people claiming hyperinflation in a novel occurrence are succumbing to the fallacy of shifting the burden of proof. *You* are making a claim that hyperinflation *will* happen. Therefore, the burden is on you to prove why this would be so. The burden is not on me to prove a negative. I am illustrating that the best available evidence does not support this conclusion. After all, while correlation does not equal causation, causation *requires* correlation. So, if merely printing money resulted in hyperinflation regardless of exigent circumstances, we would expect to see examples where this happened.


Did you not see the part where I said:




@_date: 2013-10-25 05:20:48
I think alt-coins are something that was probably anticipated, because Bitcoin is essentially Milton Friedman's idea made manifest, and a central part of Milton Friedman's idea is that there is a high powered money supply which is fixed and a low powered money supply which is expansive. In this case, alt-coins fill in the low powered money gap.
@_date: 2013-11-07 09:06:50
Argentina would beg to differ. The thing to remember is that what most threatens default and hyperinflation for a country is foreign denominated debt. Fortunately for the U.S., unlike Argentina, Zimbabwe or Wehrmacht Germany, U.S. public debt is denominated in dollars. The only other known cases of hyperinflation occurred in cases of national existential conflicts, such as national wars of survival.
@_date: 2013-11-23 10:07:04
Maybe you can't see it on your computer for some reason, but the formatting of that line where TTMG is results in an extra character, throwing off the alignment of the rocket cylinder. Conclusion: TTMG is too fat to be an astronaut! 
@_date: 2013-11-07 03:14:39


I understand that. That is why I said I confused the two. Also, I capitalized it because the text itself says "Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each State to the public Acts, Records, and judicial Proceedings of every other State."


What I am saying it means is that it provides a legal obligation to make debt payments. Whether it means the President can raise the debt ceiling is a different matter entirely. The point is it is an amendment that creates a legal obligation for the U.S. to honor its debts, which is codified in our budgetary process. I don't mean to suggest that it is impossible for the U.S. to *ever* default. However, it is clear that as part of our system we legally prioritize the servicing of debt, so even if, for example, the debt ceiling is not raised, debts will be paid before anything else using the existing revenue stream. The point is that the entire currency is backed by the U.S. government, which means an actual longstanding *institution* with all its assets and powers backing the currency, including the power to raise revenues through taxation. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 09:23:51


I get that. Believe me, I do. But the whole point of a currency is that it is the unit of measure for value. When the unit of measure itself is inherently opaque, it seems to me you have a big problem. With the dollar, we know what a dollar is as a measure from one day to the next, making it very useful when we seek to use it so assign subjective value to a thing. If a dollar changed in value every single day rather wildly, I would have a hard time knowing how many dollars a candy bar is worth, because I don't even know what a dollar measures, which means I can't compare a candy bar in dollar terms to the big mac I bought yesterday, so I really no longer have a way to use a dollar to gauge value. It would be like having a yardstick that changed length every day, and trying to compare the size of one person's foot measured one day to another person's foot measured another day. The arbitrary nature of the yardstick isn't relevant for the comparison of the two feet. The important thing is that the yardstick remain relatively the same length between measurements, even though the very idea of an inch or a centimeter is a pure fictional concoction. 
When you have an asset backed and state backed central currency, this helps give a clear signal for the dollar as a unit of measure, because we have a rough idea of how many there are, how they are being used in the economy, and how many assets are actually reflected within that economy. With Bitcoin we have nothing like that. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 08:18:22
95% of the average user's needs will be served by the phone without ever having to jailbreak it. That other 5% is of marginal utility to most people. The effort that is required to learn how to utilize a jailbroken phone properly, and to actually *gain* serious benefits as a result are such that expecting this to be a feature of the phone when you actually open up a huge amount of risk for the primary consumer of your product just by providing the option is not an intelligent business move, and doesn't even make much utilitarian sense. 
For most people, jailbreaking is just more hassle than it is worth. I mean yeah it is a little nifty being able to install an SSH client or a few extra customization options, but you also open yourself up to more malware from unlicensed apps, and even create vulnerabilities for app access in general. Those are *solvable* problems, but do you really want to open up that Pandora's box with tens of millions of consumers with variable technical expertise? It's a consumer product. The business isn't going to create a general consumer product to cater to the whims of a very narrow slice of the market, especially not a company like Apple whose core business philosophy is to control every aspect of design and to make everything proprietary.  
@_date: 2013-10-25 02:52:41


The only reason to take out a loan with normal interest is if you think the PV of your investment outweighs the PV of the loan. The principle is the same whether the currency is inflating or deflating. The difference is that with inflating currency, your PV is impacted by the interest of the loan, whereas with a deflating currency it is from the increasing value of the currency itself. The main difference is that interest is fixed, and therefore knowable to the debtor, whereas with a loan denominated in a deflating currency that is highly volatile, the risk is larger for the debtor. Presumably both banks and customers would calculate their expected returns, discount rates, and so forth. This could be offset in a variety of ways, just as it is with business loans. One possible way would be to have some sort of risk diversification scheme where risk is spread throughout various forms of money, perhaps with some intermediary taking on the risk by repackaging the debt, slicing it up and selling it off in multiple cryptocurrencies (that is an off the cuff idea, I'd have to think it through a lot more clearly to say for sure if it makes complete sense). If we accept the Efficient Market Hypothesis as having some bearing in reality, at some point Bitcoin will reach valuation that is more stable once (if) adoption becomes widespread because there will be many fewer variables affecting price to which the market will be reacting (legal, large scale purchases, variable rates of adoption, etc). Assuming deflation is small enough, you could simply couple the deflationary aspect with a small interest rate to get something comparable to interest rates with inflationary money. Without doing truly accurate math while still illustrating the point, an annual deflation of 4% and an interest of 1% would be comparable to inflation of 2% and interest of 7%. 


If that is true, wouldn't that be a nearly insurmountable problem for Bitcoin? Our entire system of finance is made possible by lending creating an instant ROI with only marginal expenditures. Starting a business in a world without lending would become a nightmare. 
@_date: 2013-11-26 15:19:10
I never said gold has *intrinsic* value. Even if I had, intrinsic value in this context would only mean utility that exists internally to the owner. Taken literally, *nothing* has intrinsic value. Value is only derived from a person's valuation of utility. The distinguishing factor here is that the utility of Gold is at least partly intrinsic to the substance of gold and the owner of gold. That is, it is not entirely dependent upon outside factors. I can find gold useful in its own right. The utility of Bitcoin is entirely dependent upon *extrinsic* factors, *not* just the intrinsic utility of a Bitcoin to the owner. A Bitcoin has exactly zero value to me without external networks propping up its value. 
Seriously though, one line critiques like that are rarely ever useful, and are a terrible approach to a discussion. You didn't even bother to explain what the confusion was or why it matters. You also didn't address the substance of the argument, instead attempting to single out one point on dubious grounds. That's just lazy.
@_date: 2013-10-25 01:58:57
Fractionalized reserve lending has existed for nearly a millennium. It can be a problem, but it is not *inherently* problematic, and it is a clever bit of financial prestidigitation that massively increases the effective wealth of society, so writing it off entirely is not necessarily a great idea. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 02:46:15
What step of wisdom is that?
@_date: 2013-06-05 04:46:14
That's fine that you believe that. I think there is some merit to the idea, mostly because I am not entirely convinced growth can go on indefinitely if for no other reason than because of limits on the carrying capacity of the planet. However, the value in growth is that it lifts people out of poverty and improves the material welfare of our lives. No force has been so powerful as the growth achieved by capitalism over the past 200 years. 
It is very easy to question the value of wealth when we are among the wealthiest people in the history of the entire world, and among the wealthiest of those now living (I assume you are from the North America or Western Europe, if not I apologize). Growth is obviously not nearly so important when you control a grossly disproportionate share of the world's wealth. It is not so easy to tell that to a poor farmer in Afghanistan or a man working on subsistence wages in the slums of Qatar or new Delhi. 
@_date: 2013-04-20 23:40:28
Yeah, [not exactly]( Money supply and inflation are highly related to each other, but inflation and deflation describes changes in general prices, not the money supply itself. 


@_date: 2013-06-16 23:12:22
Third possibility: I wasn't writing a line of code but was asking two independent questions, either of which could be true or false, or even partly true and partly false but requiring elaboration to properly explain. But yeah, if you wanted to be pedantic for no good reason you have succeeded. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 03:15:41


Fiat currency, and then all the assets savvy investors typically invest in that have produced reliable returns for centuries, such as stocks, bonds, commodities, and so on. 


Premire store of value for all of what, 3 years of history? Pardon me if I am not leaping to conclusions based on that data set. 


I do. And the problem with the U.S. dollar is that it is based on faith in the U.S. government, as is the case with all fiat and their issuing states. As soon as that faith collapses, so too does the fiat. But here is the thing, the government is a tangible known entity that people can make predictions about. Emergent networks are a lot less tangible, and a lot harder to make predictions about. Who would have predicted Facebook would be the dominant social network in 2005? Not anyone on Myspace. One simply cannot know how a decentralized network is likely to behave 10 years down the line. 
Further, the government can actively prop up fiat currency through all sorts of mechanisms. Bitcoin is completely dependent upon the faith of its users and their active participation. 


For example? According to my knowledge of history, gold was used as jewelry *long* before it was adopted as coinage. That seems perfectly in line with my explanation.


And as I am a reasonable person, I consider that a possibility. I don't understand why people are so averse to holding two views simultaneously. I have enough humility to know that I do not understand everything about the world, so I try and refrain from making too many absolutist pronouncements, especially about things that are very new and poorly understood. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 10:35:27


As a soon to be attorney at a great law school, I really could not disagree with this assessment more. The law is a fantastically well conceived piece of work considering the issues it is dealing with. I have been utterly shocked by just how well reasoned our legal system actually is, with the exception of administrative law, which is a giant nightmarescape. If it has a problem, it is probably that it is underfunded, and that we should do a lot more mediation for small claims cases, family law, and other similar types of disputes that are either low level or primarily interpersonal. But I don't really want to debate that topic since it is beyond the scope of this discussion, just putting it out there. 
@_date: 2013-05-08 03:11:42


That is 100% true.


I still fail to see why this is so.
@_date: 2013-12-03 22:21:47
Killing yourself will do that.
@_date: 2013-11-23 23:35:15
Also could be that certain legal liability is shifted towards the franchisee in a way it is not with other chains. For example, if Subway stock tanked because Bitcoin tanked, under normal corporate law, it might make the directors of the company personally liable under their duty of good faith, or possibly even under the duty of loyalty if there is anything fishy going on with the Bitcoins themselves. Maybe Subway shielded themselves from such liability somehow.
@_date: 2013-10-05 02:40:29
If he was ordering medication from overseas, there is a good chance the goods were illegal in some way. Maybe the goods infringed a patent or something (India had a huge industry for producing generic copies of pharmaceuticals). Maybe there was some sort of tariff or FDA ban. I'm guess though that if he couldn't get them through other channels, it is probably because the good wasn't legally allowed in the country.
@_date: 2013-07-02 03:31:08


It creates an incentive to dump in order to avoid paying transaction costs. 


Exactly wrong, at least in a democracy. In a democracy, the transaction costs are far lower to do things like voting and organizing corrective actions than it is to organize a group to control externalities in a free market. This problem is exactly why we have administrative agencies like the EPA. The market was doing a piss poor job of managing the problem even though the legal system provided potential remedies because both the costs of an individual suit were nowhere near equal to the costs of accepting a distributed harm and because the transaction costs of organizing collective action were far too high, especially in situations like company towns where a single company had effective control of local economies. It is just pure delusion to deny this problem. Even preeminent libertarian legal scholars like Richard Epstein acknowledge the seriousness of this problem.
@_date: 2013-12-11 08:19:19
No offense guy, but to anyone that has actually studied law, it is overwhelmingly apparent that you have no clue what you are talking about. Your "idea" has no legal substance. You have cited no legal authorities supporting your argument. You have not outlined any legal test that would apply to the case of bitcoin. There has been no statutory interpretation that has been applied. You have not managed to even explain how the law you have referenced even applies to the case at hand. You have not explained what the law is or how the law applies to the facts of the case. Your argument holds no legal water whatsoever. You haven't even done the most basic legal analysis. You would, quite literally, be laughed out of court based on what you have said thus far. Trying to blame this on people that have actually studied law, when the burden is on you to make your case, only serves to make you look foolish. I would suggest just letting it go and chalking it up as a learning lesson. We've all overstepped our command of a subject from time to time. It happens. It's no biggie. Just move on. 
@_date: 2013-12-12 12:52:29
The following is not legal advice, etc, etc, but there is no tortious interference here as there is no legal contract that is being interfered with. Generally speaking, for it to be tortious interference, there would have to be a contract that the freezing of the account interfered with. Further, there actually has to be some intent on the part of a defendant to interfere with a business or other contractual relationship for tortious interference to be found. Unless the money was held in escrow, or otherwise was held for some contractual purpose, a claim of tortious interference would likely have no merit. 
Under tort law, probably the closest argument you would have here would be one of conversion, possibly bringing a detinue action. However, given the actual legal relationship you have with your bank and the legal standing of the bank in that relationship and the special statutory rights and duties granted to them by law, this would be difficult if not impossible.
As far as your education concerning the law, while taking an undergrad Con Law class is great, assuming you are in the U.S., it is not at all like an actual law school course in Con Law and does not teach you the fundamentals of how legal reasoning works. While the knowledge is useful, it is generally not going to be enough to give you real insight into the underpinnings of a legal argument. 
Also, blacks law dictionary isn't really going to help you at all here. You really have to have at least a basic understanding of how the law is put together. Merely having a bunch of brief definitions would be about as useful to you as a pharmaceutical manual describing the chemical composition of various drugs would be helpful to you in creating a new depression medication. You need to have at least a basic legal education to contextualize things. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 09:46:55
In a small community though, this is controllable, and bad faith actors do not have an alternative option available to them. If they choose not to participate, they are essentially rejected by the community. In a complex world like today, with competing crypto-currencies, centralized currencies, gold and silver, commodities markets and so on, there is nothing forcing a person to participate in the informal Bitcoin market. So while they can use it when it is advantageous to do so, they can also refuse to accept it as tender when that choice also presents an advantage. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 03:18:08
Reserves *aren't* used. That's the whole point.
@_date: 2013-06-05 02:55:13
No, I didn't miss that part.
@_date: 2013-05-19 20:13:34


Do you have well supported scholarly evidence of your viewpoint? Because while that sounds great as an interpretation, it is against what I understand to be the great weight of general economic theory. In short, what you are saying sounds more like a hypothesis or a competing explanation than it does an accepted economic fact. I am happy to change my mind, but I feel like you are stating this as if it were a universally agreed upon fact when I am pretty sure this is not at all the case. Basically what you are saying sounds like some hybrid of Austrian economics and Milton Friedman's ideas, which are not nearly as certain or "proven" as you are presenting.
@_date: 2013-05-20 02:01:45
That's consistent with the hypothesis but it is not sufficient proof. It may be for example that adoption corresponds with price increases, and as more people adopt, there are more people spending *despite* price increases. Then again, it may be that OP is right, and people either don't think price will rise, or don't find it a sufficient concern to prevent spending and encourage hoarding (of course the real danger of hoarding comes from institutional investors, companies with accumulated capital and lenders, not the average consumer). The point is, I don't think there is enough evidence to conclude either way.
@_date: 2013-12-27 23:23:57
Expert opinion is a perfectly valid form of evidence in an inductive chain of reasoning, so long as the expert is discussing things in their area of expertise and there is a general consensus among those in the field. 
@_date: 2013-10-25 04:23:53
I agree this *could* be a problem, particularly when you get in a depression environment, but the good thing about Bitcoin as opposed to something like the gold standard is that you won't have sudden shocks to your money supply because your money supply isn't tied up to the supply of some arbitrary physical good that has a fluctuating supply. The real danger will be irrational exuberance leading to asset bubbles which, when they pop, could result in nasty feedback loops where holding money becomes more attractive than investment, which then encourages *more* saving since the money supply will be deflating faster as the circulating money supply continues to contract, and so on. As the rate of deflation goes up, for a business to be an attractive investment, it must have an ever higher ROI so the PV of the business investment outstrips the returns on simply holding on to currency. The only thing that gets you out of that trap is some fantastic pent up business opportunities and pent up demand. The problem is, we are a risk averse species, an even investors are liable to simply hold on to a sure thing (in this case their currency) during periods of high uncertainty. Without the demand manifesting itself *first*, it is hard to see business opportunity. This is precisely the trap we got in during the great depression, and it is why Great Britain was one of the first countries to escape the Great Depression. They dropped the gold standard before anyone else, so they could inflate the money supply to stimulate demand. In short, there had to be a *psychological* shift on a macroeconomic level to change purchasing and investment. 
In regards to your main point, presumably people will still buy stuff because either a) it has immediate or necessary value to them or b) because its present value outweighs the present value of the bitcoin. I mean, people still need food and clothes and so forth, and cars still have utility above and beyond their price and so forth. This might encouraging *more* saving, but I don't think it will encourage saving to the exclusion of all else. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 09:31:35
Thanks for sharing that. Is this site reasonably successful? A few weeks ago when I asked on here, nearly everyone said they would never take out a loan denominated in Bitcoins. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 23:32:21
If an inflation of the money supply does not cause an inflation in consumer prices, why is it a bad thing?
@_date: 2013-06-05 02:35:24
You missed the part where I specified *investment* money. Money spent on feeding oneself is not the prime driver of the economy. 
@_date: 2013-06-17 08:19:12
Yes, because that is the *only* way the government could interfere with bitcoin. The bridge is still available by the way, but you better act fast as there are other interested buyers!
@_date: 2013-11-23 21:55:26
Now I'm thirsty. Thanks a lot! :P
@_date: 2013-11-27 01:39:06
I didn't ever say they were synonymous. That's you opting to put words in my mouth rather than engaging my actual argument. If you want to have a boxing match with a straw man, go right ahead, just don't act like you won a title fight. 
@_date: 2013-11-25 00:25:16
Seriously consider withdrawing at *least* half of that money right now. INvest half the money you withdraw in a conservative index fund. Place the other half in an IRA account. On the off chance Bitcoin totally fails, you would hate yourself if you left the entirety of your investment in, only to see it tank. You've already made a fucking *killing* on your initial investment. Hedge your bets like a smart investor. That is my advice.
@_date: 2013-06-05 07:44:26
This guy right here. He knows what he is about.
@_date: 2013-12-03 08:24:38
It's second to one!
@_date: 2013-06-16 22:49:52
Which raises an interesting question: is the mining market over-saturated, or is it simply that the barrier to entry is too high for low level investors?
@_date: 2013-11-12 22:01:35
I honestly don't think it is *radically* different. It is just different. It is honestly a lot like any other informal currency ever to develop, of which there have been many in history, usually not long lived. The main difference is the method by which it operates. That is a *relevant* difference, but in my opinion it isn't a *radical* difference. The very fact that so many people talk about it in these terms makes me very concerned that present levels of investment are not really based on actual utility, but on pure speculation about rates of future adoption. A currency whose present value is built on speculation is a risky investment. 
I honestly think the true value of bitcoin is in its utility. I am uncertain about what the true value of that utility really is. Hence, I think any investment in Bitcoin includes a certain amount of risk, as with any other investment.
@_date: 2013-11-19 10:02:46
Im wondering how this will work as a legal matter. For example, imagine I gave a 100 BTC loan today backed by a car lets say. 10 weeks later, the debtor defaults. Would I actually be able to repossess his car? Based on my knowledge of contract law, I don't think I actually would unless the court acknowledged the market value of bitcoins. Looks like we are heading in that direction though. Thanks again for the info! 
@_date: 2013-10-25 03:58:29


Ok, I misunderstood your initial assertion then. I didn't realize that you meant for your broad economic growth to apply to individual instances, but now I see that this is what you meant. So, in other words, I *would* accept a loan in a deflating currency so long as I had an expected ROI of more than the appreciation of the Bitcoins plus principle. As I said elsewhere, the calculation is fundamentally the same as with loans in an inflationary environemtn: PV of the investment simply has to exceed PV of the loan. Similarly, the bank is still making money because they get interest plus the appreciation of the Bitcoin denominated loan's principle. I misinterpreted you I think because that was essentially what I said elsewhere, but someone was arguing with me, so I sort of mixed up what they said with what you said. The main difference, as far as I can see, is just that Bitcoin is *currently* quite volatile. But, in theory, at some future time volatility should smooth out as adoption increases since a lot of the variables that exist in current bitcoin trading will become blips rather than dips. 


People had an extremely difficult time saving up enough to purchase houses prior to getting rid of the gold standard. Unless you were a wealthy professional, it was pretty much out of the question. I suppose there is room to argue that it wasn't really the shift away from the gold standard that changed this, but from my understanding, that is economic orthodoxy at the moment. 
@_date: 2013-10-27 19:05:17
Hyperinflation is linked to national debt being denominated in other currencies. The U.S. has the novel position of having its currency being the de facto reserve currency of the world. Hyperinflation is unlikely to occur so long as the U.S. issues all its debt in U.S. dollars. 
The advantage of controlled inflation on a macroeconomic level is that it disincentivizes saving on the part of corporations and encourages investment because of the diminishing FV of currency. What is surprising is just how little all this Quantitative Easing has actually resulted in discernible inflation. Indeed we have the lowest inflation right now in the past 40 years. Whether inflation will actually fix the problem is uncertain, but it is not an unreasonable position to believe that it could help since so many corporations are sitting on massive warchests right now.
@_date: 2013-11-19 09:48:08
This is honestly more persuasive to me than anything that has been said in this entire thread. Thanks for sharing! 
BTW, do you know how the loans work? Are they contractually backed by anything? In other words, if someone defaults, can I go after tangible assets of theirs?
@_date: 2013-05-20 18:37:48
You think that the behavior surrounding a recently adopted and narrowly used money supply that is as much a *hobby* and an *investment* as it is utilized as a currency is a more accurate representation of a macroeconomic phenomena than the behavior of a universally adopted money supply that formed the basis of the world's currencies? I can tell you are well schooled in economics. 
@_date: 2013-04-21 00:44:00
In my initial statement, I made very clear that I was providing a *simplified* explanation which was a close enough approximation of the issue. Here is what I said:


Your attempt to complicate matters is pointless and has no use or value in the context of this discussion, as your chosen definition is not functionally different for the purposes of how bitcoin functions to the average user, which is whatwas being discussed. You are just being pedantic for no good reason.
Further, you seem to assume, for no apparent reason, that price and money supply are not highly correlated. Inflation is a measure of both, but directly speaking inflation is *calculated* by referring to prices. Contrary to your claim, price has been considered a measure of inflation (and by extension the money supply) since at least the 1920's with [Irving Fisher]( and Keynes discussing the issue in great detail in their respective economic theories. Indeed, Fisher's calculation was explicitly based on determining the money supply by looking at price. 
Further, I never said that the money supply is not connected to inflation, which you seem to conclude. I overtly said they are highly connected. Your statement that inflation is not a measure of price is just straight up wrong. Inflation is, as a matter of fact, calculated by looking at prices in the modern day. The fact that there are *alternative* measures of inflation doesn't make that statement somehow untrue as you seem to assert, any more than the special theory of relativity makes Newtonian physics not a way of measuring gravitational forces. They are not mutually exclusive, they are simply different ways of arriving at a similar result. At absolute best you could argue that price is not a *good* measure of inflation in the way that Newtonian physics are not a good measure of gravitational force, but that isn't what you have chosen to claim. You decided to come in here and say I am *wrong* when in fact I used a perfectly valid and accepted definition that is, in fact, the more widely accepted usage of the term (setting aside entirely the strong theoretical reasons for why economists focus on price).  


And of course "unbiased" in this context means "sources that happen to support what voiceofxp already thinks." That is just a variant of the argument by authority fallacy. The "bias" is irrelevant. The strength of the argument should be evaluated on its own terms.
Herp derp, case closed!
@_date: 2013-10-25 03:31:20
While I generally agree with what you are saying, I think you miss one important factor in lending, which is that lending provides a way to give a capital infusion which allows investment in productive enterprises that can harness an instant ROI that *is not possible* without the loan. This results in what amounts to a huge opportunity cost, which [I explain on a very basic level here]( Saving cannot replace that function, so there has to be some other source. While equity can serve that function in a business context, I'm not sure how you can do without lending in the realm of personal loans. 
I suspect the end result of such a system is that you kill the middle class, because people now have to save to buy appreciating assets like houses. This means you strip one of the major sources of equity from the middle class that *makes* them the middle class: real property. Indeed there are a lot of economists that argue that depegging the dollar from the gold standard is what helped spur the growth of the middle class in the U.S. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 23:11:42
Now, I realize this is a parody of To The Moon Guy, but in the interest of furthering my career as a pedant, Poindexter, and professional know-it-all that everyone hates, it should be To Mars Guy, not To *The* Mars Guy. Mars is a proper noun, and there is only one planet Mars. By contrast, there are many moons, but only one moon that orbits Earth (well, only one that people that are not astronomy buffs commonly know about and can see with the naked eye anyway). Thus, to distinguish *the* Moon from any other moon, we call it "*the* Moon." While we would say "lets go to *the* Moon" in order to provide clarity about the destination we mean, we would never say "Lets go to *the* Mars" because there is no ambiguity about which Mars we are talking about. 
Of course, the proper use of the word "the" before proper nouns gets considerably more complicated and, arguably, arbitrary the more you think about the different ways in which it is used (Why *the* New York Met but not *the* Sydney Opera House for example?) but in this particular case the rule is fairly consistent and easy to understand. 
And now back to your regularly scheduled day of caring about things that actually matter. 
@_date: 2013-12-02 14:29:46
When people said Bitcoin people are a little preachy, I thought it was just a figure of speech!
@_date: 2013-06-04 23:00:26
It is not rational to spend *investment* money when the money itself is accruing greater value. Thus money, which ordinarily intended as an exchange medium as currency, becomes an investment in itself. Whether it is easy to spend or not is sort of beside the point. It is a matter of whether it is more rational to spend and invest or to hold on to your money. So money's role as a currency is undermined, largely defeating its original purpose of facilitating exchange.
@_date: 2013-10-02 18:52:47
The trial hasn't happened yet. You are making assumptions that conform to your biases. 
Rationally, there are two primary possibilities:
DPR did order a hit on a person.
DPR did not order a hit on a person.
Both are possible (with many alternative sub-possibilities, such as the "hit" being a joke, etc.). Certainly the Silk Road facilitated such transactions. Given that he created a system that made all sorts of criminal activity possible anonymously, it's hard to believe this guy was a pure ethical paragon incapable of doing wrong. He clearly was thinking in terms of ends justifying means: namely that it was worth facilitating certai immoral activity if it "protected" us from government intrusion. So, apparently, helping child pornographers to stay anonymous and hitmen to find a market was a price he was willing to pay for anonymous transactions. To me, that says he is a person that is willing to use certain immoral means to achieve what he perceives to be an ultimately more moral world. He could just as easily have applied that logic to a hit. Is it likely? Hell if I know. I don't have the evidence to judge. It certainly isn't as paradoxical as you and others seem to imply however.
The fact is though, we don't know enough to honestly assess the likelihood of it having happened. We simply don't have sufficient evidence. Unless you have evidence illustrating that there is some sort of planting of evidence or a charade, you are just making wild guesses, guesses that just happen to conform to what you already believe about the world. I certainly can't prove that he did what is alleged. That is up to the prosecutor. It is up to a jury to decide whether that evidence is sufficient to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that DPR was involved in a conspiracy to murder. Neither you nor I have enough information to make an informed determination. We can certainly engage in wild speculation, but that isn't a very good basis for passing judgment.
@_date: 2013-04-20 22:48:19
Mining must outstrip demand for the currency to inflate. We would expect the price of bitcoin to drop over time if the currnecy was intlating. Instead we see that the price of bitcoin is continually increasing over time, making it deflationary. Really it is a little bit more complicated than that, but it is a close enough approximation to explain what is going on.
@_date: 2013-06-05 07:10:30
You would be wrong. There is at least [$17 trillion in corporate debt]( (though this is based on old numbers that are the best available I can locate) in the US compared to [$11.53 trillion in household debt]( Of that household debt, a substantial portion is from the purchase of appreciating assets in the form of residential houses ([~$10 trillion]( and productive assets in the form of educational loans ([~$1 trillion]( 
So, it would appear the *overwhelming* majority of loans are for investment purposes meant to increase productivity and/or growth or purchase useful asset that also appreciates in value, fulfilling the same fundamental purpose of immediate ROI (in case you are wondering, buying a house now and securing all its increasing value for yourself that it accumulates over the 30 years of the loan rather than waiting 20 odd years to save up the money and buy it all at once works in an identical financial fashion, though of course one has to work with the actual numbers based on the interest rate of the loan, rate of appreciation of the house, increased costs of maintenance less rent that would have otherwise been paid and so on). While my hypothetical was a dramatically simplified illustration of the principle, this is exactly why the majority of loans are taken out, otherwise securing a loan would make very little sense (especially business sense) in the majority of cases. It simply doesn't make sense to take out a loan of any significant size unless you believe you can capitalize on the proceeds of that loan. The belief that the stoic saver is just wiser and more disciplined is in many respects just a pleasant myth that the austerity folks (and some Austrian economists) would have you believe.
There are times when saving makes a great deal of financial sense. There are times where saving is bad for your financial health. Knowing how to tell the difference is a big part of financial success over the long term.
@_date: 2013-10-25 23:00:13
Norway makes $1 billion a week from their oil revenues, or $52 billion a year. Scales up for population, that would be like the U.S. making over $1.5 trillion from oil revenue every year. In addition, their sovereign wealth fund is about to hit $1 trillion in value. Also scaled up, that would be over $30 trillion in the U.S. Our oil and gas reserves are robust, but I think they aren't quite that large. 
@_date: 2013-06-05 02:44:35
Of course you could engage in all enterprises without the benefit of loans, but you would lose out on *huge* amounts of productivity in your economy.
The main motivator for lending, especially in business, is that it allows businesses to get capital to get an ROI in the immediate term while paying for it over the long term.
Think of it this way. If I want to buy a widget that doubles my productivity and my income of $10,000 for $20,000, I can either get a loan to buy it now and pay it off over 20 years, or I can spend 10 years saving up to buy it in the future. If I buy that widget now, I add $10,000 to my income for the next 20 years. That means I made an extra $200,000 over that period. Once I pay off the loan, lets assume $20,000 at 6% interest over a 20 year period, or $34,320 over the life of the loan, reducing your earnings to $165680. By contrast, if you wait to save up the money for 10 years, you only get the last ten years of profit in the 20 year span, or $100,000 extra dollars. So, the individual taking the loan made $65,680 *more* than the individual that didn't because they immediately gained the productive benefit of the new tool. The individual wins, the bank wins, the economy wins. 
Also, FOREX in lieu of central banking is a bad idea, and I already gave some insight into that in this thread, but you can research that further for yourself. 
@_date: 2013-06-04 22:36:13
The bottom line problem is that deflation discourages investment and spending, making the rational behavior of individuals work against the rational operation of the economy at large. If everyone is hoarding and no one is spending, you get a recession or a depression. The problem is that the money itself is creating this cycle, because the *nature* of the money supply encourages this counter-productive behavior. This is why Britain escaped the great depression before anyone else. They left the gold standard, freeing them from an artificial restraint on the economy. Limitations on the supply of gold were *arbitrary* and were not attached to the growth of the economy as a whole. So, the economy could grow while the money supply shrank in relative terms. If these two trends grew too far apart, investing in the money supply became more rational than investing in productive enterprises. This made money even more scarce, igniting a downward spiral of deflation. 
Of course there are competing explanations about how money and deflation relate to each other. Some blame debt bubbles for example, which is true in so far as debt bubbles cause market corrections, but the whole point is really that the money supply needs to be able to adjust to market conditions, not contribute to market failures. So it isn't so much about whether a money supply by itself is deflationary, but what happens once the economy goes south as it inevitably does periodically.
Bitcoin, unlike gold, at least has the virtue of being reasonably predictable as far as supply goes, and because of the ease of divisibility some of the issues with commodity backed currencies aren't as pressing. Whether this fixes that problem remains to be seen. In that respect Bitcoin is a great economic experiment. Those who say for certain they know what is going to happen one way or the other are, in my opinion, overconfident in their claims. Bitcoin is unique and different. We cannot know with any certainty how it will work out. Lets hope for the best. 
@_date: 2013-10-25 03:33:48
Well, its decentralized nature is a big part of it. I'm not sure I believe that anonymity is critical to the relevance of Bitcoin. A dollar bill is anonymous too, it's only when I involve institutions in specific types of transactions that this anonymity is really lost. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 10:30:50
Cigarettes have functional utility to someone in their own right. It doesn't matter if it has utility to me so long as someone somewhere would want to use it. Cigarettes are not fundamentally different than candy, or a sandwich, or boots in that way. I might accept a pair of boots even not being able to use them if I believe i can trade them at a later date. That is only likely if, somewhere in this system of exchange, there are actually people somewhere that really do want boots, and will do things or pay things to get them. If absolutely no one ever really wants boots for their own sake, even if just as an aesthetically pleasing ornament, you can be fairly sure boots will never become a medium of exchange. Of course, so long as you have a few end users that are willing to actually use those boots, it is possible to float a whole currency on top of it, but the greater the actual demand for that good, and the easier it is to move around, the better it is as a currency. Lots of people smoke in prison. Cigarettes are easy to move around. It has both intrinsic utility as a good and fungibility. 
In terms of the Rai Stone, I would argue that this is predicated on a cultural belief system. That is, there is a deeply indoctrinated cultural value to the thing. Possibly this originated aesthetically, possibly not, I am not sufficiently familiar with it to say. But what I can say is that in a closed culture where people can attribute spiritual value to a thing because of an article of faith, in the original sense of the term, then that culture will normatively ascribe value to that thing. In short, to them, while we would describe it as a belief, they would see it as *real*, and thus perceive it as having actual real world utility. It may even be that they originated as originally aesthetic or symbolic goods, not sources of exchange. Possessing one probably came to be a mark of status or distinction in the culture, a form of conspicuous consumption. I do not see how this translates to Bitcoin at all. 
@_date: 2013-11-20 19:25:25
You could. But both those things have known dollar values that the court can refer to and a clear utility in their own right that makes them constitute consideration in the eyes of the court. I am just not certain if the court would have the same view of Bitcoins or not. 
@_date: 2013-06-05 02:52:06
Well, with bitcoin presumably there would be fractional reserve lending at some point, assuming widespread adoption, because there simply isn't enough high powered money to accommodate the demands of the economy. I know bitcoin itself couldn't accommodate fractional reserve lending, but one can easily imagine the development of scrips or other substitute tender given out by banks filling the gap.
@_date: 2013-06-05 01:01:54


Yes it is, though it is not limited to them.


Yes. There are no shortage of Austrian economic advocates on Bitcoin. I can hardly fart without one of them sticking their nose up my arse. But OP didn't ask about the Austrian perspective on why everything is hunky dory in Bitcoin land. He asked why deflation might be a problem. Keynesian economics offers a perfectly cogent explanation for how deflation can be a problem.


Of course, the assumption is that the market could and would do this by itself. There are a whole host of economists that have explained just how and why this does not and historically did not work. Indeed one need only understand why the Fed was created in the first place to understand [why it would be a bad idea to do away with it without a suitable replacement]( [Competing currencies and banking panics are actually not conducive to a stable business environment]( but people seem to have forgotten their economic history. Look at what happened after Jackson dissolved the Second Bank of the United States. It triggered a [series]( of [depressions]( For all the belief that the fed causes booms and busts, it is remarkable just how many depressions and banking panics there were before the creation of the fed, practically one every decade. Since the creation of the fed, the economy has been much more stable as a whole.


Nor does Keynesian economics argue it does. If you think that is what Keynes proposed, you must not have read or studied Keynesian economics. The comparison to Zimbabwe is ridiculous. Hyperinflation happens when debts are denominated in non-local currencies. This is why the Wehrmacht republic had hyperinflation, because their reparations debt was denominated in foreign currencies, making it impossible to use controlled inflation as a tool. This is why Zimbabwe has hyperinflation. To my knowledge, no country owing debt denominated in its own currency has suffered hyperinflation. The US has the luxury of issuing the world's reserve currency, the dollar.
@_date: 2013-11-13 04:01:18
A lot of people are acting as if there is *no* risk, and want to shout down anyone that suggests even a hint of such a thing exists. This is dangerous because it creates an atmosphere of irrationality, which can create a speculative bubble. This can result in real people losing real money because they were convinced of something that was not true, namely that Bitcoin is a riskless, guaranteed investment. To act like "everyone knows this" is to ignore half the posts that appear on this sub that practically *guarantee* the near universal adoption of bitcoin as a currency. I worry for those people that believe this that may be investing an unreasonable amount of money on a speculative get rich scheme, and I worry about how frequently this view is promoted without anything like a moderating tone. That is not people treating Bitcoin like a rational investment. 
Now, maybe all the hypothetical best case predictions will turn out to be true. Maybe everyone invested today really will be wealthy in 20 years. But if it doesn't turn out that way, and someone is left holding the bag, what then? Do we just shift blame to those people for buying in to the hype, or do we take some responsibility as a community for relentlessly promoting such a one sided view of a complicated phenomena?
@_date: 2013-12-12 14:43:34
The contractual relationship between the bank and the customer is only being interfered with if the freezing of funds somehow prevents plaintiff from fulfilling its contractual obligations with the bank, which in this case would make no sense. Secondly, it would have to be a "wrongful act" for it to be a tort in the first place, which means the act would have to be otherwise illegal. Simply saying their is "interference" is not sufficient to establish tortious interference. If the seizure is legal, then tortious interference is not possible. So, caselaw would have to first be established otherwise showing that such a seizure was not legal. The case for tortious interference hinges on it. You still have not established that this is so. 
Third, and on this point I am not as clear as tortious interference was not something that we went over in any real detail in either my torts class or in property, but I am nearly positive you couldn't even bring a tortious interference claim for interference within your own contractual relationship. Generally this would be covered by contract law. Perhaps there are some jurisdictions it is different, but I am 99% certain that one of the shared elements of tortious interference is interference by a third party in a relationship. In fact, a quick search confirms that belief:


The existence of a contractual relationship or beneficial business relationship between two parties.
Knowledge of that relationship by a third party.
Intent of the third party to induce a party to the relationship to breach the relationship.
Lack of any privilege on the part of the third party to induce such a breach.
The contractual relationship is breached.
Damage to the party against whom the breach occurs.


Are you deeply familiar with securities law? Banking regulations? Wire fraud laws? The specifics of the contract between the bank and the customer? The facts of the case with the particular depositor as it applies to those laws? Do you know whether they were asked or advised to freeze the account by a state or federal agency? If not, that is an awfully bold claim to make. There are endless possibilities, and a huge amount of it is fact specific and cannot be generalized. The very fact that you are speaking in broad generalities without reference to a particular case with particular facts illustrates your misunderstanding of how the law works. There are so many possibilities that without knowing the details of a case, you are pretty much grasping at invisible straws here. 
@_date: 2013-11-04 01:20:39
That way we can get back to chasing the women away!
@_date: 2013-11-18 04:34:19
Ah, the classical Civil War historical revisionist rears his ugly head again.
@_date: 2013-11-19 10:49:50
Nothing is more valuable than the power of your imagination! 
Well, except for maybe the kidney that Tincap Earl just cut out of me with that rusty knife.
@_date: 2013-12-04 05:47:20
You must be furious at the 90% of people holding Bitcoin without ever spending any right now then.
@_date: 2013-12-25 02:37:12
There is a series of questions you should be asking yourself before boldly proclaiming that this or that banking action is illegal:
* Are you a lawyer?
* Are you familiar with [any particular nation's] law?
* Are you familiar with that nation's banking regulations?
* Are you familiar with *international* banking law?
* Are you familiar with the same questions as above, only pertaining to wire fraud?
* Money laundering? 
* Are you familiar with the specifics of the contract or agreement the party has with the bank that rejected the assets?
* Do you feel confident that the poster included all the relevant facts with which to analyze the law in this particular case?
If the answer to any of those questions is no, then you should probably refrain from claiming you know whether a certain thing is or is not legal, because there is a *very* good chance that you have no idea what you are talking about
@_date: 2013-12-20 21:02:42
They have a term for it in criminal law: Wilfull blindness. It's when people deliberately facilitate criminal enterprises while attempting to shield themselves by creating layers of ignorance such that they do not know the *specifics* of a given crime even though they have reason to know generally that a crime is exactly what is happening, and that they are assisting it through their actions. A good example would be if I were at a border crossing and someone offered me $50,000 just to take the briefcase across the border and deliver it to a guy on the other side, provided I do not, under any circumstances, open the briefcase. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to know what you are doing in that case, and why someone is paying you $50,000. Your feigned ignorance doesn't somehow absolve you of moral culpability for accepting the arrangement.  
@_date: 2013-11-14 06:10:41
I think the problem is really about the drug war. Without the drug war, there would be no compelling reason for civil forfeiture laws. I mean, in the cases shown in that video, it doesn't take a rocket scientist to see that those are legitimate seizures of drug money. The very fact that the people being deprived of the cash aren't bringing a suit to recover their cash when they could very easily do so is a pretty clear indicator that those individuals are involved in drug trafficking and don't want to risk further exposure. People just don't travel around with over $100K cash wrapped in plastic blocks unless they have some sort of criminal intent. In the rare cases that such a person really *doesn't* have criminal intent, they can challenge the seizure and get their money back. 
All of that is sort of irrelevant though. If we didn't have the ridiculous war on drugs, no one would be ferrying around large quantities of cash for the purposes of facilitating criminal conduct anyway, and there would be no reason to have these laws. So really this is a symptom of a much bigger problem.
@_date: 2013-10-27 22:09:40


[That is actually *not* the definition of inflation]( The definition of inflation is a general rise in prices of goods and services over time. Money printing is a contributing *cause* of inflation. It is not inflation in itself. Perhaps that is the root of your problem.
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:36:36
I wouldn't be so sure that a Bitcoin denominated contract is actually legally enforceable, as bitcoins are not a recognized form of legal tender yet. I think that remains to be seen. Some contracts are simply not legally enforceable for various reasons. A court might not even view Bitcoins as consideration, although I would like to think the would be open to the idea. If nothing else, they could view it as an options contract. But, to the best of my knowledge, there have been no cases legitimizing Bitcoin in that way, so I am uncertain how it will be handled as a matter of law.
@_date: 2013-11-26 20:29:40
Read the rest of the comments please. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 09:08:06
That is not true. Dollars are all effectively backed by real, tangible assets. Every debt is asset backed in some way. The number of dollars in circulation is a reflection of lending, which is a reflection of deposits (albeit in a fractional way), which are themselves a reflection of actual value that was created somewhere. This ends up being priced in to all sorts of things. The value of a dollar is further a reflection of GDP. Finally, the legitimacy of the dollar as legal tender is backed up by the legal system of the United States. This is all a much easier to understand foundation for how a dollar can be a medium of exchange and a store of value, and it allows us to have a pretty good sense of why X numbers of dollars are able to buy Y things. I couldn't even begin to explain why this is with Bitcoin, but I am ready to confess that this may be due to my own ignorance. Hence why I am here. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 20:50:10
I love when people engage in these little rhetorical tricks, simply repackaging reality into a series of convenient soundbites that just so happens to support their ideology while selectively leaving out relevant facts that happen to challenge it. 
Next time I open up a dog fighting ring, my defense will be "What, is it now illegal to run a canine enthusiast social club?"
@_date: 2013-10-25 01:22:31


So did you take a loss on the loan then, assuming you did this at a point in time prior to Bitcoin's price increasing? 
@_date: 2013-10-29 03:02:21
In the abstract? Since about Alexander Hamilton? More explicitly? Since about Andrew Jackson's debacle with shutting down the Second Bank of the United States.
@_date: 2013-11-19 09:30:02
Bitcoin as a measure of value is very opaque, because I have no way of knowing the assets that back the whole system, which makes it difficult to understand as a yardstick for transactions from one day to the next. How can I compare the value of things if one day a Subway Sandwich costs 1mbc, while the next day a pair of tennis shoes costs 1Btc? With a dollar I have a way to make a 1 to 1 comparison from one day to the next because the currency is inherently and deliberately stable by design. It makes it easier to use a dollar as a unit of measure for assigning value to things, in the same way that a standardized yardstick makes it easier to make two different and comparable measurements at two different dates.    
@_date: 2013-07-01 21:55:01
The problem is when a situation creates perverse incentives that result in people having a reason to dump the costs of their actions on to others. In the case of the landfill problem, the idea that property rights is the solution assumes both that every owner of property can monitor *all* of their property consistently, and that even *if* they could, that they could monitor it in a cost effective way that is less costly than dealing with dumped trash, or even just ignoring dumped trash. 
In general, externalities are a giant problem for the whole "free market anarchy" idea. There are other major issues as well, but externalities are probably the biggest one.
@_date: 2013-08-30 17:43:21
I care, but mostly in an academic way. I definitely think it is a interesting and well executed idea, I'm just not as convinced as most people on this forum that it will succeed for a variety of reasons. However, this would be one of those cases where I would love to be wrong.
@_date: 2013-10-16 17:28:55
It has gotten worse since 1776. As populations grow in a limited space, societies naturally develop more complex rules to regulate the increasing numbers of interactions between people. IN a world where a couple million people occupy a country the size of the United States, you don't have to worry about regulating every social interaction because an individuals actions simply don't have as much impact upon the people around them. When there are 250 million people in that same space, the need to regulated increases, because individual and collective actions have much more far reaching consequences. 
Because we as human beings are generally more predisposed to prefer order and predictability over chaos and unpredictability, whenever negative unpredictable events happen, our natural reaction is to create systems to minimize their impact in the future. Of course, over time, any large system will accumulate more and more mechanisms to regulate these things because there will have been more and more events that have happened that people want to manage. 9/11 is just one of an endless string of such events in U.S. history. It has an outsized role in our mind because it was a recent and major event, probably the most major chaotic event in the U.S. since WW2. But it is not the only event, and it is not even the most important event. It is just the most important event within the lifespans of most people on Reddit.
Does this mean that we shouldn't be skeptical of regulation and intrusion? Of course not. It just means we should put it in perspective and should do an honest accounting of the interests of people in society. Half the people around here act like the only thing that matters is absolute liberty and privacy, as if we are not all part of a larger interconnected, interdependent society. While liberty is important, and is something we should try to maximize as much as we can *without infringing upon other important considerations*, it is not the be all end all concern of a society. To imagine that it is seems to me to be profoundly myopic and even a little egocentric.  
@_date: 2013-11-26 20:40:26


And dog shit might well have been adopted as a currency if it was divisible, durable, easily transferable and difficult to counterfeit. Clearly it lacks at least two of those four qualities. Utility formed the initial basis of gold as money. I am saying it was probably *necessary*, but not sufficient. It had to have other qualities as well. Gold possessed other qualities *on top of* utility that a pile of dog shit simply does not. Bitcoin, by contrast, shares those later qualities with gold, but not the initial "utility in itself."
Fiat gets around this problem by having a government reinforce its value as a matter of law. Ultimately, it rests on trust in the issuing government. Bitcoin asks us to trust other pseudo anonymous users. It is in this way that it resembles fiat, even though it is not centrally issued. As money, fiat and Bitcoin have just as many similarities as Bitcoin and Gold. 
@_date: 2013-10-25 01:51:31
Well, that would be the worry, yes. This is part of why I am asking. In my view this is probably the single biggest difficulty facing Bitcoin as a form of money, at least absent some weird low-powered money that is synergistic with Bitcoin. I do not think bitcoin can operate as a money supply, especially given how you could never engage in fractional reserve lending without there being some sort of proxy or credit system of some kind, which honestly I don't know how that would work given the whole foundational assumptions underpinning Bitcoin. On the other hand, lenders managed to operate in a world with gold backed currencies for ages too. 
I am hoping that people *would* be receptive to the idea to some extent given some sort of terms of contract that solve the misaligned incentives. The problem as I see it it this. On the one hand, the lender has to make more money by lending than they would by holding on to their existing bitcoins. On the flip side, a debtor has to be reasonably certain that the deflationary features of Bitcoin do not become so burdensome as to render the loan a financial prison.
@_date: 2013-11-19 08:52:17
Well you get bored apparently, which is fine. Downvote and move on. But I don't think you can speak for everyone. Indeed, that would seem contrary to the very idea of Bitcoin as a promoter of independence and decentralization.
@_date: 2013-06-05 07:40:49


How do you suppose private lending institutions can know how to set their interest rates ahead of time?
@_date: 2013-06-04 23:45:29
THe problem is, taking on a loan is a very dangerous endeavor in a deflationary environment. Not only do you owe interest on the loan, but it is harder to secure the value of the original principle because the value of the money has gone up. This makes it really difficult to escape debt and further discourages investment because businesses become reluctant to take on debt in order to expand.
@_date: 2013-12-14 00:57:26
Burden of proof is a legal standard. In cases of law, there are often rebuttable presumptions, burdens of proof and burden shifting frameworks for establishing who has to prove what when if they want to win a case. In property, there is often a rebuttable presumption that the person with title to the land owns the land. The burden of proof is then on the party wishing to show that said land is not actually owned by the person with title, for example through a successful showing of adverse possession. 
@_date: 2013-11-07 01:24:42
It is a meaningful statement.~~The full faith and credit clause~~ Section 4 of the 14th Amendment essentially means that the U.S. promises to pay anything it owes, giving the U.S. dollar value in the form of U.S. guarantees. Part of the reason this is so valuable is because the U.S. has backed up the clause for over 200 years, never missing a payment. Given that the U.S. government also has craploads of assets backing that statement, and given that it can raise revenues through taxation, that is no small thing. In other words, the currency itself is undergirded by an entire system of law and government. 
Bitcoin has plenty of advantages, but the ~~full faith and credit clause~~ 14th Amendment is one thing the U.S. dollar has that Bitcoin does not. To pretend like that isn't true or meaningful is pointless and self defeating. Insisting that it doesn't mean anything will just make Bitcoin people look like fanatics, and will make people more reluctant to accept Bitcoin because they will think it is all built up by people deluded about the nature of currency. The best way to counter such claims is to meet them head on, acknowledge them, and explain why *even so* Bitcoin is a worthwhile currency. Then you seem honest rather than disingenuous or deluded to people that are familiar with U.S. economic concepts. 
Edited to correct misstatement. 
@_date: 2013-04-20 17:19:44
This is actually a major problem with the currency. It is inherently deflationary. Divisibility doesn't solve the problem (note that gold is also effectively infinitely divisible). If anything, it makes it worse because it makes hoarding currency easier without solving the dynamic that prevents spending in the first place: speculation about the improved future value of the currency. This is *devestating* as a problem. As evidence, read up on how frequently the gold standard caused prolonged economic contraction for hundreds of years, benefiting the wealthy tremendously while creating great difficulties for the poor. 
The problem with the gold standard is that the actual supply of money was entirely independent of economic growth. As soon as you have an economic contraction, this is devastating, as deflationary pressures spiral out of control without any way to pump liquidity into the market to encourage spending and investment. This was what made the Great Depression so brutal. It is no coincidence that the first country to emerge from the Great Depression was Great Britain, the first country to abandon the gold standard. Bitcoin has the same inherent problem. Indeed it is arguably worse, because the gold supply that can be retrieved is *fixed* and effectively linear in growth. As you probably know, economies don't grow in a linear fashion, but rather in an exponential fashion. In addition, short term spot prices on gold were *highly volatile, which was great for speculators but *terrible* for the average person. We can see that same problem very clearly with bitcoins. Gold also punished debtors because it made the value of their debt grow over time on top of any interest rates that existed because the money they owed became harder to obtain. This was fine for banks, but again terrible for the poor and middle class. It made loans a difficult proposition. Finally, inflation and deflation essentially became consequences of how much gold happened to be mined out of the ground rather than anything actually going on in the economy, so the arbitrary mechanism for assigning value that is purely meant to allow us to weigh a transaction ended up itself dictating the functioning of the economy.
Bitcoin might have been able to solve this particular problem by making mining work a little bit differently. Right now, the supply is inherently deflationary. There is no reason this has to be so. It could just have well been that the supply expanded in an exponential fashion. This would make the currency inherently inflationary, which is generally a slightly better proposition provided the rate of inflation is set at an appropriate level. Bitcoin is a great idea, but there are major kinks that still have to be worked out.
@_date: 2013-11-18 20:46:57
Maybe they aren't the evil conspiratorial cynics you imagine, but actually legitimately believe the present system best promotes human welfare, but are open to a new system that does so even better! I know it sounds crazy because it assumes that they are human beings like you and me, but hard as it is to believe *they might not be shapeshifting lizard aliens bent on world domination*.
@_date: 2013-11-27 21:23:21
The counter-argument would be that all that investment went towards creating real things. Investment in a company adds value to the economy because it assists the company in adding new goods and services to the economy that did not exist before. No money invested in Bitcoin is creating anything. It is just a transfer from one form of currency to another, like moving from dollars to Euros or Euros to Gold. It adds nothing of value to the economy as a whole. It could be said to make for a more liquid money supply, so it lowers friction, but that value in small on the scale of the economy and distributed across all users. 
Whether or not that means it is a Ponzi scheme remains to be seen. I think many critics dismiss Bitcoin a bit too casually, and don't want to acknowledge its strengths, just as many Bitcoin users don't want to acknowledge its weaknesses. I just wish people would accept that it is *new* and not well understood, and no one really knows what will happen *because it is fundamentally different*. Hell, the people that created it said as much, and they were smart enough to make it in the first place. 
@_date: 2013-12-09 03:26:36
Did I ask about the financial viability of gambling in my post somewhere? 
@_date: 2013-11-19 10:14:22


To be clear, I think gold *was* good money, I don't think it is anymore. But obviously the markets don't agree with me. My problem is I have never really understood why gold in a fiat world should retain anything other than its pure utilitarian value as a commodity.
And while I have not read Carl Menger, I have read other books explaining currency and money, none of which have adequately explained to me why a thing like Bitcoin would work as a currency. In the case of gold, what underpinned *everything* was the fact that people found gold desirable to possess in its own right. Everything about gold as a currency was built upon that. I do not see any reason to want to possess a Bitcoin for its own sake, which makes it hard to understand what its foundation is as a currency. indeed, its greatest value is not in possessing it, but rather in transacting with it. I am simply not able to wrap my mind around why people should have faith in its value as a thing on that basis. 
In regards to what I think is good money, I think good money is a thing backed by an institution which has the power and incentive to enforce it as accepted legal tender, and which backs its valuation through its actions, and which further is underpinned by the collective assets and productivity of an entire nation. That's a pretty solid foundation for a currency, subject of course to the quality of the government to fulfill that mission. This is naturally the potential *weakness* of fiat currency, which is why I remain intrigued by Bitcoin as an idea. I just don't feel like I truly understand how Bitcoin is supposed to work as a currency *system* even though I understand the idea of Bitcoin as a utilitarian transaction tool. 
That said, if Bitcoin does become actual legally recognized tender, which obviously this weeks news brings a lot closer to being the case, then I think it starts to have some legs because it *will* be able to become asset backed, as lenders will be able to have all debt backed by recoverable assets. 
@_date: 2013-10-27 22:54:14
Even using the monetary definition, the definition is about the increase in money supply. Mere printing does not, by itself, increase money supply. Rather, it is part of an overall macroeconomic phenomena. Indeed there is a formula for this very phenomena, MV = PT (money supply times velocity equals price times transactions). The important consideration is whether demand for money corresponds to the increase in printed currency. If it does, there is no inflation. Ergo, inflation is *not* the act of printing money, even under the Austrian school.
@_date: 2013-10-25 01:19:03
I'm not meaning to raise any legal questions. The legal issues would be incredibly complicated to deal with (though it is something I hope to learn well enough by next year at law school to explore if there are any possible legal options), but setting that aside, I am wondering as a purely practical financial matter if people would be willing to take out such loans despite the volatility and risk implicit in such a loan.
@_date: 2013-11-27 03:23:47


The problem is as much what happens when you have a market crash as it is about how the market gets started. In the case of the price of gold, there will be a clear bottoming out in the event of a crash because if nothing else, gold has a baseline utility. With Bicoin, that is not the case, so it is possible a crash could wipe out both its value and its utility. That is my concern. 
Here is a key point made about Misesian regression:


So, what happens when people's expectations about the future value of Bitcoin are suddenly and violently violated, for example by market saturation and a subsequent mass sell-off? Note this is extremely unlikely to happen with a fiat currency under controlled inflation when all foreign debts are denominated in that currency (indeed, there are no examples of this happening outside of war, change of government or massive disaster). This *could* conceivably happen with Bitcoin. So what will currency holders do in that situation? I am concerned they might panic sell in an attempt to realize their expected future value in present terms before the market runs away from them, and the system will collapse in on itself.   
@_date: 2013-11-26 13:51:55
There are already all sorts of ways to internalize externalities, which is essentially the problem you are alluding to. We have court systems and administrative agencies that address them directly. There are also clever schemes to regulate resource depletion, such as with the issuing of medallions for access to fisheries in Australia incentivizing responsible management. It is unclear to me how this would be an improvement over existing systems. It sounds like an accounting nightmare that has many of the same problems as the notorious 5 year plan. 
@_date: 2013-12-21 16:04:20
Cut and dry has nothing at all to do with it. The point of the criminal law, and the reason we use it in certain cases rather than simply leaving everything to civil law, is because society and the state has such a strong interest in deterring certain behavior that we resort to criminal penalties. 


First off, it's actually pretty rare that jaywalking is actually illegal. In the majority of cases, it *is* legal, you simply have to give vehicles the right of way. Further, the penalty at most rises to the level of misdemeanor. 
That being said, would they know? Probably not. Do I care? No. They willfully engaged in an illegal act. Their knowledge of the law is immaterial. 


Is there some compelling reason I should take this ridiculous slipper slope argument seriously?


Why are you obsessing over "knowing better?" As I have stated, knowing is irrelevant. It is about the state's interest in deterring certain behaviors. In this particular case, the question is "Why is the state seeking to punish this particular behavior, and is such punishment appropriate?" The question is not "how can we know better?"
Here is the bottom line: If ignorance of the law were an excuse, we would all suddenly have an interest in knowing as little of the law as humanly possible. The less we know, the less we are subject to criminal sanctions. Ridiculous, perverse incentive. Even if we did know, we could still lie and claim we didn't in cases where we were being prosecuted. Since the burden of proof would be on the prosecution, they would have to *prove* that we knew a particular law. That's an absurd legal standard. The end result of this idiotic system is that we could rarely, if ever convict actual criminals that engaged in actual criminal conduct. You are seeking to correct your problem in entirely the wrong way. It quite obviously makes not the slightest bit of sense. 
@_date: 2013-11-26 13:49:20
Depends on the working definition being used. It is money without intrinsic value, so in that respect it could be considered fiat. This is the less common definition, as fiat generally implies some sort of government mandate, but it is a usage. 
Either way, it shares a key relationship with fiat money, which is that it is money (well, it *aspires* to be money anyway) not backed by a physical commodity. It might be more accurate to say it is a distinct form of money, but it does have that commonality. Indeed it is one of the things I find most concerning about Bitcoin as a form of money, so I think it is a legitimate point of consideration.
@_date: 2013-11-20 22:10:04


As I mentioned, it really boils down to the future value utility of the thing bought exceeding its cost in future value of bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-09-01 05:57:35
Whatever he said was so mindblowing, it created a time paradox causing him to no longer exist.
@_date: 2013-10-27 21:44:24


There is no fallacy in picking a group and then comparing things within that group to establish things *about that group*, especially if making comparisons with things outside that group is not especially germane, as in this case where modern economies (meaning ones with modern reserve central banking) operated on totally different macroeconomic principles, making comparisons fraught with problems. And of course you ignored the more salient point concerning war, I guess because that doesn't fit neatly into *your* narrative.


Seriously? That's your argument? Offering a hypothetical as "proof?" Since you are so casually throwing around fallacies in place of actual argument, allow me to offer an observation of my own. You are making a classic slippery slope argument, claiming that the existence of inflationary policy *inevitably* leads to hyperinflation, without you showing an inevitable causal chain. Indeed that is the whole point of my statement. There is no such evidence concerning the transition from regular inflation to hyperinflation **absent certain necessary causes like war or foreign denominated debt**. Now you could argue that foreign denominated debt, regime change and war are merely *sufficient* to cause hyperinflation, but not *necessary*, but you would have to point to some record of that actually happening. To the best of my knowledge, it never has. As I said to begin with, it doesn't mean it *can't*, but it should lead to a certain skepticism of those claiming that it is inevitable. 
@_date: 2013-08-30 06:30:08
It's honestly not really ironic, since it is exactly in line with your stated observations. Depressing, maybe, but not ironic.
@_date: 2013-11-09 09:22:35
Everyone likes a winner that gloats! Seriously guys, enough with the I-told-you-so stuff. Humility will do more for the community than this current peak price, *especially* if the price crashes again. Besides, the whole saga is far from over. For all we know, exuberant Bitcoiners could be the ones being laughed at in another 10 years. Hubris has been the fall of many a man. It's fine to be optimistic and to hope for the best, but acting like cocky know-it-alls isn't really helpful. 
@_date: 2013-06-10 00:01:21
Aside from institutional investors, who really buys $500,000 worth of physical gold at one time? 
@_date: 2013-11-19 07:59:31
Don't remind me. It really hurts me when I think about how much money my brother and I lost by selling our collection. 
@_date: 2013-07-04 10:43:22


And collective enforcement costs are likely lower *and* fairer than fragmented private enforcement for reasons I already explained, especially when you factor in the free rider problem.


Let me break it down in the simplest terms. First, regulatory capture is not a serious issue here because there is no regulatory agency of any significance, nor any private entity of any significance that presents a serious threat. Municipal disposal is not pollution regulation.
Second, even supposing a major issue like pollution with regulatory capture, it is critical to realize that this issue is not resolved by privatizing the problem. First, you don't even have an agency creating regulations to begin with, leaving you with a tort law that even the great Richard Epstein, who I was lucky enough to have as my torts professor, recognizes is incapable of dealing with the problem (I would link to one of his articles on the subject, but I can't find any online at the moment). Second, any private alternative is just as, if not *more* subject to capture.


Wrong. The public sector can imprison people. This is the whole reason we grant a monopoly on force to the state when it comes to domestic matters. Society decides that some actions should be absolutely prohibited. An anarchic market system cannot absolutely prohibit an act. At best you can punish a person by depriving them of all their property through a court system. What about the person that has nothing to confiscate? Well, the state has an answer for that. For certain acts, that person is sent to prison as a punishment. This disincentivizes certain criminal behavior. The poor anarchist has no such disincentive. We are left to hope they are socially conscious. That isn't a great thing to have to rely on.


Private law adheres *very* closely to public law. Private arbitration almost always opts for using existing case law to make decisions. The main reason private actors opt for arbitration is because it is, or rather *was* cheaper than going through the court system, partly because of all the procedural hoops that exist in the state and federal courts, and partly because the parties have some more control over what information gets out. Private arbitrators generally use existing case law because existing case law is surprisingly sensible. So, when I equivocate the two, it is because the two are largely equivalent in actual practice. If anything is preposterous, it is you claiming that this comparison is preposterous.


I'm not sure what claim you are referring to. Bargain with who? Not the people filing the class action. If you mean bargaining with arbitrators? Well yes. Because the cost of having favorable laws or decisions is *lower* than the cost of paying for the harm caused by the pollution. If it wasn't lower, they would bargain directly with the harmed party. Thus bargaining does *not* work because the externality problem is *not* solved. The harm is still being committed with the harmed parties uncompensated, and the payoff likely being lower than the cost of the harm. That is corruption, not a solution. 


Unless of course you sign a contract with your local utility when you sign up to receive power.


That only works if the parties in this scenario have similar bargaining positions and similar value as clients. As soon as you have a vast gulf between the parties, such as the contract value of a middle class individual against the contract value of a multi-billion dollar corporation, the arbitrator's interest in the individual would in no way be comparable. Even supposing the individual uses an intermediary that the individual hires, you now have several problems. The first problem is that individuals, even collectively, will end up with a lower quality of representation if for no other reason than *because* they have to bargain collectively rather than as very powerful individual actors with individual sway. Second, corporations with shared interests can organize collectively too, and put pressure on independent agencies to not allow representatives from certain firms or to reshape the law in their favor at the risk of losing *their* contract. Basically, the people with the money will have every opportunity to shape the operation of the legal system. This problem exists every time you compare the bargaining power of corporations competing with collectives. If individuals in an agency are subject to capture, there is no reason to suppose that same capture cannot happen at any private company too. Reputation is important, but income is important too. Need evidence? Look at what happened with all the ratings agencies (and LIBOR for that matter). In your theoretical model, their interest in their reputation should have prevented capture, and the collective market power of the "little guy" should have kept them interested in being honest in order to retain their business. Didn't happen. Their interest in winning over the big guys by rating them well simply dwarfed any other concern. Yet everyone treated them as honest for all the reasons you claim this new system would keep the parties honest. It didn't work. And guess who people *still* use, even after what should have seemingly been a devestating hit to their reputation? Moody's et. al. The market hasn't corrected anything because the market is dominated by a few major players. There is no reason to suppose this would be substantially different with full private arbitration. Private industry can be captured just like public administrators. In the end, the entire legal system will become another front of negotiation, and in negotiations the one with all the cards will be able to extract the most from any bargain. Legal systems are supposed to be *fair*, if we wanted to negotiate, the issue would be settled before ever reaching a court. 
@_date: 2013-09-01 22:22:55
You do realize that people typically hold on to bonds until they mature, right? Precisely because they don't want to spend them before their value builds. 
@_date: 2013-11-20 19:54:43


Price is always moving for the dollar too, but people still save. What makes it acceptable is that the price shift is slow enough that it only creates a minor incentive effect for anyone other than large investors. 


People will hoard only where the value of saving the Bitcoin exceeds the value of spending it. If Bitcoin is deflating, so will the prices of real goods. Goods will still have utility, that utility can still exceed the value of the deflating currency. And of course people would still need to buy certain necessities no matter what monetary regime you are in. Historically, it is clear that people do save *more* in a deflationary regime, but it is not as if people stop spending all together, or only hoard. That is simply contrary to actual history. The only time it becomes a severe problem is in a deflationary spiral, as I mentioned. 


Of course. It is still a new, developing currency. Trading volumes are very high relative to the overall market cap, so this necessarily means wild fluctuations. Until the market cap is huge enough to smooth out the actions of individual traders, this will be a problem. Right now speculators are driving a lot of price. If Bitcoin becomes widely adopted. the role of currency speculators will be radically diminished, partly because future growth in users will be leveling off. Right now, speculators are anticipating that Bitcoin is far below its market cap, and thus far below its true price. If Bitcoin reaches to levels of a trillion dollar market cap, that should make speculative investment far less attractive, because there simply isn't as much room to grow. Of course, all this is precicated on an assumption that Bitcoin will become widely adopted, and such speculative investors might be wrong, but if the assumption is correct, the present volatility has limited bearing on Bitcoin's future performance as a currency.


People took out loans even during the days of the gold standard. In a deflationary regime, loans will have lower interest rates than in an inflationary environment, and the calculus of a loan will change a little bit. Simply put, the reason to take a loan will be if you believe the asset you gain is going to have a higher ROI than simply holding on to currency. Arguably, this discourages bad investments and bad debt. I think that this will hurt economic growth however, as the overall number of loans being issued will drop considerably, and it will be hard for middle class families to leverage loans into tangible, appreciating assets. I do think this is a problem, but I'm unsure how big of one it would be. We have to go a long ways back to compare numbers,and we can't directly compare, say, 1920's America with present day America and treat the two as exactly comparable except for the gold standard. Obviously there is a lot of other stuff going on that may explain rates of house buying that may have nothing to do with the nature of the currency at all.
@_date: 2013-12-13 04:42:44
Legit micronations that I have heard of have actual legal standing of some sort, like Sealand, which was eventually recognized by courts in the U.K. as being outside national jurisdiction. This just seems like a guy that claims he *should* have recognition, but probably will never get it. I know in the U.S. that his claim wouldn't hold up in court.  
@_date: 2013-12-28 18:58:16


Finally, something we can agree on.
@_date: 2013-10-25 01:55:00


Not necessarily. The risk of deflation can be built in to the interest rate assuming low volatility. Obviously right now volatility is a major issue, but people did give out loans under the gold standard, and even with credit denominated in gold, so clearly it isn't straight up impossible. It seems at least partly to be a technical hurdle. 
@_date: 2013-11-07 01:45:33
Not as a percentage of GDP, which is the relevant metric. Also, we haven't missed a debt payment yet, and as is clear from the going rate of treasuries, people that measure this risk for a living clearly don't think we are at any risk of defaulting any time soon. It is a lot of debt, but far from insurmountable. [We've overcome worse debt already once before in U.S. history](
@_date: 2013-12-03 22:23:15
But'ah we ain't'ah gott'ah no Roma on our harddrives!
@_date: 2013-06-05 04:07:59
I agree with that assessment, but that was why I specified "assuming widespread adoption." If Bitcoin is just a currency for hobbyists, I don't think very many of these things would be a serious concern. The discussion, or at least my contribution to it, was sort of premised on the assumption that the currency does become widely adopted. 
@_date: 2013-12-04 10:56:32
As with most markets, doesn't present price also reflect expectations about future liquidity? In other words, if there was knowledge that huge amounts of bitcoins that were expected to enter the market were *known with certainty* to be taken out of circulation, shouldn't that drive prices higher to reflect new knowledge of scarcity?
@_date: 2013-12-14 10:45:42
I would like to think this isn't how the average Bitcoin user sees themselves. 
@_date: 2013-10-05 03:56:59
Unless you are a Canadian lawyer, or have an unusual knowledge of Canadian law, I expect you cannot claim that ordering drugs from overseas is always legal.
There is a canadian [Food and Drug Act (FDA)](  According to the act, any imported drugs are subject to the regulations in the FDA and FDR.
Specifically, [section A.01.040 of the Food and Drug Regulations CRC, c. 870]( states:


Further, the act of importation may, itself, violate the law if the seller did not first comply with Canadian drug labeling requirements. *See* [CRC, c. 870 A.01.044.2](














Now, I'm not trained in *Canadian* law, only U.S. law (though the two are not actually wildly different in terms of the mechanics, and indeed have quite a bit in common), but it seems to me that a straight forward reading of the statute would indicate that it is perfectly possible that the importing of the drugs did, in fact, violate the law (though there is some wiggle room here for a few arguments). I do not have sufficient knowledge of the facts of the case to say it *was* illegal with certainty, but the facts as we know them seem enough to indicate that the importation *may* have violated the law. Further, there could be a whole range of other statutory provisions that might apply here, from statutorily mandated manufacturing practice compliance, to licensing requirements for importers, to more arcane requirements for the provision of samples, and so on and so forth. So, unless you are an actual Canadian lawyer that can give a fuller reading of the law, your conclusion seems unwarranted and even a bit presumptuous.


I'm afraid your personal opinions about what the government should and should not care about do not hold much water in a court of law, certainly not as compared to actual statutes and regulations. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 00:46:36
Even in Austrian economic theories about money, it is not necessarily the case that this is so. 
In this case, what happened was effectively that the banks had their fractional reserve systems shored up by the government, with new rules put in place to prevent the excesses that had happened before. It does not follow that this will naturally lead to an inflation in consumer prices, because the money is effectively *never* going to be put into circulation, it is mostly about shifting the ratios of money allocation in the whole system to produce a more stable overall system. The end result of QE isn't more money in existence. It is more money being held in reserve so that banks are less vulnerable to sudden market shifts. 
@_date: 2013-12-24 20:32:32


*Sigh*. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 08:50:57
Do you see though how, if this is the case, that then Bitcoin is really a commodity or a service, not a currency? Doesn't that radically change how we should think about it?
@_date: 2013-12-09 00:50:39
Adverse Possession has to be approved by the court system for you to claim legal ownership of the land. You can't adversely possess land just by saying you have done so. 
@_date: 2013-06-09 21:31:41
Buying physical gold in the US is not difficult unless you are talking very large quantities. I personally owned about 12 physical ounces of gold that I kept in my house for a couple years just a few years back. All I had to do was walk in to a shop and pay cash for some certified gold coins. Sold it later to the same guy for a tidy profit. 
@_date: 2013-11-26 04:42:03
I hope that people's pricing of Bitcoin is more accurate than your reading comprehension.
@_date: 2013-11-19 09:24:38
That's because cigarettes have utility in their own right.
@_date: 2013-12-21 02:31:25
Are you proposing that ignorance of the law *should* be an excuse?
@_date: 2013-11-28 01:50:16
However, Buckner was his fort. 
@_date: 2013-10-27 21:59:37
In case you were wondering, here is a list of hyperinflation in modern economies and what the underlying causes were.
Notice how they all involved war, foreign denominated debt, regime change or some combination thereof. That's the historical evidence. At this point I'm not even really arguing with you, because I suspect no amount of information will change your mind, so much as informing people on this forum. 
@_date: 2013-05-20 18:55:59
I guess that makes everyone that invested in Apple in 1997 or [Enron in 1989 up until 2001 hit]( an "economist." Pat yourself on the back long enough and maybe you'll become a bodybuilder too.
@_date: 2013-12-20 01:33:56
Exactly. Simply buffing up reserves does *not* result in an increase in the velocity of money, it just stabilizes the balance sheet of banks. So it should not cause consumer inflation. This is what QE really is about. 
@_date: 2013-06-05 07:39:19
And I tip my hat to you sir.
@_date: 2013-06-05 04:01:34
Unfortunately, an anecdote does not make for a macroeconomic trend. While it is good that you are doing those things, it is hard to say that your story would be representative of general behavior. Based on what we do know, it probably will not be.
@_date: 2013-05-03 11:17:13
I don't think the hurdles are that significant. purposeful availment,  stream of commerce, etc. Pick your civil procedure.  The most relevant procedural case is probably Pebble Beach (this isn't enough like Goodyear or McIntyre imo), and i am fairly certain this passes the test set up in that case. The biggest issue odd probably whether the contract contains an arbitration provision or requires suits to be settled in a particular forum. Of course, contractually, both parties would likely prefer the us court system ex ante, so if there is such a provision, it most likely directs them to US courts. Makes me wonder who Mtgox retained as counsel when making the contract. Certainly Mtgox will try and pull every procedural trick out of their bag of tricks to delay and win through war of attrition, but they will be dealing with the war chest of a well funded firm. I imagine, as with most of these types of cases, that things will be settled out of court barring personal obstinacyy one of the parties.
@_date: 2013-11-18 20:54:26


I don't know where you came up with that idea, but that is wrong. We allow monopolies in cases where a monopoly provides positive value and/or there is no incentive to compete, usually because of fixed costs providing a high barrier to entry, such as with utilities.
@_date: 2013-12-13 15:04:07
Well, like I said I'm no Japanese legal expert so I can't discount the possibility that you are correct, but I remain skeptical without seeing an actual Japanese civil code or court case that supports your claim regarding the burden of proof. So far you keep saying this, but you haven't managed to provide any direct evidence supporting the claim, and since the claim is so extraordinary from my perspective, I am not willing to believe it without direct evidence. A link describing the Kamakura bakufu isn't going to cut it (incidentally, I studied a lot of Japanese history in undergrad, so I am surprisingly familiar with this period!). For one thing, while *some*  of the law from the Shogunates undoubtedly carried over to modern times, Japan is now a civil law country based very heavily on the German civil code, so the legal system of the Kamakura bakufu probably informs modern Japanese law about as much as the feudal English system informs modern American jurisprudence. Actually, probably quite a bit *less* if I had to guess, since Civil Codes are generally based off the Napoleonic Codes, which were a complete reform of the legal system that rejected many long standing legal norms, whereas American jurisprudence at least part of a contiguous common law system with its genesis in Medieval English law.   
So, unless you are actually a Japanese attorney with expertise and a professional responsibility that will give me reason to trust your command of the law, or can point me in the direction of a document actually outlining how acquisitive prescription works in Japan as opposed to entirely unrelated links about periods of Japanese history, I remain skeptical. If you are *right*, well, we should consider buying a couple plane tickets to Japan to do a little aggressive real estate acquisition, because that is nuts. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 09:58:05


How do you mean?
@_date: 2013-11-07 16:51:55
All I will say is that if you are among the many people that think Bitcoin is rationally priced, surely you must also concede that U.S. treasuries are rationally priced. Given that thirty year treasuries have a yield of a mere 3.69%, and given that treasuries have been bought up like hotcakes, that would suggest then that people in the know think the risk of default within the next 30 years is, effectively, zero.
@_date: 2013-12-21 02:42:43
No, nor do I think that is necessary to hold a person responsible for their acts. If an act is immoral or socially undesirable, it does not really matter whether a person knows that the act is *illegal*. It only matters that they intend to do the act which is a wrong. I would not excuse someone for murder merely because they did not know there is a law prohibiting murder. I do not care about their command of the law. Killing people is undesirable as a general rule. We should seek to prohibit it regardless of anyone's knowledge of its legality. The same goes for pretty much any law. Knowledge of the law is almost entirely irrelevant to the matter of moral culpability. 
@_date: 2013-10-25 01:21:25
If the exchange rate was built in to the contract, there would be almost no reason for someone to lend in Bitcoins. You might as well just lend in dollars at that point.
@_date: 2013-11-18 20:44:48
Ah the old false dilemma fallacy. It is a refreshing change of pace.
@_date: 2013-10-03 12:55:41
There were definitely guns for sale on the Armory, which was a sister site to SR. I can't confirm the part about child pornography or "hits," however, as this information is second hand, so perhaps DPR was very good at enforcing that ban. That is just not what I had heard would happen in actual practice.
@_date: 2013-11-13 08:15:34
I think the real argument is that large numbers of people are investing in Bitcoin without any real understanding of its utility, which may mean that market pricing is detached from the real value of the currency. In that way, it could be like a bubble. That is generally how bubbles are created. People invest in things simply because they believe they will go up in value, and may even have some generalized sense of *why* the thing is valuable, but they have no ability to fairly measure the present *utility* of the good in relationship to its market price. 
So, for example and investor buys a house because they know houses are valuable, but they don't really know how many houses are on the market, or how well financed people actually buying houses are, or what is happening with asset backed securities, or really anything to do with the overall housing market. They just know houses are going up in value, and they have a basic understanding of why houses are valuable, so they buy. Not because they see the house as having $500,000 of value *to them*, but because they believe that the house will have $600,000 of value to some hypothetical buyer in a year, although they couldn't exactly tell you with any precision *why*. 
Bitcoin is new, so in some sense any purchase is inherently based on a certain amount of speculation. That's normal. That's fine. What is concerning is when you get a flood of people who don't *really* understand what Bitcoin is and why it is valuable *and how that value should relate to its actual market price* who are now snapping up Bitcoins. Now, one possibility is that Bitcoins were simply severely undervalued to begin with. But another possibility is that Bitcoin market pricing was a fairly accurate representation of its actual market utility up until about a month ago when it began to get a lot of media attention again, attracting a lot of new buyers. Bitcoin is a bit different than other types of commodities, so it can't be compared as a perfect analogy, but this fact shouldn't actually be considered a strong defense of Bitcoins future. It simply means there is more uncertainty about Bitcoin because we have far less information about its market performance as a good. This makes accurate valuation more difficult, which means everything anyone claims about it is a lot more speculative than for other things we are more familiar with. Simply because it is not perfectly analogous to gold or tulips or what have you does not mean it is therefore immune to the same market dynamics as those commodities. But it also might mean it is more resistant to such forces. 
You can make arguments one way or the other all day long, but the fact remains there is a lot of uncertainty, and a lot we do not know, and we have no strong empirical evidence to support any given position because this is in many ways a black swan event. Accurate predictions are therefore going to be exceedingly difficult to make, and you should be at least a little wary of anyone claiming to *know* about something for which we have no past experience to draw from. My take is one of cautious optimism. I believe there is potential for Bitcoin to succeed, but I also think there are enough unanswered questions and valid criticisms to make me cautious about overinvestment. Consequently, I treat bitcoin as a high risk high yield investment. To do anything else is, in my view, a bit foolhardy. If you bet the farm, you may well win yourself a kingdom. But you might also lose your farm. For anyone getting a bit too excited about Bitcoin, I think they should take a moment to soberly consider the risk they are really taking.
@_date: 2013-12-13 05:07:26
Are you sure? I mean, I am only schooled in U.S. law, not Japanese law, but typically adverse possession requires that the adverse possessor actually bring a claim to gain title to the land. I struggle to see how the opposite would work since all documentation would support the claim of the original owner. Typically, [the party making the claim as an adverse possessor has the burden of proof]( which of course makes total sense. Otherwise, I could simply go anywhere, say the land was mine, and then force the rightful owner to prove in court that in fact they owned the land and I had *not* been occupying it openly and obviously and so on. In short, it forces them to prove a negative, which is a ridiculous legal standard, and something that generally only occurs in a burden shifting framework. 
Of course I don't know Japanese law, so I am prepared for the possibility that I am wrong, but given how absurd that would be as a standard, I would need more than just your assertion to convince me this is the case, as it goes against what I learned in my Property classes from law school. 
@_date: 2013-11-23 23:42:22
At Walmart?
@_date: 2013-07-02 05:27:09


Transaction costs are [the costs of *any* transaction or economic exchange]( which includes agreeing upon a price for the disposal of garbage as well as policing illegal dumping. Dumping avoids that transaction cost entirely because economic exchange is avoided. The problem here is that the actor does not have to choose between services. The can simply opt not to pay for a service by foisting the cost of cleanup upon an unwilling party. Indeed they are given a financial incentive to do so. Property rights are not a solution for the reasons I already outlined, namely the high cost of enforcement for private actors with no equivalent benefit. 


Of course, with garbage cleanup, the costs of collective action are lower, plus, just as importantly, collective enforcement is a great deal cheaper. That's what [externality theory]( says, which is of course a theory that is much more applicable to this problem than the broader issue of public choice theory. Of course government has an associated cost, but in the case of many problems, the costs of government intervention are lower than private action (or inaction as the case often is). In the case of something like garbage collection, admittidely the free market will do a *better* job of solving this problem than it does at something like pollution, because the harm is not necessarily diffuse (a single land owner may be harmed disproportionately for example), but it is still highly problematic. Government (or, if you prefer, the taxpayer) in this case is the [least-cost avoider]( too. Their generalized enforcement will come at lower cost than for private actors, *especially* if certain private actors are disproportionately burdened. It makes little sense for example to saddle the entire cost of enforcement upon a single large landowner whose land is the primary site of dumping when he has commited no wrong. Rather, the cost is more fairly distributed to society as a whole for two reasons. One, because we should all share the costs of risk-avoidance equally since no party is especially responsible aside from the dumper, and two because narrow enforcement by private actors will merely displace the problem rather than solve it. Universal enforcement is necessary, efficient and fair. 


Only if the costs of government action are comparable to private action. They are not. This is *exactly* the discrepancy externality theory is addressing. The transaction costs for organizing private action are higher than for public action in the case of most externalities. This is exactly why we have government agencies controlling pollution regulation, and it is exactly why government agencies were *dramatically* more successful at curbing pollution externalities than the free market. The claim that the reason the courts didn't handle the problem was because they were run by the state is preposterous. First, the legal rules were perfectly capable of resolving the problem. People simply didn't sue because it made no rational sense to do so (why so when your personal harm is $1, especially when you have the burden of proof, when the cost of bringing suit is in the thousands of dollars? Not to mention why would a harmed party bring suit against an insolvent party in the case of dumpers that are almost certainly assetless?).  The problem of diffuse harms is in no way solved by privatizing court systems. That's a neat claim to make, but you can't back it up with any argument.


Explain to me how a class action solves the problem of an insolvent individual actor that engages in dumping. 


And class actions are well known to be highly ineffective in the case of pollution. The problem of proof is extremely difficult to overcome, and assuming you know about tort law, comparative negligence is a remarkably tricky subject for all the parties. Further, the action of organizing a class action *can* be prohibitively expensive, and ironically has been radically diluted by the power of contract with the rise of arbitration and class action waivers in virtually every form contract you sign. Again, privatizing does nothing to solve this problem. If anything, it is likely to exacerbate it since the holders of the purse have every incentive to pressure private arbitrators craft the law in a way that empowers corporate interests when formulating contract law. If public dispute resolution is subject to capture, one can only imagine what happens in the case of private actors whose paycheck is the direct product of corporate financing. When all corporations have a shared interest, and 90%+ of dispute resolution is financed by corporate interests, you can't reasonably expect a body of law to develop that favors the little guy. 


Yet actual history has shown otherwise. You can shout rhetoric all day long, but you can't argue with the fact that government action is the *only* thing that demonstrably improved the quality of air, river and lake pollution, sometimes with change happening literally overnight as in the case with Chicago's pollution controls in the 50's. It is nothing but denial of reality to claim that government is inefficient. Government is the only force that has been shown to work. I would love for you to point me to a society that has managed pollution issues any other way. At best you can point to HOA neighborhoods, but whenever you examine those cases, you find that you have two problems. First, that HOA's often take advantage of government services they don't pay for, essentially acting as group holdouts while receiving fringe benefits from neighboring communities with things like policing, or they foist the costs of their actions upon other neighboring communities, merely displacing problems like crime by having highly unequal enforcement. In other words, you create a zero-sum game that benefits wealthy communities at the expense of poorer ones. Polluting factories will simply move from wealthy neighborhoods to poorer ones that lack the capacity to fully organize. Crime will migrate to areas that cannot afford enforcement. Garbage will be dumped in areas where poor landowners have no serious recourse. This problem will exist no matter what to some degree, but it is dramatically exacerbated in the absence of uniform state enforcement. This is exactly what was happening in the US for over a hundred years until administrative agencies began dealing with these types of problems. The free market failed, as one would expect when the incentives of rational actors aligned in such a terrible way. Government wasn't a perfect solution, but it was orders of magnitude *better*. To claim otherwise is just ahistorical rhetoric with no supporting evidence.
@_date: 2013-11-21 06:38:40
Plus, many people were able to recover at least a small portion of what they had lost, although that is hardly much consolation.
@_date: 2013-05-07 19:17:50
The thing that frustrates me most is that I think Bitcoin is a very interesting idea with a lot of potential, but I *also* think it has some very serious problems that are not being adequately addressed because there is so much fanaticism surrounding the "movement," making honest discussion exceedingly difficult. Most people don't seem to want to honestly acknowledge the deflationary problems of Bitcoin for example, even though this is exactly why gold was a huge problem as the basis of our money supply, and even though this problem could actually be easily remedied without any need for centralization. People are real attached to their ideologies it seems.
@_date: 2013-11-27 01:39:50
Are you in the running for world's most obnoxious pedant or something? I mean seriously, what exactly are you trying to accomplish here? 
@_date: 2013-11-19 10:38:15
OK, that makes sense, although that is a little hard to square with the radical fluctuations in price. On the other hand, there is a lot of missing information right now, so I suppose you could argue the market is still really trying to find its footing. However, in theory, at some point as a currency it needs to be able to function independently, and that means it has to become legally recognized tender so that debts that are defaulted can be recovered through the seizure of assets and so forth, would you agree?
@_date: 2013-11-19 08:49:38
How do you think Bitcoin transitions from a commodity to an asset backed currency that operates within the banking system? 
Is there a practical way to stop frequent market panics and deflationary feedback loops without a central bank?


I know it is not perfectly safe. My view on Bitcoin as an investment is a bit different from my view on it as "the future." I am mostly wondering about how a world run on Bitcoin, or at least with substantial numbers of daily Bitcoin transactions, would actually work and why it would work. I think it has potential to work, I would just really like to understand it systemically.
@_date: 2013-11-19 09:57:38
It facilitates the consistent comparison of different goods and services. This is how it acts as a medium of exchange. This is, effectively, a form of measurement, it is just a measurement that is collectively derived rather than statically assigned. The dollar is not the value in itself. The dollar is worth nothing. The dollar is the way for us to *compare* values between things. Thus, it facilitates *subjective* measurement of value by giving us a single point of reference. 
@_date: 2013-12-21 23:46:02
I think Snowden wins because of his incredible healing rate and adamantium claws. 
@_date: 2013-10-27 22:16:31


I know, but it helps to illustrate the point to people that don't really get the finer points of macroeconomics. 


Yup. Which is why so many economists were upset about what they perceived as insufficient stimulus spending by the government in the post crash environment.
@_date: 2013-11-18 20:49:09
Yes, because everything that happens in the world revolves around Bitcoin in some way! Or, you know, maybe people just form independent judgments as rational people, and maybe many of these people are just people trying to do the best that they can based on what they know of the world. Hard to believe, I know.
@_date: 2013-11-07 02:49:37
You are correct. I misspoke. I was confusing the Full Faith and Credit clause with [section 4 of the 14th Amendment](
 
@_date: 2013-12-04 09:56:06
Willing to explain?
@_date: 2013-11-15 23:37:57
Correct me if I am wrong, but one of the pros of Bitcoin constantly promoted by this community is the ease by which people can transfer funds of any amount, pseudo-anymously anywhere in the world without any institutional intermediary. That same advantage would apply just as readily to criminal transactions. Indeed, you can see why those advantages would be *especially* attractive to criminal enterprises. 
@_date: 2013-06-05 02:48:21
Well, that depends on your personal views. Perhaps economic growth isn't always a good thing. It certainly has environmental consequences, though some argue that stagnant economies are far worse. On the other hand, it has done more than anything to lift people out of poverty. Pick you poison I guess.
@_date: 2013-12-16 03:03:11
But... isn't that an absolute?
@_date: 2013-10-27 22:33:58
How does anything you just said make anything about what I said bunk? In fact, it is entirely consistent with what I have said. Indeed, as you should see if you continue reading the comment train, Zimbabwe's hyperinflation is one of the things I specifically discuss.
@_date: 2013-12-25 19:45:29


Seeing as how I never said anything about that, I have to wonder if it is the comment that is stupid. 
@_date: 2013-11-09 09:30:01
Huh. Just had some friends move from Portland to Asheville. 
@_date: 2013-04-19 02:45:45
Well, the Full Faith and Credit clause is highly relevant because it gives legal force to debts, credits and legal sanctions. Thus, unlike with bitcoin, the law can enforce judgments against you and both private and public parties can collect your property in the event of non-payment. With bitcoin, none of your transactions are backed by law, so if someone cheats you, you are almost certainly shit out of luck. IMO, this will be a hugely limiting factor on how widely bitcoin is adopted, especially when combined with the built in deflationary aspect.
@_date: 2013-06-16 22:55:40
If you really believe that, I've got a bridge in Brooklyn I'd like to sell you. There is optimism, and then here is just irrational exuberance. There are many ways Bitcoin could crash in value, from a sudden loss of interest to an intervention by the government. We can certainly hope these things don't happen, but to pretend like Bitcoin is entirely risk free is just stupid. Indeed, the more people that honestly believe that, the worse off Bitcoin will be, because an irrational investment bubble will be created. At the end of the day, Bitcoin is meant to be a currency. Excessive speculation (irrational exuberance being a prime driver of excessive speculation) undermines that very function, imperiling the future of Bitcoin. Investing in bitcoin is a risk. Ideally, when you invest, you are making a calculated risk. I hope to god you and other people aren't being so foolish as to invest their life savings in this "fail safe" currency.
@_date: 2013-06-05 02:45:17
It might not be a barrier to adoption, I really don't know one way or the other to be honest, but that wasn't really OP's question.
@_date: 2013-10-16 14:49:23
Ignoring for a moment your completely unfair recharacterization of what mike_hearn said, if you think this is a new phenomena that only emerged in the past ten years, you must be in your early twenties and either ignorant of history or too myopic to care about anything that hasn't happened to you. 
@_date: 2013-06-05 02:32:18
You both assume that the interest rates in the present are set with foreknowledge of *future* rates of deflation, which is of course absurd on anything resembling a long term loan, *and* that the deflation alone does not offset low or even 0% interest rates. Both of those are bad assumptions. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 14:34:57


[The QE buying of treasury notes does not fund the deficit, and is not the printing of money]( That is a myth. Indeed, what the end of QE2 clearly  illustrated is that private demand for treasuries was high enough to make up for the drop in Fed purchasing. What the Fed accomplished was shoring up the banking reserve system by buying bad assets at 100% of their value so that banks were no longer completely overleveraged. Further, in QE2, the Fed swapped treasuries for reserves, further buffing up the banking sector. The key to all this is that almost no money from these transactions turned in to circulating currency because the Fed created a system that induced banks to supplement their reserves dramatically. *All that changed* was the ratios of high powered money and how it was distributed in the system. Low powered money was unaffected. This is precisely why there has been little inflation, contrary to all the doomsday predictions of the Austrians and despite 4 years of QE. In the end, the banks sit on *just as much money* as they had before, it is just in different, more stable forms. They are not using this new money to put more low powered money into circulation because they have every reason to keep it in reserves.
@_date: 2013-12-04 05:50:41
They undermine its utility and the network effect while acting as windfall seeking speculators.
@_date: 2013-10-25 04:26:32
What do you think about asset bubbles leading to deflationary death spirals like in the Great Depression? It is a notable fact of history that Great Britain was one of the first countries to escape the Great Depression because they dropped the gold standard and inflated their money supply to stimulate demand. Honestly this seems to boil down to mass psychology, but we are not entirely rational beings, and there are even rational market problems when you have imperfect information and a mass scale prisoner's dilemma with a deflating currency and a drop off in demand. What, if anything, do you see as a solution to a problem like that?
@_date: 2013-11-26 17:12:48
If you say so man. Enjoy the rest of your day.
@_date: 2013-12-05 08:23:26
What is meant when people use this phrase is really a universally recognized utility in the thing itself. I can use a piece of gold to do useful stuff without any network at all. That is relevant for two reasons. First, it formed part of the basis for adoption as a currency in the first place, and second, it puts a natural ceiling on price. The real question is whether those attributes are just sufficient to make a thing a currency when combined with the other usual attributes (durability, divisibility, etc) or whether they are actually *necessary*. Of course, one can point to fiat currency as an example where no such underpinning element, but fiat currency was also originally asset backed. Further, fiat does suffer from volatility issues under certain limited conditions, the sort of thing central banks were created to manage. 
So, there are at least three possibilities, probably a lot more if we want to be creative. One possibility is that this is going to prove to be a major weakness, perhaps a fatal one, for Bitcoin once new adopters start to level off, potentially spooking speculative investors. Another possibility is that it simply wont matter, and Bitcoin will prove to be the revolution that true believers think. Perhaps a third possibility is just that Bitcoin will end up as a niche financial service of sorts used by a certain demographic with features of a pseudo-currency that make it operative. 
The thing is, no one really knows yet because Bitcoin is truly distinct from anything that has come before, so any prediction is necessarily reliant on strained analogies. It is, and should be recognized as a grand economic experiment. That's great. It's cool to be optimistic about experiments. I just think we should also be realistic about it, and maybe not get overly caught up in the rhetoric and the zealotry (that goes for both sides of the debate). In my opinion, it is exactly what we *don't* know that makes Bitcoin neat and exciting. How many other huge things like that do people get to see in a lifetime? I mean hell, we had the good fortune of seeing the emergence of the internet, and now we see some other potential budding revolution growing right before our eyes. We don't need to get caught up in a false sense of certainty to appreciate that. It's cool enough as it is.
@_date: 2013-10-25 03:21:13
Well, the advantage of instant capital is that I can start getting productive outputs *now* from an investment. With saving, I have to wait *years* to be able to get that same productive output, which results in huge opportunity costs. 
For example, if I can buy a machine that produces 100 widgets a day tomorrow, then by the end of the year I can make 3650 widgets. If I have to save up to buy that same machine for 2 years, then I have effectively lost out on 7300 widgets worth of productivity. Generally speaking those widgets will be worth more than the 2 years worth of interest extra that I have to pay by virtue of taking a loan. This is a huge part of why lending is such a valuable enterprise.
I suppose you might be able to plug that hole by just adding in more capital investment in the form of equity, at least for businesses, but this increases the risk for investors considerably: equity is inherently more volatile due to the variable rates of return. It also increases risks for businesses too: stock holders can influence how a company is run through voting rights (though this can be defrayed through things like preferred stock) and you as a company also have a more variable rate of return. Being able to have the proper mix of debt and equity is an important tool in any businesses' toolbox. 
@_date: 2013-12-06 21:57:35


I do not agree with that. That was the first and primary use of gold, and it was a use that was nearly culturally universal. Gold as jewelry existed long before gold as coinage, suggesting the store of value property had little to do with its initial adoption as such. 
@_date: 2013-05-08 03:10:10
My comment wasn't actually directed at you, though I think the article has many misconceptions. While it was obviously meant to be hyperbole, the "nothing" comment isn't far off. The average engineer or programmer knows about as much about how law works as the average lawyer knows about programming or engineering. Sure they could talk about stuff in rough terms, but as soon as people start to talk about how systems actually work, without the right depth of knowledge on the issue, it just looks as stupid as a layman talking about java compilers and making suggestions about how they should work because of their opinions of politics. 
@_date: 2013-04-19 01:36:15
I just want to clarify that a bitcoin is *not* just like a dollar bill. A dollar bill is backed by the Full Faith and Credit clause of the constitution, and is *legal* tender in the United States. While bitcoin has promise, it is important to recognize that, unlike national currencies, there is no requirement that anyone recognize a bitcoin as legal tender. This means that the only thing keeping bitcoin afloat is the wilfull recognition of a bitcoin as a store of value. 
Further, bitcoins are not currently used in any significant way as a banking currency. This is important because the dollar, for example, is issued by banks in the form of loans. Loans are issued based on assets held by those taking on debts. Therefore, in a real way, every dollar is backed in some distant way by an asset, usually physical. This is not the case with bitcoins. 
Bitcoins are a fairly novel idea, and there is a lot to be said for them, but to treat them as equivalent to a dollar is very misleading. What makes bitcoin interesting is precisely because they are *not* like a dollar, while still sharing some features with a currency. The big question is really whether bitcoin will end up working functionally like a currency *despite* these differences. I make this distinction because I don't want people to go around buying bitcoins thinking they are a safe form of currency that is relatively predictable like a dollar when in fact so far bitcoins are highly volatile, deflationary *and* a new and untested way of storing value. It is, in short, a grand experiment. If you aren't willing to be part of an experiment, with all the risk and excitement that involves, you are better off not involving yourself in bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-10-03 21:47:19
The problem probably isn't money. The problem is 1) finding someone 2) that is capable of executing a plan with a high likelihood of success 3) that you are willing to risk 4) that you can actually trust and have the ability to give resources to without the threat of them reneging and taking your money given the opportunity and 5) staying free once you escape. Doing all five of those things is not so easy, this is why guys like Bernie Madoff and John Gotti do actually stay in prison, even though they have resources. Now, those resources probably make life in jail a lot easier. In the U.S. a huge proportion of prison breaks are actually escapes of opportunity. Very few are executed plans. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 05:45:30
Yeah, this is incredibly significant, in a way some of the more libertarian members on here might not want to admit. It means there is a very good chance that the government will recognize Bitcoin as legal tender. That is an absolutely gigantic step for the future of Bitcoin, as it opens the door to all sorts of new potential uses. The legal hurdle was, in my opinion, the biggest source of risk and the single biggest obstacle that Bitcoin was likely to face. It is beginning to look like that hurdle is about to be cleared. As someone who has remained largely on the skeptical side of the Bitcoin debate, I consider this a major turning point, both for the future of the currency and for my own perspective. Assuming this is a serious signal about the government's position, I am now shifting into the Bitcoin optimist camp. This is one of those occasions where I am very happy to have been wrong.
@_date: 2013-07-04 10:43:28


You are comparing autocratic regimes to the operations of a democratic state with a separation of powers. Further, you are comparing a state that relied on what amounted to a common property ownership system to one in which property is privatized. Surely you are schooled enough to understand how these two systems operate radically differently vis-a-vis resource management. Even so, the US had similar catastrophes of its own before administrative agencies ever got involved with environmental management, from how we managed wolves and buffalo herds to our water management practices in the early years of the Western US and again it is unclear how private markets solve that problem. Things like invasive species have been introduced by free trade far more than they have by government action. The relevant issue here is not whether government is *perfect*. It is not. The question is whether it is better at this specific task.
To fairly evaluate that question, we have to ask the right questions. You are not making the right comparisons because the question isn't "what is the best system to manage resources," in which case your analogies would be very relevant. We are not talking about resource management, which is what free markets are great at dealing with. We are talking about the problem of externalities where no resources are being allocated, but rather harms are being created and costs avoided. If trash or pollution were a valuable commodity, I would not see a particular need to regulate to make sure everyone got the right share of trash, or to prevent the over-exploitation of trash as a common resource. Conversely, I would say outright that it would be a terrible idea for the government to manage our trash if such a thing were the case. Property rights resolve those sorts of problems just fine. The failures you list are a failure of the property of a *commodity* being over-exploited (well, the sparrow thing is a lot more complicated, and has as much to do with a bizarre cult of personality that developed around Mao during the Great Leap Forward as it does anything else, but I'm not advocating a personality cult, so again that example isn't especially relevant). There is no over-exploitation issue here. We aren't figuring out how to allocate a limited supply of trash. We are trying to discourage people from *abandoning* trash. Normally, people don't abandon property. Property is not well suited to dealing with the abandonment of unwanted property. Indeed, I begin to suspect you went to law school, so you should know well that the only real abandonment cases deal with people wanting to claim abandoned things. You are left with torts law and trespass. 
Finally, you don't seem to be willing to acknowledge the bare fact, instead dancing around it by offering up bad analogies and unproven hypotheticals: administrative regulation produced results, and did so in record time. The pre-existing laissez-faire legal and governmental systems did a *terrible* job of managing this problem. Administrative agencies did dramatically better, full stop. They produced real measurable results, and that is what should be judged, not some theoretical concerns that have not manifested themselves. Nothing about our private property law changed in any significant way during that time. You are dodging the facts. Your defense amounts to the prior system not being *perfectly* like some hypothetical anarcho-capitalist system, but I could just as easily say that the current administrative regime is nothing like a perfect technocratic system. On the spectrum however, going in the direction of technocratic has been proven to work far better at managing this particular problem. You have no comparable evidence to support your claims about your system. Just a lot of supposition and rhetoric, and not especially convincing rhetoric because it doesn't appear to logically resolve the root cause of the problem. 


I'll believe it when I see it. I remain entirely unconvinced. 
@_date: 2013-11-24 00:09:33
I think the contention was that no one would work at Walmart specifically under those conditions, because Walmart doesn't offer many benefits and is kind of a shitty place to work.
@_date: 2013-06-10 18:26:33


Relative to what exactly? US wheat stocks? We don't use the gold standard, so why would you expect there to be exactly as much gold as there is currency? 


OK, but $500,000 gets you an extremely small slice of stock of a major company too. I hardly see why that is relevant to the average person. The average person isn't looking to control the worlds supply of gold or to become the Apple majority shareholder. Your decision to buy is based on the perceived quality of the investment. The fact that I can only buy a limited amount of physical gold is at best tangentially related to physical gold's value as an investment and has little relation to the difficulty of procurement for most people.
@_date: 2013-12-13 15:17:21
[According to this]( assuming google translate is doing its job adequately, the burden of proof *is* on the adverse possessor.
Specifically, it says:


They seem to have the requirement only that you show occupancy at the beginning of the interval of 20+ years and the end of that interval, not the intervening time, but the burden of proof is on you to show that continued occupancy. Further, Article 164 seems to say that this occupancy can be interrupted, presumably allowing defendant owner to show through an examination of the facts that plaintiff abandoned their claims to the property if they moved around too much. 
That being the case, this guy is going to have a hell of a time showing continuous occupancy of massive non-contiguous pieces of land. For one thing, for each section he occupies, he undermines his argument for every other piece, since he obviously couldn't continuously occupy hundreds of different pieces of land simultaneously. Also, as in the U.S., there seems to be an "Open and Obvious" requirement. The actual test for open and obvious is actually quite strict here in the states. I imagine the same is true in Japan, again for good reason. The guy seems to have planted flags, but in the U.S. that wouldn't rise to the level of open and obvious in most cases. Further, there is a good faith and a no-fault requirement. I am not sure what that means in this context, but I imagine actually *proving* those things would be difficult. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 06:13:56
Considering they are thinking of it as a payment system rather than a currency, I agree with that observation, but that is enough of a foot in the door to pave the way to the later. The point is, it becomes a legal form of exchange between contracting parties, so for 90% of transactions that detail is irrelevant. Really it means we can't pay taxes, and we can't pay debts in Bitcoin unless the contract was structured that way. But that is enough, and it is massive. Especially important here is that the *SEC* said this. How far behind can legally recognized banking be? If that happens, holy shit, Bitcoin is suddenly completely legitimate. That is *huge*. 
@_date: 2013-11-26 23:07:25


That's interesting that you think that, because there is a strong consensus among economists, even Austrian economists, that one of the things that makes gold valuable as a form of money is that it is nearly universally considered valuable in its own right. Of course, this is one of those great economic puzzles that Bitcoin may actually unlock in another several years, because it provides a real strong test case for that very claim. If those economists are right, then I suspect Bitcoin will fail. If they are wrong, then there is  very good chance Bitcoin will succeed. Either way, the final outcome with Bitcoin will help provide strong evidence towards one or the other view. I am on the fence, but honestly nothing anyone has said has done much to convince me that Bitcoin enthusiasts are right. There has been a lot of hand waving and denial, and very little willingness to actually directly consider how much meaning this distinction has. People have simply said "it doesn't matter!" without managing to explain *why* it doesn't matter, when both intuitively and logically it would seem to matter a great deal. That's not a convincing line of argument to me. 
@_date: 2013-11-26 08:55:25
Even *if* they succeed here in getting the mark registered, and I am not 100% sure that they will given that the mark is not fanciful, that really just means it is their trademark for the company. Since Bitcoin as a service already exists independent of this company, there will still be fair use exceptions, and because images on clothing are treated a little differently, not always being seen as source designating or causing a likelihood of confusion, it will probably still be possible for people to place drawings of Bitcoins on their clothing unless it is a verbatim copy of a registered drawing on the part of this registrant, as images of Bitcoins will likely fall into the realm of copyright, as overall design of a shirt or other piece of similar clothing is generally protected under copyright law. It is admittedly a crafty move though. 
There may be some prior use arguments by other T-shirt vendors that have sold Bitcoin related merchandise, though that is kind of a long shot. 
@_date: 2013-05-08 03:54:37


You aren't paying a fee for the privilege of ownership. You pay taxes. Taxes are monies owed to the government. If you do not pay, then they can attach your property as a *means* of payment. This is just as true for private lenders. If you cannot pay your loans, your loan is backed by your assets, including your property. This is why the lender is willing to lend in the first place, because even if a loan goes south, they can recover some of the debt from seizure of your property. Bitcoin does not change this fundamental pillar of society in any way, shape or form except in so far as it is a form of money that might be marginally more difficult to collect on. It would be analogous to burying some cash or gold somewhere so a lender couldn't recover it. Thus, it is *money* that is difficult to collect, not your property. This is another reason that agencies have the power to collect your property when you default on your debts: because money can be easily hidden, whereas physical property cannot (especially real property). This gives lenders some leverage in a relationship so you don't just take massive loans and skip town, or deposit your ill gotten gains in a carribean bank somewhere. Further, the idea that the possibility of temporal ownership means you don't have a property right is straight up incorrect. You have a property right as a tenant. Indeed, the recognition of tenant property rights go straight back to ancient Rome. You can have a fee simple subject to condition subsequent. You can have a life estate. There are all sorts of property one can have that are by their very nature temporary. Yet they are all still property and have been considered so for ages. So when the article tries to convince us the only property is property that cannot be taken away from us, I say the author has no idea what he or she is talking about.
The whole silliness of this idea of "true" ownership is predicated on what I would politely call an antiquated notion of property. Namely, the idea that property is defined as an absolute and static entity as opposed to a series of relationships. Also, that article uses a long since discredited idea about the origins of property, when on the contrary concepts of property in hunter-gatherer societies (i.e. those closest to living in an evolutionary environment) are generally weak at best, and is in nearly all cases based around a concept of common ownership. This idea that we must have an absolute right to exclude others from possession of something we own *no matter what we do* is both deeply flawed and systemically dangerous. It is to reject the complex relationships and interdependencies of modern society in favor of an imagined absolute independence that does not and cannot exist any longer. If we want loans to be given out at reasonable rates, it is important that lenders be able to recover property from debtors acting in bad faith. Being able to consistently collect taxes and prevent people from cheating is an important function of a well run state. The power to hold people to account for their actions is incredibly important in a world where all our actions have consequences for people around us. We are on a planet with 7 billion people and growing. We can't just retreat to the wilderness anymore to get away from the reach of civilization. The entire world has or is close to being civilized. Trying to undermine the foundations of our system doesn't solve anything. The very reason we have our system of laws is to solve all the problems that have arisen over time from an increasingly complex society. To ignore why we got here in the first place and want to start all over as if that is a solution is not, to me, an appealing approach to a problem.
@_date: 2013-06-05 02:54:06
Of course, with a deflationary currency, many people would be reluctant to spend their appreciating currencies on non-essential kickstarters, and not all ventures can be funded by a thing like kickstarter. Even those ventures that *are* successfully funded by kickstarter have rarely proven to be successful, rarely meeting their primary goals let alone their stretch goals. It remains to be seen how viable these models really are.
@_date: 2013-11-26 16:35:43
I'm really not sure what you are attempting to prove here. I feel like you are just making a deliberate effort to misunderstand me or something. I will give it one last go.


Obviously. Nothing has value in the absence of an entity to ascribe a thing value. Nothing has value in the absence of utility to something. *All* utility is subjective and contextual. The point is, in a closed system of 1 person, gold can still have utility and can still have subjective value. In a closed system of 1 person, a bitcoin has no value and no utility. Bitcoin derives its utility from the existence of a network of people that decide it has value. The point is, *it's value and utility are inextricably interlinked*. If it is not valued by a network of people (i.e., more than just me), it has no utility at all. That is not the case with gold. Even if no one else in the world decides to ascribe value to gold, gold can *still* have utility for me. It's utility is entirely independent of its operation as money, and consequently some of its value is independent from its operation as money. The opposite is true for Bitcoin. It's value and utility is *entirely* dependent upon its operation as currency and/or money. Hence the similarity to fiat. The ability to transact Bitcoins around the world would be of no use at all if I could not either redeem them for other currencies or use them directly to purchase things. 
If you want to be technical about the meaning of the word intrinsic, sure, I am in agreement. Gold has no intrinsic value. Nothing does. Intrinsic value is arguably a contradiction in terms unless you believe in God or something, or if by value you really mean "property" or "quality." However, the meaning of intrinsic I intended initially was "self contained" or "end in itself." Gold can be an end in itself. I might purchase gold for my own personal use simply to have it, maybe in the form of jewelry, maybe just as an aesthetically pleasing coin. Arguably the gold itself might have to be rendered into a more useful form, but that is sort of beside the point. It is still a property of the gold itself. I do not have to buy something with the gold to make it useful. My initial use of terms may have been imprecise, but there should have been more than sufficient context to understand what I meant. 
@_date: 2013-12-26 18:42:07
HEre, since you still seem to be having a lot of difficulty understanding, I'll help you out:


You will note I did not say "You should refrain from seeking legal advice from an attorney," or, "these actions by the bank are definitely legal!" You, however, said the following:


Now, lets think of it in the simplest logical terms. Telling people to refrain from claiming a thing is legal when they do not know whether that is true is *not* the same as telling a person they need to be a lawyer to fight for the their rights. That you equate the two is your giant failure of logical reasoning and reading comprehension. I really can't help you there. That said, if you ever get in legal trouble, given your own difficulties at forming a logically coherent argument, I would highly recommend that you seek legal counsel. That you would so proudly broadcast your own lack of reasoning ability in an attempt to criticize the intelligence of another person is, well, amusing. Thanks for the laugh. Enjoy the rest of the Holidays!
@_date: 2013-12-28 00:38:36
LaPoint is a [common crank]( 
@_date: 2013-06-05 02:47:10
You missed the distinction I made. I specifically referred to *investment* money. 
See my response [below for an explanation for why lending is often a good productive thing](
@_date: 2013-05-08 02:52:37
Sure. What are the arguments?
@_date: 2013-12-25 07:42:30
Forgive me. I was unaware you were in the currency disposal business. If you are ever in the area, I have a toilet you could throw your money in. Naturally, I have a $50,000 retainer. My fee is $1000 an hour.
@_date: 2013-06-16 23:03:16
Well that cleared things right up.
@_date: 2013-11-28 01:51:45
If you own Bitcoin, you have a strong incentive to be a PR person for Bitcoin. That is concerning behavior IMO.
@_date: 2013-05-20 05:42:34


By that logic, real world data compiled from hundreds of nations and hundreds of millions of currency users in the 1930's is "proof" that a fixed money supply creates deflationary pressure. It is proof in the sense of "providing support for a particular claim" but it is not proof in the sense of "unambiguously proving the claim."


Where did I claim that exactly? I'll help you out: I didn't.
@_date: 2013-06-05 07:25:45


But, interestingly, it is *still* a good idea to borrow, because of the potential for productive gains from the loan. So **both parties stand to benefit.**


And who is the borrower in that hypothetical, who also presumably knows the goods will be worth less and the money they owe worth more? Or, if the borrower believes the opposite, then one or the other of them is right and made a good investment, while the other was wrong and made a bad investment. Thus **the trade is a zero sum game.** Only one party stands to benefit at cost to the other. This is bad for trade.


So you are not an Austrian then, who are big believers in the central importance of money and credit supplies in explaining inflation and debt bubbles?
@_date: 2013-12-20 03:06:53
That is not true, even according to Austrian economists. The monetary base can increase without leading to *any* inflation in prices if the velocity of money stays the same. It does not mean that without the increase in the monetary base, that therefore there would have been *deflation*, because it is possible that the velocity of money would stay static in that scenario too. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 00:23:35
The worst part is how not everyone agrees with *me*, who is obviously right about everything!
@_date: 2013-11-19 10:46:07


How was wealth distributed under the gold standard? Equitably? That sure isn't my understanding. Plus, actual poverty levels were *far* worse. How many wars occurred *before* fiat? A lot more. While one might say correlation doesn't equal causation, that claim cuts both ways here.
Also, the printing thing is way overblown around here. The U.S. is not Wiemar Germany or Argentina or Zimbabwe. All those countries suffered from a shared problem: foreign denominated debt. This makes it virtually impossible to print your way out of debt, and so printing leads to hyperinflation. The U.S. has the good fortune of having all its publicly held debt denominated in dollars. It really isn't comparable. That leaves the remaining sources of hyperinflation: war with the threat of conquest and complete political dissolution. I do not think the U.S. is in any serious danger of either of those things. Thus, fiat is a perfectly effective system within that context. 
Further, what QE is doing is shifting around money in reserves. It hasn't actually resulted in more money circulating in the economy. This is why inflation has been so low. It isn't anything like the money printing people imagine. It is a way more controlled form of monetary management. 
@_date: 2013-11-07 17:56:38
Are you aware of the differences between quantitative easing and treasury printing? You may be surprised to learn that we have only moderately increased printing of money over the past several years.
For the relevant metric, you look to the M2 money supply. M2 money supply is on a pretty steady track.
This is why there hasn't been much in the way of inflation. The growth in the money supply hasn't been as catastrophic as a lot of people claim.
@_date: 2013-11-07 19:49:25


Not really.
@_date: 2013-04-20 16:59:51
Reddit is a large site in terms of user volume, but not in terms of monetary transactions. The importance of a major merchant like EBay adopting the currency is that it signals that a company is confident enough in the idea that they will pin their entire multi-billion dollar existence on it. Also, it is relevant that banks don't use bitcoin and almost certainly never will, at least not without insanely large interest rates due to the inherently deflationary nature of bitcoins (indeed if you are fully aware of the history of gold as currency, you realize just how horrible the gold standard was for the poor). This is one of the most significant barriers to bitcoin's success, the other probably being the lack of an equivalent to the Full Faith and Credit clause giving legal force to the currency. I suspect the hype will eventually dissipate once people become familiar with the inherent shortcomings, leaving it to a narrow band of hardcore users. Bitcoin is a revolutionary *idea*, but it is unlikely bitcoin itself will revolutionize the nature of currency. The problems that bitcoin has are severely understated here. They are solvable problems, but problems none the less.
@_date: 2013-11-23 06:57:45
Seems Alabama is awake too.
@_date: 2013-11-19 09:42:39


That seems like a bad analogy to me. In the first case, the federal reserve system is completely public and transparent. There is nothing they do with interest rates or any other monetary policy that is not publicly known. Same goes for the treasury. Further, we know that throughout the game, everyone will use this one currency and only this currency, and that they cannot refuse to accept such a currency if they ever hope to be paid. So it would be like having a fully transparent, but centralized banker. (that's not to get in to the more complicated questions of how much currency is issued and why, and how that relates to productivity and assets and so forth).
By contrast, the computer system relies on more than itself. It relies upon the subjective good faith of the users. So, I could in a closed system hoard 50% of the currency, wait for its value to rise, then dump it to buy up shitloads of assets while the value of the currency is high, then refuse to accept bitcoins in exchange for all the assets I just purchased. Indeed, certain traders did this sort of thing with salt in ancient China. If I was able to leverage an actual monopoly (lets say I buy up all the utilities in California), this is suddenly a big problem. I dynamically leveraged the system to gain a market position while refusing to accept this currency that I just offloaded for the assets that other people need. I suppose with a sufficiently sophisticated market, this would be smoothed out and difficult to accomplish, but if there are other alternatives for this person to use, like alternative crypto currencies and what have you, they could simply demand payments in this new currency and create a founder effect, getting massive value for themselves at the expense of everyone else. When people are not forced into using or accepting the currency, individual players can manipulate the currency market itself if they are large enough players. 
@_date: 2013-11-20 19:30:27
It is very easy for the court to find the PV of a pair of a particular set of headphones. You can simply refer to the MSRP for the pair.
@_date: 2013-12-27 20:21:49
I actually *am* a legal expert. I am quite comfortable saying that your understanding of the law approaches caveman levels of sophistication, and that "Just trust me" is the sort of moronic thing that per se defendants often say who find themselves on the losing side of litigation. But hey, you are the kind of guy that thinks assertions can substitute for actual argument, so I know there is nothing more to be said here. You can lead an ass to water but you can't make 'em drink, so I won't waste any more of my time.  
@_date: 2013-11-26 14:38:35


Gold has utility in itself *independent of its role as money*. It was made into jewelry long before it was minted as coins. That is a very significant distinction. People started using gold as money because of its *preexisting* value. By contrast, people started using Bitcoin as currency because they wanted to use it as a currency. It is not a commodity in and of itself. It only derives value by virtue of people treating it as a currency. I can't use a bitcoin to do anything without another party and a transaction. I can take a lump of gold in my home and fashion it into a necklace for my own personal use if I want. Bottom line, Bitcoin is 100% dependent upon faith in a system. Gold is not. 


Practically speaking, that is the same thing. 
Now, does any of this mean Bitcoin couldn't possibly last? No. That isn't my point. My point is that this is a distinction that is meaningful, and which is reason for concern because we do not have a good basis of knowing how such a thing will work in actual practice. Thus, no one without a crystal ball can say with any kind of certainty whether present prices are a reflection of some actual future utility, or whether those prices are purely speculation based on collective faith that is subject to collapse like any other bubble or even pyramid scheme. It may be, for example, that there will be a point reached where there are no new adopters of Bitcoin, and prices start leveling out. The danger then is that some very large institutional investors, seeing o further returns, will simply cash out massive volumes of Bitcoin, causing price to collapse. This could well result in a selloff death spiral that ultimately kills the currency. This is a danger precisely because very few people are actually using Bitcoin as a true currency. The majority are either speculating, holding, or both. When a market is overwhelmingly driven by speculation and not actual utility and value, you have a serious problem.
The flip side is that this *is* new, it *is* different, and it may be that we are simply witnessing a genuine transition to a new currency, and that people will start using it like currency more and more, alleviating a lot of those concerns. This is the hope for Bitcoin. I personally would like to see this outcome. If nothing else, I would like to see how the whole thing plays out. I have some Bitcoin myself, so I have a stake in the whole project, however small it may be. That doesn't prevent me from dispassionately weighing the pros and cons. 
@_date: 2013-11-30 01:08:42
Hence my lengthy set of qualifications prior to diving in to my act of pedantry.
@_date: 2013-12-03 22:28:52
King Midas. *Duh*.
@_date: 2013-11-27 01:36:31
I already went over this with another poster. Read those posts, then get back to me.
@_date: 2013-04-20 21:17:44
Depends. Deflating currencies are horrible for low income people as a general rule because low income people very rarely are able to save up much in the way of currency and often need to take loans. In a deflationary regime, loans are extremely burdensome since as time goes on the value of the balance owed increases in real terms (getting money tomorrow is harder than getting money today when currency is inflating). What is confusing though is that bitcoin is incredibly deflationary, so it is a poor alternative to avoid that problem. Personally I think that explanation is BS. You will note that this is a direct link to a website, not a news article, and there is hardly anything actually on the site.
@_date: 2013-12-05 23:21:03
Pretty close to the plot of Serial Experiments: Lain.
@_date: 2013-11-19 09:54:17
Firstly, thank you kind sir for the tip! But secondly, this is a strict utility, but a utility that is still dependent upon valuation. The dollar is a fairly stable yardstick that is convenient for subjective valuation. When I get transferred bitcoins, it seems to be treated as valuable in itself to people, not as a literal currency that reliably facilitates the exchange of goods and services. If I can't use bitcoins to compare the value of a sandwich today with a pair of shoes tomorrow, it makes me unsure of how to use bitcoins to assign subjective value to a thing, just as a shifting yardstick would make it difficult to compare measurements of two different feet made on different days.
@_date: 2013-11-19 09:03:10
Are you proposing that the value of Bitcoin is only in its utility as a facilitator of transactions, not as a store of value in itself? Doesn't that essentially just make it a cheap, relatively hassle free version of paypal? I struggle to see where a Bitcoin gets its value from. The dollar actually represents something specific, knowable and tangible, albeit in an abstract sort of way. Indeed currency markets operate on that knowledge. What does the value of a Bitcoin represent? What can I trace it back to to say that X value is a reasonable market value, as opposed to pure speculation? Why? 
I understand that the idea behind it has a certain utility, and that utility is therefore of some unspecified value, but it seems to me to be a kind of logical loop. Its market value is based on people's faith in the currency, and faith in the currency is based on its utilitarian value. This makes me uncertain as to why Bitcoin should have any particular valuation. People just kind of believe in it. But what happens if suddenly the stop? A state backed currency has the virtue of being backed by real world assets, so it doesn't have to be an article of faith. At the end of the day I know a dollar can satisfy debts, that the dollar is a reflection of GDP, and that dollar denominated debt is backed by real assets with real value like land and factories and cars and so forth. Bicoin? It doesn't have that, so valuation seems like it is floating entirely apart from anything actually known by the market. Does that make any sense?
@_date: 2013-11-19 09:17:35
Well, I could argue about Gold, but one thing I will point out is that gold has actual utility as a commodity, and that is partly reflected in its value. People's hoarding of gold as a form of money honestly confuses me in a world that runs on fiat currency. Part of me thinks it is a deeply irrational behavior that is really a relic of our days on the gold standard (and before that, actual state enforced gold coinage, and of course even older than that, conspicuous and ostentatious golden jewelry), and that the old guard still clings to the nonsensical tautology that gold is valuable simply because gold is valuable. It no longer has its same value as a clear display of wealth that it once did, so its former utility from ancient history is largely lost. This leaves just the idea and the modern utility, and in my view the idea is worth nothing anymore, but people haven't seemed to accept it yet. It is, in essence, an old economic religion still in its death throes. 
That said, if people really do believe it, it doesn't really matter why, that belief definitely will give a thing value. I just think that in the case of gold that the belief is now complete nonsense, and in the case of Bitcoin, I struggle to see what the belief is really founded upon. All I see is a protocol that has a certain utility that itself is difficult to value, especially when it is decentralized, because it can't really be pegged to anything knowable. It is, in a sense, utterly opaque and mercurial, which doesn't seem desirable in a currency.  
@_date: 2013-11-07 18:00:58


That much is true. But of course the overwhelming currency holders in the U.S. are the very wealthy, and thus far we haven't printed any more money than usual. 
IN case you are not aware, quantitative easing done by the Federal Reserve is *not* the same as the printing of money by the treasury. The media often gives this impression. It is incorrect. You may be surprised to learn that we have only moderately increased printing of money over the past several years.
For the relevant metric, you look to the M2 money supply. M2 money supply is on a pretty steady track.
This is why there hasn't been much in the way of inflation. The growth in the money supply hasn't been as catastrophic as a lot of people claim. It has been pretty moderate in actuality. The main change in monetary metrics has been in the requirement for the reserve monetary base. However, there really aren't many economists that believe the monetary base has anything at all to do with inflation.
@_date: 2013-10-02 18:41:23
This is why we have trials. Instead of assuming according to what confirms our pre-existing biases, maybe we should let a jury of 12 peers make a judgment based on the entirety of the evidence rather than us speculating on the basis of a criminal complaint, a complaint which is filed before evidence is even reviewed. 
@_date: 2013-11-22 21:14:39
I think there is a major structural defect in your design. If the rocket doesn't fall apart on launch, poor ToTheMoonGuy is going to die in the vacuum of space.โ(\*6\*)โ
@_date: 2013-11-19 08:44:24
Why are you so hostile to an honest question? I mean, you certainly don't have to try and convince me, but to be actively hostile? I don't get it. I was perfectly polite and really want to hear different arguments because I have lingering doubts but am open to changing my mind. 
@_date: 2013-11-11 03:02:59
Violent and unstable?
@_date: 2013-12-09 04:12:08
Yeah, I don't like that an honest question got downvoted so quickly. I got 3 downvotes in a matter of minutes. It kind of worries me. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 02:38:40
The whole point was to shore up banking reserves by relieving bad debts, and then to incentivize the maintenance of those reserves by having the Fed pay interest on those reserves to prevent them from simply going back into the economy rapidly. The present regulatory environment is meant to prevent the overleveraging of banking institutions, which in effect means slowing the velocity of money by stabilizing the monetary base. Part of this includes raising reserve standards. 
This seems to be the part many of the hyperinflation people really don't understand about what is going on right now. The money is not going back into circulation and is unlikely to go back into circulation at anything other than a trickle or a very slow stream. Arguably this is part of the *problem* since inflation is *too* low right now in the opinion of many. Unless the banks randomly decide to scoff at the fed incentives, violate reserve requirements, and engaging in risky overleveraging again, which would be very very stupid on their part since now they could face a variety of criminal and civil charges for doing that, much more so than pre 2008, this should not be a problem. 
@_date: 2013-06-05 07:36:52
Yes. It is clearly *my* mind that is made up. You on the other hand are nothing but a paragon of open mindedness and even-handedness. 
I have my opinions. I am willing to change them, but I only do so when presented with well reasoned and well supported arguments. I am afraid I am not easily persuaded by one liners and oft-repeated platitudes. If that makes me closed-minded, then I shall wear that label proudly.
@_date: 2013-04-20 21:59:30
Yes, it was the backbone of the global economy. And you will note that depressions were a pretty regular occurrence up until the gold standard was abandoned. There were depressions almost every 20 years from the 1700's up until the 1930's. The thing was, the wealthy were able to hedge against the worst effects of this problem, still benefiting overall from their investments, while the lower classes took the brunt of the impact. This is why farmers were generally in favor of a silver standard in American history. Silver allowed for an expansionary money supply that made loans less burdensome. The explosion of the middle class has a whole lot to do with abandoning the gold standard. Inflationary monetary policy has been hugely beneficial for the lower and middle classes, mostly because it has made loans, once a monetary instrument largely reserved for professionals and merchants, a tool that was available to the middle and lower classes. 
This shift in monetary policy has not been without its consequences (most notably the recent massive expansion of private and government debt), but it is pure romantic revisionism to imagine that the gold standard was a magic bullet. The gold standard was a relic of its time that was very inflexible and caused huge structural problems that benefited holders of capital while punishing the indebted poor. There is a reason hardly any economists takes the idea of a gold standard seriously. They actually know their economic history.
@_date: 2013-06-05 04:42:35
A stock market is a form of lending. You get returns based on the growth of the company. The company sells stock because it wants money to invest in growing the enterprise. That is not the same as investing in gold. I don't invest in gold on the expectation that the gold I invest in will become more productive by virtue of my investment. Arguably, my investment in the gold restrains its productive use rather than facilitates it. The value of the gold is based on the scarcity of and demand for the commodity. The value of the stock is based on the productivity of the company. Very different.
@_date: 2013-05-07 18:04:02


Don't you love when people who know nothing about law or philosophy try and formulate theories of property? Always good for a laugh. 
@_date: 2013-12-11 08:12:44


That's really as far from how legal reasoning works as could be stated. Precision is *hugely* important in legal analysis, and understanding how various legal doctrines, statutes, court cases and other parts of the law interact is absolutely essential for making  meaningful comments. What you said was just a bunch of gibberish from a legal perspective. The very idea that you want to apply RICO, an anti-racketeering law, to the banks rejection of Bitcoin transactions illustrates that you are just wayyyy out of your depth on this. If anything, you would be far more likely to be persecuted under RICO for *using* bitcoins than a bank would ever be for refusing to do business with those making Bitcoin transactions.
Now, there *may* be a cause of action under entirely *different* legal principles on occasions where your funds are frozen, but it has nothing to do with RICO. Further the commerce clause actually *gives* the government the power to regulate interstate commerce, which would include Bitcoin, so I really don't see how you would use that as some argument against the bank's reactions to bitcoin transactions. 
Finally, referring to the Clayton act is a stretch, to put it generously. The Clayton Act is an anti-trust provision. There is no monopoly here, so it really isn't applicable at all. About the closest you would even come is 15 USC ยง 14, which quite clearly doesn't apply since Bitcoin is not a competing business. 
@_date: 2013-12-08 11:46:10
This smells of bullshit to me. I have been sitting here trying to figure out how in the fuck someone would claim 2.5 million acres of fucking *patchwork* land no less using adverse possession, and all I can think is that in Japan it must work *waaay* different than in the U.S., or there is just some weird situation there where a single family owned a bunch of land it never attended to, which this guy knew about. 
But I mean what the hell did he do? Fence the whole thing off for 20 years and keep people out? 
Further, I can find almost no other references to it anywhere, which seems unlikely. Also, the link provided is a mere 23 hours old, and provides no real support of its claims. It almost seems like this is some sort of bitcoin scam in the making.
@_date: 2013-10-27 19:45:16


There are no modern examples of countries succumbing to hyperinflation without large amounts of their debts being denominated in foreign currencies, such as the Wiemar Republic, Argentina and modern day Zimbabwe, or some sort of accompanying catastrophic event such as regime change or war that caused people to completely abandon faith in the monetary regime. So, if your claim is true, it is unsupported by actual economic history. Doesn't mean you couldn't be right, after all past performance is not a perfect indicator of future outcomes, but it does strongly suggest you are much more likely to be wrong.
@_date: 2013-12-03 22:26:46


Is... is that sarcasm?
@_date: 2013-12-12 13:35:49
There is no business relationship intentionally being interfered with.
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:27:42
I think you overstate the deflationary problem honestly. This same feature existed with gold, yet people still spent it, and economic growth was still possible. It only became a major issue during banking panics, most especially during the Great Depression of course. I see this as a problem, but not an insurmountable one. For one thing, unlike gold which had an unpredictable rate of supply, a feature that itself could cause panics when the supply from mining suddenly shrunk, Bitcoin quantities are predictable and fixed, and consequently should eventually be priced in a way that is much more stable. That is of course only in the long term, and assuming widespread adoption. For another thing, its ready divisibility makes it easier to spend in a deflating environment, because you can immediately adjust to current prices. 
Overall, for a business, this means any business most have returns that exceeds the rate of deflation to be a profitable prospect, but this is not fundamentally different than the proposition that the claculations businesses do now with debt and equity. There will undoubtedly be *more* saving, but that is not necessarily a bad thing, as it helps avoid the debt traps that hound modern economies. 
So, it is a problem, I would agree, but of the problems with Bitcoin, I think this one is sometimes overblown.
@_date: 2013-12-24 02:36:50
As it happens, it costs exactly $702 to clear my conscience. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 05:48:15
So far, those civil forfeiture cases have been won against the government in cases where no law has been violated, which it sounds like is the case here (barring some missing facts known by the government). Right now the government is testing the limits of the law under the patriot act. They have already lost cases like this one:
In civil forfeitures, the government actually has to prove by a preponderance of the evidence that the assets seized were used by some party, even a third party, to facilitate criminal conduct. 
Once they start losing a few more of these, the IRS commissioner will almost certainly issue a memo warning against this practice.
@_date: 2013-11-14 05:10:32


Could you be specific?
@_date: 2013-11-13 04:02:49
If there is one thing that concerns me more than anything about bitcoin as an investment, it is the irrational exuberance expressed by people on this forum. The complete overreaction to even the remotest criticism is a red flag to me. That suggests a group of people not honestly weighing the risks and rewards, but people closing ranks and rejecting meaningful information as a result. That can lead to bad decision making. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 07:42:03
How do you distinguish between "deep and accurate understanding" and "confirmation bias" in a case like this? Hindsight bias tends to make us assume generalized expertise and insight when a person correctly predicts a specific phenomena, and to conclude that what was highly uncertain then was actually "obvious" given all the knowledge of the present. The fact is though, it is just as likely that that person's insight was a result of their narrow expertise, and that their claims of wider understanding are often completely faulty. Even Einstein, who revolutionized physics, couldn't accept the significance of quantum mechanics. A person can be totally right and insightful about one thing, and totally wrong about plenty else. 
So far, Schiff has been completely wrong about hyperinflation, and he even appears to be wrong about gold. Partly this is because he seems to have misunderstood the actual nature of QE and its real role in the overall money supply (technically speaking, it shifts money around in reserves, it doesn't really add to the supply in actual circulation). The guy is clearly smart and had some insight, but lets not pretend he is some economic god with omniscient clarity. He is as fallible as any other economist. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 08:41:27
I have researched it. I'm still struggling with a couple different problems. For one, I am unclear how it becomes a fully functional currency without the backing of banks, because at some point it will be important for the currency to be asset backed, otherwise it is merely a commodity, in which case it should be valued as a commodity. The only way for the transition to happen is if banks start lending bitcoins with the loan backed by tangible assets that are recoverable. If this happens, in some abstract sense, every bitcoin will be underwritten by a physical asset. Without that, well, it still seems to be lacking one of the most valuable aspects of centralized currencies. I haven't really seen this problem explained anywhere.  