@_author: panza_pewpew
@_date: 2018-01-20 18:37:28
Why are you mad bro?  Lol how am I being the dumbass here. I’m just stating the obvious. 2FA and changing the password don’t work if original account owners can state they are the account owner and their account has been hacked. Customer service will gladly remove it. So don’t call me a dumbass when I know what I’m taking about here. I hate scammers. 
@_date: 2018-01-20 18:42:34
Telling us to STFU isnt nice bro. We’re just here to keep innocent people from getting scammed. AND telling us to STFU means you really don’t want us to exploIt what may happen for bought accounts. You are giving us more of a red flag by the way you are expressing yourself here. 
@_date: 2018-01-20 15:19:21
Reviews? It doesn’t matter if you have a good review. First time someone buys an account off you, and it goes through with no problem of course they would leave a good review for you saying this is legit and things like that. 6 months or 2 years later, you can easily access those sold accounts. 
Red Flags everywhere!
@_date: 2018-01-20 15:11:03
I agree. This is one of the easiest scam people fall for. Please avoid buying accounts. It is a lot easier to create your own account using your personal information that no one knows about. 
If you are buying accounts from random stranger you are an easy target! Look at the red flags already in the title. PayPal payment accepted. As a buyer, sure you’ll think that this will be safe because I can easily do a chargeback Incase anything happens. But what will happen? Nothing since the account will be mine and no one can access it when I use my own email. 
This entire thing is false! Even if you buy an account off someone, the person who originally created the account can easily send a support ticket to customer service to have the information changed back to his/her. If you have funds in the account that you bought off someone, you will lose it! 
How can it be done? If I was selling an account, I can claim can claim that my account was hacked and the hacker has has changed the email address. All I had to do is provide any necessary information to prove that I created the account. Things like date account created or IP address at the time of creation. 
AVOID THIS!
@_date: 2017-12-24 03:00:06
I hate Coinbase with a strong passion! I have stopped using their service since May and it’s a good thing I did. 
@_date: 2018-02-04 03:24:42
WTF?!? It’s people like you that makes this world so cruel. Leave your friend’s wallet alone. Posting something like this on here, you’ll get caught. I hope someone can trace his IP and report this guy for theft! 
What a friend you are... looks like money is more important than friendship. This makes me sick. 
Whether or not this is a joke,  I don’t give a sh** cuz this is not something you should be joking about. 