@_author: paolocole
@_date: 2018-09-14 11:21:31
In theory clients have to check the entire history of your transactions. If you have a long chain of transactions (all confirmed by you) which however is originated from an invalid transaction, the other clients should not accept transactions trying to spend those bitcoins
@_date: 2018-09-14 10:55:45
If the block does not respect the rules, such as it assigns bitcoins to you out of nowhere or who belong to domebody else, the other clients will refuse to consider it. You still will have the longest chain but you will be alone, nobody will want the bitcoins from your chain, i.e. transactions in your chain will be unspendable.
With 51% the only fraudolent useful (for you) things you can do are
- not confirming transactions that you don't like (you could, for example, blackmail other users that you are not going to confirm their transactions forever, but you need much more than 51)
- double-spend your own bitcoins and then confirm only the transaction that you want, rejecting the other one
@_date: 2018-09-30 22:01:04
Me and some friends of mine in Italy received several of those letters and surprisingly they were translated into a good Italian (usually the translation is so poor that it is evidently a scam). In some of them there were *REALLY* the passwords we used in the past on a website (not linkedin), probably they managed to hack an old password file of that website or they bought on the black market a list of old passwords. All the passwords received in the other emails were wrong.
After my initial shock of seeing my old password written in the letter, the only thing to do is ignore them... or if you really want paying an insignificant amount to see on the blockchain where does it end up (but they would be able to trace it where does it come from!) 
@_date: 2018-05-10 20:51:33
Very strange that (according to blockchain.info) the first transaction received by that public key is AFTER the publication of the article and incoming transactions go on until 2016. They all seem from mining pools, so it seems that they continued to keep they cup of coffee half-warm.
If they realy wanted to burn the coins, they could send them to any burn address. The world of crypto is full of ways to give people unopposable proves, not providing them is a clear hint that what you say might not be true. 
@_date: 2018-06-07 11:53:24
When I pay with Bitcoin the seller never waits for confirmation. 
It is honestly very improbable that I run out of the shop and immediately set up a double-spending to myself hoping that in the meantime the first transaction doesn't get confirmed. 
The issue is that quick shopping usually involves cheap purchases, for which it's not worthwhile to try to double-spend. On the other hand expensive purchases typically require some time. Imagine you are buying an expensive wrist watch: the seller takes his time to clean it, lay it carefully in its box, sign the guarantee, ask you whether it's a gift or not... you can't run out of the shop to double-spend (or to avoid that the seller be warned of a double spending in case you were so smart to have set up an automatic double-spending app on your smartphone).
@_date: 2018-06-07 17:22:32
I agree that you do not have to double spend manually. However, as soon as you broadcast the second transaction, after a couple of seconds on the merchant's wallet a warning will appear that his incoming transaction has been double-spent. Therefore, either you wait before double-spending, but in the meantime the first transaction might get comfirmed, or you get out of the shop quickly, very quickly!
I honestly can figure out only cheap items for which you go away quickly, i.e. an ice cream, a newspaper... The only expensive item for which you might able to go out quickly enough could be an expensive piece of electronics in a huge shop, but in those kind of shops it takes me 10 seconds to go out when they are not overcrowded.
For cheap items, the effort and the risk (let's not forget that it is a crime and you are physically present there! ) is not worthwhile. 
I believe that only in very very rare cases the merchant really need to ask you to wait 10 minutes. 
@_date: 2018-06-26 20:45:38
Once every couple of months I pay the restaurant (which btw accepts 6 different cryptos!). Once every some months I deliberately drive to the nerby town where there is a bar which accepts bitcoin. There is also a butcher and a hairdresser, but I never needed their services. 
Recently I had to collect a small amount of money from friends: 20 are pretending to have forgotten, 15 paid cash, 6 paid with bank transfer (no commission for most Italian banks), 3 paid with Paypal (gooosh, 50 cents commission on 2.50), 2 paid with Satispay (a commissionless Italian transfer system), only 1 tried to pay with bitcoin... but failed  :-( 
@_date: 2019-06-24 22:03:13
Well, at least you should tell us your country. Each country has its own rules on crypto taxation, even though most still don't have clear rules.
@_date: 2019-06-25 16:22:04
Usually what happens is that you go negative on your bank account, very strange that transaction was reversed after it arrived at Coinbase.
It is funny that we worry about possible double spending in the first 10 minutes and the current financial system isa so slow that it lets customers double spend for the next days!
@_date: 2019-01-03 13:29:43
It seems that here there is a confusion between CLIENT and MINER. At the beginning of Bitcoin history every client was also a miner, but now they are different. Clients do not produce blocks, miners do.
If a MINER is using a program that produces blocks which are not compatible with other MINERS, a fork will happen as soon as the first block is mined by a new program. Each miner will look at the blocks of the other chain as mistakes and will go on with its own chain. The general public will PROBABLY consider the chain with 75% of power as the right one, but I am pretty sure that  several people will still consider the other one to be the right one.
If instead a version of a CLIENT without backward compatibility is released, if it makes a payment to a person using the old client this person won't see the payment. What happens here will depend on the miners more than on the percentage of clients, because even if 75% of clients are adopting the new software if the miners do not mine their transactions, they will never get a confirmation. 
And in a case like this I think that the miners will stay on the safe side and mine only transactions with the old protocol. 
@_date: 2018-07-15 21:31:56
A BTC EFT is an investment fund which replicates the BTC price.
Unlike what other answers says, the issuer DOES NOT promise you to use your money to buy bitcoins, simply sells you the ETF for the current exchange rate and promises you to pay the current exchange rate of the BTC in case you ask it.
Usually you do not buy/sell directly from/to the issuer, but buy/sell from/to other investors, as ETF are quoted on stock markets.
The main advantages for you compared to buying bitcoins directly is that you do not have to set up a wallet (or take the risk that your exchange goes bankrupt if you leave your bitcoins in the exchange) and you do not have to set up an account in an exchange.
The main disadvantages is that you do not really own bitcoins so you can't spend them, that you take the risk that the issuer goes bankrupt (which however is usually more reliable than  an exchange) and that it can be confiscated by authotities (in case you go bankrupt or own money to somebody). Last but not least you pay a small yearly fee to the issuer. 
Moreover, depending on the country where you pay taxes, they might be subject to a very different taxation, as ETF is a financial asset while bitcoin ranges from currency to commodity to asset to nothing. For example where I live the gain from ETF is taxed at 26% while the gain from cryptocurrencies is exempted, so I won't ever buy that ETF :-) 
For sure the birth of bitcoin ETFs will help raising BTC price. First of all because of the advertising that this will bring towards crypto world (don't we forget that still a lot of people don't know about its existence or know just bits of it), but also because the issuer of BTC EFT, despite not being forced to really buy BTC, will do it anyway, as a form of insurance towards a sudden jump in BTC exchange rate! So the more people buy BTC ETF the more the issuer will have to buy real BTC. 
@_date: 2018-07-26 21:54:43
Me too, I'd suggest to set up an Electrum wallet, it's really easy. Much much easier than buying stocks of bitcoin mining companies (which I think are not quoted on any market) and safer.
Write down all the keys and password on a piece of paper and be careful to copy&amp;paste the right address when moving btc from the exchange to your wallet. Start by moving a small amount, check that it arrives and then move it among your addresses to practice (electrum offers you several addresses within the same wallet). If possible try to buy something. It will cost you something in fees, but if you do not do this in periods of mass attention you might be able to keep them low. When you are ready exchange and move all the rest. 