@_author: papabitcoin
@_date: 2015-12-02 01:30:36
I like his proposal for doubling based on halving.  With setting the max size to 2mb now (accounting for the previous halving) and doubling again in 2016 and so on.  I imagine that satoshi conceived the bitcoin network to be self sustaining and in the long term its survival not predicated on the existence of off ledger transaction systems or unforseen extensions by others.  As a peer to peer system transactions should not be hugely expensive to perform - which means that as the block reward decreases clearly the harvest of transaction fees needs to come from rapidly increasing transaction numbers.
Second point.  Mining migrated pretty quickly to geographic areas with cheap power etc.  In future the equation may need to take into account both power cost and bandwidth.  Miners that set up in optimum locations outperform other miners and increase their share making those sadly located in poor locations less relevant - while that is highly disruptive for existing miners locked into a location, it is also seems to be a part of the mining business - you need to be nimble to survive.  Should the bitcoin network be jeopardized because some miners are located in areas with poor internet? - how about all the would-be-miners in countries with high electricity costs - it is unfair for them also.  As long as the rules are stable and change slowly so that miners have a chance to recover their outlays and change their strategies I don't think bandwith requirements should rule everything.  
@_date: 2015-12-16 23:31:37
Just wanted to say thank you for your post.  There are a tremendous amount of people just seemingly waiting to jump on any wording issues or nit pick over minor things, obfuscate the message, distort things to suit their agendas - but you seem to get the big picture.  To my mind the block reward is the most critical factor for Miners profitability for the medium term - this is underpinned by the price of bitcoin - which in turn is underpinned by its utility.  Forcing increased fees when there are not sufficient counteracting benefits decreases utility.  Furthermore this whole debate will eventually damage bitcoins reputation and may adversely impact the price. I fail to see why a 2mb limit before the next halving (even with Seg Witness) is really such a massive ask.  Why can't we have that? Why can't that be agreed to as a first step. Miners can still choose not to fill their blocks can't they and push for higher fees if they need that financial incentive. 
@_date: 2015-12-18 09:09:25
I have a 80386 CPU based computer - would I have to upgrade it before running a node - cause I really like it and I wanna keep it?  Seriously, to maintain a computer over several years (bitcoin has been around since 2009!) means periodically upgrading both the hardware and software.  3 - 5 years is about what you could expect as a reasonable lifespan.  If you upgrade OS you well may need to upgrade hardware at some point - same with running a node.  I don't think it is reasonable to prevent increasing block size AT ALL because someone has a machine they could run a bitcoin node on in 2009 and in 6 Years can't upgrade a hard drive?  Probably wise to replace the drive anyway.
@_date: 2015-06-21 02:18:45
fair point, I didn't know this, possibly because I am not really interested in proprietary solutions, possibly cause I don't investigate enough what email system can do, or possibly because I don't live in US or UK.  So you are right then, already millions of gmail users can transact this way.
I am interested in transactions that use the blockchain for very fast processing and an open ended way of doing this so that as new email providers evolve that adopt a standard protocol more users can email each other.  There is also flexibility in receiving bitcoin payment by email - then transferring to some else by some other mechanism.  I have no idea how long funds take to become available by each method mentioned - that may be another issue worth considering.  Thanks for your response.
@_date: 2015-06-25 02:11:19
There is just so much potential for this type of application.  Anyone who has had to go to the pain of getting certified true copies made of documents or replacing lost original documents can see this.  I can see this one day becoming the way official documents are issued by goverment agencies for things like licences, certificates or tax statements.  You can take a document like a marriage certificate and photocopy it or email it a hundred times and send it all over the world and its validity can be assured.  
I wish these types of enterprise well, initial adoption might be slow and yes, there is a long road to go before this type of business becomes mainstream but it has to start somewhere. These things are made possible by a  blockchain, in particular, by the Bitcoin Blockchain.
@_date: 2015-06-18 23:31:46
Just wondering if BitPay has any plans to float on the Nasdaq - would enable people who believe in what they are doing a chance to participate in the future growth of the company and would potentially give it a substantial amount of working capital.  A successful IPO of a bitcoin payments company would really raise bitcoin's profile among the investor community and would probably create a lot of press coverage.  Would be nice if those who actually owned bitcoins could have some priority in being able to be allocated shares in such a float.  Wasn't it when Netscape floated that the DotCom boom really started off?  It is great that venture capitalist have started a lot of this innovation off, but would be good if some of us with more modest means (but similar visions) could also get in.
@_date: 2015-06-27 23:03:44
How would you feel if you didn't invest in bitcoin holdings even though you recognized that this is a once in a generation technology revolution with massive use case potential already identified and probably lots more to come.  That there is a limited number and that even though there is powerful vested interests against it, it is trying to overturn the status quo, amid much confusion and ill-informed doubters, Mt Gox fiasco, not to mention pathetic people who take joy out of trying to cut down people's visions - and yet it is still over $200 a coin at the current rate of daily issuance.  
I think there is also risk in not investing at least a part of your holdings in high risk/high reward areas.  If you just put your money in cash at the bank, you will end up working for the man your entire life and get to retire with just enough to exist, rather than live. 
In general, the younger you are the more you can embrace risk as you have time to rebuild.  These sort of opportunities to participate are very rare.  Usually by the time small investors can invest in anything the big players have already consumed most of the profits.  Bitcoin is different.
Also, if you want to get bitcoin, then buying bitcoin regularly is a good strategy, people think they can time the market and jump in at the time just before it rises.  But in market trading most people miss the rise because they are waiting for what ever it is they are buying to trend back down to where they are comfortable buying and sooner or later it just doesn't ever return to those levels. 
I buy some bitcoin fairly regularly. If I lose my dosh so be it. I back my own judgement (very hard to do sometimes when the herd is running for the exits) and this has seen me modestly succeed in many investment trades over the years. That said, I can afford to lose my entire bitcoin holdings and still be OK. (When your taxi driver is telling you his cousin made lots on bitcoin and that he is thinking about buying in too - then it has reached saturation, it might be time to stop buying, at least for a while!)
@_date: 2015-12-02 01:51:04
Yeah - I should clarify, I am ok with that too - but they key is to getting as many to align on a solution as possible - if they are prepared to move to the doubling strategy now with an initial jump to 2 - maybe that is a good solution. better than everyone disagreeing.  Also I am not sure that it is possible to algorithmically set a block size strategy that will always be a good fit - we have no idea of adoption rates really.  Perhaps we have to accept that we may have to revisit this issue from time to time to adjust.
@_date: 2015-06-25 01:56:04
The title of this post is not appropriate since this story has been clarified that it is primarily altcoin related.
But even if it was losses attributed to holding bitcoin, the amount of coverage Overstock has had by being an early mover would cover this cost (not to mention extra sales/customers on their books). Also, what is actually a bad business decision is lacking vision and turning your back on new opportunities.  There are potential supply chain streamlining by not converting all bitcoins that over time could repay massively any early losses.  Not if, but when, bitcoin price soars they will be the winners and everyone else will be moaning about how unfair it is that they missed out. 
@_date: 2015-06-25 02:25:30
oh yeah?  How many large corporations have you run?  You seem to know a lot about this.  I don't know too much, but I do know that many companies are forced to deal with things like foreign currency risk or exposure to changes in prices of commodities even if it is not their core strengths.  There are different ways to deal with this concerned with hedging etc.  In time I imagine that as the bitcoin economy develops these tools will become available more pervasively.  Also, the bitcoin holdings may actually form part of a diversified portfolio of foreign currency, gold or other assets.  This is actually wise practice.  In share portfolios it is often the case that one invests a small percentage of the overall portfolio in a couple of speculative stocks that show the possibility of high levels of return on the understanding that they may also gown down in value.  Bitcoins can be seen in this light - it is also a risk to miss out on potential high growth as much as it is to risk a loss.  Taken all that aside, bitcoin is not just some dumb commodity like gold but can be useful for the business in developing a lower cost supply chain network.
@_date: 2014-12-24 04:28:26
Australia is a big place with not many people relatively speaking and we are an island population that makes a lot of our money by digging stuff out of the ground.  I feel this (sadly) has a limiting effect on competition and innovation.  A lot of our retail is dominated by a few large merchants who have been slow to innovate and even go online.  Mostly they complain about people shopping online at overseas stores and how unfair it is in an effort to protect the existing bricks and mortar stores which have offered high prices and low choice and service for years.  I don't shop a lot but in the past I have made use of Amazon, Zappos, Book Depository.  I am waiting for these guys to embrace bitcoin and they will certainly get more of my custom.   At the moment it seems to me that in Australia there are mainly smaller stores run by an enthusiast that allow payment by bitcoin.  As a whole we are a well educated but surprisingly conservative culture that tends to mock new ideas. Our large retailers and banks are probably too comfortable to consider changing until something forces them out of their complacency.  I'll probably start using overstock in the new year as I'd like to add to the bitcoin economy. I'll be looking out for opportunities to use bitcoin in Australia too and I am sure there are developers/business people here that are working on bringing more services out - I don't mean to say that everyone has their head in the sand and there are not some innovative people here.  The Tax Office here has not helped either - as I said we are pretty conservative and risk adverse.  People in the major cities in Australia may have a very different point of view to me.
@_date: 2014-12-23 20:27:45
Actually, I am surprised people still talk about the use of cash these days.  I rarely use cash - it is a pain in the arse.  I get paid electronically to my bank account - then to get cash I have to find a teller machine (and try to avoid paying a fee for withdrawing money).  I usually use eftpos when purchasing.  But sometimes I have a small purchase (under $10) and the merchant wont accept EFTPOS (presumably because of fees involved) - then if I don't have enough change in my wallet I have to find an ATM, get cash, trudge back and buy the thing - like a coffee, or a loaf of bread.  (I wonder how many people purchase stuff they don't actually need just to make their purchase large enough for EFTPOS).  You know, buying a cup of coffee from a small vendor that doesn't even have an EFTPOS machine would be so much easier with bitcoin.  For most purposes cash should have died ages ago - but it is just that the fees of other means are too high that it has kept going.  Things are broke and they can be fixed and whether you like it or not bitcoin or some form of crypto is coming - everywhere.  It took quite a while for card to take over from cash at the supermarket checkout.  I even remember years ago being annoyed by the occasional person in a long queue paying by card and it slowing down the checkout and thinking how much quicker it was when people payed by cash - now almost no one checks out at the supermarket with cash - at least here in Australia - the benefits of cards won out even with a bit of extra time required to checkout.  Cash also is expensive to manufacture, maintain and protect from counterfeiting etc. Cash is dead, cheques are dead, soon cards will be dead too.
@_date: 2017-08-29 07:50:08
Man - it must be so nice to be *smarter* than everyone else.  I wonder, have you *ever* been wrong about anything in your brief life (you sound about 14 yo).  All I did was raise some points that could be discussed or might be another way of thinking about things - but that really pushed your buttons - because, you have some kind of agenda going on. 
@_date: 2017-08-29 04:58:33
yep - that was all you got.  $70B currency and the level of debate you can put forward involves terms such as:
 
- "shitcoin"
- "irrelevant"
- "coked up guy in a flashy suit"
- "bzzzzz bzz"
I guess it is just me that wonders if something is wrong here?
@_date: 2017-08-26 06:21:05
You call for unity between the 2 camps (segwit and segwit 2x) but the *only* way you propose for this unity to come about is for the 2xhf to be dropped.  Given circa 90% signalling for segwit 2x why do you not consider simply honoring the NYA agreement?  That would also achieve unity and avoid the 3 chain scenario.  After all, the "do it my way or fork off attitude" resulted in the recent split which is already disrupting confirmation times at certain periods.  Does more of the same really augur well for the future?  Perhaps the signatories still see Bitcoin Segwit 2x as the main chain they want to support and feel that with 2x there will be adequate on chain scaling, but without it fees will stay high for the short term at least.  So perhaps the goals of the NYA are still being met regardless of the split that already occurred. 
@_date: 2017-08-28 23:15:43
well, you seem to have run out of any semblance of reasoned argument (let alone civility).  Is this really the best you have? 
@_date: 2017-08-28 20:52:46


? seriously - that is your answer - kill everyone that does exactly agree with you.  I guess that is one way to achieve consensus. 
I am only replying because your response is so entirely unjustified and uncalled for I refuse to let it go or give you the satisfaction of getting away with such nastiness.


All coins that are not bitcoin are shitcoins??  You do no concede that any other coin might have some unique or valuable properties that does something different to bitcoin??  I guess everyone else who works on these other coins must be both dishonest and stupid??  I just don't believe what you are saying - it is not realistic and credible.  Repeating that all alts are shitcoins over and over doesn't make it true.
@_date: 2017-08-28 10:11:55
It is an interesting problem in that those people who leave one coin to utilize another that aligns more closely with their "world view" are no longer participants in the consensus metrics.  Therefore, the consensus achieved is the consensus among those remaining - which may be eventually only a small group of like minded people.  This problem applies to users, devs, businesses, miners etc - each may have incentives or beliefs which cause them to strike out in a different direction.  Therefore, what value is such a consensus?  The longer it takes to be reached and the more divisions there are within a group makes the outcome less likely to be optimal to anyone except those that were left to reach the consensus.  An alternative metric would also examine the growth in user base, market cap, transaction volume for leading coins and try to deduce what are the features that are adding value and providing utility.  Otherwise, there is a risk of becoming more and more obsessed with minor details and missing the big picture view entirely.
@_date: 2017-08-29 06:32:40
I guess it is just me that wonders if something is wrong here?
@_date: 2017-08-25 02:16:15


Bitcoin works really well as long as you don't use it?  
I thought lightning was supposed to be ready as soon as segwit came along?
So now you are saying - by itself, segwit doesn't increase throughput and what needs to be done is to increase block size like the other coin just did? Man, this is confusing!  Wish this was all clearer *before* segwit activated - I mean, why rush it if we can't use bitcoin until the 2x comes along?
@_date: 2017-08-25 09:41:31
From what I have heard the Block size will be doubling in November (segwit 2x) - so that will finally actually reduce fees.  In a year's time there could be even more traffic than there is now - right?  Maybe LN is not an instant fix - isn't it a network that would need time to be established and to be adopted by people you want to transact with.
@_date: 2017-08-28 12:44:14


And possibly its weakness.  


Where in my paragraph did I say that??


Well - ok - if you say so...you're the boss, er I mean consensus advocate - no need for any debates, you have it all figured out. See ya.
@_date: 2017-11-13 05:41:27
thanks for your reply, I'm not panicking btw - we'll leave it there or else you might explode in apoplexy.
@_date: 2017-11-13 08:47:10
Segwit was meant to address this.  While some people argued that it would take a while to be rolled out to provide an effective size increase, others promoted it as a fix that would solve the short term problems. To date the uptake cannot provide sufficient capacity to deal with very high volume surges like we have seen. And, as you point out, growth in transactions may continue making congestion more frequent.  Meanwhile other coins are trying to capture more market share and handle larger number of transactions.  Currently I don't see bitcoin pulling a rabbit out of the hat on scaling in the short term.
@_date: 2017-11-11 07:36:54
only the anointed ones are allowed to play with their rods?  everyone else cannot be trusted to move the rods slowly and only at propitious moments of planetary alignment, etc....you wouldn't understand...it's techinical
@_date: 2017-11-11 01:10:58
stop being reasonable, people here are frightened, don't take away their irrational blame target otherwise they might start having self-doubts, and that is too confronting.
@_date: 2017-11-11 12:37:31
Too late to ask that question now.  Rome is burning...Hate to say I told you so - but, shucks, I told you so...oh wait , no I didn't because I don't post on this site normally due to the way it operates.  Anyhow, enjoy your victory over what was a rational proposal.  Know that people who claim to have your best interests at heart really don't.  They used you and abused your trust for their own ends.  Get out while you still can, if you can...
@_date: 2017-11-13 00:48:44
lots of people here can probably explain it better than I.
Miners perform calculations based on a particular algorithm and based on the contents of a block of transactions in order to find a number which is below a certain threshold (known as the difficulty).  The threshold (difficulty) is adjusted every 2016 blocks so that the task the miners perform results in a discovery roughly every 10 minutes.  When a miner discovers a block with its transactions he has put inside it and a variable number that he uses to retry the algorithm until it succeeds he then announces that block to the network of miners who validate that he did indeed provide a valid input to the algorithm whose result is below the current threshold difficulty value.  The miner includes a transaction that pays out to himself - and thus earns a reward.
As the bitcoin price increases the reward increases, making it profitable for more miners to buy equipment and start mining.  Thus the marginal cost of mining always trends towards the rewards gained.
Miners have a lot of costs to run their farms - they probably borrow money for the hard ware, they have high electricity costs and so on.
Miners are incentivized to produce valid blocks because if they don't their blocks will be rejected - causing a huge waste of their money.  Miners are also incentivized to not gain too much market share because if they are producing most of the blocks who is left to ensure that they are doing the right thing?- this would diminish trust in the coin - resulting in decrease in value and therefore causing the miner to lose money.
When miners move their equipment to mine another coin then the rate at which new blocks are found will no longer be 10 minutes on average.  Since most blocks are full even when they are produced at 10 minute intervals the potential for backlogs then arise.  Since space is limited to 1mb of transactions per 10 minutes on average, people start to pay higher fees to jump the queue - this can result in unpredictable fees and unpredictable times for your transactions to go through.
@_date: 2017-11-13 00:31:33
Miners that do not seek to attain optimal profits are at risk of being outcompeted by those that do.  Bitcoin mining always moves toward mining costs being near to value of coins mined.  The fact that a miner is placed in this position in the first place is concerning.  What state would bitcoin's transaction queue be in were it not for these actions?  How long is this sustainable?
@_date: 2017-11-12 22:33:12
mining is supposed to be incentivized by profits, miners are supposed to go where they make best returns.  If an established coin like bitcoin has to rely on a miner forgoing optimum profits just to keep the chain growing at some kind of pace then surely that is a very bad sign.  Doesn't anybody else think that something is deeply wrong with bitcoin and how vulnerable it has become to congestion?
@_date: 2017-11-16 09:16:07
well, if it is so poor a model it should fail - why do you need to get so angry about it - just leave them to fail. why would you expect a brand new fork to have high transaction volumes when businesses haven't even had time to adopt it?  I remember the early days of bitcoin when every time a new cafe accepted bitcoin there was great excitement and people talking about updating coinmap.  Bitcoin took years to grow in volume - and you feel it is valid to criticize another fork that is like a couple of months old.  It has a market cap 600% of the 5th largest coin which has been around for years too.  I fail to see how after 8 years or so a block size of (up to) 8mb is actually in itself a major risk of centralization - particularly as it is likely going to take years before blocks are regularly anywhere near that size.  There was a Cornell study that conservatively assessed 4mb block as being fine and that was years ago now. The fact is if right now bitcoin spun 4mb blocks there would never be backlogs, there would be predictable transaction times, predictable sub $1 fees and volume attacks would be far harder to achieve as most of the time blocks would be only partly filled - and none of that would prevent anyone from working on layer 2 solutions etc. - all it would do is make things smoother until they are ready.  
@_date: 2017-11-13 05:51:37
literally all of your posts with me have been character attacks and abuse on myself or others.  I don't see how that reflects badly on *my* ability to hold a conversation or, for that matter, on my IQ - except in continuing to engage with you my IQ may be adjudged lower than I'd like. So goodbye.
@_date: 2017-11-13 04:37:42
gosh - thanks for your vitriolic reply, I guess...
the world is awash with greedy fucks - if bitcoin is vulnerable to attack by them and their attack is exacerbated by congested blocks then perhaps something is not right with the current bitcoin implementation.  There is no spare capacity in bitcoin - so it has a vulnerability.  Raging about it and blaming particular personalities is really quite childish.
I don't think it is just Roger Ver and Jihan Wu that are operating alone.  There seems to be wider concern.
@_date: 2017-11-12 02:08:17
oh - there is more than 1 type of security - didn't anyone tell you this over here - just as there is more than 1 kind of  risk and "attack".
for instance.  if a product becomes ubiquitous and indispensable for people's day to day living then it is secure from removal unless a better alternative is found.  
on the other hand, you can have a very secure safe that nobody uses because it is too expensive buy and too heavy and large to install in your home.
Security is not an absolute thing it is a conglomeration of competing benefits, priorities and risks.
The debate about some "pure" form of decentralization has been very one dimensional and focused too narrowly.  What point an absolutely secure entity that no one uses?
What bitcoin is vulnerable to is a hardfork, keep POW and enhance the properties "attack"  - otherwise known as an upgrade.  When value and hash moves over to the hard fork the original coin is at risk of dying.  Refusal to adapt bitcoin in the interim period in a modest way and to prevent massive usability problems has exposed it to being outcompeted by a branch. 
Worrying about centralization is wrong - we should be focusing on decentralization via making every government and business reduce the friction in their systems by adopting it and making every country want to be part of it.  If you want to verify your transaction you should be able to reference hundreds of different information providers - they can't all collude - instead of feeling you need to run your own pissy little node - that is a joke.
The bigger concern is not the number of nodes or miners it is the makers of the bitcoin ASIC hardware - that is very prone to centralization - no one is addressing this and I don't have a simple answer either.  People like Vitalik are working on these hard problems - rather than spending their time shitting on everyone around them.
@_date: 2015-09-28 13:12:15
seriously?  You see the number of transactions increasing to fill bigger and bigger blocks (and therefore the importance of the bitcoin network massively increasing) and you still imagine that it will only ever be supported by home computers running nodes.  Have a look at the rate of growth of mining power and tell me that given incentive things don't change dramatically.  I would expect that when the bitcoin network becomes a big deal to governments and institutions you would see major institutions running nodes.  I am surprised that university IT departments are not already looking to run their own nodes.  These organisations can actually organise to have connections able to download significant amounts of data.  Also, data is more and more central to current and future economic activity - we are going to see a massive need in many areas to increase communication speeds.  Don't predict the future based on the recent past. And don't imagine that the actual presence of bitcoin and its requirements cannot influence future directions as well.  (eg Massive connections have been laid to enable high speed share trading). I feel your implications of your charts to be well-intentioned but  somewhat simplistic.
@_date: 2016-10-17 01:30:13
@_date: 2016-10-17 01:26:51
Agree - every day that goes by we seem to be getting further and further from what I think satoshi's original vision was.  The notion of concentrated power in the hands of a few, behind the scenes agreements and collusion and large sums of money used to force changes through is nothing like a broad distributed voting process of changes based on their merits.  If we wanted the powerful to get their way always and demonize the dissenters we could have just stayed with centralized banking. The tone of discussions here is appalling. 
@_date: 2016-10-17 01:29:44
Uh - yeah - that could have been peacefully agreed to about a year ago.  But, we were all told that was too dangerous.  (which I don't happen to believe).
@_date: 2016-10-17 00:45:57


and just who are "we"?
@_date: 2016-10-16 22:24:38
wow - can you not see that it is attitudes like these that make people concerned about the leadership and direction of core and blockstream?  I'm hoping you get your ass burned - it might teach you a lesson.
@_date: 2015-11-09 08:58:49
Presumably the standard of due diligence is higher for a public fund manager than private ones.  So one supposes they have some basis which they feel they can defend for taking a position in bitcoin. I also imagine that the fund managers keep an eye on what each other are doing.  It seems to me to be a very positive sign and hopefully more public funds will also look into it.  Many funds manage very large portfolios.  (I couldn't imagine an announcement like this a couple of years ago and yet now it seems to pass with barely a comment.  Bitcoin and the Blockchain has come a long way.)
@_date: 2015-11-05 23:06:20
I'm confused - hasn't bitcoin already proven that transactions and business can reliably take place without trust? What is she talking about?   
@_date: 2015-11-06 00:56:37
However, she does use quite pejorative/demonizing  language - "those new technologies" are apparently the things that "abuse and take advantage" of the (benefits of) anonymity.  (unlike um cash?) 
@_date: 2015-11-09 22:36:36
This story has hit reddit worldnews a few times and is up there again - a lot of what I consider ill-informed opinions being put up there.  Would it be reasonable to suggest some bitcoin subscribers head over and provide a bit of balance to some of the view points?  There are also a lot of people who don't know anything about it who could use some rational concise information.
not sure how to cross post on reddit - here is a link
@_date: 2016-10-17 01:01:00
Sorry for asking a serious question - given your infantile response I won't waste any more of your or my time.  
@_date: 2017-05-23 10:21:58


Gosh - if only there was a measure that couldn't be faked easily...like, you know, hash.  Or, for that matter, coin price.
You see, when miners continue to do the wrong thing by the community then interest in the coin will drop and price will drop - especially relative to other coins - this price drop hurts the miners and encourages them to adopt proposals that increase the coins utility.  It is not easy to make a prolonged and sustained price signal in the market - it is not easily faked - so the miners know that their actions are not supported.  Similarly, it is not easy to gain majority hash - no one player can do it and so no one mining pool can force a change.  But as more mining pools adopt a proposal which they find beneficial then hash for that proposal increases.  This makes bitcoin highly resistant to a small group of people hijacking its protocol.
It is in miners interest to adopt changes that improve the price of the coin and ensure its long term viability - not doing that just results in them shooting themselves in the foot.  Miners wish to entrench the use of bitcoin by broadening its user base and increasing its utility and therefore price while at the same time ensuring the integrity of the ledger.  I believe as users this is in our interest too.  The more businesses and users that directly connect to bitcoin the harder it is to shift to some other coin - it is the network effect, which is most easily demonstrated by considering facebook and why people would be reluctant to move off it - because they could no longer connect with friends and family - and it is too difficult to coordinate everyone to move en masse.
Putting too much reliance on a second layer solution is antithetical to what I have just explained about the network effect.  Once you have worked out the technical solution for lightning then the underlying coin becomes more or less just an anchor or a settlement layer.  It is easy enough to just switch from one lightning network to another based on some other coin if the settlement coin you are using starts to become less relevant.  I am not arguing against building second layer solutions on top of bitcoin, I am merely warning against viewing these as the panacea solution to all scaling problems.  And my guess is that the reason miners argued so vehemently for a simultaneous blocksize increase (in addition to segwit) is that they want it proven that there is an ability *and willingness* to scale bitcoin on chain in a most basic way.  To this date there has not been a willingness to treat their concerns with genuine consideration - in fact, promises made to them, which many stuck to in good faith (despite plenty of evidence that the promise was not being kept), were most decidedly broken.  I ask you, what would you do in their situation? Moreover, not only were they not listened to they have been repeatedly attacked - these are the people that have taken care of processing transactions, until quite recently even willing to process a good number for free.
A year and a bit ago a minimal blocksize increase hardfork was rejected and the proponents vilified.  A hardfork of such nature was deemed controversial - despite there being considerable interest by miners and a number of keystone businesses.  And yet here it is being considered to do an unproven and controversial manoeuvre which may totally fail.  How is this good for bitcoin and its reputation.  If it succeeds it has merely been proven that a social/political movement can force change upon the network because they feel "justified" - this is damaging to the picture of bitcoin as a reliable shock proof entity.  If it fails and chaos ensues then it is the same outcome.  If it succeeds, the network will still be choked and there will still be people pushing for on-chain scaling.  
There has already been over a year of chaos - brought to you by people such as Luke-jr who stubbornly refuse to consider a block size hard fork - thus guaranteeing that it will be controversial.  Why create yet more chaos?  Perhaps it is time to step back from the brink of yet more craziness.  We have seen the market capital of alt coins explode as a result of this deadlock and lack of compromise - that capital value - those billions of dollars could have been bitcoins market capital - could have been directed to your bitcoin holdings - enriching you for believing in bitcoin - but that has been effectively squandered and stolen from bitcoin holders by Luke and Greg and Adam Back - so that they can push their own agenda - as they have never believed in bitcoin's ability to scale on-chain to Visa levels so they saw an opportunity to form a company to explore second layer solutions.  But bitcoin does not need to scale to VISA levels today or tomorrow - it merely needed to scale sufficiently to allow continued early stage growth and become highly entrenched as the predominant coin - this is now being put at risk.
It is not the miners who are the enemy that must be forced to follow - it is the leadership of core that has set up this conflict and brought bitcoin community into chaos.  Whatever anyone's technical skills are it does not follow that they are necessarily good leaders.
@_date: 2016-10-24 01:02:23
if you lack any kind of imagination and vision about what bitcoin could become then it is a wonder you got involved at all.  back when the price was less than a dollar were you ridiculing the prospect of it becoming worth 1000s some day?
@_date: 2015-10-31 01:02:06
I suggest the convention "The Blockchain" or "The Bitcoin Blockchain" should be consistently used unless it is some other blockchain in which people should say "a blockchain"  that way we will know whether they are referring to the real deal or some privately run consortia crap.  Half the articles that are written I cannot easily tell whether it is referring to using the real Bitcoin Blockchain or some proprietary implementation.  I am not at all interested in alternate blockchains - though I can see why a-holes in the banks might try to get their own network up and running (doomed to eventually fail - by the way). The term "Intranet" is used to distinguish between a private http network and the public "Internet". We need some similar convention - so it is easier and quicker to identify the idiotic / malevolent actors.
@_date: 2015-11-09 09:16:33
He is basically giving standard advice for high risk investments so if it all turns to custard no one is going to come after him with a hatchet.  Another way to look at it is to buy small amounts regularly with money you can spare - eg cut back on some things you don't need and divert it to bitcoin - if things don't work out you haven't really lost anything significant.  As long as you are prepared to take responsibility for your own decisions do what you feel is wise - just don't blame others if it doesn't work out.  I buy a bit more btc now and then - bitcoin/blockchain is a once in a generation revolutionary idea that I get excited about everytime I think about its possibilities or hear about new ideas being developed.
@_date: 2017-05-23 14:35:29


Yes - that is correct.  But they can only make profits when the coins are valuable enough to cover the cost of running a mine and paying back any loans they undertook to purchase the equipment. A rising bitcoin price incentivizes new miners to enter the mining game and helps add security and mining diversity to the network.  A sinking price due to loss of confidence causes miners to go out of business or mothball machines when power is expensive and that decreases the security of the network.  Over the long term the self interest of miners is aligned with the interest of users otherwise they will go broke. Users are interested in utility, security and scarcity - bitcoin has lost some utility and I think probably failed to innovate as rapidly as other coins. If users were to sell bitcoin en masse miners would go broke very rapidly.
While you may have invested a few hundred or a few thousand in buying bitcoins, miners have invested millions.  They have skin in the game and need to be careful about what they do.  This is why it took them so long to come out against the core road map, despite mutterings of discontent over many months - it is a very unusual step where they feel backed into a corner.  But I understand it is easy just to blame them. 
The guy we used to all talk about with respect and awe - Satoshi Nakamoto - very wisely introduced a tapering block reward system in order to bootstrap the bitcoin network - at first it is easy to mine lots of bitcoins and they are not worth much. As the reward amount drops the expectation would have been that the rising price would still mean a fairly consistent and valuable reward for miners.  The reward period is the opportunity to grow the user base and enables a grace period of low or no fees - very clever.  We are squandering this grace period, this ramp up period, by introducing an unplanned and chaotic fee market situation - which occurred even before segwit was ready. Without organic onchain growth over and above the small increase segwit offers there is a real danger of turning potential users away.
What must be understood is that artificially constraining the transaction volume allows other coins to offer faster transactions at lower costs than bitcoin - thus, unfortunately, making them an attractive alternative. The miners understand this and not only are users diversifying into alt coins (witness the explosion in market capitalization of alts), but so are miners (and businesses also).  As more mining is attracted to alt coins so they become increasingly secure which in turns makes them a more attractive item to invest in, businesses start providing more services - and so on it goes.
@_date: 2017-05-23 14:56:07


Well at last glance I saw BTC.Top, Bitcoin.Com, GB Miners, Slush (part), Canoe, Bitclub and ViaBTC were also signalling the same as bitmain.  Are you saying that bitmain controls all these mining pools? That is a matter of concern as they are currently running at near 50% hash over the last 144 blocks. Perhaps you could stick to a cogent argument or post based on facts rather than hyperbole and emotion? 


I'm sorry, but I feel miners have the right to exercise their choice and operate their businesses as they see fit.  Just as we have a right to buy or sell coins. So I won't be able to get back to you on this matter as I won't be taking anything up with them.