@_author: papenshtross
@_date: 2013-12-27 04:54:39
Thanks for your caustic remark my fellow friend. Are you from Russia? =) 
This obvious thing, that only the one who has certain shortage trying to find it in others.
I wish you best of luck with your practice!
As to your last apprehension, there is a huge network of people supporting the revolution  connected all over the world who are proving the opposite. If you're really interested, the investigation will take you 5 mins to have the proof.
@_date: 2013-12-26 02:00:03
There is no point of debt raised any more. Obviously, short term financial aid doesn't resolve the problem at any point. 
In order to raise own economics Ukraine needs to be competitive on the global market. By trading with Russia the standards of the products remains on the same low level. Business satisfies the demand, not vice versa. IT is probably the only highly competitive area in Ukraine and because it operates on Eastern market. 
The nation understands that in order to raise the economy we need to throw ourselves from this rotten "comfort zone" and enter the global market. It will not be easy. Who said it will be? 
@_date: 2013-12-26 00:22:19
About BTC and Revolution: 
@_date: 2013-12-27 05:03:05
Yes, that's true that Kiev is getting the spotlight, since most of the people are gathering there. Yet, there are demonstrations and actions being taken all over the country.
I'm not 100% sure you understand it in a right way. Do you want to see the rivers of blood behind "Revolution"? Even though there is a blood has already shed, - "Revolution is a fundamental change in power or organizational structures that takes place in a relatively short period of time" This is what happening back in Ukraine right now.
@_date: 2013-12-26 06:29:45
Thanks for suggestions, we will update this
@_date: 2013-12-27 04:58:12
Please see my comments from above, I don't see the point in this remark
@_date: 2013-12-26 02:10:25
As I mentioned, now it's the point for Ukrainian nation where we don't choose the path towards any the powers but where we're not letting turn the country into the prison.
The President who is still in power is former mugger with prison records. He's building the country by prison model. The protests were the point where government shown it's "real" face.
We will build the country with or without EU. The point now is to show that the will of Nation should be respected. Show it in such way so any next governor that will come remember this.
@_date: 2013-12-26 17:28:33
Thanks for your kind words =) I have been hearing these type of opinions a lot. Unfortunately either it characterize the people as week or the one who afraid to do something. It's the choose either to do something or to keep silent and eat it forever. It's similar to the situation then someone punch you into face. The one option to say that it's to strong to do anything with it and stick with a "sheep" position. The other to do something with that, find the way how to handle that, to show that the people have proud and couldn't be treated like that. I assume you've already chosen your path in similar situation?
@_date: 2013-12-26 01:43:45
I understand your point,
There is a tracking of funds/expenses: 
Other than that, our colleagues visualized some supplies that have been already delivered 
Other than that, there are recent videos/bills being added. You can track this activity on the FB page you mentioned 
As I mentioned, this is a large network of Ukrainian Americans from SF, NY, WC and other cities of the world and we're all linked together via social networks
Apart from that, as you understand, we wouldn't like to advertise the movement from official prospective since participants are still going to visit Ukraine at certain point and it's real threat of repressions to be applied
@_date: 2013-12-27 04:50:06
That's true, Russian manufactures the amount weapon that being sold for around 13 bills USD. That's pretty much the same amount Putin gave to Yanukovich as a "bandage help". Compare these numbers to the whole budget of Russia. Let me know, what conditions should be met in the world in order to make weapon business let Russia survive without oil?
Who told you my fellow friend that Ukraine has no middle class? Do you live there? You could see 2 millions of middle class citizens just in the centre of the Kiev gathered in December.
I'm currently far from Ukraine, that's true. Yet, I born there, lived all my life there and would prefer my children to live there. For that I fight.
@_date: 2013-12-27 05:33:52
I'm Ukrainian and I don't see the point in your remark
@_date: 2013-12-26 17:40:06
I totally agree with your point they only time will tell. Yet, as I mentioned above the point is not to chose any power to join anymore.
If you're talking about EU vs Russia, do you know what the all source of Russian income? Any manufacture? Unfortunately not, the only source is Oil/Gas. While the prices hight - Russia could survive. Other than that, I hope you understand that the amount is limited.
 The people who're doing revolution in Ukraine are strong middle class, thinkers and intelligence if the nation. They don't think about instant profit and how to finish their lives in wealth. They're looking at further generations of Ukrainian people. What we will bring them apart from dependency from Russian nature resources?
@_date: 2013-12-27 05:18:48
I don't think that your statement regarding the visas has any sense. Or you're trying to tell me that you have some specifics as to the Ukrainian Nation itself?
That's true regarding the rage, a lot of people were forced to get back to their work to support the ones who left. Yet, the state of things will never be ordinary any more. Maidan stays and people fight, the system is slowly falling into pieces. 
The last statement is a classics from post soviet propaganda. It's the statement - "do your simple job, keep silent, do nothing about things that happening around". Do you really think it's possible to build the country with this level of national mentality? The level of responsibility for the things that happening around? Probably it is but I doubt it could be called "Country" after all. 
@_date: 2013-12-27 05:28:15
Let me comment on your statement from your prospective my fellow friend. Regular people have chosen the group that at least have some morale. That is not throwing the repressions. The Nation wants to change the way we live. Obviously, there are interests behind any politics, it's not the point. The point here is whose interest brings the future to the "real" people and not criminal elite.
@_date: 2013-12-26 01:44:24
The initial seed was planted by the fact that President Yanukovich refused to sign the agreement for the country to become a member of European Union. He leant towards Russian Trading Union instead in exchange of 15 billion dollars Putin offered as a "bandage" support. This means for Ukraine to be a vassal of different country. The nation has chosen the different path towards freedom from Russian influence. That was the point when students thrown their first demonstrations.
Now, after repressions and violence the government applied to peaceful protesters, we're fighting against the attempt to turn the country in totalitarian zone.
For Ukraine it's the edge right now, either we build democratic country or make a huge step backward to soviet times and Russian type of dictate even worse that it has ever been before.