@_author: paragawn
@_date: 2014-11-11 19:08:23
I'm an MIT undergrad who got his bitcoin about a week ago, though Id probably be horrible at answering questions.
Don't know why some people are so skeptical of the study, the only shady part was that I was led to believe wed get it at the beginning of October but got it at the beginning of November instead.
In case anyone is curious, every undergrad basically got a personalized link to begin participating in the study. At any point we can end our involvement and keep the bitcoin, but all we are asked to do is fill out surveys every now and then. They contain questions such as "What do you believe the main purpose of bitcoin is?", "In the next month, do you think bitcoin will rise or fall in value?" etc
So far ive done only two, the first being the initial setup survey that took about 10 minutes, the second took 10 seconds.
Also, we're basically told we can do anything with the bitcoin (iirc) but we'll be dropped from the study if we use it for illegal uses.
Personally I hope to use it for peer to peer transactions, rather than use it at stores. Some of my friends want to hold onto it for a long time, few want to cash it out. Others also want to use it p2p for favors ans whatnot.
Hope this helps!
@_date: 2014-11-11 20:10:29
Yeah I'm pretty sure that's it. It wasn't stated "We will then report you to the authorities", which I would take to imply that they will find out if you are caught by the authorities and they are made aware of it (and the bitcoin could be traced back through wallets)
@_date: 2014-11-11 19:26:48
Afaik, we can't access our submitted responses, so I won't be able to. And all of the questions are purely opinion (so thanks for the offer, but that won't be necessary :p ).
@_date: 2014-11-12 05:52:31
Some people just forgot to sign up for it since it was only open for the weekend. Also, we had the option of encrypting our wallet when we sent them the address, and a lot of people had trouble using PGP encryption and ended up forgetting to resolve it. I personally haven't met anyone who didn't care about receiving the bitcoin.