@_author: paradoxx0
@_date: 2019-03-12 17:39:48
But how many Bolivars can I get for my $1,000,000,000,000 Zimbabwe dollar note?
@_date: 2019-06-27 14:15:33
Correct.  I then sold the 1 BCH (which was worth about 10% of BTC at the time) and ended up with 1.1 BTC.
Actual numbers were different, but I gained 10% for nothing.
@_date: 2019-10-29 04:20:25
Only if a majority of miners agree.  Which they won't agree to raising/removing the cap because it would devalue the bitcoins they already hold.  But what they will eventually agree to is to alter the blockchain to allow greater precision, so that you can own fractions of a satoshi.
@_date: 2019-06-26 21:26:02
Well, I sold the bitcoin cash I had from the fork when it came out and bought bitcoin with it, got about 10% more bitcoin for nothing
So yeah, in a way it does self-replicate
@_date: 2019-02-22 21:21:01
Your understanding is wrong.  The word "fiat" literally means *decree*.  Someone in authority (government) must decree it to have value for it to be a fiat currency.
@_date: 2019-10-29 17:40:56
Actually it's the mining pools that get to decide.  And I would be very surprised if the pool owners did not have some bitcoin reserves that they keep for appreciation.
@_date: 2019-06-03 16:44:51
The flaw in your logic is that the same argument applied at $1000/bitcoin and $10/bitcoin and 10 cents/bitcoin.  Back in 2010, you could have said "The only way bitcoin will reach $1000 in price is if there's a massive collapse of the dollar."
Why was that not true?  Why did bitcoin reach $1000 despite no collapse of the dollar?  For one simple reason:  bitcoin was undervalued prior to that, based on its popularity/adoption and its utility.
So the same answer applies to your argument now.  Bitcoin is still "finding its proper pricing point."  It does not require a collapse of the dollar.  Your argument would only be true if the current price of bitcoin was its true proper price relative to the dollar.  But we don't know it has gotten to that point yet.  It may still be undervalued.
@_date: 2019-12-03 20:25:13
Well let's start at the beginning.
Zero (0) is the additive identity, a representation of the null set (or at least the cardinality of the empty set), the only number that is neither positive nor negative (or both positive and negative, depending on your viewpoint), the first natural number, the only non-positive natural number, the lowest ordinal number, the number used to represent false in propositional logic, and on and on.
One (1) is the first positive number, the multiplicative identity, the only non-zero number that is represented by itself in any base (including binary, decimal, hexadecimal, etc), the "unit" number for normalizing vectors, the first figurate number of any kind, the first number in the Fibonacci and many other mathematical sequences, the probability of a certain (or "almost certain") event, and on and on.
Two (2) is the first even number, the first prime number, the only even prime number...  the list goes on.
As it turns out, every single number that exists is "interesting", because if that weren't so, then there would be a smallest non-interesting number which would make that number interesting by having that property -- proof by contradiction that all numbers are interesting.
Taking an arbitrary number like 73 and listing some interesting properties about it is cute, but of no value.  It's like some Da Vinci code experiment where you say, aha, "William B Gates III", when written in ASCII, and totalled up, equals 666!  I knew it, Bill Gates is the anti-Christ!  No, you're just selecting a seemingly interesting property from a nearly infinite array of properties -- in any sufficiently large set of properties, there are always going to be some interesting ones, but it's just coincidence, a result of the law of large numbers, not anything useful.  Given a large enough probability space, "extremely unlikely" events occur rather frequently.  You can pick any number, or any text you want, even the full unabridged works of Shakespeare, and almost certainly (though it hasn't been proven) find a position in the digits of pi that gives you that number (or text encoded as a number).  The doesn't prove anything either, except that irrational numbers are a little weird and that given the law of large numbers, you can find the most unlikely thing imaginable as long as you select from a box containing a large enough set of possibilities.
@_date: 2019-12-03 16:40:51
Yeah, you could believe it's "program and control man".  Or you can know the history that it was originally called "Puck-man" but they changed the "u" to an "a" when they brought it to the US because they thought (probably correctly) that Americans would vandalize the machines by changing the P in Puck to an F.
Black Mirror is definitely a good show though.
@_date: 2019-12-03 16:37:15
It's from an episode of the Big Bang Theory, Sheldon Cooper says it.
And it's garbage.  There are an infinite number of numbers that have a greater number of interesting properties than that.
@_date: 2019-09-04 21:06:03
The yield curve, like economists, has correctly predicted 7 of the last 3 recessions.
@_date: 2019-05-18 02:18:03
The point of the lightning network isn't to be a better centralized currency than the dollar (because it isn't).  The point *also* isn't to be a better decentralized currency than bitcoin (because it isn't).
The point is merely to offload demand from the main bitcoin network.  It functions as a pressure valve.  Actually, altcoins also function for this purpose.  I personally avoid them, but the simple fact that they exist and get used by *somebody* gives more breathing room for bitcoin proper.
Bitcoin has some very useful properties as a currency.  I don't think anyone denies that.  But if bitcoin is too popular, it chokes.  It needs to limit its own usage so that blocks don't expand out of control.  Imagine if bitcoin transactions were free -- the blockchain would get spammed endlessly and would inflate so badly that it would be useful to no one.  But transactions that are too expensive also are bad for bitcoin's utility and adoption.  Altcoins, the lightning network, and the fact that you can still engage in commerce with traditional transactions like the dollar, all contribute to bitcoin finding an equilibrium between "too expensive" and "too cheap".  As bitcoin gets too expensive, people use the alternatives more.  As it gets too cheap, people abandon the alternatives and start using the main blockchain.  This is what is known in biology as symbiosis, and in business as synergy.
The lightning network on its own is not a very impressive way to conduct commerce -- the dollar is better at that.  And bitcoin on its own suffers from being a victim of its own popularity.
To see the true potential here, to see the forest for the trees, you must consider them together.
Here's something I've learned in my life that's useful:  If you disagree with a large number of people about something and can't understand how they could possibly think the way they do, check your assumptions.
@_date: 2019-05-17 23:15:01
Lightning network solves that problem once it gains wider adoption