@_author: parchmune
@_date: 2019-11-10 03:22:25
12 Slavyanski boulevard, Shumen, Bulgaria. OP is the owner.
@_date: 2019-09-27 12:31:16


The US government requires you to remit payments of US taxes in US dollars. This creates a baseline demand for US dollars: anybody doing business in the US will NEED some US dollars at some point.
Note that a comparable baseline demand exists for all important non-fiat mediums of exchange, both current and historical. Copper, iron, gold, salt, tea, silver, and gold all have the property that there is SOMETHING they can do that NOTHING ELSE can.
Also note that there is no comparable baseline demand for bitcoin. There is no purpose that bitcoin alone will serve. Nobody absolutely, positively NEEDS bitcoin for anything in particular.
@_date: 2019-09-27 17:43:56


It doesn't become any truer if you repeat it another five times.
First, true deflationary currencies always, always, ALWAYS fail. Economic history is littered with thousands of examples, ranging from cowrie shells to precious-metal coins and from literal camel shit to babysitting vouchers.
If I know with absolutely certainty that my bitcoin will keep steadily rising in value, I will make every effort not to spend it. I will try to pay my gardener in dollars, euros, pesos, bottles of beer, cans of gasoline, or bars of soap if need be. Every other bitcoin holder will do the same. Bitcion circulation will decline until institutionalized expected future demand drops to the point bitcoin is no longer deflationary. 
Second, the value of a commodity does not drop to zero as long is there is demand for it. As long as there is a US economy and people owe US taxes to the US government, the dollar has value.
You cannot fight the laws of mathematics.


You really need to stop and think this through for a minute.
You claim that blockchain tech has "immense value" as a "global accounting bedrock" because it creates an "unforgeable record of truth". But the unforgeability comes from factors such as the depth of the blockchain, the number of copies in existence, and the size of the consensus quorum relative to the numbers of parties motivated to cheat. None of these factors has anything to do, inherently, with how many different blockchains there are.
A group of companies or whatever looking to use a blockchain for its "record of truth" properties but not interested in bitcoin specifically as a currency will not use the bitcoin blockchain. They will save transaction costs and avoid unproductive tying-up of capital by building a dedicated separate blockchain.
Bitcoin is not "the worlds [sic] only" blockchain and it never will be.
Its "scarcity" is simply irrelevant when it comes to its use as an accounting system, as opposed to a store of value.
There is no connection even in theory.


Dude, stop digging. How important a given commodity is as an accounting system has nothing to do with how much an individual unit is worth. A dollar bill is worth $1. An Inverted Jenny stamp is worth $1,400,000. Both are small fungible pieces of paper adequately suited to serving as a medium of exchange, store of value, and measure of debt. Yet the former is "a global accounting bedrock" and the latter is not.




I'm not talking about proof-of-work toys with no users, I'm talking about the real world. Real money today exists mostly in the form of bits on SSDs. Bits in ginormous SQL databases, to be specific. My bank has complete control over literally ALL copies of its own accounting system. It is trivially easy for my bank to cook the record. Much, much easier than it would be if the record would still consist of ink on parchment.
My bank doesn't cook the record, though, because the social reality is that most fraudulent alterations would eventually be discovered, corrected, and sanctioned and the risks just aren't worth it for any particular person. As a society, in other words, we have collectively decided that nothing even remotely resembling unforgeability is worth its drawbacks.
Nobody needs a "record of truth". Even bitcoin fanboys didn't discover "record of truth" until after it had become obvious that bitcoin was a failure as a currency.
"Record of truth" is a post-hoc rationalization invented by the bagholders of a failing cult.
EDIT: grammar
@_date: 2019-09-27 15:10:23


Nothing circular to see here, and the threat of violence doesn't care about your feelings.
If you help yourself to the benefits provided by the US economy and the US legal system but refuse to contribue to its maintenance, the US government will send men with guns to harrass you until you pay up. If you try to remove the US government, the US government will lob explosive ordnance at you until you go away. Either way the US dollar will continue to work as a currency with a robust lower bound on its value.


There are fifteen million altcoins even now and bitcoin doesn't even have any users yet.


Well, it's not an accounting bedrock as long as nobody is using it. Not a lot of people seem to have seen the light wrt bitcoin's value proposition so far, and the bitcoin community isn't doing a great job convincing anyone at the moment.
Personally, I have no idea what an "unforgeable record of truth" would be good for. If we really cared about unforgeability, we would still be using physical ledgers with ink on parchment, which provide a LOT more security against tampering than bits on SSDs. Looks like we have collectively decided to sacrifice rigid unforgeability in exchange for auditability and efficiency. It seems to be working OK.