@_author: participant09
@_date: 2016-08-11 19:21:13
problem solved
@_date: 2016-08-16 18:02:02
He simply waited, and it appears as if the second transaction went through as confirmed. In other words, MAKE SURE you have enough in your wallet to compensate the miners before sending. 
@_date: 2017-06-02 11:41:45
Hey, I think I may have a similar problem. Can you help calm my anxiety?
First Transaction
1) Some days ago, I sent the balance of my electrum wallet to my boyfriend and I included a fee of 50 sat/B. 
2) The balance of my electrum wallet hung at potentially zero for some days: 
    Balance BTC [Unconfirmed: -  Balance]
3) On the 4th day, I was so excited. My electrum wallet was no longer showing an unconfirmed balance of 0. Instead, my balance was restored to its original positive balance (+ a small additional amount I added) and there were no unconfirmed deductions displaying in the electrum GUI.
Second Transaction
4) In a state of ignorant bliss, I sent my balance to a seller's address and I included a higher fee. 
5) However, the next morning, I did some reading and I learned to check the transaction on the website, blockchain.info. When I checked, I found a cryptic message concerning my second transaction.
    Transaction rejected by our node. Reason: Transaction is trying to double spend. Input 0 is already spent.
6) Even worse, I checked for the first transaction as well. As you may have guessed, it displayed as unconfirmed. 
7) Now, my electrum wallet displays again an unconfirmed balance of 0.
I am panicking. 
First, my original transaction is unconfirmed and I presume that one consequence is that I can't get access to the holdings of my wallet without the transaction being confirmed.
Second, my second transaction was rejected. However, my electrum wallet displays an unconfirmed balance of 0 as a result of the transaction. 
Third, and more importantly, the second address that I sent to wasn't my boyfriends. The seller explicitly said that if the funds were not received at his address in a short amount of time, then he would retain the right to reject our sales agreement and any payments received at his address after the deadline would not be refunded. 
So, now I am afraid that even if my first transaction to my boyfriend is somehow dropped, then the second transaction with the higher fee will be confirmed, and I will lose all my bitcoin. So, where will my btc go? Is there anything I can do about all this? It's so scary!
@_date: 2017-06-02 12:17:35


It's spent, but it's not showing up in my boyfriend's account.