@_author: partialenlightenment
@_date: 2014-01-25 16:39:20
This is the thing mate; the world is a weird place, really fucking weird. I've got a few zeros of Doge because there is this strange chance of success, kind of reminds me of the Where's Waldo episode of Black Mirror (if you've not seen it, it's really very good, check it out).
Jokes sell, couple that with the community really pushing it in a really positive direction, you just never know. If I'm wrong, I've 'lost' a few quid, big deal, the market wants to go in that direction, but the market might decide to go off on another way.
Bitcoin is all about the freemarket, until, it seems, the freemarket threatens its value. Making it the perfect microcosm for the wider world, what I'm really looking forward to is the next 'joke' coin which does OK, starts to threaten Doge and the cycle continues. Now *that* would be really funny.
@_date: 2014-01-28 12:05:33
I hear you, although I've little idea what a Harlem Globe Trotter is, let alone a Rebecca Black. 
When I boil it all down, it's all about marketing (like the examples you gave), this world is crazy, sometimes verging on the outright stupid. Hence me investing in a crazy, possibly outright stupid idea. What's that quote? "No-one ever got rich overestimating the great British (or American, or whatever) public's intelligence" I can see how something not taking its self seriously, whether it music, sport or crypto can be grating, the same token says the other extreme is pretty annoying too.
I also think it's a great way of getting kids and families into crypto, but that's another subject entirely.
Seriously though, check this out, it's very much related...  45 minutes of your life you won't want back :)
@_date: 2014-01-25 18:35:33
You're half right, many people here, yourself included, genuinely seem threatened. It's a simple reading of the language used; name calling, belittling, etc. If people weren't so threatened, they wouldn't be so angry.
I don't think anyone's talking about threatening Bitcoin's existence, what is under threat is a certain (unknown) percentage of its value. If we were all in the *one true* crypto ship together, BTC would be a multiple or more in value right now, as a holder of Bitcoin, I can see how you would prefer that situation to what we have now.
This is what's funny, watching all this, is how quickly the anti-establishment (Bitcoin) becomes the establishment, consider how similar these attacks are to what Bitcoin saw at the beginning. The parallels are almost too perfect.
If I have 'no idea what I'm talking about', I would be happy to hear it.
@_date: 2013-11-30 10:44:07
Fair, excuse my misunderstanding, just looked all rather dystopian for a second there!
@_date: 2013-11-29 14:48:43
The moment I lost all respect for the r/bitcoin community - celebration of a funcioning tattooed barcode.
Works as art tho.