@_author: pas__
@_date: 2018-01-19 04:07:02
a graph where there is a direct edge from every vertex to every other. also called "full mesh".
@_date: 2017-12-26 18:39:48
Hmm, that's interesting. Do you have the debug log?
@_date: 2017-12-08 09:10:20
Because some assjack fuckwad regulator in the Bulgarian banking authority got nasty and said if you don't do this I'll send auditors to watch you shit for the next two weeks.
And laws be damned.
It'll be reversed.
@_date: 2017-12-21 21:40:47
People can nag whoever they want to get segwit support regardless of Core app having it. Especially since you can easily use a dedicated wallet software on your desktop (or on mobile or use a web based one), whereas Core is the reference implementation for the consensus network (mining, and running full nodes).
So you can switch to something segwit capable, but if the exchange does not support it, then it'll send out non-segwit TXs and exchanges do a lot more TXs than individuals.
@_date: 2017-12-08 09:45:37
That's why it's likely not a cartel. If it were, they would have some bullshit excuse. But because it's not something they thought up, but probably some overenthusiastic authority, so they are just waiting on what to even say.
@_date: 2017-12-26 20:00:37
More full nodes are better anyhow. That means more people sort of knowledgeable about running a full node, about the network, and so on.
It helps with spreading transactions, validating them, and so on.
The problem with 2x is that it currently makes little sense. Economically the supply of transactions is pretty much endless (remember, if fee were 0 we'd see blocks full of satoshidice transactions), so if the block becomes 8MB in weight (2MB in "size") it'll fill up in weeks.
@_date: 2017-12-08 09:54:37
What does Crippe currencies mean?
Also, I don't really see why would banks block these transfers. They make money on it. And if they have AML concerns they could voice it.
@_date: 2017-12-26 18:29:41
Core can do RPC segwit. It lacks the GUI.
@_date: 2017-12-21 18:29:23
Coinbase generates a lot of transactions. Probably more than individuals with Core wallets.
@_date: 2017-12-09 09:14:47
It wasn't illegal per se, because these offshore things are "structured" in a way to avoid IRS regulations and tax law. For example if the regulation says that you have to report every asset and they have a list of what constitutes an asset (bank account, shares in a company, etc), then the offshore company will not be yours, but you'll be a beneficiary of a foundation's grant, that's not a bank account, that's not a company, not a trust fund, etc.
But otherwise the celebs in the panama/paradise papers all reported their assets to the IRS, but it simply wasn't known to the public.
See also Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) and [2014 Offshore Disclosure](
@_date: 2015-06-08 22:10:23
The Fed will just increase the target for its benchmark instruments. Fighting off easy money is ... easy. The opposite is not so.
@_date: 2015-06-08 22:58:07
No, not just.
This is an asset bubble, just like the housing one was.
Money goes where the risk-vs-return trade-off finds a sweet spot. Nowadays fixed returns (fixed income, bonds) are all the rage.
 [page 27 for asset allocation for 2013]
Interestingly GDP/assets ratio (basically how all the investments combined value the future growth potential) has dropped and changed to a new "growth model" around 2000.
Which is not surprising, 1980 to 2000 saw the huge initial push of globalization, the fall of crazy communism, and since 2000 zero interest rate and the fruits of information technology blew up everything, with more short-term efficiency came less room for errors. (Because, I'm assuming that nowadays the financial industry is better at allocating "resources", so any productivity gain have been instantly discounted over time and its risk spread over investors. Which helped GDP growth too.)
@_date: 2014-01-04 08:30:24
Probably not RICO, as the NSA wasn't extracting money out of them, but a class action suit might be the way to pin those fuckers to all the walls in the vicinity.
@_date: 2014-10-03 23:44:08
What's the difference? (Why don't they go to a range to train? After all, I reckon, nothing is more effective than actually training with the gun and ammo you are going to use, right?)
@_date: 2014-07-09 19:21:26
But connecting to the system is not free/open. I guess you need to be a financial institution, you need accreditation, audits and whatever .. or it's just that you won't get admitted into the club, if someone vetoes you.. or you're from the wrong region of Earth (such as Iran).
@_date: 2014-09-03 10:54:26
Yes, that's why we're in a situation, that most people at best shrug at the mention of new NSA revelations, but go crazy for "JLAW". (And it's understandable, people are not abstract machines.)
@_date: 2014-06-08 12:18:34
Would you spend a few minutes to describe what's the "more complicated" part is?
@_date: 2014-06-08 12:41:37
In the original Satoshi paper? Thanks, will do.
@_date: 2014-01-04 09:28:13
Oh, interesting. I did not know that individuals have standing. Though I don't know if Google et al. would constitute private individuals, but I guess not.
@_date: 2014-01-04 08:47:44
Though, inherently dollars are worthless too. So, he is right, but that sentence doesn't carry much water anyway.
@_date: 2014-01-04 08:57:41
Voluntary, as in you are free to leave the country.
The problem is the lack of tax-free zones, where people can experiment with alternate systems :|
@_date: 2014-06-08 12:35:19
Miners have to migrate to the new protocol. You replaced bankers with miners. Fundamentally, you can't escape human weaknesses, that's why eternal vigilance should (must) be built into our society. (Education, life failure prevention (crime, disease, whatever) and self-healing (recovery support), self-monitoring (trust, but verify)  and so forth.)
@_date: 2014-08-08 16:19:21


That's not a categorically/generally/absolutely true proposition. Central bank managed economies using fiat currencies usually adopt a slightly expansive monetary policy (to keep up with demand for money as the economy expands, plus  a few percent of extra, as an added incentive for investment, currently via providing "cheaper than current market rate" loans [that's how the Fed manages the Federal Funds Rate]).
There are periods of deflation, such as in a demand shock kind of recession. When prices drop, demand for money drops, the monetary base has to be contracted to prevent runaway deflation. (But there are a lot less tools to do that, so that's just one of the reasons why central banks don't like the deflatory regime.)
@_date: 2014-07-07 20:08:40
The problem with central banking (and governance systems) is not that they exists and hurrdurr, but that they solidify, defy change and most importantly themselves slow down progress and fight innovation. Thus you can't iterate and try new solutions, new ideas, you can't adapt, hence the system is overcame, the original idea perverted, regulatory capture and the ever present problem of the human condition, corruption, stratifies society.
@_date: 2014-01-04 07:57:49
How? Currently it's a simple tax on capital gains. Track your costs to prove it you haven't just got it all for nothing. (So to prove your gains were not on a 0 basis.)
Currently you don't notice it, because merchants do it and you pay on a USD-denominated credit card, or with cash, where the gains and losses equal to the gains and losses of the whole nation, so you're not relatively better or worse off compared to others (who the tax system represents).
@_date: 2014-12-02 15:17:10
I think it's worth pointing out that from the microeconomics perspective the market is always free, just there are certain added costs (some probability of jailtime) for certain transactions. (Selling drugs, for example.)
The "free" in free market means free of intervention, free of state actors, free of state-sponsored market players. Of course this is a sort of paradox, as there is always at the least some sort of higher density nexus for the power structure doing the coordination for group decision making, but in today's "state with a central bank" backed economies we always have state actors (regulatory agencies, taxation, customs, law enforcement and so on).
So free market capitalism is theoretically just a no-regulation, no-taxation, no-central-bank economy.
In those economies it's hard to even define money, so you just convert everything to some imaginary currency. Of course, this doesn't mean that the profit motive would just sit and idle blindly, it just means there is no guarantee by use of force that issued banknotes will be in use down the road.
@_date: 2014-01-05 18:36:06
But it is .. absolute terms. Purchasing power is basically a "typical basket" of goods. It is calculated by averaging a pack of eggs (10 pieces), a loaf of bread (1 kilogram), and so on. (It is a rather [exhaustive metric](
I assumed you have some dollars too, that's why the 50 -&gt; 49 change.
Yes, I assume the value of USD relative to BTC falls, because of inflation. (Though in this case the price of gadgets in USD increases, so is the definition of inflation. So we should just talk about depreciation and purchasing power changes.)
@_date: 2014-04-21 02:37:55
It's enough if individuals have the ability to mine, they don't have to burn electricity just for the sake of it, but if half of the network suddenly goes offline, they should turn on their old school machines, and help keep the network safe and efficient.
@_date: 2014-07-10 05:19:59
Yeah, imagine that to accept the lousy credit cards you have to be PCI-DSS compliant, which costs a lot of those Benjamins. With auditors charging by the our, plus base fee of the audit. Instead of just capping your volume based on your reputation and insurance policy.
I have no problem with that, there are good resellers (from BrainTree to PayPal), but it's a numbers game, capitalism drives businesses toward efficiency, and margins are already not that big if you include all costs (and adjust for risk), thus BitCoin might be a better alternative.
And since SWIFT access is all-or-nothing, just as CC processing, you can't start small (you have to be, basically, a bank for SWIFT and bankroll a 50-100K USD on the PCI-DSS audit).
@_date: 2014-01-04 09:26:05
That's the definition. Purchasing power matters, not number of dollars in your pocket. Sum-gross-total purchasing power is 1, and you have 0.000000005. The US has, let's say 0.4, and so on. If the USD loses value, 0.4 becomes 0.3995, but you held BTC, so you stay 0.00000000049 .. so you got richer compared to average US citizen.
@_date: 2014-07-08 12:09:09
Yes, after all that's progress. I'm not worried by that. I'm worried that people are easily fooled by short-term benefits, vaporware and woo. They easily give up important things for temporary convenience.
@_date: 2014-12-02 16:00:35
Unionization at max was 35% in the 1950s, now it's at 11%.


members of unions--was 11.3 percent, the same as in 2012, the U.S. Bureau of Labor 
Statistics reported today. The number of wage and salary workers belonging to 
unions, at 14.5 million, was little different from 2012. In 1983, the first year 
for which comparable union data are available, the union membership rate was 20.1 
percent, and there were 17.7 million union workers.
Not killed, but cut back drastically.
The problem is, even in its simplest form is two-fold, you have a labor market glut in most sectors (aggregate demand grows slower than aggregate supply) which forces people to accept shitty jobs and even worse working conditions, since they lack the upper hand; the second component is that you cannot magically conjure up efficient non-capitalistic social systems, because that would require rationally optimal decisionmakers (informed citizenry).
And this is a problem where you can't just separate the two components, because they are interlinked in very subtle (and some not so subtle, as in blatantly malicious) ways, because the given and emergent interests of the groups are very misaligned (if not completely opposite) almost on every time-terms. (Short term: profit, long term: the continued existence of at least some social difference (i.e. power) in their favor.)
Currently the best bet is technology, transparency and education. And if we can believe Pinker, evolution favors altruism, because it leads to better trade which helps the involved economies which help them extend their power, and thus genes/memes.
@_date: 2014-07-08 12:07:12
It exists, you can use SWIFT, it's a cooperative wire transfer society. But it's not open. Iran got kicked out because of political reasons. Thus you are back to the corruption (of the system by other forces) problem. And it's a bit pricey, because banks like to make money on it.
@_date: 2014-01-04 08:00:56
Then they have to declare who owns how  much of the shared coin. Just as if two people would have a shop selling candy.
Escrow, also, doesn't make a difference. It's the tax actors gains and losses that matters. Who gets the coins eventually. And why it's in escrow, maybe the escrow operator invests it and they make some gains on it, and they have to report that.
@_date: 2014-04-22 21:34:57


I don't know, probably even if not impossible to come up with a protocol for it, the incentives are very hard to align. (After all fee results in direct income, and if you lower the fee you'd need to process more transactions to get to the same level of profit .. so, that's where a low barrier to entry market might lead to better results.)


In whatever protocol we came up security could be probabilistic, so then you might be able to "rank" miners.
@_date: 2014-01-04 17:31:47
Yes. And that's an obvious fail of the current system. Though if too many people wanted to donate to [Crack Baby Athletic Association]( it might become a problem.
Not to mention the other hard problems of "how much is one's fair share of the burden of others". In that I'm a hardliner, I think it should be the state's main purpose to beat the shit out of society metaphorically. (School the little fuckers, get them on the pill, help them find meaning in life and so on. And amass the necessary resources for doing this humanely, fairly, rationally and efficiently. To _handle_ this problem, not just sidestep it with laughable make-believe efforts and oh-I-give-up-on-you prisons. [Rationally and efficiently means, for example, to recognize people's limits in their innate abilities, help them curating what they are best in, and humanely, let them also do what they [think] they would like to.) But all this is very much similar to the post-modernist's wet-dream, which is tried and proven-failed in the last century. Sure, that failed to account for a lot of things we since know about human abilities, cognition and development. So, it's a delicate problem, requires much respect and self-restraint .. but at least it's not outright indifferent to the plight of fellow men.
@_date: 2014-08-08 10:03:51
If you want to save, invest in investing. (Just buy an SP500 index fund.)  Currently to maintain or increase your wealth means maintaining or increasing the relative amount of monetary instruments you hold against others'. (So the ratio is important not the actual real amount. That's why inflation is meaningless without considering purchasing power, and that's why true inflation should always be expressed in PPP (purchasing power parity).)
Also, currently, as you know we are living in a world not without risk. And it's unlikely to change. And currently we reward those who are rational risk takers. (Sane investors. People who start businesses with sane amount of debt, and fail early, to minimize the fallout, and so on.) Again, this is unlikely to change, *and* it's very likely the only correct moral approach. Because it's unfair to reward those who just park their cash in safety more, than those who are taking risks.
Okay, so notice that it's again a relative thing, it means that reward is a function of risk. More risk, more reward. But more risk should mean more risk, which is what the current system of investment so conveniently hides to the last pages of banks' balance sheets.
It'd be jolly good to figure out a way to invest (preferably with something like BTC) in a safe way that correctly attributes risk (and thus reward).
@_date: 2014-06-09 19:01:16
I'm not familiar with the details of Ayn Rand's philosophy, but I think it's irrelevant, because I have a hunch, that it's logically provable, that any human system's fate ultimately depends on the people the system is built of. Sure, there might be harder to corrupt systems (see the federal constitution of Germany, which has a few articles that cannot be removed/modified/amended without basically dissolving the federal republic itself, but still, that won't protect against a determined majority, after all, it's just a social construct), but unless you include ethical axioms and/or squishy-soft things like "caring for others" in your analysis (or system plan) you can't even point the system toward "good", because it's very likely that the end result could be corrupted, so that it adheres to the rules, yes we wouldn't find that pleasant.
@_date: 2014-08-08 10:13:39
As more people try to hold initially prices should go up. That might encourage some more people to hold, some to buy in, some to sell. It's always about equilibrium states (and their disturbances). If more and more people hold, the market dries up, seeing liquidity drop off, some people will start selling, price will go down. Some decide to sell, some decide to still hold, and so on.
The problem is when people hold against all rational reasons, so the market crashes on them, the economic activities flow around them, start getting conducted in other currencies, and they are left with a bunch of paper.
@_date: 2014-06-08 12:41:01
Well, distributed systems have these problems. How do you get miners to migrate to a new protocol, when that looks like less desirable for them? Theoretically you need miners to value soft things (human things, things other than hard cash, such as society at large, progress, helping others, blablaba), otherwise they'll get stuck in a local maxima.
[See my other reply too](
@_date: 2014-01-04 07:25:42


Someone showed an example where FIFO would be very bad. (You buy 1 BTC for 100USD, then 1 BTC for 500USD, then you sell 1 BTC for 550USD. If you think of it as FIFO, you made 450 USD, if you think of it as LIFO then you just made 50 USD and you can still have unrealized 450 USD.)
Probably the easiest would be to have 2 set of accounts, and use one for day-to-day commerce, where LIFO seems more advantageous, and use the other for investing where FIFO is probably the sensible option. Or if the IRS won't allow you something like this, then just track every transaction on those sets of accounts, but keep those sets disjoint, so you can use and argue for FIFO-like or LIFO-like bases and prices on the on and the other.
@_date: 2014-01-04 08:19:57
It's this easy.
Report your gains and done.
And your 4 point list just hides the inherent complexity of those. How much profit did you make depends on the transactions. If you want a just tax system, then it means meticulously tracking those, otherwise folks could say that they bought all their coins for 1200 USD and sold them for 1250 USD, and only made 50USD profit on each BTC. Okay, the IRS would say. But if people start declaring that they sold coins for 1000USD and made losses, then that might raise a few eyebrows. After all, what if you were just joking and actually pocketed a hefty 1000 USD profit, because you actually bought them for 120USD?
The IRS has to prove that you have unreported and untaxed gains, and just as dblcross121 said, they only act when they get evidence or "probable cause", and when it turns out someone failed to help sustain the public good infrastructure.. things turn ugly, and they start to assume that someone was trying to avoid paying their share.
So, if you want to pay your fair share, then you have to keep track of your profit. Not because otherwise the Man kicks you in the face unless you have the precious papers, but because otherwise how would you know? (And if some exchange or BTC merchant provides information, and the IRS sees that you all the sudden started to spend a lot of coins, or get rather wealthy - buying flat LED HD TVs and sportscars and whatnot - then, consistent with the fact that there are a lot of people intentionally fucking with them, they assume that you too, so then it's on you to provide proof of costs (that is provide that you've paid taxes on your income/gains and it was fully your money to spend on the TVs and cars, and not the taxpayers'))
@_date: 2014-01-04 07:12:08
The problem is your gain, not the seller's income.
You're probably wrong because, even though, all the examples up-thread talk about buying 1 BTC and selling 1 BTC. I think you are thinking of buying 1 BTC and sell only 0.0045 or whatever the milk costs in USD-calculated-to-BTC, but then you have still realized gain (or loss) on 0.0045 BTC, unless your buy and sell exchange rate was the same.


That's because value is also denominated in USD. If it were some fictional first-day-of-the-year USD2 or other virtual currency, then people would have to track the appreciation (or depreciation) of the dollar (but probably because inflation, they would only just rake up sweet-sweet losses).
@_date: 2014-01-04 07:43:36
Is there a rule of thumb, or some sort of general guideline to follow on how to stay clear of money laundering issues, while optimizing for lower taxes? (Just as large multinationals do, having subsidiaries - a rather nice name for shell corporations - here and there, streaming profits to low income tax countries, for example Luxembourg, reinvesting from there; and basically accumulating wealth out of one's home country, and only redirecting some of it back for living expenses. When this would constitute laundering?)
@_date: 2014-04-21 19:16:22
Bind them, if possible both legally and economically. Make it so that in the new system the most efficient (lowest fees, yet secure) player gets more of the rewards than the others.
@_date: 2014-08-08 10:08:00


Also, since BTC is a global currency, it should always be treated as a foreign currency with the associated exchange rate risk. Merchants should think about it beforehand, and decide which risk they would like to bear their local currency's or BTC's.
Naturally, you always should have some local currency for living expenses.
@_date: 2014-12-02 17:42:56
Why is it illegal?
Also, bitcoin is the worst kind of saving, because it decreases velocity of money. That chunk of money just sits on your wallet. Cost of capital increases, investments slow down. The status quo benefits from slow. Which is currently bad for the long term.
@_date: 2014-01-04 09:12:12
I know that it's to target organizations, and thus bring down the heads of them.
But I think using the term "RICO" is just silly. It's a criminal statue, so you can't sue them, the district attorney could.
I know nothing of any LAPD-RICO piece of information, nor am I a lawyer, so this is just my guess, but I think that was a concrete instance of LAPD officiers blackmailing people for money or other natural gains, which was known among higher ups. Thus racketeering stands. (And if you have sources at hand, I'm interested in this, sounds like a dark-comedy episode of yet again scumcops.)
@_date: 2014-06-04 12:56:18
Source for this?
@_date: 2014-01-06 21:33:34
Yes, I'm converting BTC to USD.
Sure, it can happen, it depends on the exchange rate change (for example China dumps a lot of USD on the forex market, and at the same time a lot of people buy into BTC from the sinking USD), and then the USD inflation gets corrected as time goes, but it probably won't counteract the whole rise in exchange rate (namely it won't cover the "extra" rise due to the increased demand for BTC).
And the inverse can happen too.
@_date: 2014-01-21 00:18:51
If you have kept your money in any savings account, you are no worse than back then.
@_date: 2014-01-04 17:51:59
@_date: 2014-07-02 10:34:18


This balance confirmation service is provided on this site only for the convenience of all users.
Please be aware that confirming the balance on this site does not constitute a filing of bankruptcy claims under the bankruptcy procedure and note that the balance amounts shown on this site should also not be considered an acknowledgment by the bankruptcy trustee of the amount of any bankruptcy claims of users.
Bankruptcy claims under a bankruptcy procedure will be fixed through filing of claims and the investigation procedure. The method for filing claims will be published on this site as soon as we are in a situation to announce it. 
So, that amount means nothing.
Forms will be available later.
Check back regularly.
@_date: 2014-10-05 17:43:49
I fucking hate that people can't use twitter well. You are supposed to include a link that explains what the fuck you are blabbling about. (Or reply to your own tweet, so it shows up in conversation view.)
So, anyone has .. umm. . you know that ancient thing, that  ... people of the old era used to provide .. DETAILS on their warped concept of marriage so the blockchain can accommodate it?
@_date: 2014-07-11 14:37:29
Was it the first? The article directly says that it wasn't. It was the first decentralized one.
@_date: 2014-08-08 22:56:05
I don't know why it matters what I know or not (or when the Bretton Woods system finally crashed), deal with the facts and the arguments.
[Yes, "the dollar did fall" (actually prices decreased so the purchasing power of the dollar went up). Hence the Fed intervened. Thus it climbed back.](


Sorry, I don't really follow. What's your claim exactly?
@_date: 2014-08-08 15:50:14
Just to get this cleared up once and for all, you and your wealth (and purchasing power, and your future) are constantly at risk of the actions of others.
Even if you sit on a mountain of gold, if let's say Ebola breaks out in your country, shit gets really strange veeeery very fast, prices get out of control. You can't save your purchasing power. You can't put it into a magic box that saves your lifestyle, your green lawn, or your cheap gas price at the friendly pump on the edge of town.
Saving is always understood in a context. And that is, currently, with banks, means a savings account backed by various central government guarantees. (FDIC, SEC, Fed, Comptroller and FinCEN and whatnot policies try to keep things *okay*. FDIC of course, uses a very direct way, compensates small accounts in case of a bank collapse. And the other try to keep the economy stable, predictable so your purchasing power stays *okay*.)


No. BTC is actually exposed to more factors, because it's global. It has no central authority to try to combat purchasing power fluctuation. It has a built in mechanism that gives it a predictable base, but all the other crap I just written about in the previous paragraphs applies just as well to BTC.


Yes, of course there's some causal relation, but BitCoin as a system nor BTC as a currency solves the problem completely. The blockchain is very good at keeping track of who should have how much of what, but it doesn't keep prices fixed. In times of war, for example, property law usually goes out of the window. And BTC is good, because it's an unbiased global currency, so at least it is "constant" and if the crisis blows over you have a better chance of asserting your property claims/ownership. And just like gold (also a universal good of exchange) it is accepted in a lot of places, so you can flee the place of the crisis, and if BTC is used for both local and global commerce, then you don't have to keep some of your wealth in local currency and some in global, thus your wealth is completely mobile.
But, of course, operating a global currency (system) is I'd wager requires overcoming a lot of challenges, so we have a long way ahead of us.
@_date: 2014-07-01 22:22:30
If you have any claims against MtGox (most likely if you had money, BTC or other on an account at them), you should fill out the form available on mtgox.com and send it to them, and wait for the proceedings to .. well, proceed to their conclusion!
@_date: 2014-06-08 12:25:41
Different estimates of the future, different priorities.
Fabs want money (they probably have recurring costs, rent and maintenance on equipment and so on), so they want to maximize their profit, not just sit on a pot of maybe-gold.
Sure, there are probably some fabs where all the capacity is spent to build miners and they themselves use it.. but maybe they'd run out of capital (moniez) faster, because an ASIC costs more than it makes in X months, so they couldn't just keep hooking up new miner boxes to a pool and put the incoming cashflow back to the factory.
@_date: 2014-07-07 20:37:45
A blockchain backed faster clearing house. Basically batching up small transactions and only executing them in bulk.
Banks get 1-4 percent of total traffic (swipe fees, [1]( [2]( [3]( [4]( then they pay the operating costs (payroll, infrastructure, marketing, sales, private jet, whatever, fraud, and so on) and finally pocket something.
But let's see VISA, which is behind banks, and makes a shit ton of money.
 and  - total traffic was 18 834 000 000 payment and 3 810 000 000 cash (withdrawal from ATM) transactions (so total 22 644 000 000 transactions), representing 1 727 000 000 000 USD (on average one transaction was 76.2 USD, which seems a very crude estimate and .. different regions should be taken into account, so it's probably multiple bell curves clumped together with cash withdrawals probably skewing it to the right, after all you don't withdraw just 5 USD).
Okay, so on this they made 1 462 000 000 USD revenue. That means of the total transaction volume (1 720 billion USD, they skimmed off 3.163 billion USD, that's less than 0.2% of the total transaction volume)
So, VISA actually appears small fry compared to the banks that take ~30 billion USD a year (that's ~7.5 on average, but end-of-year is always boosted by Xmas, so it's probably 9 in Q4 and 6 in Q1 or so, and this was a Q1 VISA report.. only accounting for 1.4 billion USD in service revenues .. which is not that bad, considering there is also AMEX and MasterCard, plus all the banks themselves).
Anyway, it'll be interesting to scale BTC-based decentralised pure online finance.
@_date: 2014-06-08 12:19:30
You could just send to yourself.
@_date: 2014-01-04 07:53:37
Why? The gist is quite simple. If you gained wealth relative to the most average US citizens (who conduct all of their business in USD, and their employer deducts and files their tax-stuff), then you should help fund the collectively decided public good infrastructure.
*IF* the IRS were a hones and good faithed player, this would be a rather just system.
Also, compared to what we have to put up with (one of the highest tax rate countries, hello Hungary -- [compare]( 39% with the US's 27%, and we're no Norway either, though we have universal healthcare, but only very-very inadequate food stamps-like systems), it's quite straightforward and acceptable.
@_date: 2014-08-08 20:18:11
Yes, there is not a single year-on-year average, because the Fed does its thing. But it's not magic, there [are/were big price drops](
You can chose not to argue theory, but the moment you extrapolate, interpolate, or explain from facts you are building a model and by definition you theorize. It tells us nothing that the CPI was above zero year on year average for the last 40 years, because the simplest model that just claims that it will always be above 0 just means that then we claim that there will be no wars, no coming recession will be serious enough to show up on the average, and so on, so with these assumptions it's pretty easy to chose a great investment strategy, and just buy stuff that's tied to YoY CPI and so on.


Also, I hope it's okay, that I've chosen to interpret this as the real value of the dollar, because the CPI is changing a lot, it's the rate of change, and it's not accelerating.


I don't think that's a useful statement. Economics is influenced by politics, so is everything else that has a human element, and even a lot of things that doesn't! (After all we put things into space, for example, you never know when will China or the US or Japan start to go seriously for asteroid mining, for example! And those asteroids are completely unaware but their mineral content is going to throw some big punches around the global economy!)


Government is just the current half-assed implementation of a sort of organic solution to the coordination problem. (After all, you want to negotiate with your neighbors, cities with cities, and so on. And then you need to have a common set of rules, and you need to have a meeting to talk about the ground rules, and you need to agree on the agenda for that meeting, and for that you need rules to determine what to put on the agenda, otherwise it'll be just chaos, and so on. The same goes for anything that a group of people does or wants to do, e.g. provide a social net for the less fortunate (widows, old people without a family, orphans, etc.), and then you have to agree on who should pay how much and how should that money gets spent.)
And yes, it's not magically efficient, but it's a not-going-to-go-away thing, people will always argue, debate and try to persuade others, luckily we are also a social minded beast, so we like to go for the things that seem to help those who are most in need (empathy), so we probably will always have to debate what's the best course of action to help others.
But, also quite luckily for us, with the help of technological inventions like the Internet (and the associated rise in effective global computing, that is, the capacity to approach global problems with precise computations from direct and accurate inputs) we can try to devise and implement smarter and more effective systems that help others and maybe help us arriving at better policies. (For example, I think it's not too far fetched to have a system that interprets people's policy suggestions, forms a near exhaustive predictive model and show the likely outcomes/effects of that policy. And then it's just up to us to accept that we should adopt the best policy as determined by the modeling system.)


Fiat just means not backed by any other goods. It doesn't seem to have a lifespan. And fiat currencies are during very well, as you've pointed out, no year-average deflation since 1971, I think that's considered a success in the Fed's circles.


Why? Nothing really lasted more than a handful of decades on that scale in society (much less the states/economic regions that wanted to officially back that currency, and without an issuer, it's doomed just on the simple fact that those currencies were not arbitrarily dividable) and change is just accelerating if [some]( are to believed.
@_date: 2014-11-15 21:38:33
@_date: 2014-04-06 22:47:13
New things happen all the time, that's how time works. See the financial crisis (with the risk obscured by wishful thinking - even dollar holders want to go to the moon - and innovative financial instruments).
That said, if you want safety (because, frankly, the faster you forget the dream of stability, the faster you'll see sense) then diversify, and estimate your risks and exposure.
@_date: 2014-09-02 15:43:47
From a copyright viewpoint.
@_date: 2014-09-03 00:27:01
Sorry, it was late, but all I was trying to say, that morally you hurt them if you download a film they star in.
And when it comes to privacy, the important thing is not pictures that are then circulated to the general public, but information collected and organized by the government (or any entity) kept to use it for nerfarious purposes (using it against a select group of people, or just using it against key individuals to influence them, their decisions).
@_date: 2014-08-08 19:42:45
Okay, let's give this some context. Warren Buffet can go into a BoA branch office and open a savings account and put ~10K USD cash there, he'll get the same interest as others. He has the same risk for that 10K as others.
Sure, but he has billions. Maybe he gets a different treatment if he shows up with let's say 30 million USD. Sure. Because that is sizable enough so that the bank sees that much money as a source of income (after all they then lend it out to others and make their profit on the spread between the savings interest and the interest on the loans) and since appeasing one man with 30 million is much easier than rounding up 3 000 people, they'll do things to make him happy, so he will potentially bring more cash and so he won't think about switching to a different bank.
This in itself is an emergent phenomenon that you can't just wish away, the best we could do is use progressive taxation and have a smooth gradually increasing curve to counteract these kinds of "bonuses" given to those who are already wealthy.
Then the more important factor, which again comes with size (economy of scale, if you wish) is that with a shitload of dough your diversified portfolio is a very efficient shield against a lot of potential downfalls, because each portion in itself could provide for your family for generations, and it's unlikely to lose them all at once (that's why you have a diversified portfolio after all). This leads to the most important factor though, that when you have obscene amounts of wealth, you can afford to take part in lot more riskier ventures.
So, the underlying risk is the same, they just get better aggregated returns (for example the bank gives them better interest rates, premium treatment, and so on, because it's a net profit for the bank, because as I've said, it's much easier to make one man constantly happy than 3000 others with just some pocket money; they have access to hedge funds, and the riskier schemes), so we should compensate for these returns to help those who are less fortunate.


If you would invest it wisely. But are you wise enough to just let the analysts do their job and invest all of it into a general index fund? Because otherwise it's not that rare that billionaires blow all their wealth on crazy schemes. (Look at the people defrauded by Bernie Madoff, for example.) Rich people are not immune to stupidity, and people who get money the easy way (win the lottery, inherit) tend to lose it the fast.
All in all, the risk is the same, the rate of return is different, because emergent behavior, which should be counteracted via (systemic) policies.
@_date: 2014-06-18 12:41:31
That's why most mining ops are fabs transforming into leased-mining, aren't they?
Though ASIC depreciation is slowly (?) coming down (as diminishing returns kick in, as you probably start approaching the mathematical optimum in terms of implementation in silico).
@_date: 2014-01-04 11:21:58
What dblcross121 said is minimally complex, the whole US Tax Code, is in fact an abomination with a myriad of loopholes and pork-and-barrel-shit. (Like the tax exemption for this and that, tax deduction for blabla, and so it's a beast with bonuses even for oil companies. Which might or might not be a bad thing, but that's just because the US is part of a global system that's not surprisingly, quite far from simple. And even if I think protectionism is harmful on the long term, it might be beneficial on the short term. - The problem is the never-ceasing benefits, linked to continuous lobbying via sunsetting bills that require renewal, thus incentivize the beneficiaries.)
I don't follow seasteading closely, but I hope they haven't given up. Also, I'd really like to read about the proposed solutions to the problems of coexisting state-systems. (For example, if there is a petrol station in a non-taxation area, and people go there from Taxland where road maintenance is paid via added tax on gas. Should Freelandia collect tax from Taxlanders? So then should Freelandia compelled to chose between closed borders, and requiring ID for buying gas? Or let Taxlandia eat the costs and guard their own borders, and measure the level of the gastank on exit and entry?) 
@_date: 2014-08-10 10:56:43
Managed currecy sometimes gains value, see the Weinmar Republic under [Brüning's policy of deflation](
@_date: 2014-01-04 08:45:23
Oppression or institutions of control are not the same thing.
Greenspan, even if he was an irresponsible lunatic, wasn't against the people. He singlehandedly influenced the Fed to keep rates low, to provide easy access to money, which helps the economy grow. (But as we know not all tissue growths are healthy, and the construction-boom-bubble went rouge and cancerous after bad actors cut too many corners and injected it with tainted loans.)
Lawyers, while the RIAA/MPAA/SCO trolls deserve a slow and long grilling on a fucking stick, are in general implementers of people's wills. You want to start a business with friends? Okay, get a lawyer to THINK for the possible problems you might (and probably, will have) in the future and agree on ways to solve those problems beforehand to avoid confusion, chaos and bad blood (of course it's not 100% unavoidable, but at least you have, in writing, what you decided, what you wanted). The same goes for other contracts. And, actually, the common law system is the emergent phenomenon of this. After all, there is always something not covered by a contract, and that's what gets before the courts, and that what sets precedent.
And you know, that the problem with the government is, likewise, not that it's out to oppress you. It's a faceless machine subverted by unjust influence, to paraphrase Lessig. It's the extrapolation of society acting on itself. (After all, do you think it's a surprise, that a nation that has such large numbers of logically illiterate citizens, and vast numbers of silent not-my-problem enablers sometimes sees times likes this?)
@_date: 2014-01-04 17:47:08


Ahm, umm. I like to think that it's human mental evolution, but considering that our [artificial environment]( isn't getting simpler (nor what we know of the "natural world"), so people's grasp of more complex concepts is increasing, hopefully.


Neither do I (and I shouldn't be pondering much about this, I should be writing my thesis and get shit done), but maybe you could ask on the various anarchy-related subreddits.
@_date: 2014-01-04 08:27:05
No, it's not messy, it's actually the minimally complex aspect of the required system to provide at least an approximation of fair share taxation.
It's simple. You want to go full anarcho-capitalism? Okay, you pay no taxes, you get no public goods. (I support experiments in this, I think it'd be amazing to have counties, or towns, cities - or whatever partitioning people want, and can implement - to try a system like that.) If you want some sharing, collective ownership, public services, then it's important to have fair allocation of the costs. Then it's important to know who pays their fair share and who is a freeloader. (And to know how much is your fair share, you need to track your profits. And to do that you need this messfuck. Or do you have a simpler solution? [But that has to be at least this accurate!])
@_date: 2014-07-07 20:51:29
It doesn't matter, doesn't even have to. The important parts are non-tech. Banks have APIs too, but they are not open (enough), you can't start really small, you can't experiment with banks and creditcards the way you can with BTC-based stuff.
It was already discussed years ago that the main blockchain will be just the main ledger of regional ones (or whatever technical solution we'll have for distributing this system, so it can scale up).
Banking is currently mostly about risk (how much leverage we should take on, how much exposure are we willing to take, how much counterparty risk does this loan represent for us, how much insurance we want on it .. and so on), will BTC mirror it? Maybe, maybe not. But the principle is the same, you can safely ignore known sound activities (e.g. grocery shopping with debit cards, risk free, small amount, large number of transactions, so .. noise compared to your total assets) you just have to even the balance at the end of the day with the grocery (if you are a card provider whose cards people use at the grocery), or the card provider (if you are bank where people's cards are backed with accounts).
@_date: 2014-12-02 16:10:46
You need to compress spacetime. That's the only theoretical way to send information faster than light. For that you need exotic matter (with a negative stress-energy density), which at this point looks more like a mathematical quirk, a solution that needs ignoring, than a real possibility.
@_date: 2014-02-23 22:48:50
This is already pretty easy for them. The problem is when they start to spend their money and the IRS comes knocking.
Money laundering is really about getting on the books, not off of them. Because if it's legal, then fuck all, the IRS have to prove that somehow you got it laundered, but if you can't show where your wealth (houses, yacht, sportcars) have come from, then you're in a pretty big trouble.
That's why assemblymen are given positions on various boards, committees, paid as advisers and so on, because even though they have to pay taxes on it, it's legal.
@_date: 2014-08-08 20:42:43
Yes, they lasted, but we are not using them anymore for a very good reason. They were (are) just convenient durable goods used for trade.


Huh? It's categorically false. In deflation it gains value. As it has happened already. Happens a lot of places in the world too. You picked a nice region in time and space and a nice resolution (1971-2014, US, yearly average CPI).


Explain away? From what? I mean, I explained things as they are, trying to give context to your comments, because some are very much seem to be false. I don't have a thesis in which you've spotted a flaw that needs to be explained away. Nor do I have a beautiful rhetorical argument in which you found a baseless claim.


Umm, why is it relevant? I don't consider 40+ years "short", even if compared to 2000 years. It's a generation's worth of time.


I don't know, people just tend to.
@_date: 2014-10-05 17:53:39
That's promised to be in the next release ([Oct31]( track it as [
Maybe using a service that autoconverts to EUR or USD while it holds the money in escrow is what we need. (The seller most likely wants to get the end payment in non-BTC for the time being. And maybe it's cheaper to just bank-wire-transfer it than converting it back to BTC - but of course this should be an option that the seller selects.)
@_date: 2014-06-08 12:32:36
PoS? What does that mean in this context?
@_date: 2014-10-04 01:13:38
How much more accurate you'd have to be with a less devastating setup to be on par with someone who is not so good a shot, but when hits you, it's bye-bye (from hydrostatic shock, limb tearing off, more internal bleeding, etc)?
@_date: 2014-11-16 06:26:31
I can make free associations, I can see similarities and topical relations, but not a meaningful logical connection between the two phenomena.
Logical connections are great, because they can be explained and everyone should get them, or at least everyone should be able to identify the point where their basic belief system differs from yours as why you get different results during logical inference.
@_date: 2014-11-16 01:45:35


How can a comment made later than the comment in question explain anything about what a former comment's content has to do with something else? :o
This is about as much controversial as creationism.
The problem is real, but the problem is that people have different sets of sensitivities, and in this great global information age they clash constantly, and people can't handle differences well.
A female astrophysicist said on twitter that his shirt was/is wrong and it doesn't make science to appear more welcoming to women. 
Well, it can be, she might be right, but I would like to see a fucking double blind study about this first, because it's ridiculously unlikely that a simple colorful shirt can turn women off from doing science more, than us telling great scientists what they can wear and what they can't (above the minimum, that is should not be a fucking big nazi flag, and that they should wear pants - but even that is completely unnecessary, what if he lives and does science in a nudist community doing a TV interview with nudist reporters? then if e.g. CNN wants to show that, they are welcome to censor the sensitive bits). 
@_date: 2014-06-08 12:31:59
Why? Theoretically, currency users just switched politicians and bankers to miners and developers. The coordination and agent-principal problem is still there. Sure, bitcoin has ALL THE FCKIN added advantage (fast, secure, open, transparent, has an API, free, distributed), but still, the behavioral economics stays the same.
@_date: 2014-04-21 02:44:43
Sounds valid, but that just means a fork is near! The real power lies with the BTC processors, that connect merchants and consumers, the entry and exit points of commerce. And it's very likely that they want to be on a cheap-as-possible network, to keep their own profits high-as-possible.
So, game theory, we meet again! (It's possible that the bigh hashers will cook something up and offer it to the big commerce processors, to fuck over the end-users. But that'd mean that a younger, more efficient cryptocurrency has the potential do disrupt the status quo. After all, BTC end users are not that afraid of change, otherwise they wouldn't already be using BTC.)
@_date: 2014-01-04 07:31:07
Yes, and? That means you gained a lot, and the good people of your land collectively including you via the supah-dupah democratic process would like you to give some of your gains to the maintenance of the public goods. (Such as income inequality; after all, when the USD depreciated, a lot of your fellow mortals got poorer, whereas you got richer, so if you help those less fortunate, you'd made Rawls proud.)
@_date: 2014-01-04 07:17:31


Sure, the aspect that makes this interesting is how you got that money you just gave to the merchant. Because it's not already income-taxed money (because it's unlikely you're getting paid in BTC, and even if you are, it's unlikely that your employer deducts the income tax for you and sends it the Treasury's way), but capital gains (or currency exchange over 200$ resulting in gains) or ordinary income of a business operation (you are a merchant, or a miner or) yet to be taxed.
@_date: 2014-11-15 21:39:13
Umm, what does this have to do with MRA?
@_date: 2014-08-09 14:48:23
And I started with saying, that categorically they don't. Inflatory-policy adopted centrally managed fiat currencies do. Just as gold backed currencies were losing value when they were centrally managed, via seiginorage.
It has nothing to do with being a fiat currency, it's just the management. That's my observation, sorry for drawing out over a few walls-of-text.
@_date: 2014-10-03 23:50:40
Well, without looking at the data, we know that DPR did extremely stupid things (trying to hire a  contract killer, huh), and it's very-very hard to properly secure a backend server, if it's not running in a virtual machine.
So, it's possible that he left out something, and I'd be skeptical of whatever they claim the FBI wrongfully did until there's any concrete evidence to the contrary.
And now, if you give me data I can tell whether the FBI is bullshitting or not. Or we can just wait a few days and someone else will come up with an answer and then I can just double check that! (Programming is the laziest of the arts!)
@_date: 2017-02-09 09:13:19
Game theory is full of "tragedy of commons" scenarios. Just like the prisoners' dilemma, snitching is the local optima, which results in lower global reward. (And we doesn't even have to talk about Causal Decision Theory and Newcomb's problems, because BTC miners vs block size is not that complex problem.)
@_date: 2014-09-01 15:44:12
Downloading a film in which one of the actresses star is just as wrong.
The implications for privacy are rather low in this instance, because this is very much like a sophisticated voyeur snapping pictures of persons, not the Government collecting your stuff forever.
@_date: 2017-02-09 09:00:49
Isn't there a BIP process that tries to specify things in the future?
@_date: 2014-02-25 12:03:15
Well, no. Illegality is a state of violation of a number of statues.
Guiltiness is what you need to prove. That someone or something is in that (illegal) state.
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:00:39
Rothbardian ethics. Everything derived from self-ownership and such concepts. [full of ideas about this.
@_date: 2017-02-06 11:39:21
Well, currently Trump related things take the spotlight, and what the SEC clerks think the new administration will think.
So it might be a waiting game, and it might be up to the new SEC head, or it might be simply that some guy at the SEC thinks that "bitcoin is bad" and so this ETF filing will go nowhere, but maybe the next will end up with a different clerk who'll think that "yaay bitcoin, fuck yes, finally an ETF, where's my shiny purple heart stamp?!", who knows.
I don't know how much Dimon (really) knew (about bitcoin) in 2015 when he said those things, and I don't want to dismiss whatever he said, as even his intuition could be valuable, but I view his statement that it means they won't start a bitcoin based product, but the SEC doesn't care about that, as here's a company that intends to take on risk, and they have to decide whether they are ready for and willing to managing that risk.
(Okay I just checked what he said. So regarding that, the US already support a currency that goes over the border without not much control. That's the US dollar in the form of banknotes. You can put banknotes into a book and mail that overseas, done. Sure, BTC is infinite times more efficient in theory, but due to liquidity and handling (much easier to store and retrieve a lot of banknotes if you're a drug cartel, than fiddling with cold storage) concerns and constraints it's not the chosen clearinghouse platform for black money ... yet?)
@_date: 2017-02-09 09:09:11
Me giving cash to a random dude in a small ramen shop on the street is not "newsworthy" enough (it doesn't make sense to spend resources on replicating it to hundreds of nodes and then doing a master election on them) for the whole world to get recorded into a global trust chain and get confirmation within seconds that yes the whole world has blessed it.
So something faster and more localized, yet still p2p would be great.
@_date: 2017-02-06 09:10:00
Why do they see it more risky than let's say a rare earth minerals commodity ETF, or a currency ETF with a risky currency (there are Brazilian Real ETFs, right)?
@_date: 2017-02-09 08:56:44
What does that even mean? What's "on-chain transaction capacity"?
Also, the demand is very much latency - and other features - dependent. And the demand curve is price dependent, but of course it's not infinite at close to zero price.
@_date: 2016-03-25 19:33:03
Wow. Kraken on the other hand has amazing support compared to this. Except that their mails go to spam, because they messed up their email config. Which is a bit worrying when it comes to a technology-security company.
@_date: 2017-02-09 09:21:42
You're not trying to engage the argument.
The problem is that recording every small webshop transaction globally doesn't make sense. There needs to be some kind of hierarchy of off-loading (sub-chains or whatever, provided by let's say again some kind of pooled trust-consensus system, so your transaction could go into whichever sub-chain is topologically closer to you and your counterparty).
The current proposals for the blocksize problem are all pretty useless on the long run, but of course I don't think that we could engineer this hierarchy without some sort of organic iterative development anyhow.
@_date: 2016-03-26 08:02:40
No, they mucked up their SPF record. Or for some reason GMail displayed this: "It has a from address in kraken.com but has failed kraken.com's required tests for authentication."
They are using a third party support system (zendesk, if I recall correctly), but instead of sending emails from, let's say kraken they make zendesk send out support emails, but for that to be even remotely valid they need to whitelsit zendesk's outgoing IP in their SPF record. (Which I just checked, and they now indeed do.)
Also, I tried to decipher the email/MIME/SMTP headers, to figure out whether they used DKIM or not, but it's just a mess (because it's a redirected google apps domain, it has a lot of added headers), but it has at least one dmarc=fail line.
So, they were actively using a system that was not playing nice by Google's rules. Which is basically the complete first step, the very-much-not-gold but common gravel standard of customer support, that it should work in GMail.
All in all, I'm not trying to amass the pitchforks against them, because they do care about security and they are at least trying to do the right thing, when it comes to email. But not making sure that their chosen setup works in gmail, now, that's a big no-no.
@_date: 2017-02-06 09:04:39
If the few folks this got assigned to at the SEC think it's kosher, so not too risky, makes sense as a trading/investing/speculating thing, then it'll be approved.
If this gets political (and some people think that big gov. and evil banks are there to crush btc, but no, they don't really care yet, because they see it as a strange mixture of something that those unshaven unsuited laymen in those crazy FinTech startups like, with a good dash of a risk so high that the Chief Risk Officer always gets a mad fit of rage about) then it might get a few hurdles that need to be jumped around to get it approved. (And of course if it gets really political, then no approval, but then we'll hear about it.)
@_date: 2015-01-08 03:48:32
didn't even have to make [this]( the internet really has everything ;&gt;
@_date: 2017-02-09 09:02:53
Unless you want to implement software design, development and distribution somehow into "Bitcoin", then you'll always have this convenient side-channel called the real world.
Currently miners decide from a number of signals which software to run, and this will not change much either way, unless the miners get somehow lobotomized and turned into borgcoin members. 
@_date: 2016-03-12 02:27:25
Yes and? Tax consumption (sales tax, VAT) and tax rents (extra profit above what a competitive market would yield). Oh, you mean you want even more money, for your fancy wars on things? Then fuck you Dear Congress.
@_date: 2016-01-18 04:41:53
Everyone else too. Basically, no one is an oracle (all knowing, always perfect expert), so we debate, use logic (evaluate arguments on their own merit, not on the credentials of the "expert"), and try to find the best solution.
@_date: 2014-01-05 18:47:45
The main difference, I think, is presentation. Tax code is dry legalese, like monotonous chanting of any jargon, be it math, computer science or whatever. People are adapted to stories, X does Y with Z which affects A, and B likes it, but C doesn't. This is a multi-variable statement, but people still can .. grasp it, fill in the blanks, create a story in no time, they can solve it, they can say what good X, Y, Z .. values would be.
But we are terrible at appreciating a sentence like: "Sprinkling water on passer-bys is prohibited by Title XI, Section 210, Subsection 1, Paragraph 5, bullet point (a), except in instances that meet the criteria specified in Section 350, Subsection 85, Paragraph 1 to 20, and Section 350, Subsection 120, Paragraph 20 point (b) to (d), except point (c) in case of chemical fire."
And, sure, we have this bleak situation because there's no real selective pressure, no real cost to yet another new section (contrasted with costs to yet another new trait, which is a continuous energy cost for the living thing) - or, more correctly, no real cost to legislators.
Agreed. I think automatizing (thus somewhat quantifying) as much as we can of administration is a must, to get rid of this corrupt inefficient system.
@_date: 2016-03-25 19:31:36
They deal with them ... differently.
@_date: 2017-03-16 20:30:41
Probably because smuggling large amounts of money is physically hard, whereas sending even an astronomical amount of virtual/digital money is just one click.
@_date: 2017-03-11 00:38:55
Does it require proof of identity for withdrawal (above a certain amount)? If yes, it's at least a bit regulated. (KYC &amp; AML - Known your customers &amp; anti money laundering)
@_date: 2017-03-13 02:15:01
I don't disagree with their decision about stability, I'm only pointing out the FinCEN related side of things.
@_date: 2017-02-16 17:56:13
Could you be more specific? What's his take on "miners want high rewards, that means they want to artificially limit block size to create scarcity"?
@_date: 2017-03-11 00:40:35
How is Kraken unregulated? It's a SF, CA based company, abiding the applicable US laws/regulations.
@_date: 2017-03-16 22:34:06
Sure, these are not 100% foolproof solutions. These are processes that help states reduce money laundering.
It's the same thing with tax reporting. You don't have to be honest, but if they find out, because you start living too large, or just because of a routine audit, bam!, you are in trouble.
Currently [the draft]( is not just about virtual stuff, see prepaid cards:


And anonymous safe deposit boxes, and so on. (Because [this](
Furthermore, this doesn't mean you can't own bitcoin on an undeclared blockchain address. Just that financial providers should know their customers (KYC rules).
I don't know how effective these will be. Terrorists, members of organized crime groups, and in general criminals are not shy people when they want to efficiently barter. They'll find whatever they can that can easily carry monetary value while being very hard to trace/monitor/control. They can just buy/steal iPhones and  sell those for cash. Or just use cash.
The problem is that forcing every hostel to ask for ID is not going to work.
We shall see what'll prove effective against determined adversaries.
@_date: 2017-03-16 20:29:00
The Parliament is 100% elected. The Commission is what is not directly elected, but the Parliament has the power to veto the Commission.
@_date: 2017-03-13 02:01:33
I mean not BTC, but USD/EUR and mostly as a general question.
Since GBTC is basically BTC traded as not-BTC, you need a brokerage account anyhow, and for that you need ID. 
@_date: 2017-03-16 20:29:52
Why do you think they'll be more friendly to BTC than the EU? 
@_date: 2017-03-17 11:59:49


As more centralized it becomes the more people's wills have to be considered and somehow forged into a policy.


What's the causal link? Corruption happens just as much in local governments.
It's a cliché that centralization is bad. It's a model with its own trade-offs.
Yes, [distributed]( is better for a lot of things, but you still need consensus. You still need to make decisions about issues that affect everybody (like climate change).
I support more self-governance to cities, counties, and states. But also I think there should be compulsory rules for them too, like transparency, avoiding conflict of interest, no retroactivity, fairness = [see the difference principle](  rationality about their stated goals and approaches. (That is, if a county wants to ban abortion, okay, ban abortion. But if it wants to "save souls", then they need to define souls and define what saving them means, because it might turn out that an abortion sends a soul directly to Heaven, whereas life on Earth for an unwanted child is usually worse than Heaven.)
Similarly, if a city wants to ban cash, go for it. But who will enforce that? What does banning cash mean? What if we print out a paper with a smiley face on it, and use that and count the papers at the end of the month and then transfer money among us in the respective ratios?
What if a lot of cities want to ban bazookas, but a small city in the middle of the country doesn't want to? Can they force Bazooka-town to pay for a wall around it? Can they simply price in the cost of that wall into everything that comes from (or goes to) Bazookatown?
And so we have the real world, which is messy, and consensus is hard on complex topics.
@_date: 2017-02-16 18:26:16
It means here miners want to artificially create scarcity (how many transactions can fit into a block) to increase price (the reward), and even if you wanted to change this by introducing new mining nodes, you'll need resources for that (and since you need a lot of nodes to take over the network, or at least to gain plurality/majority - you'll need a lot), but the current status quo means that those with already a lot of nodes have a good revenue stream and a strong incentive (due to sunk costs) to keep things that way.
@_date: 2017-03-17 11:42:40
What do you mean?
@_date: 2017-03-16 21:01:49
Sudo-democratic? You mean pseudo-democratic?
EU institutions are doing much more against corruption than member states. (See [OLAF]( see the transparancy rules the EU mandate from governments for reporting their budget and public debt.)
Yes, there are problems: 
The EU Commission is usually pro-consumer, so banks are not the big winners of the EU. See the currently developing [PSD2 directive]( that forces banks to open up their databases to 3rd party service providers. (So they'll have to provide an API.)
Is it perfect? No, as we can see it in this cryptocurrency rule proposal, they want to err on the side of conservative AML approaches. Though as far as I can see the directive doesn't outlaw p2p payments. They want to regulate the fiat-virtual exchanges. (Just like FinCEN does in the US.)


So, instead of this big brouhaha we should study [the draft]( as it's rather big and complex.
@_date: 2017-03-16 20:27:48
Crypto doesn't mean untrackable. States could use of a public ledger for spending and then you can track where your tax goes. And you could know where it goes dark. You'll have the identity of a party that sent money in an untraceable and you can sue them if they violated some law. (For example it would be okay to pay employees in an untraceable way, but it would be not okay to pay a company that is hired to perform services for the public. Also it'd be not okay to send too much money in the dark, even to private persons, and so on. And these are the current AML laws today - banks have to report these.)
@_date: 2017-08-29 01:16:04
So far the simplest thing I can think of is:
 - they want more transactions, so there will be more fees to earn
 - they want more transactions, to help btc adoption
 - they don't care about storage requirements (for mining it's not required to keep anything other than current mempool + previous coinbase), they can use a proxy validating node, etc.
 - they don't care much about higher orphan [or stale] rate
Which is of course rational for them.
@_date: 2017-01-09 22:28:00
Is there a state regulation that you can't wire money to exchanges? No.
They are just fucked up, they see that catering to your needs, and simply having you in the(ir) system increases their costs.
Big banks are too dumb to not fail basically. Just give them time.
@_date: 2017-01-10 15:36:01
There is an implicit ToS, as the guy agreed to the initiator bank's ToS and basically contracted the initiator bank to contract the intermediary bank(s) (to contract other banks as intermediaries) to transfer funds .... and so on. Of course, these banks have [master] service agreements between each other, and all the legal stuff.
Of course it still could be argued that their failure to perform was not covered (or that the ToS is too one-sided and then that the underperformance damaged the guy, etc.), but ... you know, it's very unlikely. It's one line in all the contracts ("and Bank has the right to refuse, deny, void the transfer of funds if any intermediary bank refuses, denies or voids the transfer of funds for any reason; also Bank cannot be held responsible if an intermediary Bank refuses, denies or voids the transfer of funds for any reason").
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:55:05
On the long run it'll be very costly to store every coffee purchase [6000 times]( "around the same time". (Meaning every 10 minute the network synchronizes via the mining of a block and by starting to work on a new block.)
It can be done, again, it's not impossible for society/humanity, for our civilization. But the question arises, why and at what cost.
Currently mining provides miners with direct new coins and fees. Block size limit provides the ultimate artificial upward pressure on fees. (Basically there are ~20-30K [transactions in the mempool]( but only around 2000 [transactions make it into each new block]( If blocks could get arbitrary large, miners would try to maximize their profits by collecting as much fee as possible (by including as many transactions as possible). So we'd see blocks that are 30x bigger, but that'd lower fees, so .. there is probably a profit maximization point for this, but I don't know where, and it of course depends on miners - aaand it'd be a kind of race to the bottom, which is good, if we want to optimize for fees, but ..
But it seems we want to optimize for security by decentralization, and for that we need to keep small miners, because if it'd be a race to the bottom then small miners would get crowded out by larger ones. *But* this is very much a guess, I haven't seen rigorous analysis of this.
Anyway. Bitcoin seems to be good for long term safe store of value, not a great micro-transaction network on it's own. But with higher order solutions (Layer-2 or Level-2 or whatever we want to call Lightning and other proposals) we can use the big bulky pricey blockchain as a clearinghouse (sort of an international bank of settlements), with all of its security, while enjoying the blazing fast and cheap micro-transactions.
I think the priority of work should be:
- working on IBLT (and/or other amortized time block propagation to help small miners and to overcome any latency issues)
- work on pruning, compression, smaller signatures
- increase block size
- figure out a safe/durable/anti-fragile DHT (distributed hash table), like the public BitTorrent DHT for storage - we have 5000+ nodes, we don't need to keep 5000 copies of each transaction
And work on Layer2 solutions.
@_date: 2017-01-13 09:27:38
Hm, okay, damages can be shown, that's the easy part. Now does he have standing? Well, he's probably the 3rd party beneficiary of the contract between the initiator and the intermediary banks.
However, I think for damages to stand the intermediary bank would have to be found negligent (willfully or otherwise, and there are degrees to negligence, and so on). And probably the bank would have an easy time to show that they are doing the usual fraud and money laundering prevention shit.
Probably with deep pockets a class action suit would have some chance.
@_date: 2017-08-03 14:53:57
That's a very short-sighted view. Study after study, book after book goes on and on about how much culture, sentiment, ideology, religion, grassroots movements and so on have a lot of influence on the course of history.
Yes, of course, money helps to achieve anything, helps to get troops on the ground (both literally and figuratively, look at how Russia, Israel, Hungary blame NGOs - and how the smaller but more brutal countries try to get rid of any non-blessed un-official gathering/movement).
And it's again very short sighted to just look at oil and war. Sure, oil companies like to rally around big pools of dead plankton (oil), and get their feet wet when it comes to diplomacy and armed conflicts regarding countries with fossil reserves. But it comes with a certain ideology, a certain worldview, and that matters. Because there are differences between helping rebels in an armed conflict (who might be fucking assdick hardcore religious fundamentalists, but they are still a lot nicer than chemical weapon dropper dictators), and disturbing the status quo just because (see rolling into Iraq for trillions of dollars where there was no real opposition).
And both can be bad decision, both can lead to bad outcomes, but they are not the same. (Because if they are bad, they are bad for different reasons.)
And the *victory* of Trump is a very emergent thing, very much not a deep pocket thing. (But of course there was a big push by deep pocketed sponsors, which of course contributed a lot of votes. But the Russian propaganda campaign, the Republican campaign ads and so were effective only because enough people were desperate.)
@_date: 2017-08-15 12:17:17
@_date: 2017-08-03 13:07:11
How much space this would take up?
SegWit also seems a bit too complicated, but I presume that Bitcoin Core team also thought about the pruning and Merkle Trees, yet they still went ahead with SegWit (maybe because of the added security? or maybe because of other features?)
@_date: 2017-01-09 22:35:39
Something similar happened to a friend here in Hungary. He opened an account at some coin exchange, wired the funds.
And then they haven't arrived.
And he had to ask the bank a week later about what's up, where's the fucking money. Oh they don't know. But give them some time to investigate. Okay. Next day, they still don't know, but an intermediary bank refused the transfer, that's all they know. (But for 50 USD they can write a letter!)
Still no money.
He basically lost a lot of money because he wasn't able to trade this last peak (the moon!).
And it'll probably be weeks before his money finds its way back.
And, and... at first we haven't believed this, but every foreign currency transfer gets hand-acked.
Banks are fucking not ready for this century.
@_date: 2017-08-29 01:12:43
That seems a bit too wishful-thinking-ish. A Core dev stated that after seeing the Etherum hard-fork problems they don't really want to go ahead with any kinds of non-soft HFs.
@_date: 2017-08-23 14:35:02
summary is that currently a hard fork is deemed too risky by those with the most competence (the Bitcoin Core group/team), compared to the benefits of a temporary increase in apparent capacity.
[see also](
it's not that the hard fork cannot be pulled off, it's that it won't help (Jevons paradox) at all.
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:39:44
I'd gladly use a hybrid wallet. Keep money in BTC, use fast &amp; cheap alts for micro-transactions, but businesses don't accept anything else :|
@_date: 2017-08-29 01:27:39
segwit is less risky, because it's backward compatible [soft fork], but block size change will require *all* clients, nodes, libraries and so on to change and get ready. it'll take a lot of time.
@_date: 2017-08-23 14:42:48
Indeed. But it depends on payment gateways. As far as I know, I can't pay with anything that's not BTC on let's say BitPay (which Steam uses).
@_date: 2017-08-15 09:49:26
Oh, that's okay too, thanks!
(You mean the North Korea vs Trump nuclear war?)
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:46:52
can you give links to Miners' statements? how do we know what Miners want?
@_date: 2017-08-24 12:42:23
And why go through the whole "let's do a hard fork in a few weeks and hope for the best" problem, if it'll lead to nothing but at best more fees collected by miners?
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:30:30
Good question, [this]( states that 
"Miners, merchants, developers, and users have never deployed a non-emergency hard fork, so techniques for safely deploying them have not been tested."
But I don't know of what are those emergency HFs were.
But [maybe BIP 50](
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:30:44
I mean their "official" page: 
Also, could you link to those social interactions that would change my view of them? And what study are you referring to? What do you mean by your flat-earther hint?
@_date: 2016-11-09 17:07:13
Yes. If you want to just use BTC, get a mobile app with a cloud wallet and link it to your CC, and if you happen to be somewhere where you can't use your CC but they accept BTC, go ahead.
@_date: 2017-01-10 10:45:20
Well, I think they have these covered in Terms of Service.
His problem is that this kind of [service] "quality" is ... nothing. It's still the dark age, of trusted messengers carrying important parchments signed by the archbishop requesting funds for the holy war, complete with the nice candlewax seal-by-ring!  
@_date: 2017-08-29 01:22:41
Nodes help store the ledger, they help propagate transactions, help enforce rules, etc. Sure, they don't secure transactions for long term via proof of work, but they still validate (if not SPV nodes, but even they help with mempool propagation).
Non-mining nodes are important to keep miners honest. Otherwise miners would just mine invalid transactions, propagate the blocks. And who would notice? (Maybe other miners. But if they also optimize for throughput, they don't necessarily have to validate.)
It's risky if hurried, because to make it safe the whole network needs to signal for readiness. All those non-mining nodes too, and wallets have to be checked/upgraded, and so on. It'll be done eventually.
There are cost-benefit problems with 2x.
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:27:40
Nodes help the p2p network.
A node can validate blocks, helps to spread valid blocks and serves as a sink for invalid blocks.
Of course we need a good quantitative analysis to understand how many nodes mean how good and what kind of guarantees.
1MB/10min = 1.66 kBps, 8MB/1min = 133.33 kBps ~ 1Mbit/s
So even if a block would be 8MB you could "easily" download that over GPRS (okay, okay, it'd take a bit longer than 9.5min, because the theoretical max of 2G GPRS is 114 kbps, but still less than 10min).
The problem is that a hardfork is risky, and just making blocks bigger will just serve to make every problem bigger in the future that relates to capacity, speed, storage and so on.
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:31:30
I'd like to get my view changed, I'm open to data/proof/evidence of the opposing view.
@_date: 2017-08-03 13:19:21


Premature optimization is a thing though. You might've heard it as YAGNI, you ain't gonna need it.
Sofware development, especially that exists as a big distributed system in a volatile and constantly evolving environment (with changing preferences), it's hard to predict the required trade offs, and especially their exact degree. How much of memory and constant broadcasting to trade for faster block propagation? Etc.
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:33:13
No problem buying coffee with btc, but it currently just makes no sense.
I'd love to buy stuff with BTC, but it costs too much. Fees are too high. (Especially if you live somewhere where the local currency is weaker compared to USD.)
Indeed, it's better if we have more transactions, but the problem is that the fees will just readjust to a high value again (when, not if, blocks become full again).
@_date: 2017-08-03 13:09:54


Can you expand on that? What's the current governance setup? Why is that inconsistent with future block size increase? (Maybe because of the required hard fork?)
@_date: 2017-08-23 14:51:36
Okay, why do you "hate Core"?
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:47:14
Well, 2X is rushed :(
@_date: 2017-08-21 08:49:02
When you download JavaScript you're still speaking TCP/IP (unless you are using QUIC, which works over UDP).
But anyway, instantaneous bandwidth is not an issue. (See IBLT and other time-amortization options. Basically as soon as you start working on a block you stream it to others. So when someone makes a block they only have to send the header so others can verify it.)
The issue is that bigger blocks favor bigger pools with current tech. (Orphan rate or stale rate would be marginally higher to force a bit more centralization, storage requirements, memory requirements, etc. would decrease full node network size.)
The large transaction validation problem (malicious tx-es) can be and will be solved by simply throwing the fuck out those large transactions. If a tx takes longer than a few secs to validate nodes should reject it, so that's probably the easiest problem to solve.
[Here]( the arguments against bigger blocks lack a quantified analysis.
[Here]( are hard numbers. Of course IBLT and such can in theory make propagation numbers go away, but not the storage concerns (but those can and will be taken care of pruning).
Blocks need to be bigger, that's no question, but ... I think Core's roadmap is "okay", and the btc1 hard fork is rushed. Current transaction fees are too high to compete with VISA &amp; Co. and Layer2 networks are not here yet, however, probably any kind of on-chain scaling will just result in a [Jevons paradox]( phenomena (because tx fees go down, so people will just max out blocks again).
@_date: 2017-08-03 13:22:40
I don't like exchanging currency when I visit an other country. (I don't know how much I'll need, and then I'll have to deal with the large denominated banknotes that small shops don't like to accept, then I'll have a lot of coins, that I can't really exchange back.)
And I'd like to use a global currency.
And I'd like to record my transactions. (I don't want them to be associated with me, though.)
@_date: 2017-08-24 22:47:21


"The change to the reference client to separate out the UTXO in this way in the "ultraprune" patchset was no accident— it was a massive engineering effort specifically done to facilitate the transition to a place where no single node was required to store all the historical data without any compromise to the security model." from here 
@_date: 2017-08-23 14:54:37
Emergency HFs were deployed fast.
It's not impossible to organize/orchestrate a HF in 3 months. It's just very very unwise and unnecessary and foolish (because raising the block limit is a futile attempt to bring down fees).
@_date: 2017-08-15 09:41:40
Huh? What? Why? A new exchange opened there? Or some sort of policy change? A new startup/company there? Or a new marketing campaign there? :o
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:45:35
Because a hard fork is inherently *very* risky. (People losing money, evil double spends stealing money, miners making too many stale/orphans and losing even more money, bad PR for blockchains, etc.)
You'd need about 95-99% adoption before trying it.
It can be done. But it needs a lot of thought.
And 2X city seems to be a mirage. Because if fees become low again, people will just transact more coffees and fees will rise again. [click](
So bigger blocks will lead to long time problems (larger chain, more storage and processing requirement, higher orphan rate, all which lead to centralization) and short time gains (more transactions &amp; temporarily lower fees).
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:37:44
Neither do I agree with everything they do/say, but they are still the most cold headed, most competent group with anything to do with blockchains.
Hm, yes, one group in control is of course a risk. But they do work in the open, and they do provide expertise to others. (Look at the btc1 fork and the issues raised by core members and the discussion in the btc1 repo, and of course the discussion in Core's repo around hot issues.) The protocol is open, and they don't consider their way of implementation sacred, they simply recommend that people use their software, because they believe in it, because they did the math (they did the math on the alternatives too, and they continue to favor their own, because they perceive the alternative to be worse/inferior/too-risky).
If there is/were a group that is as competent as core, people would install that and might eventually switch over to that software.
Furthermore, no one really forced the miners and node runners to deploy new software, yet they did and continue to do so, because they see the improvements made by Core to be worthwhile and safe. (Compact blocks, pruning, and so on are all very much things that don't tip the balance. SegWit was the big ticket because it allows for sidechains which might decrease fees.)
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:36:32
Ah right. That seems surprisingly long ago.
So, I mean do we know the individual miners' opinion? How did they come to this conclusion/agreement? Does it still hold/[mean anything](
I don't read the twitter feed of prominent Chinese BTC folks, maybe that helps to understand what they want?
@_date: 2017-08-03 13:48:37
Alas, when it comes to highly technical topics simplification just leads to false equivalences (as you've already hinted at).
The full picture of course it that there are a lot of idiots on both (all) sides. (There are more than 2 sides.)
All of the stakeholders have slightly different preferences. (And there are a lot of hidden preferences, leading to conflicts of interest, intrigue, collusion, fracturing and ad hoc factions, and so on.)
Lot of people with significant stakes (either invested USD, or new-rich BTC holders, or other chain "founders" (with lots of early mined coins), or financially poor but intellectually invested individuals) have severely limited understanding of the technical and socio-dynamical issues (the debate itself, the long term economics, adoption rates, hype cycles, technological progress, long term geopolitics, financial regulations, and so on).
And basically, every question, proposal, problem relating to crypto-currencies (in particular to Bitcoin) have resulted in a dozen or so interest groups clashing against each other. (Every aforementioned problem have a lot of proposed solutions - as the whole space is very new, vague, undefined, and largely ripe for innovation, and people's fantasies run wild - which is ok, but they should also remain civil and rational, because they should recognize that blockchain is not the end/beginning of the world, and it'll undergo changes, and crises, and so on.)
And these interest groups are not really formal, they don't like defining themselves, stating their preferences and advocating for a "best for all" solution. (Because they see that others can gain by being the last mover, but then conditions change, the environment evolves, and they have to move, but they still don't want to reveal all their preferences.)
And all of this diluted and hyped to the max goes on and on on the relevant subreddits, blogs and twitter screaming matches. 
@_date: 2016-11-09 15:43:28
Buy bitcoins with/at a reputable vendor/marketplace. (See kraken.com for example, but ask a friend, always easier and ... more cool-edgy-cyberpunkish, so 
Read about IT security.
Crypt your wallet. Don't lose your passphrase. Print it out, tear off the first or last few letters, write them on a big photo of you and send that to your Mom.
Don't store BTC at the market/vendor.
Backup your encrypted wallet. Don't use anything that auto-connects for backups, upload it yourself after each transaction. (So use one for small stuff that doesn't have much money, and use one for cold storage. Read about these and ask folks here to make sure you got it, before implementing them.)
Don't put your cold-storage wallet on your phone. Investing means keeping it long term. No need to have 100+ BTC on your phone.
If you want "stop-loss", then instead of keeping it at the vendor investigate options (as in you can "buy" a contract with someone wherein that someone agrees to buy BTC from you for X USD, if the spot price on the whatever markets goes below Y), as insurance. See also [hedging risks](
Of course as vendors/markets get bigger and bigger they get [insurance]( so _maybe_ it's easier and safer than doing the whole cold-storage dance.
Anyhow. You can just buy BTC-based instruments with USD, so you don't even have to handle it. But of course, if you do it yourself then you can prepare for the collapse of the dollar and whatnot. (And keeping BTC at the vendor has some costs associated with it, naturally. But handling it yourself too, so think about the trade-off too!) 
@_date: 2016-11-10 10:53:29
Okay, and where are your questions? :)
As the message is mostly about how to inform yourself to know what are the problems (as with everything involving security, future, money, so investment), and what are the trade-offs you want to make and want to avoid.
@_date: 2016-11-10 10:51:53
It's money, it's your investment, it's not simple.
@_date: 2017-08-29 01:26:20
Doesn't mention hard fork at all, no?
@_date: 2017-08-29 01:11:07
those folks who signed delivered [something](
@_date: 2016-11-24 20:07:22
Why? Side-chains, other layers, hierarchical chains, whatever. It could be done efficiently, but currently BTC is a fancy digital gold system, and interests want to keep it that way to keep their imaginary future profits safe.
@_date: 2016-11-24 20:05:37
Naturally, some kind of sidechain is needed, a bit of hierarchy, layers, whatever. Currently it's just a strange digital gold.
@_date: 2017-11-29 14:40:47
Volatility is risk, even if it shows itself as going up, going up, going even more up. Diversification is about spreading your risk, not about maximizing your [future] profit.
 - click gold/usd, and eur/usd to see the "stable" things.
@_date: 2019-02-17 14:00:56
to encourage/incentivize consumption in a recession (which has a deflatory effect)
@_date: 2019-02-17 13:58:02
or just buying a different currency. like CHF. or EUR, or BTC
real estate market is correlated with the consumer economy, so in a recession/contraction they are basically the first prices to fall.
but buying property abroad can work
@_date: 2015-08-05 04:29:49
neutron stars maybe, but black holes are certainly doing that trick already.
1 000 000 mol of let's say C12, is just 12 000 kg. (12 tons) So, what weighs 12 tons a liter? Hm, maybe supercritical iron in the cores of gas giants? [maybe](
@_date: 2017-11-21 22:48:02
The automoderator is still too strict though.
@_date: 2015-07-11 22:24:32
No blocksize limit?
@_date: 2015-08-07 12:42:51
Interesting question, but not really. A giant nucleus would be a bit boring. Whereas neutron stars are not at all. The core is definitely something strange, maybe even a quark(-gluon) soup. The outer shell (crust seems to be the technical term) is compacted material (anything that fell on the star), which probably still retains some atomic structure too.
And the question is, does plasma and whatnot trapped in the magnetic field lines of the star count as part of the star? Basically its heliosphere.
Also, I might be completely wrong, but maybe not, because this the wild-wild west of physics out there!
@_date: 2017-11-29 14:44:25
Traders are trading it, HFT bots are making market, etc.
But the large flows are people selling a lot of BTC, because they feel like it. Maybe because they feel it'll crash. Or they just want to buy LTC with it, or ETH, or BCH, or a house. Or a big 4K TV for Xmas.
A lot more people are buying, hence the price going up.
@_date: 2015-07-11 21:56:59
What would be the right way?
@_date: 2017-04-29 06:33:30
For those not closely following the coin news, is there a tl;dr on all this? I mean I know what's SegWit, I know that BU is a very dumb project with the block size raised in code and none of the consequences taken care of. But what's antbleed and asicboost and why it's good/bad/greyish? Who is this Roger character and where did he vouch for Mt Gox?
@_date: 2017-04-29 06:38:14
Blame is about what you think someone is responsible for morally. It's not a legal question. He is using bitcoin.com to [hinder segwit adoption]( 
Which is not a constructive position.
@_date: 2017-04-29 06:44:02
The problem is that he is not constructive. He spent a lof of money on trying to brute force BU as a solution instead of working with Core devs. (So instead of working on technical problems, he's just preaching bullshit.)
@_date: 2017-09-13 15:03:32
People have extremely flawed views of the world, and they consumed too much clickbait shit. :(
@_date: 2017-10-17 20:19:14


Ordinance. It is wholly owned by Tether Holdings Limited, a BVI business company incorporated pursuant to
the BVI Business Companies Act, 2004.
BVI is British Virgin Islands.
And they use Taiwanese banks.
@_date: 2019-09-03 21:26:23
@_date: 2019-09-05 13:48:09
@_date: 2011-04-21 05:15:40
Thank you for your detailed reply, by now I've read the comments on the blog.
Yes, it's quite silly to think that eWallet services or client developers could just collude, publish and start using a new client and no one would notice.
@_date: 2019-09-19 12:41:48
The ratio is not the main limit anyhow, money creation is risk and inflation/unemployment (via the Federal funds rate) controlled. See the capital, leverage, and other controls:  [
@_date: 2011-09-21 15:26:51
Don't you have to include the transaction into the block? So you have to keep trying until you found a block. So it's not any time, but you can include lots of "fake transactions".
And mostly because 5% is still huge, so merchants are facing much less risk.
@_date: 2016-10-23 16:11:36
Ah, yes. Though after mentioning those IRS and mob tactics, I think it'd be much better to just pay someone to dig up some dirt on the bank clerk and blackmail him. Much easier and cleaner than dealing with the IRS and tax report forms!
@_date: 2011-04-20 22:39:39


Care to list them?
@_date: 2011-05-25 10:34:22
[Slashdot comments]( for the bored. The first one is quite funny. (At least the /. hivemind +5-ed it.)
@_date: 2016-10-07 08:42:19
No, that's too hard. Just seizing devices to make work impossible is enough for them. They don't like this company and they want to ram them into the ground. Texas style.
@_date: 2011-03-22 16:03:11
DNSSEC is controlled by ICANN, which in turn is a group of people delegated from all over the world. Then the top level domains are signed by their respective controlling organizations, then each domain's signing is controlled by its name server. Before DNSSEC every caching name server could forge results (eg. your ISP's name servers, or the corporate NS) plus every intermediary, now with DNSSEC cache poisoning is eliminated, so the system has been made safer.
The (remaining) problem is when someone deliberately fakes the responses, for example your browser asks the operating system for a domain name, the OS goes and asks the name servers configured (eg Google Public DNS at 8.8.8.8 or the root name servers) and either your OS contacs the root name servers or the configured server does it on your behalf, either way the root servers will respond with the (DNSSEC signed or not) IP addresses of the name servers for the top level domain for the domain you're looking for, and if those servers are controlled by a - let's say - oppressive government, then they can give you whatever response they want.
So DNS is just a part of the system, you need public keys too, and you need a way to check those keys too!
@_date: 2016-10-07 09:11:01
Well, it was for a long time (since the 2nd synod of Orleans).
@_date: 2016-10-07 08:55:04
Suicide is usually illegal for fundamentalist Christians.
@_date: 2016-10-07 08:53:38
He was more arrogant than ignorant probably. Though we could also say that he was ignorant about how arrogant (which makes his judgement about his safety wrong) he is :)
@_date: 2011-05-18 07:41:31
Running passive clients verify blocks and make the network more robust.
@_date: 2017-05-25 16:12:09
 
@_date: 2017-05-25 16:30:35
When is UASF considered successful exaclty? The uasf.co site is not very precise about the process.




How this will cause miners to activate SegWit?
@_date: 2017-05-30 13:22:42
"We" are also doing a lot of things. We are picking transactions to maximize profit not based on fees. (See ASICBOOST) We are also very happy to sit and wait while the mempools and bloks are full, because it leads a fee bidding war.
And some of "we" are trying to force those who just sit on their mining rigs to make cryptocurrencies something more than a long term store of wealth.
The consensus is determined by the nodes and the miners. You can run whatever software you want, of course some software are better than others even before they are the majority.
@_date: 2017-05-25 18:32:27
I'm at work too.
I don't want to change your mind just because I said so, I want people to get a better, a more correct picture of how things are, a better model/explanation of the world.
Deregulation is not the answer. Just as mindless regulation is a problem too. Economics studies complex systems. There are a lot of problems that are "solvable" with markets, but those markets need efficiency. Need sufficient number of participants, low barriers to entry, and so on. (I guess you are familiar with the problem of lack of competition between US internet service providers and the problem of FCC Title I or Title II regulations.)


yes, agreed!


Inflation is not theft. Inflation is the result of expanding economic activity, because people with assets/capital/money/wealth agree to lend out some money to others because they believe that their investment will be repaid, because they believe that those others have sound business plans, thus the economy is expanding.
Of course if too much of those business plans turn out to be wrong, old businesses can fail too (let's say the cost of raw material increases and people can't afford the gadgets' new price), and thus the economy contracts.
And central banks try to help even out these cycles.
@_date: 2017-05-25 16:24:54
do you have disposable income AND safe savings (like inflation resistant savings account)?
if yes, then sure, buy and have some fun!
and yes, BTC will probably go higher, but maybe it'll take 1-2 years. (look at the previous peak of 1000 usd and how long it took to get here)
@_date: 2017-05-30 16:04:08
Thanks :)
And yes, it's interesting that you can easily steal fingerprints (and copy them with a piece of paper and some ink, and fool fingerprint readers - like smartphones), but you can't just create a new one for yourself (or for someone else).
@_date: 2017-05-25 17:26:05
"Actually". What are you trying to imply/emphasize with actually. Yes coinage was a form of tax, that resulted in inflation.
And of course kings' and emperors' treasurers lacked the independence of central banks and the modern monetary tools (available in fiat based economies).
You somehow demonize central banks because they try to maintain a stable 1-3% inflation?
@_date: 2017-05-25 17:37:58


Do you call yourself a skeptic?


And? The goals that the Fed have to meet are set by statues made by Congress.
What do you think regulated by Congress means?


Huh? The president appoints and congress (the Senate) confirms the board. How else it would be more public?


[citation needed]


Where are you getting this? There are trivial counterexamples from the times before central banks. Think for a second of how illogical is what you're claiming. [see also](


Yes, and that's called a coup. Who claimed the Fed was infallible? And when did the Fed (or any central bank) last executed a coup?


Define sound money.


Central banks are the reason the booms are this small. Natural systems produce much larger oscillations. Do you understand that they aim for a stable 2-3% inflation? That means raising interest rates in boom times and lowering them in slow times, to even out the cycle as much as possible.


Central banks provide a lot of important and valuable things. Like orderly management of bank closures, they provide certain aspects of oversight of the financial systems, they try to provide price predictability, which helps people planning their future. (House mortgages, business investment loans very much depend on this long term predictability.) 
@_date: 2017-05-25 17:07:59
[citation needed]
Greenspan was no saint, and he was very much pro-deregulation, but I don't think was trying to scare Congress into subservience.
People talk about the interest rates, but the problem is the grey and black zone of mortgage processing, credit scoring, predatory lending, and so on.
The post-crisis financial framework of new capital requirements for financial institutions, called [Basel III]( are very much risk-centered instead of the old "equity" centered regulatory framework.
Is it perfect? Will it prevent all and any future systemic crisis events? No, of course not, but it was a pretty swift response to the whole credit crunch and financial crisis by regulators. The rest of the problems are much lower level (compliance, accountability, whistle-blower protection, legal equality in practice, and so on).
@_date: 2017-05-30 12:57:55
  use this link (without the 
The first sentence becomes really easy to parse :)
But the second is horribly technical. :(
Basically there's a problem with the hashing of blocks (the "double SHA256 scheme" can be gamed by selecting inputs [transactions], which is problematic, because it means some transactions simply have a very reduced chance of getting into a block even if they use a fee similar to the lucky transactions).
Do you know what's hashing? It's making a fingerprint of data. A mathematical function, similar to a fingerprint, because you can check if two fingerprints are equal, but you can't recreate the body that left the fingerprint from it.
The hashing scheme is .. a classic cryptography problem (if you want to know more, read about HMAC). It turns out that bitcoin has a weakness (no biggie, crypto is hard), it must be patched, but since there are people actively exploiting this weakness and that brings them a lot of profit, they don't really want to patch bitcoin (that's a uh, a rather huge biggie).
What's segwit? It's adding an additional fingerprint (hash) to every block. It's good for a lot of reasons. [see]( the most important is that it enables layering of cryptocurrency solutions on BitCoin. (Which will enable smaller networks to live on top of the big bitcoin blockchain. Those smaller networks can have veeery different rules, but they can still provide the global guarantees of bitcoin when they interact with the btc blockchain. (Basically using btc as a clearinghouse for smaller/faster/cheaper networks.))
CVE-2017-9230: 
BIP148 -  -&gt; Title: Mandatory activation of segwit deployment
Please, ask questions!
@_date: 2017-05-26 13:49:20
I'm open to discussion, but I don't really appreciate metaphors.
@_date: 2017-05-18 14:10:44
But that just mempool, right? So you spam the mempool with low-fee stuff.
Since we can bet on miners' profit maximizing, it doesn't matter if it's spam, they'll try to maximize the amount of fee that gets into blocks, right? So spammers are basically upping the fee for those who want to use the network. (They create congestion.) But if microtransactions (SatoshiDice and so, is that still going?) are discouraged by them, their transactions are going to be included in blocks, and they are going to lose money, thus spam becomes more costly, hence it should decrease.
Yes, I agree, fee level is a very-very-very-very useful metric, I think a lot more useful than market cap and so on.
@_date: 2017-05-17 11:03:11
You can't have it both ways. Or actually you can, but that's more complexity. (Which means you can't have simple, fast, easy at the same time.)
It's completely meaningless to have ~1 USD transactions confirmed by thousands of people.
For important transactions (however you define them, like monetary value, number of inputs/outputs, amount of fee included, how old the inputs are), you can use global consensus, and for not so important ones, you can use an alt-coin that eventually settles on the BTC network. And of course it things go well, this all can be made quasi-transparent to the end user.
@_date: 2017-05-25 16:21:47
Central banks are not privately controlled. That's their definition, that they are public institutions. (They can be corrupt and so on, but they are still a state-run thing.)
Economic catastrophes happen for various intertwined reasons. I know of no crises that is directly caused by any or some central banks.
For example, the economic collapse of the Roman Empire, predates central banking. Was due to the collapse of the slave trade. (The empire expanded to its logical maximum, and cheap slaves were no more.) This of course led to internal struggles and to civil wars.


what the fuck. World War I. had nothing to do with money. it was a lot of stupid alliances and agreements and geopolitics.
World War II.  Pretty major war, you might have heard about it. Happened because a crazy hate- and fearmongering populist wave of claptrap talk turned into action.
  
@_date: 2017-05-17 10:49:25
The problem is that people want to store all the fucking micro-transactions. And that's just too much data to replicate and form a consensus about. Eventually some sort of distributed/hierarchical structure needs to form.
@_date: 2017-05-25 18:02:42
What missing gold?
@_date: 2017-05-26 14:08:59
Umm, what do you mean they don't need to own assets or wealth to lend out?
That's exactly the Basel III risk and monetary reserve requirement. You can't just underwrite a contract (take on risk) and magically create cash (increase the money supply without increasing your reserves).
The lending institution must have at least 4.5% of risk-weighted assets of all the money they lent out. That's a pretty good requirement compared to the previous not really risk weighted model. (Banks in the UK were/are allowed to do things like [rehypothecation]( and they have a 0 reserve requirement, so they are all risk-based.) And standardized external auditing is proposed for Basel 4 (probably around 2020).


[There's no free money]( It looks free, because it's just a few percent interest, but that's a lot. The company has to pay it back with compound interest. (Actually they pay coupon payments every year, or more frequently.) And the less sane the corporation looks, the higher interest they have to offer for the investors, otherwise no one will buy their bonds. (Look at high yield bonds, those are not "investment grade", meaning, those are junk bonds, for speculators and basically gambling.)


What does "it" mean in that sentence? What are the cues based on savings?
Capital goods are production things. Capital goods are machines, factories and so on. So they are the same things. Or do you mean equity (basically shares) in companies (let's say banks) vs capacity extension investments?


Of course not, but I think you have a simplistic picture with too much unsupported assumptions, and you dismiss arguments based on preconceptions, instead of rationally evaluating them.
@_date: 2017-05-17 12:08:13
Sure, you can churn out block faster, you can use bigger blocks, and so on.
That doesn't mean it's foolish to start simulating and solving problems that will be very much real and urgent in the future.
@_date: 2017-05-28 18:22:54


The Great Depression was pretty severe compared to 2008, and the difference was mostly to quantitative easing.
And since we have a very much interconnected global economy, the cycles are synchronized too.
@_date: 2017-05-25 17:13:51
The Fed is [audited every year]( by non-governmental auditors besides the usual gov auditors (Government Accountability Office, Office of Inspector General), it works as a very transparent organization.
It publishes its balance sheet weekly. Here's the [current one](
You can [see]( what and how much and when the Fed purchased during the "quantitative easing" programs post-2008.
And so on.
Or you think there is something they omit, or something they lied about?
@_date: 2017-05-25 17:27:05


What does that mean? :o


Yes :/
@_date: 2016-10-07 10:37:36
I'm not saying either. I'm just saying that people seem to forgot all of these principles and rally on extreme ends of this spectrum. Oh backpage is the bastion of freedom, oh backpage is the deepest pit of cyberhell! Whereas the first question should be okay, habeas corpus. He can be held for so and so hours without charging him, then if he gets charged he'll know the details. If it's just an empty scare letter from the prosecutor (or if he is let go), then he can put that online to try to prove the police and prosecutor are trying to damage his (and backpage's) reputation and business, and so on.
Also, the article goes into details, but completely fails to mention even one instance when a minor was "trafficked" or has been exploited through backpage. Only cites NCMEC (national center for missing and exploited children), which reported ads on backpage, but there's no info of how many of those were false.
Anyhow, it seems pretty easy. The guy has been charged with pimping, then it is claimed that the company is just a vehicle for money laundering, and that's it, plus mentions that sex trafficking is bad and minors involved in something bad is even worse.
@_date: 2017-05-25 16:27:20
high fees make it a long term store of wealth, so what would you do with it instead?
@_date: 2017-05-29 11:36:44


You still have to be aware that the empirical data is simply not conclusive. (As far as I know it seems to show that the Austrian business cycle theory is wrong.) Even if the prose is convincing, without proper mathematical models, it's just a convenient explanation.
Kenyesianism is ... dead? It had good ideas, that become incorporated into economics, the others are discarded. That's how science works. Even if economics has huge error bars (large uncertainty), it's not enough to explain data after the fact, it needs predictive power. (Like [DSGE]( models.)
The Austrian school has/had many great contributions to economics. Nothing wrong with studying, and/or using their theories (but don't forget the assumptions built into those theories). But that [doesn't make the central bank evil]( ("If Minsky and Hayek are running in a race for interpreting the last two years of the U.S. macroeconomy, Hayek has something to offer but so far Minsky is in the lead.") Contemporary economists are [not disregarding]( the theory completely, they just have [new takes]( on it.
@_date: 2017-05-23 15:46:18
 
 - they faked Green's death, that Ross ordered
The Maryland case/indictment is pretty much dead due to tampered evidence: 
@_date: 2017-05-25 15:18:09
Early coins, that are inaccessible now. People generated [mined] them, but lost the wallets. (So they can't be spent, because the private key necessary to sign transactions with those addresses [public keys] are lost.)
@_date: 2017-05-28 11:52:35


That's a too simplistic view. Special interest have a very large influence on decision making, and thus on the end results, but they don't run the country. That's a very-very important distinction. And thus it's important to see what's public and what's private. You can FOIA a public institution's every last bit of information, and we have an inherent interest in public things being run well and with a long term view, with a lot of preventative oversight. With private things we don't.
And of course, with TBTF the lack of prevention is the biggest problem. There's no one to jail, because it was a systemic problem. Which feeds back to special interests having too much of an influence ("they write laws for themselves"), especially because Congress is not an expert, and they like what lobbyists say better than what the regulators and other experts say - because lobbyists like to arrange campaign contributions. (The classic quid pro quo corruption.)
John Titus does the same thing that OKeefe did/does with "Veritas project", produce scary videos. (The same thing happened with Zeitgeist before. It misleads people.) BUT, that does not mean that there should/could (and ought to) have been more prosecution, more effort to call them to account, more of a reckoning.
Look at how real investigative journalism works. People write a series of articles, with linked/attached documents, charts, graphs. And so on. And they don't use a mishmash of images, don't show documents for a few seconds, don't use quotes from various XIX. century Russian writers or XVIII. century English jurists.
Anyhow, as I've already mentioned, there are problems with special interests. The too big to jail thing is again interesting, because lawmakers were very much asking Holder (then AG) about  why not charge big banks - especially [after Untouchables]( but they then failed to make [a special] law to extend civil fraud prosecution time limit (the statute of limitations) for the 2008 financial crisis.
Also, don't forget that the DoJ with its limited budget and time very nicely managed to get [181 billion dollars]( of settlement paid by various institutions.
So, all in all. Again. Could things be better? Yes. Is the US a puppet state in the hands of Swiss bankers? No. Should executives be held responsible more, and should we as a society expect more crime and wrongdoing prevention from them? Yes, yes, of course, banks make too much money, the industry has big barriers to entry, there are too few players, too little competition, too much profit.
@_date: 2017-05-25 15:46:39
Users interact with the BitCoin ecosystem via exchanges. People running full nodes are usually users, sure, but they are not really the users of exchanges.
@_date: 2017-05-30 13:45:07
You always have to trust to a degree the counter-party in any (and all) economic transactions.
Simply by storing money in the form of bitcoin you trust the bitcoin ecosystem. The developers (for security and sanity of the software), the miners (for not attempting to do nasty things, for being rational in the long term so your coins remain safe and valuable), and the exchanges, and payment gateways (that accept bitcoin).
And thanks to bitcoin's proof-of-work mechanism you don't have to trust other users, because miners make sure they can't cheat.
But this proof of work has a cost. Running this high assurance network against "double spend" has a cost.
Right now that cost is rising ([see]( and this makes bitcoin as a payment network very expensive. So eventually payment gateways will try to push altcoins instead of BTC, but still, to buy altcoin you need to spend a lot of BTC (or use a credit card or wire transfer, or meet with someone on localbtc ...), which are all economic disincentives, which all have a negative pressure on the value of the bitcoin ecosystem.
And it's hard to bootstrap a proof of work "trust network". And SegWit would allow others to piggyback on the bitcoin blockchain (of course while paying the fee for verification), which would be a very good thing for the value of the blockchain ecosystem.
@_date: 2017-05-28 19:20:42
You can pay in whatever you agree to settle in. (Do you mean that Robert Kahre et al. was arrested for and charged with tax evasion? Because that's what they did.)
The 10 point list on Mises.org:
* misrepresents Keynesianism, and more importantly completely misrepresents the idea of taking on public debt to help the economy in times of a credit crunch
* if the Fed's interest rate were artificially too low, then inflation were a lot higher than it was - the zero-interest-rate-policy was okay
* politicians misrepresenting Keynes: I'm not surprised, but still, citations needed
* in cases of predatory lending, though government oversight was lacking, the government did not claim to waive its magic want and just provide houses
* there were a lot of secondary mortgage cases, where amateur speculators bought second houses, then defaulted in 2008 - again, no government encouragement, or magic wands
* the same Barney Frank was more in favor of rent subsidy than home-ownership subsidy, precisely for the reason of poor people easily losing their homes against Bush et al.
* again, nice Mises folk framing the crisis as those damn freeloaders held us at gunpoint and took our gold, yet they are (were) the ones harping about regulations on investment-commercial banking (--- and I'm not saying they are not consistent, they are just cherry picking facts and theories; I'm very much in favor of more liberties, more choice, alternatives to taxation, and so on, but they are framing the issue in the wrong way)


Because the short-term money markets (like the repo market) are  there with or without the Fed. The Fed provides marginal changes.
If you think this is such a great advantage, apply to be primary dealer. I'm not saying it's not a beneficial position, but I'm saying it's not an immoral advantage, it's not a cartel.
And yes, they are doing what they can. Hyperinflation is because of a country printing/minting too much money. It's usually done by states that want to finance themselves against all odds (like Zimbabwe, or post war countries - like Hungary), completely irrelevant for monetary policy discussions, or anything to do with banks.
@_date: 2017-05-25 18:01:49


such as?


Yes, and who and how would have managed that process?


Okay, that's a good claim, but you have to provide a convincing argument too. Present a process that would have helped us recover quicker. What aspect of the Great Depression is important vs the 1920s?


I don't think it's righteous. It's an institution. I don't anthropomorphize it. But yes, it's beneficial.
I think this is a forum of open minded people, open for intelligent discourse.


Not exactly. The stock market crash that happened before was also necessary. People wanted a more stable investment, and that lead to the housing boom *coupled* with the low interest rate.
 
The low interest rate in itself is irrelevant. Because it shouldn't have led to a crisis. It would have lead to higher inflation.
It turned into a crisis because insufficient risk allocation. (Basically because banks were able to package and offload risks on investors.)


So if it was encouraged why is it nonsense?


They don't get easy money from the Fed. The Fed provides overnight loans of the last resort, but that's it. Banks loan to each other. Banks create money by issuing credit, which increases the money supply, which leads to inflation, and the central bank increases the target interest rate to discourage lending. (And in case of too slow money velocity, the central bank lowers the target rate to encourage lending.)


A lot of people were saying that, but their voices were drowned out by the optimistic yaay-boom-market people. (Politics, ideology, populism, uninformed and uninterested members of the community that lead to all the problems of every community.)


Did Paulson said that? Could you find a source for that?


Do you know Steve Keen? He has very nice lectures about private-public spending and debt, pretty simple graphs showing the state of things, and he's not an Austrian economist.
Also, have you seen [Inside Job]( There were economists and experts saying that deregulation will lead to trouble. But other economists were pretty much paid to say "no, no, things will be okay".
Austrians are very much associated with libertarian pro-deregulation views, so it's a pretty interesting thing that they were saying that we have too much debt. 
@_date: 2017-05-25 16:57:37
Sure, in a purely rational setup.
I'm asking about the real world.
Let's talk about "economic majority", which is needed. We're talking about full nodes.
But not all nodes are equal. There are those that create new transactions (wallets and exchanges) and those that relay them (and of course blocks). (Miners currently don't see the difference, but that doesn't mean that they couldn't, after all the blocks with BIP148 will have a different version header.)
So if some full node start to enforce BIP148 and reject those blocks that don't conform, what'll happen? If there are miners/exchanges/nodes that politically oppose BIP148 can they accept blocks only from nodes that don't signal it (that send old versioned blocks)?
What happens if exchanges continue to emit transactions, miners' will pick them up, mine the new blocks, and life will go on, and the users that only accept BIP148 conforming blocks will just sit there, participate in the transaction mempool relay, but not in the block relay?
@_date: 2017-05-25 18:13:10


Not in the same way. In the old age the state directly profited from the debasing. The Fed doesn't profit from it. Which is why it's a lot more likely that it stays independent. The US budget does not gain from the open market operations that the Fed performs. The US budget is completely separate from the Fed's balance sheet.


Huh? They don't sound too demonic if they can't even achieve their goals. The Fed sets out to target an interest rate, and they have unlimited "budget" to perform open market operations. And they reach that target.
What they can't do is magically shift the economy. Their goals are price stability (predictable inflation) and low unemployment (natural unemployment rate is around 5%). They do what they think is best to achieve those goals.
I think they were doing pretty okay with regards to inflation:   


what do you mean? what is this a reply of?


what are you talking about?
  100% Fed-resistant savings.


what makes an audit proper? what do you think they are hiding? why do you think there's something they omit from their reports?
@_date: 2017-05-25 15:33:40
it was a pretty big leap from the previous times, or do you dispute that?
The Fed did its job pretty well (remember the last crisis? while congress sat on its shiny ass, the Fed was aggressively forcing the hand of banks to continue spreading credit), but its job description was never financial innovation.
@_date: 2017-05-25 15:34:48
"central banking" is a technology too.
could you show a few examples where/when economists have taken credit for others' contributions?
@_date: 2017-05-17 10:44:23
Altcoins? Bitcoin is good for long term store of wealth, (libertarians love it!), but not necessarily for micro-transactions.
@_date: 2017-05-26 14:18:40
Theft is simple, inflation is not. They are not equivalent.
Theft makes someone poorer and someone wealthier.
Inflation makes fast money worth more than idle money. (That's why it sort of depends on the velocity of money.) And it doesn't make you less or more wealthy. Prices go up, but so does the price of labor.
@_date: 2017-05-30 14:28:34
If at the end of each hour your alt-coin or micro-transaction provider puts up the log of all transactions in a ledger and signs that and publishes the hash of it on the blockchain, then you can be pretty sure that the money is where it's supposed to be. And it cost only 5USD (+ a lot of micro fees, that might be 0.01 USD per transaction) instead of thousands of dollars.
Yes, of course it doesn't solve all the problems, it's a step.
And there is an information theoretical limit to how fast you can achieve consensus, and that coupled with economics means that eventually you need hierarchical structures to remain cost effective. (Let's say you only accept nodes that are "closer" than 100 ms, and when you transact something in your regional network, that doesn't have to leave the region, but the regional data is "checkpointed" regularly to help with accountability and transparency - which help with trust.)
@_date: 2017-05-25 16:23:13
If exchanges don't use SegWit blocks, then 2) is true, no?
@_date: 2017-05-26 13:31:04
Why is it the absolute worst way?
What is your interpretation of the possible events depending on number of nodes signaling BIP148? Could you explain things a bit?
@_date: 2017-05-25 18:35:38
You asked about the gold thing, that's irrelevant to the previous discussion about central banks.


Why? They don't need it to manufacture things out of it, they just store it. They have the most diverse (and thus stable) economy on the planet, and military, and a large population, a lot of natural wealth. Why would they hoard gold on an official level?
@_date: 2017-05-23 14:24:24
@_date: 2017-05-26 13:48:29


To what?
I mean, I never said that I support the current financial system with reckless for profit banks. I just said that central banking is a great thing, because they are at least providing some oversight for these financial institutions.
Do I want something better? Yes. Is there any better at the moment? Not really. Cryptocurrencies are amazing, but as the DAO on Etherum showed, it still needs a few iterations to be ready for prime time. And as the SEC is still not convinced about the sanity, security and operational competence of exchanges and bitcoin related organizations, hence the Winklevoss ETF got rejected. (But maybe an OTC one will go through.)
And in the mean time, the world went from [this]( to [this]( and [this]( and onward to FlexPort, and soon whatever the fuck Amazon comes up with.
And this made a lot of people rich. Some exceedingly rich, some just [2010 rich](
BestEvidence looks like the classic BreitBart fakenews/conspiracy channel.
American rule of law is not "being destroyed". American people are not looted in daylight. It's fearmongering.
Are there problems? Yes. Serious problems. Yes. Were banks mismanaged? Yes. Did they repay the bailout? [Yes]( Are there problems with special interest? [Yes]( Is it build a bunker and shut the hatch time? No.
@_date: 2017-05-18 14:15:52
What stands in the way of SegWit? Miners want to make money, so they like high fees. What's the profit-maximization point for fees? Do they think SegWit + LN would be a bad thing?
Also, how safe is UASF in light of [this]( MA-Defender thing?
@_date: 2017-05-17 10:56:42
Umm, what's LN?
@_date: 2017-05-30 15:52:47
Yeah, I don't know why it's not more widespread, it's used in [browsers]( and in openssl too.
@_date: 2017-05-25 15:26:49
no, it's not. the Fed is not private.
@_date: 2011-10-17 20:16:26
no it doesn't. it needs tools to effortlessly be able to represent and transfer some value and be convertable into some kind of inflation-tracking savings.
@_date: 2017-07-07 11:12:39
Yet scams still happen, people are still losing money because of shitty systems, be those financial or business ones. (PayPal screws over small businesses, banks are laughably inflexible, which again hinders competition, and so on.)
Naturally, the question arises, can something decentralized and new/innovative/blockchain-like provide both consumer protection and flexibility to help small businesses?
Alas I don't know the answer. (Sure, one could theorize about what kind of regulations would solve these problems, but that's a whole other can of worms. And it's still largely an open question of what sort of effect [PSD2]( will have on these problems.)
So, fundamentally, the problem is, as you said, people are dumb and if left to their own devices, they continue to stay that way. Therefore any successful system will probably have to start as early as possible and then continue to keep holding the hands of end-users. Exchanges (they already do a lot of due diligence, KYC [know your customers/clients]/CYA [cover your ass] which helps against fraudsters using those exchanges to egress money), payment processors (usually the first contact with new money-tech for users - and with a healthy payment processor market they have a strong incentive to be seen as reputable), vendors/merchants, service providers, and so on will want to use the low-cost max-volume payment system (and currently BTC is not mainstream enough to worth the hassle for most of the merchants) - which means if new-money payment processing can become cheap enough merchants will want to use it, thus will want users to use it, therefore they want to minimize fraud and keep new-money "safe".
Again, of course, it's debatable whether these incentives will make the fraud situation better than with old-money systems. 
@_date: 2017-05-25 15:28:13
it was established by an act of congress, it's not private.
yes, there are reserves as there is a reserve requirement: 
@_date: 2016-10-23 12:32:49
The company has to file tax reports right (that includes accounting reports)? They need to show where they get that money they used to pay you in the first place.
So either the BTC was mined by the company, and then I don't know what kind of taxes apply (also probably it's very different from tax jurisdiction to tax jurisdiction, but if you mine it as a natural resource, you'd need to pay for the mining rights; if it's kind of like capital gains from foreign currency, then you need to pay capital gains tax; if it's like a gadget made by your company, then you need to pay sales tax when you sell it to someone; and so on - though I guess you can claim it was mined before any sort of tax covered it, but you need to consult a tax expert on this), or it was otherwise transferred to the company, which could be seen as adding capital, in that case you have to show this in the cap table, the one who gave the asset now owns some part of the company, and that entity also has to filet taxes, and report on how the monetary value of that asset came to the entity's possession.
@_date: 2016-10-07 08:45:51
Sure, but to execute a search they need a warrant, for that they need probable cause, what's that?
@_date: 2017-05-25 18:23:52
Here's the current gold stock: 
if  you think the numbers are fake, call them and ask how they are audited: 
Basically, if there were any missing relevant things, [ZeroHedge]( were already crowned king.
And the whataboutism is that the US Gold Reserve has nothing to do with the Federal Reserve System, fractional reserve banking and so on (thins that were the topic of the discussion). (For some reason the NY Fed also stores gold, because it was a Federal facility, so it was convenient to store gold there.)


What are ... my misdeeds? :o
@_date: 2017-05-23 14:23:17
@_date: 2017-05-18 13:51:05
They eventually end up in blocks, don't they? And so they pretty much maximized the unconfirmed tx queue, no?
@_date: 2017-05-28 10:57:14


Well, but you also have the liability. The banks has to have 10% in reserve. So if a depositor puts 100K USD into his/her savings account, the bank can loan out 90K. But if the debtor defaults, they have to come up with 90K from somewhere otherwise the owner of the savings account can sue and foreclose the bank, and auction off its assets, which has [happened]( (Hence the capital [and risk] requirements in Basel III.)


but you are not speaking precisely enough either.


That's not how it works. The devaluation does not "occur" overnight, nor does it happen "there". Banks don't get an advantage. They are part of the monetary system, they have to put some percentage into reserve, and the interest rate targeting is essentially a fine tuning on that reserve requirement, which in effect is an adjustment on credit availability.


Yet you say incorrect things.


you can use gold, or whatever you wish. you can buy land. or other commodities.


but that's something that sounds "common sense"-ish, but it's just false. you have a problem with inflation, but that's precisely what the central bank controls. that's why central banking was invented, to prevent hyperinflation and deflation spirals.


as I said earlier, citation needed.


We had bubbles and busts before central banks too. It was much worse.
@_date: 2017-05-18 14:27:04
Uh-oh. I see on the uasf graph, that it's ... gaining nodes.
How many nodes are needed for ... something?
@_date: 2017-05-25 16:10:58


how? and how do you know? why are you so sure? do you think that a hard and fast landing (letting the whole system fail) would have been better? can you even enumerate the consequences of a failing banking system?


easy? no. not really. fraudulent loans, see predatory lending and [so on]( (by [Michael Hudson]( and the problem of risk offloading - banks were able to offload risks by selling repackaged investments, basically the classic [agent-principal problem](
The boom and bust cycle is very much the natural emergent phenomena of any complex dynamic system. (Think about how wildlife populations oscillate, even if weather were constant, critters eat grass, carnivores eat the critters, and you get [cycles](
@_date: 2017-05-26 13:56:38
What does it mean to be well connected? Every bank is connected to the Fed. (Or at least to the FDIC.) Even [certain types of deposits at] credit unions are subject to reserve requirements, and they can open an account at the Fed.
What does this have to do with the war machine? (What is the war machine? Do you mean the military-industrial complex?) Wars are financed via the Federal Budget, from people's taxes and from sovereign debt (which is of course slowly loses value thanks to inflation).
The welfare state? How does that benefit? The welfare state most definitely does not benefit directly from inflation, as pension savings have to be invested to prevent them to lose value due to inflation. So what do you mean?
Inflation seems to be the current best monetary policy. Though I'd like to see experiments with a predictable deflation model.
@_date: 2017-05-30 13:26:19
Trust is not binary. You trust them with a small amount of money, for microtransactions, or for [donations]( or for subscriptions to services, or for escrow, or for voting, or for participating in [prediction markets](
And a smaller cryptocurrency can offer proof of work too, and still use bitcoin as the clearinghouse.
@_date: 2017-07-27 10:19:48
Trust is not binary.
If you have a distributed voting Oracle, all nodes observe some phenomena and the rules to interpret the observation are mathematically consistent, then you can get to measurement uncertainty levels of trust. (Eventually quantum noise levels.)
But our world is beautiful because of that, yet also so cruel that all our supernatural proofs and theorems are forever out of reach due to reality's stochastic nature.
@_date: 2017-07-27 10:26:46


Some people value that.
I value that there are people who value that, because it helps all of us by the virtue of having diversity.


You can say the same things about any investment. And why would Amazon buy twitch? It's just pretty videogames and bored people sending "KAPPA" to each other. But there's some value in there.
The same applies to law. We spend billions on lawyers/attorneys/counsel, yet it's fragile and ever changing. But it's the best we've come up so far.
Then there's finance. We pour all of our money into banks, because, huh, where else would you? And they take billions in profit for just managing a fucking spreadsheet! How come there's no free bank account + credit card handed out by every State/Country, people clearly need it, and managing it centrally would be cheaper. Yet, we don't even have efficient healthcare financing... :|
@_date: 2017-05-18 13:57:39
Could you elaborate on those consequences of using side-chains? (Is that what scaling on chains means?)
@_date: 2017-07-27 10:11:00
Because you don't need that clerk to push the button. Because you don't need paperwork. Because you don't need fancy financial/payment processing. All "live on the blockchain".
Of course, all of that are doable with non-blockchain tech, but in this case it's harder to cheat, so it should be cheaper for both parties.
You will be able to get a self driving Tesla in a decade, but it'll phone home regularly, and some people don't want that, they want a car that has some other kind of lock, let's say it needs internet access, it reads the blockchain and scans for transactions to its own address. The car only reads data, never writes, only reads public data, and you know the algorithm, so no way that the carmaker can somehow trick you, etc.
Of course, again, this is not the best example, because it's just a car, and the market for people that want a non-home-phoning rental self-driving car is .. small.
And you still have to trust oracles.
But you don't need courts for the contracts themselves. (But you need experts to craft them, because ... you know, Etherum's language is a piece of shit currently.)
@_date: 2017-05-17 10:46:47
But on the social level, they do.
And I think there's no free will, but I'm also not a determinist.
@_date: 2017-05-25 17:22:15
The participating countries' economies.
World War I cost $186 billion in direct costs (as countries paid their soldiers, bought weapons and ammo, spent ammo and fuel and supplies; things got destroyed that cost a lot, they had to be rebuilt) and another $151 billion in indirect costs (opportunity costs, failed institutions, and so on).
(Numbers in 1914-18 dollars.)
World War II was ... much much more expensive.
@_date: 2017-05-28 19:30:44
Yes, and in 1929 without a fast-acting central bank the world plunged into a deflation spiral. And all that came after in the next decade was trying to get out of it. I'm saying it's great that we avoided deflation in 2008. (And a lot of countries didn't, and the US did, mostly because quick monetary action - after all, government spending is too targeted, too inefficient, and not convincing in the face of overall market sentiment, but a downward pressure on long term yields [interest rates] is real and almost immediate signal.)
@_date: 2017-05-25 15:47:39
Why too risky? Compared to what? Doing nothing and waiting for miner fees to grow and grow, making BTC more and more a strict store of long term wealth?
@_date: 2015-02-05 02:04:05
You can just buy citizenship in many cash-strapped countries.
@_date: 2017-07-27 10:46:03
To be fair, at first the internet was dumb .mpg and .avi animations, low resolution porn, and VERY IMPORTANT BUSIENSS emails that said: print this bring it to my office!
And you could have said that, buh, why don't you just print it yourself? Why don't you just use a pen if you want to write on paper? Why not let the secretary type it? Why not use a bianco template and photocopy it and fill in the blanks?
Why not use fax? Why would you ever want to read emails on a tiny display and type without a keyboard? Why would you use credit cards, just bring the money with you, just write a cheque, just let the seller/vendor/retailer call the bank to confirm your balance! Who the fuck would put money into these big teller machines, they'll be safecracked in hours!
And why not use Western Union?
And so on.
I mean, I haven't read a bit of Szabo, because I'm lazy and all of it sounds too tedious, because all of his writings seem trivial (to me), and it takes ages for him to get to the fucking point. (Yeah, people call him a visionary, and he may very well be, or had been, but I've already encountered his ideas scattered elsewhere. From science fiction books to countless futurist/singularity/machine-intelligence/rationality/computerscience/crypto/programming blogs/subreddits/books (oh my!).)
@_date: 2017-05-25 16:07:09
And it is still regulated by Congress. (What it can do and how, how decision making works, and so on are all directly regulated by laws.)
It's not a private bank, it's a public institution.
Banks have shares, again by law (they are required to purchase), and they are sort of required to send representatives to help the decision making process with their industry expertise and input.
Read the link you pasted.
The Fed is owned by the people. 
@_date: 2017-07-27 15:04:40
I'm not American, but healthcare is currently going down the drain where I live. Because our Dear Leader likes sports better than education and healthy people.
Also, our banks are terrible too. So there's that. I can't wait for EU PSD2 to get 3rd party access to *my* bank accounts. (And they cost a lot too per month. Plus debit card fee per year.)
@_date: 2017-06-20 13:24:09
After finally finding some time to read about Liquid.
Yeah, I don't like it, because there's no single page here's how it works on their website. Just fancy graphics. And marketing bullshit.
That said, I think Blockstream is doing good things.
But the fee is not collected by Blockstream. It's collected by the Exchange, and it's not kept entirely by the Exchange, but it's used to pay for the BTC transactions at the end of the chain.
The claim that if it succeeds it'll replace Bitcoin is nonsense. It lives on the Bitcoin blockchain. All sidechains do. If a sidechain grows BTC grows too.
"Blockstream took control of Core" ... uh, that's again an interesting claim. Where's the proof? Blockstream employs a few devs who work with other members of Bitcoin Core, they do all their work in the open and following the rules they set out. What changes Blockstream made/influenced to those rules? Nothing, as far as I know.
And the correlation that somehow years ago there was no transaction backlog, so transactions were free and now they are not has something to do with Blockstream, is laughable. It's because miners resist block size increase (because propagation delay, and because pre-broadcasting is not implemented [yet?]).


Again, interesting claim. But complete nonsense. BTC doesn't change just because there's plus one sidechain.


Yes, that's a problem.


I don't know. That's probably an implementation detail, I don't have time to check their whitepapers. Because it doesn't matter. A sidechain can't ruin Bitcoin.
The author of that post is *very* much lacking critical thinking skills. Or haven't used it while writing that long post.
@_date: 2017-06-27 19:54:39
100-500 fraud checks doesn't mean much without details. (They usually check things like the how risky is the merchant [e.g. gambling is high risk, because it's easy to use for money laundering, and to quickly drain stolen cards], where you've last used that card, is this new incoming transaction suspicious compared to the previous ones, and so on.)
The address check they sometimes do is a lot less computationally expensive than the outlier detection and other statistical methods.
And of course chain of responsibility is important. But banks are quick to weasel out of theirs when things actually happen. (For example they are usually very powerless and dumb when it comes to international wire transfers, and so on. And the same goes for card related things, they only see a few things, that the card network relay to them.)
Blockchain tech is interesting because it's not put into big glass towers behind a lot of red tape and clueless bank tellers and very serious managers, not because it's inherently better.
And yes, BTC is not usable for microtransactions in itself, but with Lightning and other Layer 2 things, it can be. (And with a public ledger, it's easy to see where money is going if something goes wrong. Of course, with mixing services, and Zcash and whatever, it's hard to keep it in the open. But that's again a problem that can be iterated on, and it's up to the users. Let's hope blockchain users will better educate themselves against scams than the common man.)
We shall see.
@_date: 2017-06-17 22:06:28
block size is problematic because of propagation delay and orphaning. the pool that last mined a block has an inherent advantage. small, but pretty consistent.
@_date: 2017-06-17 22:41:56
and? you have cryptographic guarantees, not just a nice letterheaded sheet of paper.
it's not a bank.
@_date: 2017-06-17 20:51:51
Can someone link to the comment by that kind reddit user?
@_date: 2017-06-17 19:49:22
What is AXA?
@_date: 2017-06-20 10:35:25
It's not wrong, but you can chose other hubs. Amazon is just popular, because it drives a lot of traffic.
But if you decidedly establish a channel to a settlement hub, let's say to "Decentralized Freedom" hub, then you can use that.
Decentralization doesn't mean everybody has equal transaction volume, it just means every node is just as unimportant as the others. So if Amazon tries to charge too high fees, duh, people will migrate away.
The bottleneck is the opening of the channels. Which of course forces some drastically perverse incentives for high intermediary fees (because no one will want to open a channel that itself costs relatively a lot of money, plus requires placing coins in limbo/escrow, to avoid a small - but still too high fee).
So the best solution is prevention. Educate users, found non-profit settlement hubs. (The same way Mozilla et al. started LetsEncrypt as a non-profit, people can start a dedicated free settlement Lightning hub, and fund the server/network maintenance costs via flattr/patreon/whatever.)
@_date: 2017-06-17 20:28:00
Also fabs are fully booked, Antminer earliest shipment is in August.
Current average electricity price in the US is 0.12 USD/kWh, Antminer S9 consumes about 1300 W, so that's 112 USD/month. But S9 has 14TH/s output.
So, it looks like a good deal.
@_date: 2017-06-17 22:02:26
it's very much bitcoin, you need bitcoin to open up a payment channel. and when nLT closes, you get bitcoin in the end.
@_date: 2017-06-19 11:51:33
Yeah, that's what I'm saying. To associate Chinese miners with the Chinese Government (be it the Politburo or whatever Communist Party organ), is foolish. It's a conspiracy theory. And even if it's a Chinese nation state thing, it's not clear what they want to do with the miners, with bitcoin, etc. It's *very* hard to know the intent of a big heap of powerful minds. (They rule 1 billion people, real life cities, armies, fighter jets, submarines, and so on. Maybe they have a Black R&amp;D department and some guy there requested/got funds to fuck with bitcoin, or Satoshi is a Chinese guy, and so on. And? Maybe that guy the puppetmaster behind the Chinese miners. But are those puppets really that powerless?)
So it's a much complicated explanation, with a lot more possibilities, and a lot less predictive power.
I'm not saying it's impossible, or that "the Chinese would never do such a thing", no, that'd be foolish. I'm just saying that the probability of something like that is minuscule compared to the simple explanation of guys close to cheap hydro electricity and with a bit of risk taking in their blood started mining ops.
@_date: 2017-06-17 21:31:25
LN can work on LTC, because it has segwit.
LN on BTC can't work, because it doesn't have segwit.
LN is not something in itself that can "have SW".
@_date: 2017-06-17 19:49:01
The lack of time allotted for testing is pretty much a red flag the size of Everest, it screams about incompetence.
But that doesn't mean it can't be done.
@_date: 2017-06-17 20:42:45
They are old transactions, they are safe. The important thing is, don't move them using new-transactions before it's supported by the target and your wallet.
@_date: 2017-06-20 13:49:25
Ah, "weak blocks" looks like a mechanism of consensus on what to work on. Good, because it's harder to fake, requires proof of work, so it's sort of binding (because if you've spend some time producing a weak block, it's unlikely that you just for the hell of it do a covert one too, and you still have to propagate that too somehow in time).
Well, the blocks are full. Fees are high. Confirmation delay is sort of high too. It's debatable if it's a problem or not.
But instead of requiring a minimum fee (miners could simply leave out TXs without a min fee), the community is doing this waiting game with increasing the block size. (Or reducing time between blocks.)
And of course, my perception is pretty much skewed anyhow, because I don't follow the primary sources, but who has time for all that bickering!?
@_date: 2017-06-18 23:24:56
But why would miners want that? They want to make money. They can maximize profits if fees are relatively high and transactions are plentiful. That requires a healthy network. That requires that people trust it.
Why would miners want any of those things you listed?
@_date: 2017-06-26 11:35:49
Everything has trade offs. What do you see as a downside of segwit?
@_date: 2017-06-17 18:52:28
The miner code?
@_date: 2017-06-20 10:56:41
They can already shut down the largest exchanges.
Fundamentally, the threat model against "state level actors" in people's heads is very much full of hyperboles.
If such an actor really wants to go after someone, they do it. [See]( this very recent piece about how the Kremlin operates. At this threat level you don't gain much from blockchain technologies, you need to blend in, to be anonymous, you need amazingly good OPSEC, and you have to hide in plain sight.
The real threat bitcoin should focus on is competitors with high lobby budgets. Eg. the old guard of financial technology providers. And they can easily "attack" bitcoin, they just whisper into the ears of legislators and tell them how dreadful those darknet markets are, and they all use .. gasp, bitcoin!
So, in that sense, the best thing against that is more widespread adoption, more investment, and so on. That same corporatism that a lot of conspiracy-minded users fear. (Of course, there are good and bad outcomes from investment, but that's a different problem.)
@_date: 2017-06-20 15:20:52
I mean in a global scalability sense. It needs blocks that are two orders of magnitude bigger.
@_date: 2017-06-17 20:03:35
[500 usd]( allegedly gives you 4.7 TH/s (Antminer S7). That's [140 USD/month]( so it'll repay its price in less than half a year. (Of course you have to pay for electricity too.)
@_date: 2017-06-17 21:27:45
Thanks! It sounds pretty useful!
@_date: 2017-06-17 19:50:55
In your opinion why Core devs don't like segwit2x?
@_date: 2017-06-17 20:49:09
Why do they want to centralize the network?
@_date: 2017-06-20 15:27:14


I think that's unnecessary, this year. Better to spin up the sidechains first, and build better diagnostics systems and so on for handling upgrades.
A time decrease (decrease difficulty, block reward, increase reward halving time, and so on for other corresponding adjustments) would result in small blocks, maybe that could be done with a soft-fork.
But eventually the blockchain will have to conceptually handle upgrades. (Versions coexisting, soft migration, whatever the name/terminology.)
@_date: 2017-06-17 20:08:39
That's not a rational argument.
All we know is they want money. Therefore they want a network that has high TX fees, but not dead.
If BTC were centralized, no one would use it. Therefore there would be no transactions and no fees to earn.
They are [incompetent]( short-sighted (and greedy - but who isn't, they are just a lot more short-term thinking than greedy) not malicious.
@_date: 2017-06-20 10:11:47
The problem is, that it'll be financially riskier (economically disadvantaged) to mine outside China, which is the problem, because slowly [or not so slowly], that'll leads to concentration and consolidation, which is centralization.
@_date: 2017-06-20 10:23:16
LN is just as cryptographically secure though.
And the channel by default closes in ~10 days, with all the money going back to you.
You can spend from it by splitting up the channel, most of it still going back to you, but some part of it goes to someone else, with a slightly decreased closing time. (So the receiving party is sure to get the money, and you can't defraud them.)
@_date: 2017-06-20 10:17:34
We're talking about less than a second. And there's [FIBRE](
Since average time between blocks is measured in [minutes]( currently mining (distribution) is dominated by pure hashpower (distribution) and some chance.
I think the centralization concerns are *very* valid, but so far I haven't seen data, that bigger block size would lead to a serious (significant) skew in geographic distribution of block production.
But this speaks more about my ignorance, not necessarily about the lack of such studies.
@_date: 2017-06-20 10:20:10
That's too much on one hand (I have an NFC PayPass MasterCard card and I pay less than 10 USD per year), and too little on [the other](
@_date: 2017-06-20 10:58:31
Many preestablished hops are cheaper in this case. Opening channels is costly. (That's the current bottleneck.)
@_date: 2013-11-28 11:36:52
Settling? Settling a deflatory-by-design currency? Why use such words?
@_date: 2017-06-20 10:27:25
Miners are greedy by definition, and they want to maximize their life time profit. It follows that they want to process as many tx as possible, hence they are not really in for second layer solutions that drive away transactions.
Of course neither of us is a perfect rational mind, so they probably have a short sighted view (bounded rationality), and they estimated that it's worth extracting as much value out of their current ASIC setup as they can, and not try to grow the whole blockchain ecosystem and participate in that long term. (They are already in the best place to offer higher layer solution, and or whatever processing services for those solutions.)
@_date: 2017-06-17 19:31:09
ah, that clears it up, thanks!
@_date: 2017-06-07 18:49:16
Hey, so I've taken the time to [answer]( OP, maybe you're interested too.
@_date: 2017-06-07 18:48:37
So, I haven't answered you question yet, because it's .. complicated.
I can't speak on behalf of Blockstream, I haven't even heard about them except for 2 instances of people discussing segwit itself. (I know that they support it by employing the principal author of the segwit proposal/patch/code.)
People like cryptocurrencies because they are very "libertarian", no state can claim authority, it provides a sort of free market (not just because of the pseudo-anonymity achievable via mixing), and so on. Yet at the same time a lot of people want to somehow control it, prevent others from profiting from any aspect of it, building on it, and so on. - Or at least scaremonger with slogans that resonate with people who feel that a company with investors [related to banking and finance] is a company that made a Faustian deal (with the devil).
The segwit mechanism technically is important for security reasons, mainly "[transaction malleability]( (which is basically rewriting a transaction in the mempool before it becomes "minted" or mined into a block), which means that [micro]transactions are risky, and you have to wait a few blocks for confirmation. (As it was "intended". Transactions were never meant to be taken as fact before "mining consensus". But of course, technology is not carved in stone, it's not a sacred method handed down to us from the Heavens by the Prophet Nakamoto ... it's a clever combination of technologies, but it should be better - to allow safer [micro]transactions.)
The second problem it solves is the script versioning. It's again important for long-term evolution of Bitcoin. I don't see how that (and microstransactions) can be used for ... rent seeking.
Currently rent seeking is done by miners. They extract the fee. Of course, they provide a service (validating transactions, preventing double-spend, keeping the ledger consistent), but the fee is a direct result of an artificial barrier (block size).
Of course [hash rate is growing]( [permalink]( and mining profits are self-correcting in a sense. (Since if fees become too high more people start to mine to try to capture some of the slice. But that doesn't help with the block size, sure, some miners could start a [hard]fork to increase the block-size, but that's a risky move, they'd need at least about 65% of the network to successfully force the chain to be their fork. - it's not 50% + 1 because probability of mining a block is low and so it can be that the "bad guys" mine a few faster than you; of course in the "long run", as in infinite time, 50%+1 is enough mathematically.) 
[Here]( is a pretty good comment about the global effects of deflation, and [here]( a finance-driven approach (great question and answer).
Therefore, I think the future will be interesting. (Consider this [comment]( which mentions [Moloch]( - yes it's a long read, but .. it's a must to understand our [possible] future[s].)
More details on [segwit]( which links to [this veeeeeeeery detailed analysis of costs and risks]( The increased size in bytes is not that interesting, things will have to increase anyhow (better crypto usually needs more bytes, unless you can come up with something better than elliptic curve crypto), and there are some increase in size due to backward compatibility - that is to make this a soft fork - but that's also optional (because it's script controlled, so you can simply use the less secure script variant, that's smaller, and thus costs less in fees), and later a newer change can consolidate these increases into just a byte.
The block size increase is actually not necessary for segwit, it's just something that makes sense. (Otherwise the additional segwit data would make the max transaction count smaller per block, and it's something that legacy clients can't parse anyhow.)
Block size increase has problems because of propagation delays, which make the mining race harder (see [orphan blocks]( (There is a network for pools to connect to, called [FIBRE]( - see how [important]( this was [and still is] for Slush - to help with minimizing this latency.) Additionally, if you are a big pool, chances are, you'll win the race, and because your pool members can get notified first about you mining the block, they can start working on it the fastest, so you have an edge. But then probability is a bitch, and maybe a small pool wins next, just because.
And larger blocks could not be mined on older miners, so some miners could simply give up mining, instead of buying new equipment. Thus it could result in centralization.
So, maybe instead of raising the block size to 4M (segwit) or 8M (bitcoin unlimited), the time between blocks should be decreased. (Duh... it would be a hard fork, and of course that would lead to "more" orphaned blocks, but actually not more, because the blockchain is a - theoretically - infinite series of blocks, just you'd see them sooner, because they are coming faster, both good and bad events. Those who complain about increased data usage have no place at the table, because capacity increase is needed, which would mean more data anyhow.)
All in all. I think the people who say things like "BTC Core is blocking all improvements for 1 reason to push shitwit, and use LN to make BTC into an Offchain Fractional Reserve banking system." are ignorant, selfish, and inconsistent. Because the improvements (all the BIPs) are/were done by Core people, and segwit is itself an improvement, and there are not other proposed improvement that they are "blocking", they are just not supporting hard-fork madness clients.
And of course, having LN or any layer 2 network on BTC is something that would *strengthen* BTC, not weaken it, so .. why are they opposing it!? (Maybe they have moral arguments, but they are probably pretty weak, and wholly inconsistent with libertarian/self-determination/anarchist ideas.)
@_date: 2017-06-17 22:09:38
Well, currently miners like the high fees, so they don't really want bigger blocks.
@_date: 2017-06-20 12:10:29


I know.
But your reply is not a comprehensive analysis/study. (I'm not saying it's bogus, just that I don't really understand it.)
How do pools work?
How miners connect to pools?
How pools connect to each other?
How latency matters in these connections? What's the latency?
Pools emit blocks. But are blocks individually emitted by particular miners or are they always emitted by the pool management server?
The p2p network picks up the block. What about FIBRE? Does that help? Maybe it's irrelevant? Deprecated?
How much latency does the GFC (Great Firewall of China) introduces, why? Can it be overcome? (Will the GFC adapt to that?)
I found this article, but haven't thoroughly read it yet: 
One issue is, that the signal that block found is itself tiny, it shouldn't take that much time to cross the globe. (Of course it's debatable, that without the full block data it's hard to distinguish a real signal from a fake one. But for that non-Chinese based pools could operate a dedicated machine inside the GFC to check the block first and send the signal if it's valid.)
Furthermore, [the p2p code]( can and should be optimized. (Though that's a one year old comment.)
There's the [IBLT proposal]( too, that cites the fast relay network too. (Of course the problem with the FIBRE network is that it's a single point of failure in this sense. Too few nodes, too easy to attack.)
The article mentions a 8% financial loss, that's pretty serious. For that operating a dedicated trusted signal node in China would worth it!
And the pre-broadcasting (broadcasting the block currently being worked on) would solve most of the problems associated with block propagation.
@_date: 2013-04-05 10:26:16
Manners please.
Also, you can measure overprinting, it's called the CPI, and it's a fairly calculable rate. The problem is, people are not factoring it into their decisions. (Understandable, why would they, no one is born a fucking financial analyst.) The dirty little secret is not inflation, but that no government wants to tie wages directly to the CPI. (Sure, there are reasons for that, but I don't think they hold water, especially because those "dangers" are minuscule compared to the continuing devaluation of wages.)
Furthermore, it's a bit unethical to exploit the early adopter advantage, because it just perpetuates the injustice of the carelessly wealthy. It's not different from buying up financial instruments during a crash and making a profit on them later. (Yes, it's good that you were there and provided "liquidity", but that means you very likely took advantage of small investors seeing their life savings burn to pieces.) Though, I'm not saying don't do this, just know, that the incentives in the system are not aligned with the longer term interests of society.
@_date: 2013-03-08 11:36:27
[It adapts pretty fast]( I wouldn't worry a bit about it.
@_date: 2017-06-17 19:35:49
they are not blocking it. NO means they don't support that form of *deployment*.
@_date: 2017-06-17 22:08:37
LN is already implemented. It was already live. That's how the problem of transaction malleability was discovered - sort of.
@_date: 2013-12-29 07:16:30
Why? Show me a micro- or macroeconomics model you understand well, hasn't been discredited in journals, but you know that it's bullshit.
Oh, models are not the real thing? Well, neither are maps, but it's still much more useful for navigation than a pretty picture.
It's a statistical and theoretical science. It has even more variables than Physics, and no option to build a Large Economics Collider, so it needs a few more centuries to match the usability of hard sciences.
Bullshit is what comes out of people's mouth who talk about economics without keeping these in mind, and yes, a lot of times these are economists themselves. And then they fail to own their failures.
Economists as a community are also liable for having debates regressing into flame wars and then just silently forgetting to declare winners, that's why there is so much contradictory information on the web about economics. But actually Wikipedia is kept pretty up-to-date with regards to the state of the science on important problems in economics.
@_date: 2017-06-18 23:21:39
bip148 cannot fork [only miners can], but bip148 conforming nodes will try to force a fork.
any block not signaling bip9 (top 3 bits 001 +  1&lt;&lt;1) will be rejected by the mempool of bip148 conforming nodes.
the question is will miners start to emit bip148 conforming blocks? will they see enough propagation delay from bip148 nodes to make the change?
of course, game theory dictates, that since emitting "bip148/bip9 blocks" is backward compatible, thus will (should) be accepted by all nodes, that's what they'll do. but of course there's a longer term [larger picture] behind this, maybe some nodes will want to stall bip9 deployment [because they are paranoid, or maybe because they actually have good reasons, but we don't know what are those, because they failed to cut through the noise &lt;but that'd be a pretty small minority of nodes&gt;], and maybe miners themselves have a strong opinion on bip9 [such as they want to remain on 1MB block sizes to force high fees].
segwit2x of course indicates that something will happen.
yes, MASF is safer, but segwit2x has a proposed MAHF in it [the 2MB part].
we shall see.
@_date: 2017-06-20 12:12:47
Yes, using the ledger (the blockchain) as a distributed routing database is .. well, it's amazingly simple and genius level elegant.
@_date: 2017-06-20 13:06:24
What's wrong with Gavin? And what's wrong with his idea?
Okay, if compact blocks are IBLT, what's the average latency for block propagation nowadays? The compact blocks FAQ doesn't really explain what's the version 2 of compact blocks, but mentions that v1 wasn't really for reducing latency. (Just to save bandwidth.) But the latency is a direct result of large size, and v1 reduced the size, no?
And the propagation work amortization (pre-broadcasting the currently worked on block) is not implemented. Was that dismissed? If so, why?
@_date: 2017-06-17 20:35:20
SegWit2x starts by activating BIP9 (SegWit) via BIP91 (80% miner activated soft fork), and then should do a hard fork to increase base block size to 2MB.
And btc1 already [merged]( bip91 enforcement.
@_date: 2013-03-27 08:00:27
are there reliable remailers? won't the USG just go after them then?
@_date: 2017-06-20 11:09:50


Do you have a source for that? Someone says Visa did 100M in 2008. That'd be a pretty huge increase.
Ah, I just went ahead and searched for it.
"VisaNet handles an average of 150 million transactions every day and is capable of handling more than 24,000 transactions per second." from usa.visa.com -- 150 million * 365 = 54B
They did 141 billion transactions in 2016 (payment and cash withdrawal) - 
That said, the math still checks out here:  - but it's worth mentioning that the document says that __some blocks can be half a gigabyte__.
@_date: 2017-06-17 20:46:27
LN is implemented, it works, it just isn't "100% safe" (as nothing is, but since mempool transaction malleability lowers safety relative to standard bitcoin, it's "on hold". As soon as segwit activates, LN becomes safer.
I don't know enough about the other aspects of how LN interacts with BTC.
@_date: 2013-08-28 07:50:57
It's usually understood, that when someone gives you something they want something in return, or at least it wasn't for nothing.
So if a large sum of untraceable BTC were to land on someone's desk ...
@_date: 2017-06-17 20:16:23
People are constantly buying ASICs, the hash rate is going up. Chinese are just buying more. (Probably because of cheaper electricity.)
There is still about 56 orders of magnitude to maximum difficulty. (So a new hash scheme will have to be selected by then.)
Math: [678760110082]( / [2**224]( = 2.5176612e-56
@_date: 2017-06-17 20:14:51
Ah, so THAT [AXA invested in Blockstream](
@_date: 2017-06-17 21:34:48
Then people will migrate off BTC.
All we know is that miners have invested a lot in ASIC miners, they have access to cheap electricity, so they want to keep making a lot of money. They are not good samaritans, but they're probably not these conspiracy figures either. 
@_date: 2013-05-25 06:56:45
It's interesting, because in Europe (at least in Hungary), shops contract with banks and they install a POS terminal which accepts basically any kind of magtaped/chipped plastic slidethrough thingie. And then it's up to the merchant's bank to do the collection, and they also participate in the chargeback process as far as I know. 
@_date: 2013-11-28 21:10:38
The half of the [pump and dump scheme]( By buying a lot of stuff you move prices up. As others see prices going up, they start buying themselves. You then sell at the higher price, cashing out. It's fraud if you actually tell people falsehoods about an investment instrument to encourage them to buy.
@_date: 2013-08-28 07:44:53
It's .. interesting. These people are not necessarily evil, and shitbags. They are just [corruptible]( as anyone [[fyi]( They probably want jobs, after all, what would they gain from more unemployment (which fosters crime like there's no tomorrow)? They just think that the projects that have something to do with people who pay for their campaigns are better, so they support that and thus naturally oppose others. 
It's natural. People are shit at making unbiased decisions. It's rational, why would you bite the hand that feeds you? Thus the problem is money in politics.
@_date: 2013-08-09 11:57:13
I was a hunch that your idea would be this! It sounds good. I think allowing both parties to specify a "freshness" would mean that they don't have to have a perfect sync, only that they have a fresh enough and valid tree of certificates. (So, like in a git repo it's enough if you can find a valid commit ID that both parties have.)
The only serious problem might be the size of the CertTree.
@_date: 2013-05-25 07:26:15
27% here. On everything.
Small companies can opt to go VAT free until they reach 27K USD revenue in a year. (The PPP ratio is 154 beteween the USA and Hungary, so it's basically 1.54 * 27K USD, and you'd have to account for all the other various taxation differences.)
@_date: 2017-06-20 11:10:29
Not necessarily, the channel open/close transaction is still too expensive.
@_date: 2013-11-28 21:55:42
Risk taking. Risking things for higher wins, profit, yields. Dopamine. The adrenaline rush.
@_date: 2013-04-14 14:52:14
Aren't there overnight or other secondary forex markets?
@_date: 2017-06-22 07:40:22
Crazy numbers. And they of course do some fraud prevention/analysis, provide dispute settlement services/mediation, and so on. And they try to keep members (merchants, banks, gateways) honest by conducting audits.
@_date: 2017-06-17 20:43:42
What are these upgrades?
@_date: 2017-06-17 19:55:09
it's a good thing that they support scaling solutions, but ... [their technical incompetence is laughably severe](
@_date: 2013-11-28 21:51:53
I mean, gold is not a medium of exchange, because it's hard to securely transport, give and even store for a small time, not to mention divisibility.
So, BTC in theory could always benefit from this dual role.
@_date: 2013-05-28 10:47:18
That's love for you.
@_date: 2013-03-08 11:54:37
@_date: 2013-08-28 07:53:41
Invest it, duh. (Buy low management overhead index funds.)
@_date: 2013-12-29 07:25:50
He can be right about some things and dead wrong about others .. at the same time!
QE sort-of-works, it's just converting assets into cash, thus helping further investments/risk-taking. Sovereign Debt is well understood by anyone who thought it through. If you have opportunities to have a positive ROI, and free credit, then you should take it. The US has serious problems in the global rat race, and it should attend to them before they turn for the worse (incarceration rate coupled with a sad state of rehabilitation efforts, too high birth rate, an increasingly vocal and insane minority influencing public policy, Medicare/Medicaid spending will rise substantially as the baby boomer age cohort gets older), all of this requires a lot of capital to turn around, but will require more, so a debt is a no-brainer in these cases.
@_date: 2013-08-08 15:50:33
What is a merkle-chain? Don't you mean merkle-tree?
@_date: 2013-04-05 14:29:46
The advantage of BTC is that it isn't PayPal or Western Union.
Fraud (tax evasion included), money laundering, criminals transferring large amounts of drug money, and so on are real problems, but the international solution became a ruthless and uniform crackdown on the free movement of money. Which is bad for business and hence for the global economy. But it's a problem that should be handled at the the ends of the transactions. Criminals sending drug money should be caught before/while sending it, and legislators and law enforcement shouldn't blanket ban transactions. (Or enact and enforce policies that don't really encourage legit business exchanges cross-border.)
@_date: 2013-04-17 10:38:59
Sub milisecond. So at least 1000 trades/sec per share. Actually, matching is done in about one microsecond these days, and if you have low network latencies, then .. well, you can play the HFT game.
@_date: 2013-08-28 15:39:09
They don't need to be. Honest people get into the system and get corrupted. Voted in or hired, doesn't matter. (Much so, since the financial regulation "sector" is just a revolving door between politicians' staffs, lobbyists firms and financial institutions.)
Plus the occasional scumbags, and people who find that they rather enjoy this negative influence.
@_date: 2013-03-08 12:05:00
If you use BTC as a medium of exchange not as a store of value, then it's just a convienient way to send/receive direct transfers (and you can sell/buy locally in hard cash in every major population center; plus there are ways to buy/sell via credit cards and wire transfers).
If you want to invest in it, then you can't really guess (or properly estimate) the expected price variation, but then it's not that different from other "non phyisical goods" investments.
And just with the stock market, it can swing widely in a given year, but in 5-10 years it shows a positive trend. (That's why investment means portfolio management, which means responsibly buying some short term stable financial vehicles/instruments [such as oil, or US Treasury bonds] besides the long term ones.) So, these are valid concerns, but if you look around in the world you'll find that both value and risk are very much relative. (Because, even though statistically we live in the most peaceful of times, that doesn't mean there won't be dark years in the future.)
@_date: 2013-11-28 11:33:40
And that's why Wall Street got addicted to cocaine and hazards.
@_date: 2013-11-28 21:44:44
It looks like BTC is a perfect global store of excess money/capital. If you need it, you cash out, do something, buy BTC with the returns. If someone blows all of his on a 4K display, well, maybe those displays are produced at a new startup funded by someone's BTC and the price of that gadget will help feed people and their dreams, then the excess will get back to the blockchain.
Could this work forever? Would it whitstand a war? A(n other) global recession? Would there be too much clustering of needs and excess to destabilize the upward trend?
We shall see.
@_date: 2013-11-28 21:19:04
So, how many times people have to learn, that markets are very hard to predict with any certainty for any reasonable timeframe and small fry investors (aka laypeople) are almost guaranteed to lose?
@_date: 2013-12-19 00:42:42
Well, yes, but you're not helping either :|
@_date: 2013-11-29 05:49:58
The theory is very similar (and completely silly when driven to these extremes) to the interstate commerce clause. By opting to ride with your roommate you have made alternate providers forgo a fare (such as schoolbus providers, cabs/taxis, Uberers, the underground/subway/metro, whatever), and since those other providers would have paid tax, your mate should pay too.
The classic example I know of is housebuilding. If you invite your pals over on a weekend to raise a stable (let's assume you live in a reasonable state where not everything needs a building permit, it just has to be safe, but let's not digress), thus you hurt the seasonal job market, by not utilizing the help of others and by not paying them. So, you employed your pals, but you haven't reported them (hidden employment, or whatever the technical term), and you haven't paid them minimal wage, which is against the law.
So, yes, sure, most sane states, countries and taxation systems just allow people to give gifts to a certain value. (Either in cash, labor or material/natural stuff.) But there are horror stories from all over the world about what is being taxed/fee'd that sounds crazy. (For example in Hungary you can't just have guests, you have to pay tourism tax after them, except for people in your strict family. Maybe it's just a few municipalities, but .. still, it's a thing.)
@_date: 2013-11-28 21:25:26
Umm, the price crashes due to supply and demand. This will hurt people who wanted to store value/wealth in btc, but for poeple who want it as a medium of exchange it's no big deal.
Then there will be a new bunch who sees the low price as an opportunity to invest, so price will go up again.
And eventually this will continue as long as at least a few people are interested in buying, selling or using it.
@_date: 2013-08-28 07:52:21
If you have the proper tools. Like, um, wiretaps in every major datacenter!
@_date: 2013-11-28 05:30:18
It's a direct consequence of fair taxation. Whether taxation is morally fair or not, is a different question.
@_date: 2013-11-28 21:04:20
Which words or phrases give you problems?
"Wall of money" and resistance levels are indicators by the "limit order book" data and past activity. (Because if someone has a limit order of size N at price level X, then to move the price at least N*X money has to be spent, and if a lot of people think that "if it hits 1000, I'll fucking sell/buy", then you can sort of see, how much money has to flow into or out of the market to move the price. (it's resistance because works both ways)
Market cap is market capitalization, it shows how much capital all the instruments available on the market represent/worth. (Where instrument just means a financial thing, stuff, product, "investment vessel" (or vessel of investment), or stocks, bonds, futures contracts and so on.
These are not really terms of economics, it's pure finance.
Also, I don't think you'd get much out of reading a bunch of books, because it's a very fast changing and diverse world. So, the important thing is to always be asking questions.
@_date: 2013-11-28 05:33:42
What happens, according to this, if you hold hard cash USA dollars and the general price level goes down?
@_date: 2013-08-28 07:49:27
[I think]( it just doesn't work that way. They do have interests in job creation. Yes, your point is completely valid, that they view BTC as something out-of-their-world, that's why they organized this hearing. Just as there are Congressional hearings.
@_date: 2013-11-28 21:54:41
Not just, anything that's risky and produces (adrenaline and then) dopamine.
@_date: 2013-08-28 07:39:30
They instead have an informal know your place system, which is much, much worse. (And not just for the Chinese, and not just for foreign entrepreneurs.)
@_date: 2013-12-19 00:27:33
Fraud detection lagging behind? Incompetent event processing architecture?
@_date: 2013-11-29 03:38:31
Don't have to spend them, but covert to a less volatile currency. And that's what merchants do, they use BTC because it's convenient, but they still want USD at the end of the day.
@_date: 2013-05-25 07:09:01
Because network effects, and because you'd need to get in bed with merchants and consumers at the same time, so you'd need zillions of capital to be able to build up to a cashflow positive point while undercutting Visa&amp;Card on both fronts. Also expect legal problems (allegations of fraud, privacy concerns, data leaks, blablabla).
As I wrote to TheScriptKiddie below, in Europe (at least in Hungary) merchants contract a bank, not Visa or MasterCard directly, and the bank deploys a POS terminal at your shop, and it accepts every freaking kind of plastic gadget.
So a new provider could try to do the same in the US, but would quickly face impenetrable walls raised by the aforementioned two corporations. So it's back to lobbying, and you would need to make it an Issue, basically build a political movement to force the incumbents to open up. (This is interesting, because incumbents in the software sapce and on the Internet, like MySpace, Facebook, Google and Microsoft can be challenged more effectively, thanks to the zero-marginality-costs nature of software. So you can get users to sign up for your virtual-creditcard-site, because it's free for you and for them, and they can just install a browser addon in one click, whereas in the fleshy-meaty space we have to spend long minutes to read and fill and sign creditcard contracts, wait for the card, and keep it in our wallets and remember to use it in the rare shops that accept it besides Visa/Card.)
@_date: 2013-08-28 07:46:56
Could you elaborate on their use of violence, and especially, are you aware of [Lessig's view on politicians](