@_author: pashamur
@_date: 2018-01-21 06:28:18
Trading is most similar to poker. Most poker players are not profitable (and poker is not even zero-sum, since the house takes a rake in each game - similar to trading fees on exchanges), yet the good poker players can make a living doing it and win consistently over the long term by exploiting patterns and behaviors of the less experienced players. Same goes for the markets (stock, crypto, you name it).
Also, at the current point, all investment in crypto is speculation, bitcoin or not. I think people are deceiving themselves calling it an investment in any traditional sense of the word, since betting on crypto being the future of money is still a gamble, no matter how likely you think it is.
@_date: 2018-01-17 17:34:51
Actually, one bitcoin is appreciating: it's now worth one bitcoin + one bch + one bgold + ...
@_date: 2018-01-22 03:37:45
I wouldn't say "you'll lose in the long run" is necessarily true. There is certainly risk (counterparty risk being the major one - exchanges can get hacked, and you lose all your money).
There are more risky and less risky plays in the market, and there are a few in which the risk/reward ratio certainly favors reward. If you stick to those situations (and it's easy to say but by no means easy to do) you can come out ahead. 
(futures arbitrage with hedging / lending USD on bitfinex are examples of relatively low-risk plays that can get you small consistent gains. Also oversold bounces on bitcoin (when the price of bitcoin drops too quickly according to the indicators) are a pretty safe play if you know how to trade them. Check out TheChartGuys on youtube for a good channel on that.)
P.S. Some of the best returns in this market, since it's driven by hype, is if you can tap into real time news and find out about the news slightly faster than the market. And since the lag time of reaction to news in these markets can be substantial (sometimes order of minutes/hours), there are some opportunities there if you pick your spots carefully. But for sure you need to have a good mix of twitter/reddit/4chan/telegram/discord streams and get the best real-time information that you can.
@_date: 2018-04-08 22:28:35
I think that instead of market cap comparisons, it's better to compare trade volume (although that only works with the assumption of little wash trading volumes). That stat is slightly harder to game (again, not withstanding wash trading bots, which will hopefully at some point be regulated away)