@_author: paskie
@_date: 2015-12-20 18:00:12
Re lkml, I think you are overestimating Linus' involvement in day-to-day activities. In order for contributions / discussions to fall aside, they need to be ignored collectively, that was the point I was trying to make.
I'm not that familiar with the particulars here, I'm just operating on the assumption that people like Jeff Garzik and PeterR who did a lot of work on Bitcoin in the past are a priori unlikely to stop understanding it and start proposing obviously false arguments. So the more likely explanation is that the obvious fallacies are maybe not so obvious for all rational people and instead stem from different visions and opinions, and if someone could sensibly show cases of such a moderation, that's going to be really dangerous.
Or maybe all current Bitcoin devs regard Jeff Garzik, PeterR etc. as quacks right now, and I missed a couple of important news. But do they really?
@_date: 2015-12-20 13:41:17
It's worth pointing out that there are alternatives to aggressive moderation - for example in lkml, a lot of the emails and patches are simply ignored or skipped by most readers. When someone with good reputation replies, that attracts more attention and more replies etc. So the moderation is implicit and decentralized. The cost is that there is *a lot* of false negatives, i.e. messages that get ignored unjustly, and often you need to resend your patch a couple of times until it gets noticed, especially if you have no prior reputation. But it's been working out all right for the kernel.
I think in the case of aggressive moderation, you'd be wise to (*at the same moment*) establish a parallel communication channel that's not moderated, or moderated just against obviously off-topic/troll stuff. This way, you can provide official venue for people to discuss and flesh out a priori rejected proposals, and you'll see a lot less backlash from people who feel threatened/silenced (because what you want to do *is* quite controversial and without many precedents).
Finally, you'll give the community the option to non-disruptively evolve back to less restrictive moderation if it turns out that this is not working out - people can just vote by their feet instead of having flamewars about it. (E.g. glibc used to have a libc-hack mailinglist that was very restricted and with similar goals, but it got quickly marginalized and abandoned in favor of parallel, much more open libc-devel.)
(Edit+Note: I also think that in general, this way of moderation is a bad idea that may end with a disaster, especially if you are going to moderate posts of influential people that don't have totally obvious mistakes but just based on nuanced arguments. You're essentially shifting the discussion from the open to the moderation queue. But I'm not sure I can convince you of this, so I just want to apply my experience with collaborating on large open source projects and offer a way for graceful failure mode in case I'm right.)
@_date: 2016-03-05 11:47:47
Average blocksize has went over .5MB only last spring/summer.