@_author: passivebtctrader
@_date: 2017-08-06 03:27:54
I've been involved with this company for over 27 days now.  The results are in, its fucking awesome.  I made $1k last month from just returns on my investment and sunk it back into the company hoping to keep growing it.  My goal is to do this for about 2 years and buy a house. 
I know some are skeptical but this is actually a blessing.  I don't know how to change someones mind if its made up, all I can say is give it a chance and start small if your on the fence.  Thats what I did.  I saw the result and went in for more, here I am about to double down and go even harder.  
This is NOT a buy and sell the same day and make money type of quick cash, this is for long term investors and people that are trying to make profits over a period of time, at least 6 months.  If you can be patient and let your money work for you then you will understand.
I made this account just to post information related to this.  I have other accounts that I use for personal stuff and for fun.  I'm a average regular nerd.  I just didn't want people all up in my business and all of my post history for my other stuff, I made this one strictly to discuss BTC investing, it was never to try and be sneaky on another.  I want to see people succeed and everyone win.  I hope you guys enjoy yourselves and have a great day!
@_date: 2017-07-28 19:15:10
Just wanted to chime in again and continue to share my story for anyone out there thats interested.  I'm already up (0.0190) so far today alone, about $52.
For anyone out there trying to diversify their investments or generate some passive income reccomend this route!  Everything is super secure and 2FA (two factor authentication) is suggested on everything.
Lets ride this BTC roller coaster together guys!
This is a great opportunity, and I'm very thankful and blessed to be able to share it with others!
This is nothing to sell, this is AN INVESTMENT!  This is no get rich quick scheme, this is a great source of passive income to help you and your family out!
If you have any questions don't hesitate to DM or message me or however you want to connect.
I'm a working class man like the majority of those out there, just trying to set myself up for a better future and if I have a chance to help others as well, then I'm going to try!