@_author: passepartout1992
@_date: 2016-07-28 13:17:53
:) you are obviously free to believe in whatever you want.
If I was a troll by the government I am sure missing my paycheck. Also I am not even a US citizen haha
@_date: 2016-07-28 13:24:03


? 
has nothing to do with printed money...
Bank A has x liabilities (in whatever form) and y deposits. It might only hold a "fraction" of the liabilities in actual, liquid cash... So there is only 1/10 (a fraction) of your deposited money in the accounts of the bank... the rest is used to earn interest elsewhere.
This is an obvious business practice.
@_date: 2016-07-28 12:56:54
The video is mostly inaccurate,conspiracy bullshit.
It´s not news or a secret that the USD is a fiat currency.
The Banks don´t just print money, the FED does.  The revenue generated by the FED is mostly returned to the treasury. Only a relatively small part of the revenue is paid as (addmittetly high) interest to the FEDs "members of the FED" (private banks that hold a stake in the FED, but also have to commit a substantial amount to the FED for their Membership, as well as face additional regulations and capital requirements).
While it is true that by adjusting the monetary supply, through bond/stock purchases or emergency creditlines (printing money) the FED can impact and target the inflation rate, it´s not true that it´s only the private banks that profit.
Also one would have to differentciate between the FEDs day to day operations in the local branches (the guy talks about the phonebook entry from one) that have very little on those monetary policy actions. The local branches basically supply the payment systems that banks can connect to in the background (SORT/SEPA), collect data on the economic situation of their territory... On the other side there is the NY FED and the "Open Market Commitee" which consists of eleven elected members and a chairman (refered to as the chair of the FED, the video displayed ex-chairman Allan Greenspan).
The whole idea to SEPARATE government and monetary policy actions IS BRILLIANT, but not because - as the video might want to make you believe - a highly secret inner-circle of private banks control the economy.
If you would allow direct government control over the money supply, as it often is the case in smaller countries, the results are usually super inflation and an economic collapse.
I love bitcoin, I believe in the concept of it, and there is so many reasons why the control of a currency shouldn´t be centralized, but this video is terrible.
@_date: 2016-07-28 14:10:56
Sure... I don´t think that the system we have is perfect.
But it´s understandable that it developed this way. There was no way for a decentralized currency to work just a couple of decades ago. Someone needs to create money, whether it´s a community or a government.
@_date: 2016-07-28 14:30:27
This multiplier could be seen as "printing" money as well. Though it´s ultimately limited, controled and therefor capped solely by the FED.
So, I stand corrected: The FED creates, "prints" the money initially, which is multiplied by banks up to a certain max. multiplier which is dependant on the capital requirements for banks.