@_author: pasterxlog
@_date: 2013-05-06 12:22:55
What a convenient way to exit a discussion you are losing.
@_date: 2013-04-30 22:23:16
Even if they are, how does your goofy criticism diminish the point of the article? It's like saying a misspelled word nullifies the spirit of the thing. Your focusing on minutia while the whole point of the blog is to point out that Bitcoin may be undervalued. What are you trying to achieve again? Are you saying the author is stupid because of a potentially debatable comment they made about silver? What about the rest of it?
I think it's people like you that really make progress difficult. I guess that's how I feel about it. :-)
@_date: 2013-05-01 21:05:25
Are you saying this person is snarky because he's defending himself against accusations of fraud? That's snarky to you?
I think it sounds like a pretty good idea, and I'm frankly offended that some of you are so quick to turn it into something nasty like this. Grow up.
@_date: 2013-04-30 23:58:58
You are right. You should sell. I just did. Bitcoin is stupid and people who buy them are just using monopoly money. This is a bubble. It's also a fad. Supply and demand are myths created by the Illuminati. I would also like to point out that the telephone is dumb. So are cars. And planes. People should not use those things because they are just stupid fads and technology is bad. Here are some other things that are stupid and bad.
- credit.
- credit cards.
- people who use credit cards.
- people who issue credit cards.
- checks.
- banks.
- walkie-talkies.
- indoor plumbing.
- toasters.
- canned beans.
People should only read books. Wait. No. Books are bad too. They are stupid and people just use them because they don't know any better. People should just sit under trees and eat chicken and radishes. That's all people should do.
Computers and the Internet are stupid too. People who use those things are just getting sucked into a mania. Dumbasses.
You are so right about bitcoin. Lucky for the rest of us you are here to warn us before we get too carried away with our stupidity and foolish adoption of a clearly revolutionary technology.
@_date: 2013-04-30 22:36:37
That's a good start.
@_date: 2013-05-08 13:22:59
There's no way the government is going to successfully regulate bitcoin: 
@_date: 2013-05-01 21:37:19
Wait. You are saying that he's "childish" for responding to accusations of fraud. But then you respond to his "childishness" by calling him "snarky." But you are, of course, not childish.
When the Internet was created, it was nothing. It needed entrepreneurs and new ideas to expand and grow. How is the Bitcoin community supposed to grow if every time someone comes up with a new idea it gets called a scam?
If you think this guy is snarky, that's fine. Don't give him your business. But don't call him unprofessional because he uses a little sarcasm to dispatch an infantile insult to the integrity of his project. There's nothing productive about the way any of this is being handled.
I see a website that could use some work. It's obvious this project is being bootstrapped. But it also sounds like a good idea. If we believe in Bitcoin and anything that goes along with it, why would we act this way toward somebody who's got a new idea (or purported new idea).
Could it be fraud? Sure. But it also might not be fraud, and these people look like they are going to a lot of lengths to make it clear that they are trying to be honest. At least that's what it seems like to me.
@_date: 2013-04-30 23:36:12
You're obviously a genius. We're all so lucky you have a keyboard and an opinion. When bitcoin went from $30 to $3, I remember people talking about how "overvalued" it was, pointing tp the "volatility." They were smart too, and I bet they feel very lucky they didn't buy any bitcoin at $3. Because that would have been real stupid. 
I think you should be like them and definitely not buy any bitcoins. Even though you say you don't have much market knowledge, the smartest thing you can do is stay away from bitcoin. But make sure you voice your opinion aggressively. Because your opinion is important. Even if you admit you don't have market knowledge. Seriously. Thank you. So much. 
I have to go. I'm selling all my bitcoins now.
@_date: 2013-04-30 20:29:52
The author uses the word "relatively." You must have missed that. That's a flag that points to your ignorance. As far as diamonds are concerned, investment grade diamonds (which are mined) are not the same diamonds used in industry (which are made synthetically). Again your ignorance.
After reading this article I have a new perspective on the potential value of Bitcoin, despite this moronic response. It is becoming clearer and clearer to me that the price appreciation may be more value based than speculation. We need more perspective like this. I'm sick of seeing the word "bubble" every time I turn on my computer.
