@_author: pastahastamasta
@_date: 2014-12-27 13:52:20
You could do all those things by changing the system from within by voting and being politically active then you can from making a worthless statement which effects nothing other then your health and the people that care about you. You are being wildly self-destructive and irresponsible when you could instead put all that energy into creating real change. 
After all banks and warfare are symptoms of a political class that has ignored the common man. By going off the grid you just become easier to ignore. Far better, and far more successful, is to create change from within the social norms. It was not just blacks in the street that granted civil rights it also came down to the votes of congress. The Elite must be brought to your point of view, they do not respond to zealots and hermits. They respond to the yell of the loudspeaker outside their offices, they respond to the letter and call campaign, they respond to the influence of money which this community via bitcoins could provide. 
Don't be the Tinanmen Square protester who's sacrifice and life changed nothing. Instead renter the society we do live in, and work from within to create the society you want. This is the burden of democracy, and if you ignore this burden and responsibility to live on the streets in a sleeping bag then it is you who has failed our country!
@_date: 2014-12-27 12:33:26
"A zealot is someone who redoubles his efforts after forgetting his purpose"
Crypto is supposed to improve our lives it makes no sense to sacrifice your quality of living now for potential future gains. That's not brave or necessary it's stupid and an act of a blind zealot. 
@_date: 2014-12-28 16:52:37
You're insane. 
@_date: 2014-12-28 00:22:33
I worked as a lobbyist for 5 years for a small issue with small money. We changed minds and got votes, laws, and favorable decisions on our issues. 
You are a cynic and have no idea how the Hill works. If bitcoin had lobbyists they would have even more success then my organization had. 
I am so thankful we don't have the system you suggest. Our duty is to vote in the people who make the decisions we agree with. You are using your cynicism to hide your laziness. We can create change if we work, we can vote the right people in, we can hold them accountable for what they do in office.  We are expected to be the final check for our government. Your philosophy is just to give up due to some learned helplessness. 
I pity you. You think you know so much, but you have learned so little. 