@_author: pat_11_5
@_date: 2013-05-01 19:46:50
Since we're posting emails publicly I figured I'd join in on the fun :).
"I have absolutely no interest in being interviewed by a person who is proud to work for a site that openly admits to not portraying a balanced perspective. Regardless of what company you "right" for, your top personal goal in journalism is giving a completely balanced and fair report on whatever you're 'righting' about. If you want to learn more about Bitcoin, then invest in it. Purchase one BTC and go from there. Nothing motivates like a monetary investment.
Like I say in a post below. I'd love to do a follow up piece and show off the other side to the whole Bitcoin mining thing. It's a shame SerTomTheTall refused the opportunity and instead chose to focus on a silly spelling mistake.
@_date: 2013-05-01 20:50:57
I think part of it comes from the fact that no one in the Bitcoin community is willing to speak to journalists. 
Over the course of today I've repeatedly reached out to various people that had issues with this story in an effort to put together an article that focuses on the other side of the issue. 
I've been either made fun of or turned down on all accounts. I realize that a few individuals don't represent the entirety of the community but this certainly isn't a great way to get journalists on your side. 
@_date: 2013-05-01 19:36:48
I'm the author of the story. It's nice to see someone seeing the article for what it is for a change. It was never meant to be an in-depth piece. 
I gave Thomas Henry (SerTomTheTall) the opportunity to do an interview piece with me and rather than accept the opportunity, he chose to write a snarky response focused on a silly spelling error in one of my emails. IT'S AN EMAIL DUDE CHILL OUT.
It would have been a straight transcription of the interview. I also would have, if he preferred, done it over email and directly posted his responses to my questions.
Instead he chose to create this Reddit thread and be a giant dick.
The funny part of this is because he posted the story to reddit and started this discussion, the story is receiving even more traffic. 
I'd love to do a follow up piece so if there are any Bitcoin Miners out there interested in helping me out with this please send me an email at patrick.orourke8
@_date: 2013-05-01 20:47:53
Yea, that's a super intelligent way to let people know what the Bitcoin community is all about. 