@_author: patchwirk
@_date: 2014-04-14 14:07:56
Because, guess what, some people like things that are a bit more stable than Buttcoin. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 15:39:36
You aren't simply "not supporting them". No matter what way you slice it, you're stealing from TWC, whether its justified or not. That's the reality of it. Not supporting them would be saying "Hey, I don't like their business practices, I think I'll support another TV show for other reasons". 
You stealing from them means that $80 isn't in their pocket, and tons of people pirating can result in huge losses for TWC. Is it a drop in the bucket for them? I'd guess so, but this mentality of "fuk da corporations" means that smaller people who aren't protected by all that money are more directly affected. Like small time musicians, for example. In the electronic music world, Beatport is the iTunes equivalent for many people, and they make you pay through the nose for their stuff. 
So rather than pirating their stuff, what you should do is try and find a lower cost legal alternative retailer, or another band all together. Pirating is bad, but trying to justify it is even worse. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 17:14:03


So please, tell me Mr. Magoo, where I can find an accurate figure. 


So stealing from a store isn't a lost sale either? What? In the strictly money sense (not talking about word of mouth) there is a sale that doesn't occur, when I could have. That's a lost sale.


"Obligation: an act or course of action to which a person is morally or legally bound; a duty or commitment." Sounds like if you want to buy it, you're legally bound to it. Sure, you could pirate but you're just avoiding that obligation illegally. 


It just means you have a popular product. Popularity=/=quality. Are you going to tell me that Goat Simulator (Currently at  on TPB's PC games list) is a high quality game? 


Yeah, but it creates a world where you have to be popular to get sales, and that creates a need to pander to the masses to get money. Not a fan of that, personally. 


Yeah, I get that wavs/aiffs are what people play in clubs, but is it really worth nearly 3x the itunes price? And the mp3s aren't cheap either, with some being $2.50 at most. $1.50 is a more acceptable, less common price on BP.
@_date: 2014-04-14 14:07:09
Yeah, you sure told TWC!