@_author: patcito
@_date: 2015-12-20 02:17:48
Scumbag Steve is 5 years old, that's like 100 internet years.
@_date: 2014-05-20 17:58:08
Because the data doesn't not need to be distributed to every single peers, just enough peers, think DHT bittorrent which gitchain makes use of.
@_date: 2014-05-20 17:54:31
Not everyone write open source software and has a gazilion freely administrated mirrors to rely on. This is what gitchain is solving. Not only the package management problem, but also just git hosting in general, so you don't have to care about administration. You know you're on to something when someone spends hours explaining why it won't work. Seriously though, why do you even care if it fails or not? Is it because he got some funding? Are you annoyed that he got money and not you? Don't worry, he won't get billions out of it. 
@_date: 2014-05-20 13:39:31


But this is exactly the problem this is trying to solve. It's not trying to solve git, gitchain allows you to use git as you always would with git init, git commit, git push etc. What this is solving is the hosting, it allocates a place in the p2p cloud so that you can just push and pull to it without ever worrying it being down. If you know of a better way to solve this problem which you just acknowledged, feel free to share it with us. If your solution is to "just tell people to set up mirrors", well, this is obviously a known solution and it's failed. Gitchain is proposing a new solution to this problem, I have no idea if it'll work or get adoption, but it sure sounds great to me.
@_date: 2014-05-20 16:03:05


But if the maintainer pushed to gitchain instead of github, that would solve the social issue without any extra technical work. The reason maintainers just link to github is because they're lazy, so give them a solution that would require the less effort possible. I think gitchain could be that solution as it requires very little effort.


Not really, Golang uses repos directly as source for packages. Many use it to put package there whether you like it or not. Knowing that, how do we solve this problem of people who want to use git for their packages? Telling them not to has clearly failed, so let's try something else.


Gitchain would allow us to have package manager hosts that are always up. What's wrong with that? Because all package managers go down, we shouldn't try to build one that doesn't? Screw innovation, right?


Do you really have push/pull requests that are so important that you can't email patches all the time instead? People use github because it's more convenient and faster, of course you can always do things the old way all the way back to renaming files instead of using a VCS. Progress, innovation... you know.


Just because a problem is not 100% solvable doesn't mean we can't try to get as close to 100% as possible. Otherwise, we could just use pigeons, write down our patches on a piece of paper and wait a bit until the other devs get them ;).
@_date: 2015-01-18 01:01:25


Not really, they did arm Mujahideens against the Soviet if that's what you mean, many of them were secular, some were radicals. It is years later that parts of them started radicalizing a lot more eventually splitting between Talibans and the rest which were mostly tribes and thugs but not radicals, it is much more complex than "the US created or funded Al-Qaeda". Neither the Talibans, nor Al-Qaeda existed at the time, Al-Qaeda was created by Bin Laden and donors living in the Gulf years later.
Anyway, not saying the Iraq was a great idea, but most death there were committed by the war between  sunnis and shias who have been in war since way before the Iraq war, the foundation of the US and Mickey Mouse ;) You have to live there to understand how much sunnis and shias hate each other, source: I lived in Syria for 5 years. 
@_date: 2015-01-17 22:31:19
Most of these are Iraqis killing other Iraqis.  
@_date: 2015-01-04 20:01:34
It's not the fact that you can't profit on it (although real estate has been pretty much flat for the last 100 years and when you're on a mortgage, good luck making a bigger profit on the sale than what you would have saved by renting). It's that the process of buying a house is really an ordeal and selling it and then buying a new one is such a big pain and waste of time that most people will refuse many jobs or other opportunities in their life because they may not be worth the trouble of moving and selling their house whereas when you rent you can just move much more easily. It is well known that owning real estate is bad for mobility (unless you have a lot of capital and bought your house with cash, I'm talking about people who need a mortgage here).
Here's a video showing why you will make as much money if not more if you rent instead  and a simulator here  .
@_date: 2015-01-04 17:53:45
Why not just rent instead of getting a mortgage? I don't get this obsession of buying your own house, all it does is forces you to live in the same place for the rest of your life.
@_date: 2011-05-20 22:46:20
I hope [this]( is a joke.





