@_author: patfnelson
@_date: 2015-10-14 22:57:31
I think that's a common misconception. Politicians don't rule over anyone and frankly I aim to be a public servant not a politician. I want to work for the people by taking the time to understand their views and needs. Once that is done I will work to develop solutions to address those needs, work to earn the consent of my constituents, and put those plans to action. I believe in servant leadership and have placed it first in my campaign platform. 
@_date: 2015-10-15 00:15:35
No. 
@_date: 2015-10-15 17:37:34
Those politicians are elected by the people to execute the people's will, at least in a well run republic. Currently this isn't done very well at all, but that is an issue with the people running the system and not the system itself. In a well run Republic, any politician imposing their view over that of the public will find themselves quickly out of a job. The benefit of the Republic is a protection of the minority through enumerated powers, limitations on governments, and checks and balances. 
@_date: 2015-10-14 19:49:06
I think a lot of the Wall Street machine can be replaced in the manner. As far as government goes, I don't think so. I think with those technologies governments can be better distributed in a Jeffersonian way. I see government as the outgrowth of the human hive intelligence. Bees have a hive, bison have a heard, birds have a folk, humans have their various forms of government. It's how we come together to make non zero-sum decisions and avoid the tragedy of the commons. That's not to say our current overly centralized, top-down, bureaucracy is the ideal model, but I think mankind will always need system of collective decision making. Perhaps someday it will be an instantaneous system of connected minds that makes certain collective decisions. But that would still qualify as a government in my view.  
@_date: 2015-10-15 01:05:08
That actually sounds a lot like what my father, the Village (which is a part of the town with its own government) Mayor, is doing IRL by having neighborhood meetings in people's homes. I do like the idea. Ultimately anything that helps people influence more control over elected officials and holds those officials to account when they disobey the will of the people (without very good reason) moves us in a better direction. It's also why I'm in favor of returning more administrative power to state and local governments. The easier it is for everyday people to grab the decision-makers by the shirt and tell them to knock it off (or mount a legitimate challenge to them in the next election), the better our republic will function. 
@_date: 2015-10-15 17:39:42
I think that's how it is built by my understanding. Anonymous until you know someone's address. And limited supply by its very design with the cap at 21,000,000 in five or so years IIRC. The fact that it is immune to monetary supply abuses by governments is one of its benefits. 
@_date: 2015-10-14 22:17:29
For these purposes I wouldn't label bitcoin as a currency, the IRS does not. They consider it property. Accepting taxes in bitcoin would function similarly to my campaign. Using the bitcoin network to transfer value and converting back to USD immediately to avoid market volatility, or in the case of my campaign avoiding paperwork regarding investing campaign funds. As far as finding more information I'd check out  
@_date: 2015-10-14 19:22:58
Well there were two. The west coast company was Ligandal Technology LLC, which is still in operation as a research stage bio-nanotechnology company. Ligandal, Inc.  I remain a minority partner in the firm. 
The one in the city was Molecular Payload Systems, Inc. which was a spin-out/competitor of Ligandal. We competed to license the underlying technology from RPI, and while we won on our business plan, we lost our lead engineer due to underhanded tactics by persons I will not name (not representing either company, or RPI). The company exists now to hold the claims that resulted from the underhanded tactics. 
@_date: 2015-10-15 00:46:12
Converting, I kind of have to or else I have to deal with a lot of extra paperwork that is involved when investing campaign assets. And then potentially pay taxes out of my committee against the capital gains. It's generally best to avoid dealing with the IRS if you can.  
@_date: 2015-10-14 22:49:51
Ease of use and frictionless electronic payments with no fees. Also as a way of Stillwater showing leadership and that we welcome innovation.  
@_date: 2015-10-15 05:27:02
What your positing is that we have a society in which some members are allowed to benefit from taxpayer spending without paying into the system. You would like people to be able to opt out of taxes and still reap the rewards from the tax paying public. What your asking to be permitted is theft. It is a passive theft, but nonetheless a theft from those who contribute. And yes theft is met with violence, but it is the most limited and least intrusive violence necessary to resolve the conflict. It is also violence that will be carried out while respecting the rights of the thieves to due process. 
We have a society, an inefficient, corrupt, and often foolish one, but there it is. You may partake, or you may not. What you cannot do is leech off the labors and good will of others. That's not to say we shouldn't help those who are struggling, ideally we help them now and in the future they become productive citizens that allow us to help others. 
@_date: 2015-10-14 20:03:12
Sorry I forgot to answer your second question. At the local level I'm open to accepting tax, water, and sewer payments using bitcoin. I'd also have it take a part in the start-up education programs I want to do to help our community members start their own businesses. 
@_date: 2015-10-15 00:23:33
I don't support direct democracy. It appears to be the freest system on its face, however it really just becomes the will of the majority imposed upon the minority. Now if you build in limitations on the state like our constitutional republic does, I'm definitely interested consensus seeking in governance. I actually had an ill fated consensus seeking start-up that went nowhere beyond a few design meetings. Democracy OS looks promising and we definitely need more direct involvement in our governments. I have a platform of servant leadership and I think something like Democracy OS could be a big part of that. However in Stillwater we do have many citizens that have limited access and skill when it comes to computers and they deserve representation as well. 
@_date: 2015-10-16 02:03:23
I appreciate your honesty. And you don't have to agree with me, in fact it's better for self-government when we don't all agree and work to find meaningful compromise. Rest assured, if i get to be at the table my voice will be on the side of innovation and regulation only to the extent necessary for protection of those who might otherwise be victimized. I'd like to see it be done in such a way that it lowers the barriers to entry by providing resources and education to entrepreneurs through the regulatory process.  
@_date: 2015-10-15 17:40:58
Perhaps instead of worrying you should call your representative to inform them of what they don't know. If that doesn't work, show up at their office. If that doesn't work, support their opponent in the next election or if the other guy sucks just as hard, run yourself. 
@_date: 2015-10-14 19:10:38
I do think some form of regulation will be necessary for mainstream adoption. That said, BitLicense is the wrong kind of regulation. Judging by the $5,000 application fee alone it raises the barriers to entry in a new field and that defeats the purpose of bitcoin to allow anyone access to financial services with low friction. It unfairly favors established financial firms with lobbying power and lawyers on staff at the cost to new entrepreneurs. And we know that the best ideas and innovations most often come from the later group. 
@_date: 2015-10-15 03:42:41
I think you misunderstand what I mean by regulation. The protocol is secure, that's a big part of the value. I'm speaking of regulating the companies that seek to profit via the blockchain by selling to less technically savvy citizens. There needs to be some assurance of capital reserves, validity of transactions(no more Mt.Gox), transparency with customers regarding risk, etc. I'm talking about basic common sense rules that ensure that the swindlers of the world don't use bitcoin as a tool for ripping people off. And at the same improving the viability of genuine, honest bitcoin companies in process. I wouldn't support a transaction tax for example, or more than nominal application fees. 
@_date: 2015-10-14 20:05:52
Thanks for doing your work mate. Yeah I saw that troll for a minute myself. Crap, with accusations like that I might not want to admit to seeing trolls...
@_date: 2015-10-16 01:59:14
Well no politician enacts a law alone, it's one via at least a council so multiple representatives have to agree on that law. I think Mick Jagger said it best "You can't always get what you want". It's a part of the social contract that we agree to abide by the results of elections whether we get our way, or not. Thankfully in 2 or 4 years you can elect someone else, or run yourself and the law can be repealed. This is a bit idealistic, but it's how the system will work if we the people work it. 37% of voters turned out in 2014, I posit the system would work a hell of lot better if we were at 97%. 
@_date: 2015-10-15 03:34:57
I'm perfectly willing to make taxes optional, and i think they already are, for anyone who moves out of a municipality, and lives completely self-sufficiently off the grid. No usage of roads, bridges, the police, fire companies, rescue squad, healthcare system(basic medical research being mostly tax payer funded), financial system, internet(government project), education system or anything else made possible through taxpayer funding. Otherwise, sorry no free rides.  
@_date: 2015-10-15 00:38:35
It sounds very Jeffersonian to me. You mean instead of established town boarders we'd have variable borders adjusted by which group people chose to be a part of? Or are you thinking entirely non-local? Which I'm not sure is feasible. I see this working to help have more variation between municipalities so people can actually vote with their feet and have more free association. 
@_date: 2015-10-14 22:00:52
In the context of bitcoin, you've exceeded the extent of my technical knowledge on the subject. 
In general context, computers should have a standard way of storing date data. Personally I favor the big-to-small or small-to-big variations. Day-Month-Year or Year-Month-Day.  
@_date: 2015-10-14 19:40:56
Thank you. I care about it because it represents an opportunity to democratize and decentralize our financial system. It holds the promise of a day without atm fees, bank transfer fees, credit card fees, or the need of financial middlemen at all. It is poised to open new markets and create access to capital and markets for everyday citizens. It's also a promising innovation that offer the opportunity to grow new jobs and companies. And my community needs those two things badly. Primarily I care about innovation and building a better future, I see bitcoin as having a role to play in that work. 
@_date: 2015-10-14 23:01:22
They have been settled for some time now, I think this time last year we inked the final deal. Again see number 1. Things happened, it was basically like living out "The Social Network" in real life. 
@_date: 2015-10-14 22:47:07
Wow I wasn't sure anyone was going to go into that depth of research, but I commend you for doing so. It was much more complicated than that and now we are getting into an area in which my ability to discuss things becomes limited, but I will do my best to be forthcoming without violating confidences and NDAs. 
1. There was a difference of managerial opinion and personal issues that caused a rift between some stakeholders. This has been long since settled and mended. Though some wounds can be too deep between people to ever fully heal. You can lose very good friends playing the start-up game. 
2. Ligandal doesn't list all shareholders. As a minority partner I'm not actively involved in the day-to-day operations any more. The change of title comes out of the rift I mentioned above. 
3. There are a very limited number of engineers with the experience necessary to develop the particular technology at hand. We also were only hiring on a equity-partner basis and had not yet advanced to a position to offer salary and benefits. This actually illustrates a lot of the disincentives for entrepreneurship we have in America, talented engineers choose more often than not to play it safe.  
4. I think my experience with MPS makes me better able to handle such an event. First, I'd do my best to avoid having one particular person be so vital to a project that it couldn't survive without them. If we lost someone, we'd do our best to hire a replacement and we'd (hypothetically) have funds to hire that replacement. Loss of funding would probably still sink a project, we'd try of course to apply for comparable grants. Taxes are high enough and unless the project was vital I couldn't see trying to raise them. 
@_date: 2015-10-15 18:05:25
What kool-aid did I drink? I really try to avoid the empty calories and high fructose corn syrup. 
@_date: 2015-10-14 20:00:06
I got interested it around the time I was learning about banking and money. Which was a weekend of bad weather while I was at St. John's, winter of 2012-2013. I went through the Khan Academy banking course and realized how twisted that system was. That combined with meeting new a friend at a party who was passionate about it set me on course to learn more about it. 
I do indeed hold a small amount of bitcoin, and an even smaller amount of litecoin. 
@_date: 2015-10-14 20:43:07
Thanks for sharing I'll give it a good watch. 
@_date: 2015-10-26 02:48:23
Because the defendant's counterclaims in a lawsuit are clearly the most accurate and objective version of the events and are always provided with full and accurate context.... Really? Lookup up any breach of contract suit regarding employment, the defendant in situations like this always asserts something to the effect of incompetence, doesn't make it true. While you're at it be sure to read the complaint. 
There's not a lot I'm going to say here, because I'm not going to disparage anyone. The case is settled and has been for over a year. Did things get messy? Oh God yeah. Were bad decisions made? Of course. If I could go back would I have done some things differently? You betcha. Am I a better and more competent person today for having through such an experience? I am. Does this experience make me better able to serve the people of Stillwater? I believe so, or I wouldn't be running. 
Anything else? Something on policy perhaps? Or bitcoin? Because my past is not the biggest issue in this election, it's my hometown's future. 
@_date: 2015-10-14 19:56:45
Just posted actually, wonder how long this one will take. 
@_date: 2015-10-15 05:32:56
And there is a legal point. Regulation is not about making things legal or not, that's legislation. Regulation is how we enforce what is or is not illegal. You can see this Federally in the distinction between the United States Code (legislative) and the Code of Federal Regulations (regulatory/administrative). Regulation of bitcoin means making sure our fraud provisions make sense in the world of the blockchain. Making sure the definitions of terms match reality. So then we have a cleaner, more predictable, environment to do business. Uncertainty is risk: will the IRS view bitcoin as a currency or commodity? The ruling by the IRS on that question created more predictability in taxation for bitcoiners. The reason we don't see more NY candidates taking bitcoin is because there is uncertainty over how the Board of Elections will handle it. We're all following what we believe to be the most rational application of the law, but in the absence of a firm regulation by the BOE there is a risk involved that we will get it wrong. Does that make sense?
@_date: 2015-10-15 01:29:18
Thanks a lot! Please feel free to connect with me through another medium so we might continue this in the future. Win, or lose this is a big passion of mine.
@_date: 2015-10-15 18:01:55
I believe very much in freedom and liberty (synonyms aren't they?) and I understood your position by the point you were trying to make regarding taxation as a violent theft. That's a very popular libertarian or anarcho-capitalistic argument. But as I said, not paying your taxes while benefiting from tax payer spending is theft in itself. I understand very well your view point as i used to share it, and in many ways still do. However libertarian theory presupposes humans to be rational actors, we are not. It assumes were are independent individuals, we are part of a macroorganism and none of us is solely individual. 
I too dream of a non-violent rational future, but I am not a total pacifist. I believe in self defense. I also encourage you to consider that your government is not an external entity but the result of our voluntary decisions in elections and so on. We have a social contract. People are free to opt out of the contract, which frees them from contributing but they must also not benefit in that case either. Would you expect a pride of lions to share their food with lions who refuse to take part in the hunt? The majority has freely adopted a voluntary system of government and our freedom to do so must be protected just as much as we must protect the rights of those who would choose to opt out. I believe there is a libertarian Utopia being started in Europe called Liberland, you are free to move there. And let me wish you well. 
@_date: 2015-10-14 22:02:07
@_date: 2015-10-14 19:55:12
Yeah we are having some issues on that front and I'm unsure what the problem is. 
@_date: 2015-10-14 22:12:32
yeah and we should be on the metric system too, but how far did Chaffe get campaigning on that issue? I'd rather we caught up with the rest of the world on healthcare, family leave, college affordability, etc. first. When we solve that we can talk about weights and measures. 