@_author: patio11
@_date: 2014-07-04 20:30:22
Executive summary in lieu of a word for word translation, since I'm pressed for time:
Prior to filing for the current reorganization proceedings, Mt. Gox contracted for certain services from its parent company, Tibanne.  The specific services are redacted in this document, but on the basis of previous reporting, I believe them to include staffing, hosting, office space, and several other clearly necessary business expenses of Mt. Gox.
Tibanne has, separately, arranged with a 3rd party for provision of some of these services.  That third party's name is redacted but, for your reference, I find it unlikely given the amount of space used for the redaction that the third party is Mark Karpeles, and would naively guess another Tokyo IT firm.
Mt. Gox sought to sever its contractual relationship with the 3rd party, as it came to the conclusion it was unnecessary when the reconstruction process forced Gox to identify which services it consumed were not critical to operating the company.  However, the contract includes the clause that even in the event of termination, Mt. Gox is obligated to continue paying the contracted fees.  (Color commentary as someone who runs an IT business: this term is routinely included in contracts negotiated at arms-length.  I routinely include it in my proposed MSAs, routinely have it accepted, and routinely accept the term when vendors propose it to me.  It frequently makes sense in the context of the business relationship.)
Tibanne, the 3rd party, and Mt. Gox have contractually agreed to a) sever the original contract, b) Tibanne pays its outstanding balances to the third party, c) Mt. Gox pays its outstanding balances to the third party on the behalf of Tibanne.
Tibanne says that the amount it is invoicing represents a compromise between it and the 3rd party, with such compromise being made in times of severe economic stress for Tibanne.  (pg. 3)
The two invoices are for approximately $200k of Mt. Gox's approximately $7 million of liquid assets on hand.
[edit to add context: I've run a small business which does software and consulting from Japan for about 8 years, and was previously a translator.  I'm (notoriously among my friends) not a Bitcoin fan.  If this were legal proceedings involving *my* company or required for a client, I'd spend substantially more time making sure that I understood these documents than I have here, so you get what you paid for on the above.  I hold no position in Bitcoin/Gox other than being in the tech industry, though I've followed it since 2011.]
@_date: 2014-07-28 03:35:48
Correct.  Expect that bond to run roughly $2k per year, which is about the same as e.g. Errors and Omissions insurance for a one-man web dev shop.
You *will* have to demonstrate a level of professionalism to get it, though, much like many business insurance policies.  For example, they'll want financial statements both for your business and for your principals.
@_date: 2014-11-02 20:41:54
Not only will shorting be available virtually as soon as any ETF is publicly listed, it will be *far better* than existing ways to short Bitcoin, because many of us who believe Bitcoin's price is higher than it should be also believe that sending a $10k wire to a website operated in a dubiously legal fashion by pseudonymous founders represents a bit of a counterparty risk.
If an options market develops in COIN shares, however, one doesn't need to trust any entity in the Bitcoin ecosystem.  If the blockchain vanishes in a fireball or large governments decide to do coordinated arrests of half of the industry, the good folks at the Options Clearinghouse Corporation will still make sure that put buyers (= "people willing to pay to buy a ticket which is worth money only if the COIN price declines") get paid.  Even the possibility of gross incompetence or malfeasance on part of the sponsors of the ETFs *only makes buying puts on them a better idea* rather than, in the Bitcoin economy, dooming one to not being able to withdraw the money one notionally made via speculation.
@_date: 2014-07-08 13:55:07
I respectfully decline.  You can find excellent piecework translation at Gengo.com (a long-ago client) if you require it.
You should know that, if you should interact with other translators, "Please do free professional work which I will use in a consequential commercial communication." will not make you lots of new friends.  I'm not particularly offended, because translation is not how I feed my family, but many would be.
@_date: 2014-09-05 15:23:01
This is absolutely routine for correspondence with foreign companies and also legally acceptable in Japan for the vast majority of commercial purposes.  Source: ex-Japanese salaryman; run a business in Tokyo.
@_date: 2014-08-10 15:19:14
Odds are that this probably cost Dell about ~$500 more than the equivalent purchase pre-Bitcoin, since Bitpay charges 1% and it costs Dell nothing at the margin to cash the check that the PO would be settled with.  You certainly *can* pay for a $50k server with your CC, but typically you'd do it on a PO/check (PO/wire also an option -- that costs about ~$30 on $50k rather than ~$0.)
@_date: 2014-07-23 10:18:26
Or, if you prefer to read text in PDFs rather than camera phone scans, you could try  (English) or  (Japanese).
@_date: 2014-09-18 16:27:35
If this were true, large companies would have their servers in kids' dorm rooms instead of massive $X00+ million hosting facilities.  What do we see in nature?
@_date: 2014-11-03 05:31:12
The ETF would not be *forced* to sell Bitcoin to maintain parity.  They're totally agnostic about it.
I've heard numerous explanations of this on this sub, and people seem to not have read the prospectus or understand how the basket creation process works.
Assume contrary to fact that an ETF has shares which are 1:1 comparable with Bitcoin, because this makes the math easier.  The ETF allows certain authorized parties to transact with it in blocks of 10,000 shares: you can either deposit 10,000 BTC and receive 10,000 shares (slightly less due to fees, but whatever) or you can redeem 10,000 shares for 10,000 BTC.
The primary mechanism keeping the ETF price and the BTC price in sync is the actions of traders.  Should the prices sharply diverge -- for example, the ETF is trading at $400 and Bitcoins at $300 -- then a very well-funded party buys $3 million worth of Bitcoins, redeems them for shares, and immediately sells $4 million of shares.  (Ignores the effect of slippage, for simplicity.)
Similarly, should the ETF trade at $300 and Bitcoins at $400, then you buy up $3 million worth of shares, redeem them for Bitcoin, then sell the Bitcoin for $4 million.  (Again, ignoring slippage.)
Bitcoiners like incentive compatibility, right?  The existence of baskets creates a system which tends to funds tracking their NAVs (i.e. for COIN to mirror BTC's performance): creating/redeeming baskets guarantees an arbitrage possibility if they get too far out of whack, and since creating/redeeming baskets generates substantial fee income for the ETF, they're incentivized to say "Sure thing, we can do that." if a trustworthy counterparty proposes it.
@_date: 2015-05-04 22:54:52
This isn't straight-up arbitrage: it commits you to being long that many shares of the BIT through 5/5/2016 or so, due to the lockup inherent in buying from the trust directly.
@_date: 2014-09-23 09:35:40
It only makes sense to short Bitcoin using those options if you think a) Bitcoin is overvalued but b) the Bitcoin ecosystem won't take critical systemic damage prior to you being able to cash out.  I'd love to short Bitcoin, but if e.g. the entire network implodes tomorrow or the US constructively bans transfers to Bitcoin-related businesses poker-style, I'd like to get paid for being right.
This is one reason I'm hoping that ETF comes out -- then I can buy put options against it, and regardless of actions of the ETF or the Bitcoin ecosystem, the good folks at the Options Clearinghouse Corporation will make sure I actually get paid if it decreases sharply in price.
@_date: 2015-01-15 02:17:29
Mt. Gox has no meaningful assets other than Bitcoin and receivables from Tibanne/its officers/related parties, has Bitcoin liabilities far in excess of its Bitcoin holdings, and has liabilities denominated in real currencies far in excess of the $7 million or so they presently control (in yen).  There is no BTC price at which Mt. Gox is solvent.
@_date: 2015-04-10 06:45:08


On the plus side, that's tracked, both by one's bank and data aggregators used by merchants to identify risky customers.  They may suddenly find one day that nobody is willing to do business with them.