@_author: patniemeyer
@_date: 2016-03-13 21:23:23
The improvements you describe are incremental but the applications for bitcoin / blockchain grow exponentially in the future.  It's not about whether the protocol can handle the current transaction rate of Visa or ten times that or a hundred times that.  It's the fundamental concept that something is either scaleable or it's not... and if it's not it undercuts the *core appeal and promise* of Bitcoin going in the future... and that is deadly.
Think about how you would grow the world's current transaction rate from thousands of TPS to billions.  Think about how VISA could attack that problem and, alternately, think about whether you really believe that a single set of competing bitcoin miners working on one block at time makes sense in that regime.
I think it's obvious that some kind of decentralization will be needed at some point... or a completely different basis for the blockchain.
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:54:41
I was thinking of the McGeorge Bundy quote: "If you guard your toothbrushes and diamonds with equal zeal, you'll probably lose fewer toothbrushes and more diamonds."  But in this case it's more about the practicality of having billions of micro-transactions per second being confirmed on the global blockchain. I think what we need (and I'm assuming lots of other people have had the same idea) is more of a blockchain-of-blockchains two or three levels deep, where summaries of the subordinate blockchains are signed off by the higher levels ones when the cumulative transaction value reaches some point.  Maybe big, multi-million dollar transactions choose to operate directly on the global block chain, but trivial transactions are only allowed on these smaller, faster moving, *less authoritatively confirmed* chains.  Maybe in the extreme case a transaction is confirmed by just a few peers nearby.  That sounds more like a scalable global system to me.
@_date: 2017-08-03 13:32:10
It's not just the about accumulated size (which pruning could address). It's about the sheer volume e.g. for micro-transactions.  We need a more dynamic, tiered approach where the confidence required in the outcome can scale with the size and importance of the payment.  It *should* be easier to steal a cup of coffee than a car.
@_date: 2019-04-07 21:15:31
Never has this been more true than in the state of science related TV programming today.  For much of my life I felt like the average science oriented show was pitched at someone with about a 7th grade level of education.  There seemed to be kind of a bargain struck where the majority of the visuals and explanation were at about that level and they they'd slip in just enough adult level information where they could to keep the rest interested.  Today I feel like it's slipped to a 4th grade level.  One tact that they seem to have taken is to play off of the "cartoony thought experiment" style of presentation, but instead of using it to explain a complex concept it is just used to dumb down even the most basic ideas.  It's no longer a caricature presenting a complex idea, it's just a caricature for style and, implicitly, a statement that even the people producing the content don't understand it or the significance of it enough to be excited about what they are presenting.
&amp;