@_author: patriarchalpha
@_date: 2015-12-21 18:16:48
If you're willing to risk becoming a felon and willing to screw a bunch of people over, yes. Bug bounties offer incentive for people that don't want to be criminals.
@_date: 2015-12-20 21:56:45
Exactly the same story with them. Even if Facebook paid out $1 million for a bounty (which [they don't]( it's still well beneath the exploitable value of a severe bug. The real potential damage that some bugs could deliver is astronomically large, into the billions once you consider the possibility of government fines. Companies can't reasonably be paying out millions of dollars to bounty participants all the time.
The primary benefit of participating in bug bounty programs is that you can make a living doing security research on major properties without having to break the law or securing a consulting agreement. The money is really just icing on the cake and not meant to be someone's primary income. The cake itself is getting to find and report exploits *without* the threat of going to jail, while accomplishing idealistic goals like making the internet a safer place. That's why these companies pay out pretty moderate bounties.
If Facebook, Google, or Twitter (or Coinbase) really wants you hitting their application all day looking for flaws, they'll offer you a full-time job as an in-house security pro, and then you won't be eligible for the bounty program anyway.
@_date: 2015-12-20 18:16:39
Yeah man, sorry to bum you out, but $5k is a pretty good bounty. Bug bounty programs don't pay out anything close to a proportional value. Bug bounty programs are meant for people who want to establish careers as professional security researchers (or people who just want the badge of honor on their resumes). Bounties are not meant to make you a gazillionaire. The companies that operate bounty programs are purposefully attempting to avoid initiating a bidding war between themselves and black market buyers. You can probably tell there are Pretty Good Business Reasons to want to avoid that. Combined with the risk of selling exploits on the black market, which includes jail time, most companies believe a bug bounty program is enough to incentivize good actors to help them out.
If you want to become a gazillionaire from a handful of exploits, you'll either have to exploit them yourself or sell them on the black market. If these companies were smart, they'd have their "official" bounty programs and unofficial black market buyers. This addresses both issues; it lets people who are trying to advance their careers do so and improve security at minimal cost to the company, and it also makes it so that people who are looking primarily for the payday don't end up causing substantive damage by selling to a malicious third party.