@_author: patrifecta
@_date: 2014-02-03 13:48:45
Deflation is an economic term which means, per Wikipedia's defintion, "a decrease in the general price level of goods and services".  As the *value* of Bitcoin increases, the *price* at which you purchase things with Bitcoin decreases.  Please be mindful of the distinction between price and value.  So, two years ago, you would buy a pizza for 5 Bitcoin, whereas today you would buy it for a tiny fraction of a Bitcoin.  This is deflation.
Deflation discourages economic activity because if something is going to be more valuable tomorrow, why spend it today?
The best thing to happen to Bitcoin (as a currency, not as a tool to increase wealth) in the past year is its relative stabilization for the past month or two.
By your definition of what deflationary means, you're implying that Bitcoin is inflationary because there are more Bitcoin added to the economy every 10 minutes.  I think very few would argue that Bitcoin is an inflationary currency.
And Bitcoin is a fiat currency.  It has no intrinsic value.  It's benefit, from the inflationary/deflationary perspective, over modern state currencies (e.g. U.S. Dollar) is that the rate at which more units are added to the economy is very carefully regulated and predictable.
@_date: 2014-02-03 04:13:49
With a new currency, circulation is the biggest thing that can boost it's value.  Why did the value of Bitcoin increase when Overstock began accepting it?  When more people use it and see it as currency as opposed to a means to speculate for profit, its inherent value increases.
Bitcoin's greatest flaw is that it's deflationary, and it's greatest strength is the ability to transfer value to someone anonymously.  Craigslist is the perfect home for Bitcoin users because it also provides anonymity (to some extent).  When people hoard their Bitcoin, they are choking the currency.  I argue that donating tiny amounts to others who may not otherwise buy into Bitcoin is promoting the Bitcoin agenda, and that people who donate physical things with real value are the ideal recipients of these micro donations.
@_date: 2017-03-12 02:03:50
Not crazy, but you're not on to something.  
I think the problem is much more rooted in two things: 1) Bitcoin's value and acceptance is tied so strongly to other currencies, and 2) that value fluctuates rapidly.  Basically, you can't tie Bitcoin's "success" to its value in dollars, but should instead tie it to its adoption as a currency for buying and selling stuff.
For most people, when they buy something in their currency of choice, they generally expect that trade to seem fair for the next year.  Also, you don't really pay attention to the value of your currency in relation to other currencies when evaluating that trade.  When the ruble crumbled something like 40% in 2013, did you feel you got a bargain for everything you bought before then?  Probably not, be cause the dollar's value in its native environment stayed relatively stable.  
When you introduce volatility, people have more reasons to question whether a trade today makes a lot of sense or none at all.  This uncertainty causes people to avoid transactions (or make tons of them, like Russians did after the ruble collapsed).  This makes the currency effectively valueless because it doesn't have a stable value.  The dollar has been deteriorating at a rate of about 2% for the past several years.  Gentle deterioration (AKA "inflation" as fancy-pants economists call it) is generally seen as being healthy because it gives incentive to buy things now instead of later, but isn't so rapid it causes everyone to buy everything immediately.
So, how do we make Bitcoin "successful"?  I think the best way would be 1) encourage adoption among vendors, 2) buy things with it and accept that 1 BTC should equal $1000 for the forseeable future, and 3) stop comparing it to other currencies to evaluate its value or "success".  When it stabilizes, then can you compare it to other currencies for minor fluctuations.  
TLDR: The awful idea of the Bitcoin Millionaire has to go if people actually want it as a currency.
@_date: 2017-03-12 12:46:47
It just needs to be a constant exchange rate.  What that rate is doesn't matter.  Making it easy to convert isn't a bad idea, though.
@_date: 2017-03-18 16:48:17
@_date: 2017-03-26 17:59:35
People don't realize they're already paying 3-5% in credit card fees.  It's generally already priced into your purchase, which means you pay it whether you pay cash or credit.