@_author: pattayapete
@_date: 2015-12-16 16:58:24
Nice to see my post gathered a few comments.  Some of them illustrate my point admirably.
I am concerned that quite a few posters implied that me running a full node is not helpful to the network.  Reading through the comments this seems to be a point of contention.  Either it is helpful or it's not.  If it is not I'll stop doing it - why waste the electricity and resources.  If it is helpful I'll keep doing it even without a bells and whistle interface.  Can someone give a definitive answer on this.
Regardless I support bitcoin and do what I can to make it stronger.  My business accepts bitcoin and I keep them and do not convert to fiat.   I've also purchased as many as I think wise and keep them in a Trezor which is safe and secure enough for me.
I may be wrong but using a wallet that is acting as a full node and is completely open to the internet would not make me feel safer or more secure.  
I am not a coder so I do not have the ability to improve the interface.  If I was I would.  I support bitcoin according to my abilities and one of those abilities is to run a full node.
Us non-technical people can only rely on what we are told by those with a fuller understanding.  My clear impression has been that full nodes are important and we need more of them.  If that is a wrong impression it should be made very clear.  If it is right and we need more people to run full nodes then I believe my comments about the user interface stand.
@_date: 2015-12-03 16:17:26
That's not a bad idea but I would rather do if cell phone to cell phone to show how easy it is to send money.  Paper wallets would not be how they do normal transactions so perhaps not a good learning experience.
@_date: 2015-12-04 05:37:57
Why do you say that?
I have had a lot of success with promotions that giveaway free stuff.  I guarantee we will make a profit from this as well and introduce some new customers to the business and some new users to bitcoin.  A win - win for all.
Before you ask, the way to make a profit from free stuff is simple.   I give away 100 baht ($3) of bitcoin which most people will immediately spend in my business say on a beer.  That means it only costs me the wholesale price of the beer reducing my cost by half.  If they then buy a second beer I am even and of course a third beer and we are in profit.
Even if they don't buy a second or third beer, or some food, or anything, we have introduced a new customer to our business and we have a very high success rate at converting new customers to regularly returning customers.  One free beer can lead to hundreds of dollars extra profit over time.  
One of our most successful promotions when the business launched was free beer for all, all night.  Hundreds turned up and many became regulars.  We have made many thousands of dollars profit from that one promotion.
@_date: 2015-12-21 08:26:21
Your attitude strikes me as being typical of the theoretical but no real world experience crowd.  
Double spending is NOT easy at the moment for the average person.  Someone with the knowledge and ability to do it probably won't bother for low value items and even if they do, they have a low chance of succeeding.
RBF means double spending 0 confs will be a feature accessible to all and with a 100% rate of success.  
If you can't see the difference I don't know what else I can say to you.  As stated above 2 years of 0 conf and thousands of transactions and no attempt to double spend.  Once a wallet can accomplish a double spend (RBF) at the push of a button and with 100% success rate then it is indeed a completely different situation. 
@_date: 2015-12-04 05:42:41
Does anyone know the answer to this?
@_date: 2015-12-04 05:28:23
Yes, if you mean The Pattaya Beer Garden.
@_date: 2015-12-21 07:07:31
Coming soon!  Sorry but that is a real cop-out.  They are here now for retailers like me and being taken away.  Lightning does not exist yet and who knows maybe never will.    
@_date: 2015-12-04 05:24:20
I don't feel qualified to discuss technical aspects of bitcoin BUT since you asked . . . I do not like RBF at all.  I have been happily, successfully accepting bitcoin in my business for 2 years now.  I've never had a problem.  No double spends, no malleability issues, no stuck transactions.  Just a smooth business process.  
We have signs up indicating we accept bitcoin and this has led to many discussions with people wanting to know more.  I have introduced quite a few new users to bitcoin and had some interesting debates.  People want to use their bitcoin and we are one of the few places in Thailand where they can do it.  Some people have traveled from Bangkok, a two hour drive, just to spend bitcoin with us.
As a retailer I know that accepting 0 conf transactions is essential.  A 10 to 30 minute wait to accept a payment is totally 100% not viable.  The very small risk of a double spend is easy for me to accept.  It has never happened so far and we have done hundreds of transactions, most people would not know how to do one and even if they did would not wish to rip us off.  
RBF changes all that.  Now anyone can easily initiate a double spend and quite likely pull it off.  Obviously this is going to impact us negatively.
The argument that bitcoin is not a good vehicle for retailers is rubbish.  It has been a great vehicle for us and just our small business has introduced many new people to bitcoin and generated plenty of new business through bitcoin.  Why would anyone want to destroy that.  
I have been introducing bitcoin to new merchants and almost have a POS provider here convinced to include bitcoin.  Explaining the risks that RBF creates is a deal killer.  Imagine explaining to a new merchant that the customer can just resend a new transaction and send the money back to themselves after they leave the premises. 
People can get a bit lost when I explain bitcoin as it was before RBF but once they see how simple it is in action are usually OK.  Telling them that they will have to be cautious about RBF transactions, use software than can see them coming, reject customers who send them, possibly have to explain to customers why they are unacceptable, get the customer to send another rbf transaction to reclaim the bitcoin and then resend a non-RBF transaction to pay . . .  Well that is not going to happen is it.  It will place bitcoin directly in the too hard basket for most people.
My big selling point to merchants is simplicity, no charge backs, no fees and no fuss.  RBF completely destroys my pitch.  Our staff who handle bitcoin transactions know what to do to accept the payments.  They have no knowledge of how it really works though.  They just do step 1, step2, step 3, done.  There is no way they could understand RBF and how to mitigate the danger or what to do about it.
I have an open mind to lightning and side chains and will happily implement them if they work through a simple process.  Right now they don't even exist and are clearly not an option so why the hell are we destroying a major use case for bitcoin (retailers).  I just don't get it and I am very pissed off about it.
My strategy (as you asked) is to continue as we are accepting 0 confs.  However if losses climb above 5% or so due to RBF then I will have to reconsider.
@_date: 2015-12-21 08:40:41
If you think this is going to happen in a real world busy retail situation you are nuts.  
@_date: 2015-12-21 09:27:40
Like I said, you have no real world experience!
Our bitcoin transactions are done by waitresses with NO understanding of the bitcoin protocol.  At the moment they push a few buttons the client scans a QR code and a few seconds later the transaction is accepted.  This is something non-technical people can handle easily.
Many of the clients also have no idea what they are doing but can scan a QR code and push the pay button.
Transactions being rejected for fee to low or being RBF enabled is not something our staff can handle.  We are a restaurant, not a bitcoin business.  Also I would bet most clients on being told their transaction was rejected for having a low fee would also have their eyes glaze over and have no idea what to do about it.
Telling customers to wait 10 - 15 minutes for the transaction to confirm is not going to happen.  Even if we told them are we supposed to restrain them to stop them leaving.  Trust me they would leave and there is not a thing we could do about it.
Theoretical crap about this stuff just does not hold up in the real world.  RBF means bitcoin is dead for retailers and that is sad.
@_date: 2015-12-16 10:46:11
If that is true, why am I bothering.  I don't need extra security.  I am trying to help.  If it is not helping then I have been misled.
@_date: 2015-12-04 05:27:32
It's the Pattaya Beer Garden at the entrance to Walking Street in Pattaya.
@_date: 2015-12-21 06:29:28
I'm a merchant selling low value physical goods in person.  I accept bitcoin.  I am not very technical but I understand the risk of accepting 0 conf transactions.  That risk is very small and quite acceptable to me.  We generally do one or two bitcoin transactions a day and have been doing so for two years.  I have never had a double spend attempt.
RBF changes that and makes the risk of accepting bitcoin in my business unacceptable.  That makes me sad and angry.
While some argue that 0 conf should never be accepted that means bitcoin will never be used in a retail environment.  My business has introduced innumerable people to bitcoin.  Our advertising promotes bitcoin and just seeing a place where bitcoin can be spent encourages lots of people to find out more.  Multiply that by thousands of merchants who will have to stop accepting bitcoin once rbf becomes common place.  It is a PR disaster.
I really detest people using esoteric arguments to hobble an aspect of bitcoin that in the real world has worked just fine.  As it is 0 conf is safe, reliable and useful for small amounts.  RBF breaks that for no good reason.  
RBF will absolutely slow down the adoption of bitcoin.  It will lower bitcoins value because it lowers its utility. I think we are being screwed by theorists who live in ivory towers but do not understand the real world.
There are lots of ways to fix stuck transactions.  Wiping out a very important and useful feature of bitcoin to solve a small problem caused by user error is just unbelievable.
To me this is a bigger and far more important change than the blocksize.  How has it been foisted on us with virtually no public debate.  I am mortified and now very worried that bitcoin has somehow been taken over by people that do not have its best interest at heart.
@_date: 2015-12-21 10:19:18
No because we do not accept credit cards.  Even if we did, people understand a bank driven pull system of payment does not always work.  
Bitcoin is something new that uses push payments and should work every time.  That is one of the main attractions.  Or should I say it use to be one of the main attractions before someone decided to hobble it.
@_date: 2015-12-03 16:07:39
My plan is to recommend Mycelium for Android people and BreadWallet to the IOS crowd.
@_date: 2014-10-10 10:19:09
Yes, there are 3 signs in the bar and one saying NO CREDIT CARDS ;-).
The staff have had it drummed into them and I doubt any of them would be surprised by such a request.  We usually do a couple of transactions everyday.
@_date: 2014-05-27 17:23:46
I understand the reason for this but it worries me a little.  Once mining comes to an end the profits from running a node as opposed to mining are going to be a tiny fraction of what was available before.  Does this not pose a risk for the network?
@_date: 2014-07-29 12:32:43
I love the idea so much I signed up immediately.  However I can't find the list of participating merchants.  Am I blind, stupid or is it well hidden?
@_date: 2014-10-10 08:37:14
So I was in the beer garden the other night and three Chinese guys turn up and ask if they can film something for bitcoin.  After they shot their video we had a chat and it seemed they were in Pattaya for a bitcoin conference.  They invited me to their cocktail party last night around the pool at the Dusit Hotel in North Pattaya.
 
I am a bit of a bitcoin fan and the PBG accepts bitcoin for payment which is why they sought me out.  I had not heard of this conference which was a little surprising to me as I follow bitcoin news very closely.  They did say all sessions were in Chinese so not much point in me attending.  I figured it was a few Chinese guys using bitcoin as an excuse to visit Pattaya.  Bitcoin is still new and not many people understand it so it's a bit lonely being a bitcoin fanatic in Pattaya.  It was nice to talk to these guys who are enthused about bitcoin as much as I am.
 
Anyway, last night I head off to the cocktail party.  As I drive into the Dusit I am a bit surprised to see a huge bitcoin banner across the entrance.  Maybe this is a bit bigger than I am expecting.  I get to the lobby which is teaming with Chinese people and full of bitcoin banners and merchandise.  I am a little stunned but happily head to the pool to meet my guys for the party.  As I emerge on the second floor overlooking the pool I am greeted by an amazing sight.  Three huge video screens a massive stage and a thousand plus Chinese watching the high quality entertainment which was some huge Thai drumming group.
 
I have to phone my new Chinese friend as there is no chance of finding him in this crowd.  He turns up and we proceed to enjoy the party, free food, free booze and lots of entertainment.  Seems I am a bit of a hero for accepting bitcoin and lots of people want a photo with me.  It was a laugh and a blast.
 
These people are all associated with a company called mycoin based in Hong Kong which I have never heard of.  They do a lot of stuff in the bitcoin space but their website is only in Chinese and appears to only deal with Chinese people. They have all got rich off bitcoin and so go on tour every three months which is why they are in Pattaya at the moment.  Their next gathering is in Iceland in three months time.  
 
The whole thing just blew me away.
@_date: 2014-10-24 05:01:19
I am untrusting by nature so this was my solution.  
Wallet backed up by 12 words.  Those words are used in a paragraph of about 100 words that is included in my will.  The will is in the hands of a lawyer but he does not know what that paragraph is all about.
My heirs have a list of 12 numbers which is the position of each word in the paragraph that is relevant.  One heir in particular does understand bitcoin so knows what to do once he gets his hands on the will.
I did explain to the heirs if they lose the numbers then the bitcoin stash is gone forever.  I think they will be careful.
@_date: 2014-10-10 10:09:06
We are already on coinmap.  You are right about the website though, just been a bit lazy.
@_date: 2014-05-27 10:41:16
I get that.  However a cynic would still say each transaction at present is costing $5.80 plus a transaction fee.  That cost is borne by all bitcoin holders, similar to how we all bear the cost of QE as dollar holders.
If I send $1 of bitcoin to someone the total cost of that transaction is more than 500%.
@_date: 2014-11-03 13:37:25
Good idea.  I've never tipped before now, so time to start.
A beer for you  @_date: 2014-06-01 16:43:38
Another test.
Have a dollar verify
@_date: 2014-06-30 11:14:55
I wish you every success.  It's a great and needed service.  I'd buy shares in your company if I could. I suspect you will do very well while helping people that other companies profit from excessively. 
@_date: 2014-11-17 11:41:25
have $1 on me, tobyevolvo! @_date: 2014-11-17 11:40:54
I like it - nice job
@_date: 2014-06-01 16:36:46
Just a tip test.  have a dollar 345 bits @_date: 2015-01-11 04:52:37
I've had mine for a 4 months and I use it everyday.  In that time I have on 2 occasions wanted to use it and the website has been non-responsive.  Both times it was operational again a few hours later.
It is very annoying when you can't do what you want right now.  I put up with the annoyance because for the first time since getting some bitcoin I feel 100% sure no one is going to hack my computer and steal my bitcoin.  
I used paper wallets before but was also worried I'd mess up in the rather convulted process and lose bitcoin through my own incompetence.
I'll put up with the little bit of downtime for the peace of mind the Trezor gives me.
@_date: 2015-01-23 16:13:30
I am the owner of the only Pattaya Beer Garden in Pattaya, Thailand. :-).
We could accept credit cards and the banks regularly come round and ask up why we don't.  The truth is I don't want to support the banks and anyway many businesses do not accept credit cards here.  Who wants to give 3% to a bank and suffer charge backs as well.
Bitcoin is good for us and I get a buzz out of accepting it.  It makes me feel I am doing my bit to promote bicoin.  We have bitcoin accepted here signs all around the premises and I get a lot of questions from people who say they have heard of bitcoin but don't know what it is.  It's a good excuse to spread the word.
About 20% of our customers are Russian hence the Russian script saying don't bring outside drink in.
We do 3 to 5 bitcoin transactions a day which is a small percentage of the total but we do 0 credit card transactions so it makes me feel good :-)
@_date: 2017-03-12 13:29:28
I just checked and see 20 MB of transactions in the queue and 8 BTC of fees on the table.  Has it suddenly gone up or is this what you mean by "backlog is clear"?
If clear = 20 x block capacity the I am not understanding something.  Do you mean compared to 100 x block capacity then it is looking better.  I could understand that.  
@_date: 2016-01-05 12:38:46
The cashier says excuse me sir you have paid with an RBF transaction and we do not accept RBF transactions.  
OK says the man refund me and I'll pay with cash.  Sorry says the cashier but I can not refund you.  You'll have to send another transaction but make it non-RBF and then send another transaction to bump up the fee on the first transaction and change the destination to yourself thus refunding yourself.  
How do I do that says the man shaking his head in disbelief.  Well says the cashier it depends on which wallet you are using and as I am not familiar with your wallet I can't really help you.  
I'll just pay in cash says the man this bitcoin stuff is just to complicated.  The cashier says OK but your first transaction will go through as well if you don't bump the fee and change the outputs.  So if it is going to go through says the man why don't you just accept it.  
Well says the cashier if I did that you could leave the shop and then do a double spend and the boss would be mad at me because we would lose out.  I have another idea though, you could wait for the transaction to confirm in 10 minutes or so and then I can accept it because it will be too late by then for you to so a double spend.
OK says the man, this is crazy but I'll wait 10 minutes to keep the peace.
Ten minutes pass . . . . . . .
OK, says the man, I am going now.  Sorry sir, says the cashier but your transaction has not confirmed yet.  Because bitcoin is limited in how many transactions can fit in a block, you transaction did not make it this time.  You will have to wait another 10 minutes.
Look, says the man, I have played this game enough I have to go now.  OK says the cashier but you need to pay me in cash.  If you come back later I'll check to see if your transaction has confirmed and I will refund you.
F*&amp;&amp;^# hell says the man.  This bitcoin shit is really weird and f'd up.  You can be sure I won't be using it again.
Man exits and tells all his friends that unless they are computer scientist with hours of free time they should forget about bitcoin.
Cashier talks to boss and tells him another pissed off customer just abused her over bitcoin and asks why the hell they accept this crappy payment method that no one can understands and which pisses off their customers.
Boss says OK then we will stop accepting it, I don't need more strife in my life.
Rinse and repeat enough times and we will never have to increase the blocksize because nobody will be using bitcoin.  
@_date: 2017-01-24 18:30:54
I really detest the smart ass comments that get made when these type of post appear.  
A story . . .
A couple of days ago I get a call from my staff that a customer wants to talk to me.  I have a chat on the phone and he is asking if I can cash out 3 bitcoin for him.  As one of the few bitcoin accepting businesses in town I try to help out where I can so agree to meet him a few hours later.
So we meet up.  He tells me he has been working in China for a Bitcoin mining company, shows some pics of the miner premises and we have a nice chat about bitcoin.  He's a marketing guy and bitcoin is only one interest for the company he works for.  
So we do the trade.  I told him upfront that I'd give him the cash only after 1 confirmation.  When I look at the transaction on my phone I was surprised to see he had only paid a fee of 0.0001 bitcoin.  When I pointed out that was a bit low and we may end up waiting for a while, he clearly had no idea what I was talking about.
This guy travels the world, claims he uses bitcoin whenever he can, works for a company that is a large bitcoin miner in China yet clearly had no knowledge of fees and how they work.  The wallet he was using was something I'd never heard of developed in his home European country and had a fixed fee he'd set once and forgotten about.
Fortunately the transaction confirmed in about 20 minutes, I paid him his money and we went our separate ways.  If it happened today we would be sitting in that bar for a mighty long time.
As it turned out the guy had far less knowledge than I assumed even though he worked for a company with mining interests and used bitcoin around the world.  I would not have paid him out without a confirmation so the situation could have got very difficult.
I doubt I will be helping out anyone else in the future until bitcoin is more user friendly for ordinary people.  As it stands now the system is at time unusable for the ordinary bloke and that is a shame.
Smart ass comments about people being to cheap to pay the relevant fee is real ostrich material.  They really piss me off.
@_date: 2016-11-12 10:41:38
On what basis do you claim bandwidth has not increased for most of the world?  I live in a developing country in SE Asia that is way behind the west in terms of infra-structure.  In 2008 the best internet I could get was a 500k satellite link down and a slow phone link up.  In 2009 I got my first DSL connection 1 meg down 250 k up.  In 2011 I upgraded that to 5meg/1meg.  In 2012 I upgraded to 10 meg/1 meg.  In 2013 I upgraded to 30meg/1 meg.  In 2015 I was offered fiber for the first time and got 50 meg/10 meg.  Today I could upgrade to 100 meg/20 meg but for the first time since moving here I have not upgraded because I have no use for the extra bandwidth.
I live in a third world country yet the bandwidth available has expanded exponentially.  At the same time we went from Edge on cell phones with a real speed of 100k if you were lucky to 4G which easily hits 30 megs and more.  
Now the government here are rolling out broadband to every village in the nation at an extremely cheap rate.  This is all happening in a third world nation!  How can you claim bandwidth is not increasing? 
@_date: 2017-11-17 06:19:59
In my experience, if something does not make sense then you are looking at it the wrong way.  Given his fabulous wealth and his ability to just chill out and enjoy it, what would his motivation be to attack the hand that feeds.
It could just be psychopathic.  It could be seeking power for power's sake.  Or just maybe its a genuine belief that BTC has taken a wrong turn and he wants to bring it back in line for future would be Roger Vers.  Ascribing motivation to people is hard.
For me and a lot of other people, Bitcoin was never about accumulating wealth.  That wealth has come almost by accident is not something I complain about.  Nevertheless Bitcoin was for me (and perhaps for Roger) always about a principle.  About removing government from the control of our money.  About financial services for the little guy who has no access to those services.  About ridding ourselves of the Banks in all their evilness.
A person of principle would perhaps not just chill out and enjoy the wealth but try to do something to share the benefits.  I dont know the truth and certainly I am not arrogant enough to ascribe any motivation, good or bad, to another.
All I know is that the "make money" motivation on this sub seems to have eclipsed "the principle" motivation.  
That makes me sad. 
 
 
@_date: 2015-07-15 09:51:42
I'm in Thailand but have a fast internet connection.  After sending payment the movie started streaming with 20 seconds.  I chose the option to download and that took about 3 minutes.  The file size is 526 megabytes.
I too am disappointed that the only resolution offered is 854 x 480, basically just a bit better than standard definition.  I would have preferred an HD copy.  However the system worked smoothly and easily so no real complaints.
Now, I'll watch the movie and see what I think of it.