@_author: paul-cointrader
@_date: 2014-02-19 17:52:27
We were informed of the decision via phone from our branch manager, prior to any letters being sent out. I cannot speak on behalf of BMO or the head office which made the decision. I am simply passing forward the information provided to us.
We have been visited by BMO management, had our processes vetted, and have been showcased at BMO small-business functions. We have been working together with BMO for several months to develop a template for how they can evaluate and understand the nature of Bitcoin businesses. According to management, BMO Head Office has decided that it will no longer retain a relationship with Bitcoin businesses.
@_date: 2014-02-18 22:46:05
Cointrader.net is not registered as an MSB and FINTRAC has written us that we do not qualify as an MSB based on our business operations.
Our BMO manager has informed us that the issue is Bitcoin specifically, and an MSB license is irrelevant. They have made it clear that there is nothing we can, or could have done, to avoid this situation.
In fact, we were working closely with BMO as a model for procedures to be used with Bitcoin companies. BMO management has visited our location, evaluated our processes, and even featured us at small business dinner at their main Vancouver branch last November.
We have spoken with several other Bitcoin businesses with BMO, some of which have been given their closure notice and others have not. It is likely that not all businesses have been as forthcoming or transparent with the Bitcoin nature of their business and may not be immediately discovered.
@_date: 2014-02-12 21:07:49
There are many ways to track a transaction besides an unconfirmed TX. Source address, destination address, timestamp, value, etc. Trusted data is updated after 6 confirmations, linking it back to the original TX.
@_date: 2014-02-12 23:03:36
Trusted data is the TX data that has been included in the Blockchain after 6 confirmations. If there is a discrepancy between the blockchain and our initial TX hash, we update our records to use the official (blockchain confirmed) TX hash. This data is 'trusted' because the blockchain cannot be modified.