@_author: paulajohnson
@_date: 2016-08-20 18:42:04
Sounds like an effective way of selling BTC to Microsoft: buy their electronic currency, then demand they take it back and refund the cost to your credit card.
@_date: 2017-12-15 07:25:54
Actually, the usage will simply grow again until the mempool hits capacity. But at least we will have twice the number of transactions, and the fees at that point will be lower than they are now.
@_date: 2017-12-24 23:01:41
Because you can't tell if this is the time when 200 S per byte isn't going to clear for a week.
@_date: 2017-12-15 21:38:22
You'll probably find they're using Bcash and calling it Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-12-01 23:03:47
Given the number who failed to declare their swimming pools, I don't see this working.
@_date: 2017-12-24 08:57:01
I have a wierd theory: maybe Bitcoin has become so popular that the demand for transactions has exceeded the supply.
@_date: 2015-12-11 16:42:05
It would not require new technology or costly adjustments. It would require simply the abridgement of the First Amendment.
@_date: 2015-12-01 20:44:29
Has the recovery key been kept secure? One possibility is that someone has copied it into another Trezor and moved your Bitcoins out.
@_date: 2015-06-20 11:17:54
The "regulatory environment" has multiple layers. In the USA the Constitution is the foundation layer, authorising Congress to make certain laws. Based on those constitutional authorisations are the Statutes, defining the agencies that are tasked with regulating a particular area and the general terms under which the regulation will occur. Statutes change very infrequently, like every few decades.
On top of that each agency will publish its own regulations within the limits defined in the statutes. These regulations are more specific, and therefore change more often. But change is still ponderous, requiring months of consultation and redrafting before the final regulation is published. A particular regulation may last for years, but new regulations covering new issues come up fairly frequently. Ben Lawsky's Bitcoin regulation is an example of this.
Then you have various internal interpretations, policies, training materials and guidance notes for the actual people doing the regulating. These try to keep everyone consistent across the organisation (not easy), and address new questions that arise or decisions that have been made in particular cases. These are not published, but you can get at them via FOIA requests. They can change at any time, but they have to stay consistent with the lower levels of regulation and statute.
Finally you have the actual decisions made by individuals in particular cases, along with broader executive decisions about what aspects of regulation need more emphasis or time spent on them. This can shift from day to day.
Alongside this you also have court decisions that can modify all the above at any time.
So the "regulatory environment" can change quite fluidly. If you are a regulated business then you keep up with this stuff for your own protection. Part of this is having regular conversations with agency staffers about changes in policy, how your business plans fit into that, and so forth. The statutes and regulations generally give the agency a wide latitude in investigating, auditing and inspecting, and coping with this is basically a cost of doing business in any regulated industry. You want to keep that cost down of course, so attracting the negative attention of your regulator is something you work hard to avoid.
Back in the 2000s I was working at a medical devices manufacturer, and someone in the Quality Dept had one of these chats with the FDA, during which the FDA staffer talked about the dangers of using open source software like Linux, which was developed by hackers, and anyone could change it, so obviously it wasn't safe to use in medical devices. We managed to re-educate the Quality people in that case, but it was a tense time.
So probably some financial services staffer has had a quiet word with Coinbase (and probably other financial institutions) about how they view gun makers as being tempted to sell guns to the wrong people, so anyone handling money for them is likely to attract more attention, audits and the like. Coinbase are probably already considered a bit risky because they do BitCoin, so they will have taken the hint.
@_date: 2015-06-20 11:29:43
The solution, for companies in this situation, is to talk to their suppliers about how they will find it easier to do business with people who take Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-06-30 06:57:37
Or they talk to their supplier about how they should start accepting BTC. I'm sure this supplier has this problem a lot more often than the OP.
@_date: 2015-06-28 13:47:22
Not quite. Three counter-examples spring to mind:
* Constitutionally limited governments (like the US) can't pass laws that are not authorised by the constitution.
* European governments can't pass laws that are contrary to European law.  The Greek government, for instance, cannot print more Euros.
* No government can pass laws that constitute crimes against humanity, although at present enforcement tends to be rather spotty and a long time after the fact.
@_date: 2015-06-27 07:52:59
Either Electrum or Armory. I use the latter. It lets you split the wallet secret key into any number of parts, of which a defined subset will let you reconstruct the wallet. So you can create, say, 5 pieces of paper in sealed envelopes, and any 3 will let you reconstruct the wallet. Then store all 5 in separate trusted places (relatives, your bank, buried in a box the garden etc).
Thumb drives are not reliable for long-term storage. You got lucky there.
@_date: 2018-05-17 07:12:27
The RBE is standard utopian dreaming with no practical plan. However your critique of it is faulty. RBE actually aims to improve productivity by taking resources from the unproductive and giving them to people who, with the right resources, can become productive.
Your concern about who makes the decision is more reasonable. Every political system needs a class of people who allocate resources. The problem is how to prevent them from allocating the lions share to themselves.
Edit: in your world, productive is this: 
while unproductive is this: 
@_date: 2015-06-25 21:15:22
Take a look at Argentina on CoinMap. Buenos Aires is this hotspot with 100 locations. Its actually one of the most Bitcoin-intensive cities on Earth
@_date: 2015-06-28 08:37:28
Bitcoin is a classic disruptive technology, which means that Bitcoin will spread first in niche markets that are currently under-served by the mainstream financial system. The usual examples are foreign remittances, countries with major capital controls and/or unstable currencies, people with smartphones but no bank account, and industries such as porn and gambling that have different degrees of legality around the world.  None of those apply to the average joe in the rich democracies of the world, but they do apply to a lot of average joes in a lot of other places.
@_date: 2014-11-02 19:30:55
I'd say so. 90 bits of entropy equates to around 1e28. Even if you can search 1G keys per second its going to take about 14 million million years.
However be careful: many people have failed here because they used deterministic random number generators with much less than 90 bits. If your RNG has 32 bits of state then it doesn't matter how many characters you use, you still only have 32 bits of entropy (at best). If you choose the characters yourself then you will bias the results and have less than 90 bits. Make sure whatever generator you use is suitable for cryptographic work.
@_date: 2014-02-24 07:34:29
You link a vein pattern to a person by using the handy collection of vein patterns and ID documents in this machine.
Once you have a photo of someone's vein pattern you create a copy using infra-red ink (or something) and put it on the scanner. I don't know of anyone who has demonstrated this ability, but its only a matter of time.
@_date: 2018-05-16 14:16:42
This is already happening. When wealth and the means of production consist primarily of information and expertise, war becomes pointless. Imagine trying to invade Silicon Valley in order to seize the wealth it creates.
@_date: 2014-01-26 12:13:20
You would be wise to diversify out of Lira. Getting some dollars and/or gold as well might not be a bad idea, but I'm guessing that in times of turmoil security for gold is probably even more problematic than security for bitcoin, and there are likely to be limitations on holding dollars. At times of turmoil, diversity is always a good idea.
Right now Bitcoin prices seem to have stabilised around $800. The past pattern has been for some months of stability followed by a sudden bubble that then stabilises again at around half of the peak. This has happened three times now, but whether it will follow this pattern in the future is anyone's guess.
Anyhow: you need a computer with internet connection, and another computer (preferably a small cheap laptop) that is not connected to the Internet, a thumb drive and a printer. Install Armory on both computers and follow its instructions to create an offline wallet. Print backup copies of the wallets (Armory will prompt you to do this when you create them). You can do all this and check that your paper backups work without putting any money into them.
Then buy some bitcoins. I don't know the best way of doing this in Turkey; if you can get a verified account on BitStamp and then use your bank to convert your Lira into dollars on BitStamp then do it that way. Otherwise maybe you can use Local Bitcoins to find someone in your vicinity who will do a cash deal. Expect to pay a premium there though, and moving $20k will take time. You will also need a smartphone so that you can accept the Bitcoins in person (or you can have an ordinary cellphone and talk to someone back home watching your computer for the transaction to go through).
If bank transfers are fairly easy and cheap then do a small transaction first to gain confidence. Its amazing how the fear and uncertainty dissolves once you see it work.
Good luck, and let us know how it goes.
@_date: 2014-11-25 20:27:00
Perhaps he could talk to his employer. Presumably they are getting the dollars in somehow. He could ask them to buy bitcoins and pay part of his salary in those.
OTOH if he could do that, he could just ask them to transfer the money direct into Euros in Germany.
@_date: 2018-05-26 08:56:55
The trademark in question is here: 
They have registered the bare word "Bitcoin" when applied to clothing and drinks. I was surprised to find that this is a thing: here is a similar one for the word "animal". If you sell software, leather goods, ropes or a whole list of other stuff and call it "animal" then you are infringing this trademark. 
In fact it turns out that there are already a number of other similar trademarks. If you go here:  and search for the exact word "Bitcoin" you will find 10 different trademarks, many of which seem to overlap.
@_date: 2014-07-31 10:59:00
AsI recall the Cypriot government was required to honour the account guarantee levels that kept the retail savers whole (and the EU backed this guarantee with 10 billion Euros). However this meant a bigger haircut for accounts with more than the guaranteed amount. 
There were certainly stories of some russian oligarchs getting their money out through various back doors, leaving honest savers with even bigger haircuts, but that is theft by the oligarchs and/or bank management (who may have been afraid of what would happen if they didn't cooperate), not government confiscation.
@_date: 2014-02-11 08:14:53
Unfortunately Mr Nakamoto couldn't be with us here tonight....
@_date: 2018-05-26 09:12:43
I'm not a lawyer, but I *think* that anyone who has already sold something that would infringe this trademark (e.g a tee-shirt with "Bitcoin" printed on it) in the UK can apply to have the trademark invalidated on the grounds that they have a prior right by virtue of copyright. The downside is that it costs £200 to apply and its effectively a specialised lawsuit. 
@_date: 2014-10-24 21:53:16
You say "banking is not a human right, its a privilege". But these days not having a bank account is seriously disabling: many employers, especially for "salary" rather than "wage" jobs, will only pay into a bank account, so not having a bank account makes it difficult to have a job. Similarly many utilities want to see a bank account and expect you to pay by direct debit or card. Electricity companies are likely to install a coin meter, which is both expensive and inconvenient. And you probably won't be able to get Internet access except by PAYG cellphone. There is a long list of other things you can't do easily or at all. Next time you pull out your plastic think about what you would have done without a bank account.
@_date: 2018-05-16 14:27:49
Your statement is based on a false dichotomy between "the productive" and "the unproductive". I generate value in the economy by sitting at a computer and typing. As such I am "productive" in your scheme. However if you take away my computer, my network access or my electricity supply I can no longer generate value and become "unproductive". Hence my status in your world depends on the societal context within which I exist. The same goes for those you term "unproductive": given the right resources they can become "productive".
Furthermore, your statement implies that only the productive have resources. This is clearly not the case: economists recognise a phenomenon they call "rent seeking"  which basically means the diversion of resources to people who do not generate value. Therefore it makes sense to take resources from those who are not creating value and give it to those who, given the right resources, might be able to create more.
@_date: 2014-09-15 07:04:36
If the property is a cannabis farm then contacting the property owner would be a good way of tipping off the grower.
They had already checked the property for signs of a cannabis farm: the sign was the anomalous power signature. Search warrants do not need proof beyond reasonable doubt.
If it became known that open windows would prevent a raid then growers would just leave windows open and rely on net air movement in through the windows and out through the filters you mentioned. Assuming of course that an open window or two is going to allow a noticeable smell.
I know its a pain, but the real problem isn't the police, its the War on Drugs.
@_date: 2014-11-02 15:49:46
Password strength is measured in bits of "entropy". Roughly speaking, each bit of entropy doubles the strength of the password.
With 26 letters in the alphabet a random lower case letter has 4.7 bits of entropy (2^4.7 = 26), so 15 letters would be 4.7*15 =70 bits. Anything over 60 bits is probably safe against anything less than the NSA, so you would probably be safe.
If you mix upper and lower case and digits then you have 62 characters, giving almost 6 bits per character, so 15 characters would be almost 90 bits of entropy, which would be very strong.
But if your passphrase is chosen from English words then the entropy drops to maybe 2 bits per character, giving you a mere 30 bits. I haven't done the sums, but that can probably be broken in a few days by a high-end graphics card.
If the passphrase is a quotation then the entropy drops even further. Its hard to estimate, but you would be somewhere between 10 and 20 bits.
So it depends.
@_date: 2014-10-24 22:13:03
Its not hugely difficult to keep your BTC safe. 
1: Get yourself the cheapest old laptop you can find (I used an EEE PC 900 from ebay). If its got an 800x600 screen then its big enough for the job.
2: Install Ubuntu Linux on the cheap laptop (download from Internet, put on thumb drive, reboot). Disable the wifi.
3: Install Armory bitcoin wallet on both the cheap laptop and your main PC.
4: Use Armory to create a new wallet on the cheap laptop. The secret keys to control the wallet will never leave the old laptop, and you will never connect it to the Internet or run any other software.
5: Use a thumb drive and follow the Armory instructions to copy the wallet ID from your cheap laptop to your main PC. You can now use the "watching" wallet on your PC to create new addresses for people to send money to.
6: Follow the Armory instructions to back up your wallet. For extra safety, create 5 backup fragments of which any 3 can be used to recover the wallet. Put these 5 fragments in separate safe places.
7: Buy some bitcoins and transfer them in to the wallet.
8: Practice sending a small amount to a low-security wallet (e.g. on your phone) and then sending them back.
9: Relax. Your bitcoins are safe.
@_date: 2014-03-29 09:45:45
Over here its known as "the grocer's apostrophe" after the apocryphal grocer who advertised "cabbage's 50p".
@_date: 2014-09-14 15:34:56
In the US civil forfiture laws mean the police can confiscate your stuff merely because it looks vaguely suspicious (i.e. unusual), and then you have to sue them to get it back. Presumably his lawyer will be lining up a lawsuit to recover the property, but that is in the future.
@_date: 2014-04-27 18:31:03
Bear in mind this is probably more anti-alcohol than anti-bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-09-27 17:03:25
I had this when we moved back from the US to the UK a decade ago: we sold our US house after moving back and had the funds transferred into our US checking account. Then I phoned up the US bank and asked them to close the account and transfer the balance to the UK. Even though the conversation was so long ago I remember it distinctly:
Bank: No problem Sir, just come into any branch.
Me: Where is my nearest branch?
Bank: I'll just look that up Sir. Which state are you in?
Me: I'm in the United Kingdom. Do you have any branches over here?
Bank: No. I think the nearest branch to you would probably be New York.
In the end I wrote two checks drawn on the US account and paid them in to the UK. It cost £50 per check, but that was a tiny fraction of the amount being transferred, so I was prepared to put up with it. I can't remember why it was two checks now; maybe we just wanted to spread the risk or something.
@_date: 2014-06-30 19:23:17
Most of the "jewellery" made in gold is bought in India and China, because owning gold bullion is illegal, but you can own as many kilos of gold chain as you like.
Anyway, why do we make jewellery out of gold? We have lots of other shiny stuff that can be made into pretty shapes. Answer: because gold is valuable and the other stuff isn't. So why is gold valuable?
@_date: 2014-03-13 18:22:42
Its a little off topic, but an interesting possibility with short selling is the "infinite squeeze" in which someone has cornered the market to the point where the short sellers need to buy more of the asset than there is on the market. Unlikely but theoretically possible with Bitcoins. In such a case the person who has cornered the market can basically demand arbitrarily large amounts for the asset, and the short sellers have no choice but to pay.
See  for a real-life example.
@_date: 2014-01-11 17:58:15
These are the things I would want to do:
* Hire people who know security inside out. Tell them to make your system fireproof. Make their annual bonus contingent on an absence of security incidents.
* Keep multiple levels of security between your wallets and your front end machines. So your web server has to first authenticate the transaction, and then send an order to a back-end machine with the wallet on for the actual transfer. The back end machine sits behind another level of firewall and will not talk to anything other than the front end machine.
* Consider hiring a professional monitoring company such as Counterpane to keep watch for suspicious activity.
* Implement limits and alarms on your wallet machines so that the money can't go out too fast; that way if your front end machines get hacked you might be able to hit the kill switch before you lose everything.
* Put physical security around your wallet machines. E.g. set them up so you can only get root on the wallet machines from the console, and put them in a room where you need 2 out of 3 people to turn the keys to get in.
* Program the servers using a language that can support security properties in its type system (e.g. Haskell -  Dynamically typed languages are cool, but you can only discover problems during test, and testing security is very difficult. Static checks provide stronger guarantees.
* Implement a high-ceremony process for software development: lots of code reviews, sign-offs, configuration control etc. Nobody should be able to sneak in a line of code without someone else looking at it.
* Hope.
Don't assume that the high volume in the hot wallet is a given. Most businesses can put limits on large transactions, so if your customer wants to withdraw 1BTC then they can do it immediately, but if they want 100BTC then maybe they have to wait a few hours and undergo some extra checking (like calling their home phone number). Most customers are fine with that; it shows you are taking your job seriously and they won't find their life savings have evaporated overnight. Then you can keep the volume in the hot wallets down because the 1BTC transactions mostly cancel out and you only need to move 100BTC from cold storage on rare occasions.
@_date: 2014-05-16 15:39:09
Yes and no. The rational reason for a stock split is because the price of a single share has become inconveniently large; you want to invest $5000, but if the price is $2,000 you have to choose between $4,000 and $6,000. That is nothing to do with psychology.
However it has been noticed that after a 2 for 1 split the price often settles a bit above half the old price.
@_date: 2014-03-03 21:58:08
I hope you never program a system that looks after money. Please, if you do any serious programming, learn about floating point. 0.1 is a recurring binary decimal. Programs that use FP for precise numbers like financial amounts *always* find that the accumulated rounding errors bite them in the ass sooner or later. Adding slop doesn't solve the problem, it just hides it for a while. Just never ever use FP for precise decimals.
Yes, you can express everything in Satoshi, just as I said. That is the Right Thing.
@_date: 2014-03-01 18:25:57
The issue is that while the regulations say a bunch of mostly sensible stuff, they also include a requirement to get a license, which adds nothing to the assurance provided by the regulations and costs a huge amount. If the licensing requirement was removed then there would be a lot of US BTC exchanges and no extra risk.
@_date: 2014-03-05 14:09:32
The problem is that these regulations carry overheads and cause significant collateral damage. If they are, as you say, easy to circumvent (and it sure looks that way) then it is very likely that the overheads and collateral damage exceed the value of the crime prevented.
@_date: 2018-05-13 10:44:09
Except of course for the ones that haven't devalued and collapsed yet.
@_date: 2014-07-17 19:34:08
How about trying to engage with the regulator over why this particular regulation makes little sense.
It was probably written with centrally issued electronic currencies such as eGold in mind. Furthermore the whole regulation only applies to businesses. An altcoin is not created as a business, and therefore won't be covered by the regulation.
@_date: 2018-05-17 07:52:30
Your plan merely moves the problems of private property from individuals to your "local municipal governments". Who decides which resources are within which boundaries? How do these municipalities cooperate on big projects such as long-distance transport, trans-oceanic telecoms and medical research? What happens when one municipality pollutes a river, thereby poisoning everyone downstream? Modern life is too complex to be managed by such a scheme.
@_date: 2014-01-25 10:04:51
I think calling in the police would be overkill, but if that happened in a work context it would be the cue for HR to read the riot act about any repetition. I wonder if this guy has ever actually held down a job.
What should really have happened is that everyone else told the guy he was out of order and to back off. But its the kind of situation where the bystander effect kicks in: everyone waits for everyone else to say something.
@_date: 2014-09-05 21:16:10
You need to find the pain point. What problems does he have with the banking system now? If everything works smoothly then there is no pain point. OTOH if he has to send or receive $1000 via foreign banks and often only $900 arrives a week later then he has a pain point you can exploit.
@_date: 2014-03-28 16:30:58
I believe that if you ran into trouble at the UK border you could use the reference number at the top as proof that you were acting legally.
@_date: 2014-04-22 20:03:56
Its not a theoretical attack; there was a thread here where someone scanned a QR code in a restaurant, only to discover that a scammer had pasted their own QR code on top.
@_date: 2014-01-28 18:48:43
* Novel business models. Porn is mostly sold by the month because $10 is pretty much the minimum payment on a credit card. With BTC you could pay e.g. $0.50 for an hour.
* The customer doesn't need to trust you in the same way; he knows that you can't rip off his account, pass his details on to scammers or blackmailers, or set up a recurring "subscription" that he can't opt out of without three months written notice or something. Not that you would, but the customer doesn't necessarily know that.
* How about micro referral fees? If a website refers someone to you and they pay you, kick back 10% to the referrer without having an advert broker in the way.
One thing to mention is that people don't yet have all the answers on novel business models; the thing is that once you are accepting BTC, and especially if you have your own infrastructure for accepting it, then you can brainstorm ideas and experiment.
Don't worry too much about the technical details of Bitcoin; just point out that you can hire in an expert once you have decided to do it. You don't need much anyway. As others have pointed out, you can just hire BitPay or a similar payment processor. But you can also set up a wallet on your own machines. You don't need to have a "hot" wallet on a customer facing server in order to receive coins; you can have a "watching only" wallet that generates receive addresses for each customer (unique IDs so you can match payment to customer), but if the host gets hacked the hackers can't steal anything. The heavy security is only required for machines which can send money out.
@_date: 2014-03-03 18:25:23
I really like the phrase "trying to throw a cloak of respectability over its mathematical code". As if mathematical code is inherently unrespectable.
@_date: 2014-02-18 21:10:10
Respect and compromise are different things. We can stay respectful while still insisting that he justify hammering entrepreneurs whilst letting off HSBC.
@_date: 2014-11-02 15:39:32
Eek. While brainwallets *can* be safe, you have to generate a passphrase with enough entropy to defeat brute-force attacks over its lifespan and then remember it for years with little or no reinforcement. Both of these are serious weaknesses.
 And even then you have to trust any device you type the passphrase into (yes, also an issue with paper wallets, as I note elsewhere in this thread).
I would never advise anyone to use a brainwallet.
@_date: 2018-08-28 10:53:28
This is survivorship bias (or its inverse). You exclude all the ones that haven't failed, and thereby come up with a misleadingly low number for the average lifespan.  But of course you aren't interested in that: you just want to propogate a truthy meme.
What would be worth noting, and less misleading, is that by the end of this year Bitcoin will have lasted longer than 82 historical fiat currencies.
@_date: 2014-01-26 11:10:53
Bear in mind that this does not mean that bitcoins are "money" within the meaning of any other bits of law, and especially tax law.
@_date: 2014-06-12 16:52:54
The government in Cyprus did not raid the banks: the banks were already insolvent because they had lent money that wasn't going to be repaid. The EU merely declined to print yet more Euros to bail them out, which is what happens when you have a hard currency.
@_date: 2014-04-01 19:54:17
There is an old legal saying: when the facts are against you, pound the law. When the law is against you, pound the facts. When both are against you, pound the table.
I think in this case Dratel is pounding the law.
@_date: 2014-02-16 13:48:33
To be more precise, the difference between Mt Gox and other exchanges reflects the market consensus of the odds that they will re-enable BTC withdrawals divided by the odds that anyone with fiat currencies on Mt Gox will ever be able to withdraw those.
@_date: 2014-11-02 15:40:35
The weakest link in any paper wallet is the device you scan it into when you decide to spend it. You have to trust that device with the whole amount on the wallet. Make sure you plan ahead when you come to spend it.
@_date: 2014-06-28 18:26:00
Alternatively they may want to tie an email to a BTC address, so then they can go looking for any online accounts that might be hacked or socially engineered using the paired info ("I lost my password my email is mark and my BTC wallet is 1Bxxxxxxxxxxx, can you help?")
@_date: 2014-05-18 16:19:48
How do you prove that someone else hasn't generated the signature in some other way? For instance, if I had a large BTC balance I might sell arbitrary signed statements to anyone who wants to "prove" that they own that balance.
@_date: 2014-03-10 10:17:54
Sign up with an identity-theft protection bureau. They trawl hacker forums for stolen IDs and tell you when they find something.
@_date: 2014-06-16 10:53:37
In "The Innovator's Dilemma", Clayton Christensen talks about disruptive technologies, such as the replacement of steam shovels by hydraulic diggers. Disruption occurs when a new technology comes along that initially appears inferior to the incumbent according to traditional measures (e.g. steam shovels were measured on scoop capacity), but which finds a market niche somewhere that the incumbent companies see as trivial and not worth bothering with (e.g. digging trenches that were too small for a steam shovel). Aggressive start-up companies colonise this niche and then start to improve the technology in order to expand their markets. Ultimately the new technology reaches a point where it is superior to the incumbent even in its primary markets (e.g. major earthworks) and the incumbent companies suddenly go bust (when did you last see a steam shovel at work?).
Here we have a classic case of this phenomenon: a group of customers who want financial services but can't afford them. If Bitcoin can establish itself in this niche then it will be able to expand out from there to also serve people who have bank accounts but don't get much value from them, and then start poaching increasingly valuable customers until the banks discover that they haven't got any business left.
However it is not just a matter of letting the unbanked know that Bitcoin exists; there are two problems that Bitcoin must solve first. Number 1 is volatility. Bitcoin value has been growing by a factor of 10 per year on average, but that isn't much use to you when the Bitcoins you were planning to use to pay this months rent have suddenly halved in value. Number 2 is security, includinig accidental loss as well as theft. Remember the line in the article about loosing a card loaded with cash? Bitcoins suffer the same problem, and we are not dealing with the most organised or technically savey users here. So while I think that Bitcoin is going to be a disruptive technology in the retail banking sector, I don't think its going to happen just yet.
@_date: 2014-03-08 17:39:40
The real thing to look for in the developing world is a country with a diaspora that sends lots of money home via Western Union or similar. Where is that?
The thing to do would be to sell some kind of turnkey "BTC to local fiat" business to local shopkeepers, say via a smartphone app. Then anyone near such a shop can arrange for a relative abroad to send them BTC via the shop and cash out in local currency.
@_date: 2014-05-10 09:56:55
Its not that the individuals are necessarily dumb, its just that they can be prosecuted if they don't follow the letter of the law. The law itself is rather vague, so its probably supplemented with a load of "guidance" that effectively has the strength of the law but which you are not allowed to see. So intelligent thought is neither necessary nor desired, and you are left trying to navigate a bunch of rules without knowing what they are.
That said, if you've been running an unlicensed money exchange business then you are definitely not in the gray area.
@_date: 2014-09-21 07:14:52
Trouble is, when people find out there is a significant exchange risk in Bitcoin they are going to feel you have misled them.
@_date: 2014-08-01 17:23:40
Assuming the question to mean "could a BTC be worth what $500k is worth today", then a better way to frame the question is: Is there an upper limit on what Bitcoin *might* reach?
If Bitcoin continues to grow then it will start to displace fiat, in that people will be earning and spending BTC instead of national fiat. Suppose that this process goes to completion, how much would the 20M bitcoins then in existence be worth?
Money supply is measured as M0, M1 and M2. The M1 money supply for the US is around $2.5 trillion, that is $2.5e12. This includes money held in checking accounts and other short term almost-zero interest accounts, but excludes savings (which are counted under M2). The reason that M0, M1 and M2 are different is that money in bank accounts is effectively in two places at once: its in the account, but its also lent out or invested to earn interest.   At that point the Bitcoin M0 will be around 20M BTC. 
Checking accounts are a service rather than an investment: people put money in them because its more secure than keeping it in the house and it lets them do things with it that are difficult or impossible with physical cash, like buying stuff from Amazon. Bitcoin effectively replaces banks for this purpose, so if the dollar is replaced by bitcoin then people will probably be holding their liquid money (i.e M1) as actual bitcoin rather than in an account in a bank, so the Bitcoin M0 will be close to the Bitcoin M1. However if someone wants to invest to get interest then it will be lent out or invested in some way, creating a much larger Bitcoin M2 as people put Bitcoin in interest-bearing accounts in banks and the banks lend it out like they do with dollars today (or people disintermediate the banks and do it peer-to-peer: the economics are the same).
So if Bitcoin replaced the whole of the dollar M1 then a Bitcoin would be worth 2.5e12/20e6 = $125,000.
The US is predicted to be around 1/6 of the world economy by 2019 ( so if the same thing happens world wide then you are looking at one BTC being worth 6 times as much = $750,000
So yes, it is possible. But I'd say its unlikely to happen within 10 years.
Of course, its also possible that Bitcoins will collapse into a pile of random noise.
@_date: 2014-02-09 08:23:54
Why anyone with more than $1000 worth of BTC isn't using Armoury with an offline wallet I will never understand. Its not difficult to set up and the offline component runs on any old laptop. I got an old Eee PC off eBay to host mine. A Raspberry Pi and KVM switch wound be another viable alternative.
@_date: 2014-05-25 12:14:43
If the price were to rise steadily then I'd have no problem. Its the yoyo behaviour that is actually preventing more real use.
@_date: 2014-01-25 10:07:09
Its creepy because women do not want to be full time "potential romantic interests".
@_date: 2014-05-18 16:21:35
How about cold storage wallets? You need to bring the key on-line in order to sign a message, which weakens the security.
Having said that, it does prove you haven't just lost the keys, which might be a concern in an audit.
@_date: 2014-03-08 17:37:47
While malware has been distributed via USB in the past, its usually via autoexec files. If you use Linux and ensure that autoexec is not enabled then you should be pretty safe. The only attack channel then would be a buffer overun attack in the file system itself. While possible in theory, I've never heard of one.
@_date: 2014-05-18 13:38:47
The biggest problem I can see with using whole BTC is that everyday prices have a lot of leading zeros. Does that pint of beer cost 0.001 or 0.0001 BTC? If the price goes on multiplying by 10 every year then this problem is going to get worse, and somewhere along the line con-men are going to start exploiting the resulting confusion.
On the other hand if we start working with mBTC and uBTC (most people aren't going to try to figure out how to type a μ) then we will also get people who thought they were paying 1mBTC and wound up paying a whole BTC instead.
On the third hand, the Italians and Japanese managed perfectly well with currency units worth a fraction of a cent.  Currently 1 yen is worth about 1 cent, and before the Euro replaced it an Italian Lira was worth 1/20 of a UK penny. (To put it another way, a Lira would currently be worth about 1.8 uBTC). So maybe the people saying that we should just jump to uBTC have a point. People do seem to find it easier to think about the difference between 20,000 and 2,000 than the difference between 0.0002 and 0.002. They are also a lot easier to say, and the regular convention for commas makes it easier to read (although the fact that some countries swap the commas and decimal points is another rich source of ambiguity and confusion).
@_date: 2014-05-14 19:42:31
In UK and US law a contract is formed when two people agree to some exchange of value. Any kind of writing or other record is merely evidence of what was agreed; its not an essential component of the contract. So if this evidence is on a floppy disk, computer hard drive, email stored on Google or the BlockChain makes no difference.
@_date: 2014-09-30 20:49:51
In particular these instruments allow the exchange risk to be moved to someone else. zeusa1mighty's example of the grain farmer is a good one: the farmer effectively pays a trader to take the volatility risk for him. The trader in turn can make matching bets in other markets to try to match opposing risks. For instance if the harvest is plentiful then the grain price goes down and the trader loses money. But in that case railway shares will go up because more transport is needed. So our trader can hedge the bet on grain price by buying railway shares at the same time. That is the origin of the term "hedge fund".
@_date: 2014-02-06 19:09:51
This is a common anti-pattern with regulation. There is continual pressure to stop bad people doing bad things, but on the other hand the principle of "rule of law not rule of men" requires that only people who break pre-existing rules be punished. This creates pressure to stop the bad people doing bad things by writing rules. Once a rule is in place it can never be repealed because that would let bad people do bad things. So over time the rules accumulate. Eventually you reach the point where no normally talented human can actually obey all the rules all the time, so those charged with enforcing the rules have to choose between closing the entire industry down and selectively enforcing the rules against those they deem to be bad people while still letting the rest of the industry carry on. Thus a system intended to create a rule by law winds up creating rule by men.
@_date: 2014-12-07 10:28:06
In my case I would have bought one, except that I already have a second-hand netbook running Armory off-line with paper backups of my keys. So its a bit redundant.
But I would certainly urge anyone with significant funds in BTC to get a Trezor or similar device. Friends don't let friends keep savings on a general purpose PC.
@_date: 2014-02-09 16:08:12
(I'll assume you are not just picking on the typo)
Bitcoin Armory ( is a Bitcoin wallet designed to provide very high security for Bitcoin wallets. In particular:
1: You can keep your wallet private keys off-line using a separate computer that never connects to the Internet. When you want to spend money you use a thumb drive to transfer the unsigned transaction to the off-line computer, sign it there, then use the thumb drive to transfer the signed transaction back over to your on-line machine for broadcast to the network. Sounds complicated, but its not hard in practice, and its ideal for high-value wallets that you only occasionally take money from. (Payment into one of these wallets happens automatically; no need for the secret key for that).
2: The wallets can be backed up on paper. Armory will give you a series of random letters to either write down or print out. If you have this wallet key then you can always recover the wallet and its contents, even if everything else is completely destroyed. Of course you also need to keep the paper copies correspondingly safe and secure. You can also get an "m of n" backup; for instance you can print out 4 different pieces of paper for a wallet and Armory can recover the wallet from any 3.
The only cost is the off-line computer. As I say, any old laptop will do the job. I'd recommend installing Xubuntu Linux so you don't have to trust its old OS, and then putting Armory on top of that; its a cut-down version of Ubuntu designed for old PCs, and Armory has an installer that loads directly onto it.
@_date: 2014-06-30 19:28:51
Actually if gold did stop being a store of value you might well find that it does have a negative value, in that you would have to pay scrap merchants to haul the stuff away and store it until someone building electronics finally gets around to using it. True, gold is useful in electronics because it doesn't oxidise, its a good conductor and it deforms slightly when you use it in a connector, so it makes very good connections. But if the price of gold ingots dropped to zero I don't think its industrial uses would go up very much because its uses are fairly specialised.
@_date: 2014-06-06 07:38:07
That is an important step, but you need to make sure that every receptionist knows about it and has run through the process at least once.
Also, if you use a tablet make sure it stays charged.
@_date: 2014-07-12 19:52:13
Creepy crepes?
@_date: 2014-06-04 18:14:59
Yes, bitpay or similar.
But don't forget the training for the receptionist(s). You need to make sure that when the customer pulls out his phone and says "Bitcoin?" the person behind the desk knows what to do.
The risk is that you will hand the current receptionist a tablet and give them a 5 minute demo, and by the time the first customer actually wants to pay with Bitcoin in a couple of weeks time they have forgotten what to do, or lost the tablet under paperwork, or been replaced by someone new.
In circumstances like this, the technology is the least of it.
@_date: 2014-12-14 21:44:45
Ownership is a legal concept, control is a physical one. You own both BTC and fiat on an exchange or bank, but you give up some degree of control of it. Conversely when someone hacks a PC and steals the BTC on it, they have control but not ownership.
Conflating the two is not useful.
@_date: 2014-09-21 07:12:06
This is a wierd thing to see in AML training, regardless of the wider context. AML is about regulatory obligations, but this (and the linked press release) focus on the investment risk; use for illegal purposes is barely mentioned.
@_date: 2014-05-14 19:44:23
Note that in most jurisdictions real property (land and houses) has a different set of rules about transfer of title than chattel property (everything else). You might be able to tie title to a car to a coloured coin, but not a house.
@_date: 2014-04-23 06:43:25
Thanks for writing such a long and thoughtful reply. You make some good points. I agree that the initial response of the central banks will be hostility, but once they decide that Bitcoin is inevitable they will want to stabilise it. The primary motivation for each individual bank to cooperate will be the fear that someone else is going to gain control.
If the central banks can mint bitcoins then they will get seignorage on them.
The problem for large organisations writing big software is a very different one to that of maintaining the bitcoind. Disasters like PPACA come from a combination of budget pressure, arbitrary and unstable requirements and the practice of handing big projects to big outsourcing companies who's core business competence is winning government contracts. With bitcoind they just need a small organisation to hire the existing maintainers and formalise the strong review and release processes that already exist. Yes, there is scope here to screw it up by trying to replace the existing maintainers with one of those government contractors I mentioned earlier, but all of those contractors are strongly beholden to particular governments, which means that for any given contractor there is only one government that really trusts them. Hence none of them will get the job.
I think your invocation of Gresham's Law misses the point. Gresham was talking about the situation where the government circulates two types of money (originally it was shillings made from pure silver and from a silver-tin alloy) and tries to force people to treat them as equally valuable. That will not be the case here.  Instead "old" and "new" bitcoins will compete as independent currencies, and thus be subject to the network effects. I think the "new" bitcoins will be on the winning side of that competition for the reasons I gave in the original post.
You mention the risk of having some group able to modify the blockchain. Again, I don't think that any government is going to want to hand that power to anyone else, so they will not accept a proposal that allows it. A situation where one of the "to big to fail" institutions of one nation could be bankrupted by a majority vote in some international committee is going to be considered unacceptable by all nations, so they won't allow such a capability to be added to the Bitcoin software. This really is going to be a case where the code is law, as Lawrence Lessig put it.
@_date: 2014-06-01 18:06:27
According to the UK Inland Revenue, the answer is "no, you have not moved any currency".  See 
@_date: 2014-04-23 06:49:49
No, I merely pointed out that *at the current rate of growth* it will become "too big to fail" (which is not world domination) in around 3 years. 
@_date: 2014-09-06 10:24:10
They are much better than most other countries, but there are limits. Rogue states apart, any country is going to respond to a legitimate judicial warrant regarding actions that are serious crimes just about everywhere.
@_date: 2014-12-15 21:43:04
Again, you are confusing proof of guilt with actual guilt.
@_date: 2014-02-22 15:21:46
Not really; if someone wants to store money they want to store money, not speculate. Yes, anyone holding BTC has done nicely out of it, but  businesses need to store money in between being paid by customers and paying suppliers. What they really need is a guarantee that their store of value will buy the same amount it did last week or last month. If it buys more then that is a nice bonus, sure. But if it buys significantly less then you can go out of business, and the fact that the price will probably bounce back next week or next month isn't going to pay the bills. The maxim here (quite rightly) is that what goes up also comes down. So Bitcoin is too volatile and they will store their value in some form less volatile.
Different people and companies have different tolerances for volatility. A start-up lives with volatility anyway, so holding Bitcoin looks like a reasonable bet. On the other hand a bit Internet retailer lives on razor thin margins and just can't afford to see their cash holdings drop in value suddenly by more than a couple of percent.
@_date: 2014-02-02 12:12:38
More likely he is just waiting for the point where he can buy a country and declare it a libertarian paradise.
@_date: 2014-07-18 07:12:00
The law isn't something you need to agree to in order for it to apply to you.
@_date: 2014-01-26 15:20:46
That is known as arbitrage (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arbitrage). In theory you can make a profit by moving money around in a circle (in this case buy BTC with TL, buy $ with BTC, buy TL with $). However doing so tends to bring the prices back into alignment, so these kinds of differentials only persist when there is some obstacle preventing you from closing the loop, such as 
* Exchange controls: government prohibits one of the steps.
* Money laundering rules: your bank sees lots of money coming in from one country and going out to another. Looks very suspicious, so they close your account.
* Bank charges: take the profit you thought you were going to make.
* Bank delays: the loop there has two international bank transfers in it. This will take over a week, during which the market may well move against you.
@_date: 2014-10-14 21:52:55
Can they just receive BTC? The obvious way forwards is for shops that your relatives use to start accepting BTC themselves. So if you can send them actual BTC and they have a smartphone to hold the BTC, they can start asking local shops to accept them. That way you cut out the local banks.
@_date: 2014-01-26 15:07:39
Different wallet software does this differently. I'll talk about Armory, which is the one I have just switched to.
In Armory a wallet is seeded from a large random number; everything done with the wallet in terms of generating fresh addresses is based on that seed. So if you have the seed then you can re-create the wallet. The paper backup contains a string of letters that encode the seed (plus checksums to guard against typos etc). So as long as you have that string of letters you can regenerate the wallet on any computer running Armory.
If you want to go for extra paranoia you can print out an "M of N" backup, which means that you have, say, 5 pieces of paper from which Armory can use any 3 to regenerate the wallet (the numbers here are up to you). So you can put those pieces of paper in widely separated safe places, and even if two are discovered or destroyed you can still use the other three.
So even if the mob storms your house and carries off your computers, as long as you have the paper backups you can still get at your bitcoins once you are back on line. (Just don't forget to use strong passwords as well).
You may have heard about the problem of backups with Bitcoin-QT, which does not use a deterministic scheme. Instead Bitcoin-QT keeps a pool of 100 addresses and corresponding private keys in the wallet structure. If you take a backup of the wallet file you get all 100 addresses, and Bitcoin-QT can pick up the history from the blockchain if it sees a "future" key has been used when you restore from backup.  But if your backup was taken more than 100 transactions ago then it becomes useless. It also has to be electronic, which also raises messy problems with integrity and security.  I very much prefer the Armory approach, which lets you put a piece of paper somewhere safe and forget about it.
@_date: 2014-05-18 13:19:34
The following is a footnote from "Good Omens" by Terry Pratchett and Neil Gaiman (although I'm betting it was Pterry who wrote this bit). I should also add that this was real: schoolchildren had to learn how to add and multiply with pounds, shillings and pence. Fortunately for me decimalisation came along in time to save me from that.
Note for young people and Americans: 1 shilling = 5p. It helps to understand the antique finances of the Witchfinder Army if you know the original British monetary system:
2 farthings = 1 ha'penny. 2 ha'pennies = 1 penny. 3 pennies = a thruppeny bit. 2 thrupences = a sixpence. 2 sixpences = 1 shilling, or bob. 2 bob = a florin. 1 florin and 1 sixpence = half a crown. 4 half crowns = 10 bob note. 2 ten bob notes = 1 pound (or 240 pennies). 1 pound and 1 shilling = 1 guinea.
The British resisted decimalised currency for a long time because they thought it was too complicated.
@_date: 2014-06-09 20:16:56
And what happens when one of the members of the community doesn't want to pay? Who decides who is a member of which community? What happens to people who can't find a community willing to let them be a member? Who pays for the arrest when a criminal runs over the boundary between two communities? What happens if someone stands at their upstairs window with a sniper rifle and shoots someone in a neigbouring community, and the community they are a member of declines to take action against them?
@_date: 2014-03-08 17:26:06
Just remember that consumer-grade flash devices are not suitable for long-term archiving. Your family might get that stick in ten years time and discover that the data can no longer be read.
@_date: 2014-12-12 17:26:59
You probably need two different wallets. One on your phone for "spending money" in small amounts (say, up to a week's groceries). Its not completely secure, but if it gets hacked its not too much money. Think of it as like having your pocket picked: its always a risk, and you manage it by not storing your life savings in it and not going to dodgy app stores.
Then you need something more secure back at home. Either a Trezor or similar device, or an old laptop that is never connected to the net running an off-line wallet like Armory. This gives you solid security for large amounts of money.
DO NOT STORE BITCOINS ON A GENERAL PURPOSE PC
@_date: 2014-03-03 15:11:22
I already have free credit monitoring thanks to another unrelated data breach. But hey, this pushes it out another six months or so.
The rate things are going, everyone can have free credit monitoring for life just by signing up for deals like this.
Of course, the credit monitoring companies are going to have these great databases of credit card numbers, SSNs, driving licence numbers etc. What happens when one of them gets hacked?
Update: unfortunately as I now live outside the US I don't qualify for this.
@_date: 2014-03-07 18:00:41
That only works if there is one thief (or a small band who can enforce an agreement). However if many theives have these details then a thief who waits too long will lose out because people will double down on their security, renew passports etc. after the first incident. Hence it becomes a race, or, from another perspective, a tragedy of the commons.
@_date: 2014-04-23 18:18:50
I can sympathise with some of your fears, but I can't see a registration requirement being practical. By the time we reach this stage Bitcoin will be used by a lot of people who have no formal paperwork and can't register anything with anybody. Effectively freezing the money of millions of poor people who are struggling to survive is simply not going to happen. And nobody in international affairs trusts "gentlemens' agreements". 
Without registration and unilateral control none of the rest can happen.
@_date: 2014-09-14 15:17:35
Thanks for the report.
Its a bit odd that they unplugged everything; if the warrant didn't say anything about computers then they shouldn't have touched them. Search and seizure of computers is done carefully to avoid destroying evidence. As someone else said, you should bill them for the downtime.
Asking if you were under arrest was definitely the Right Thing. Getting in the car is legally irrelevant, but psychologically it probably made it harder to terminate the conversation. Part of police training is how to dominate a conversation in order to make it go the way you want. By police standards this was friendly because he actually gave you some information.
The police never say "sorry" because that would imply either saying it to criminals as well as innocent people (imagine being the policeman who has to apologise to the local gang boss because a terrified witness has withdrawn their testimony) or else having some process for deciding which suspects deserve an apology. Having different grades of innocent is a Bad Thing, so their position is that they have nothing to apologise for; they are just doing their job.
The guy with the G4S shirt probably was a genuine meter reader.
I'm not sure what other "investigative work" you would expect. From the POV of the police,  if they have enough evidence to get a search warrant then a search is the logical next step. Deciding whether that point has been reached is (rightly) the job of the magistrate, not the police.
@_date: 2014-01-11 17:58:44
The problem isn't bitcoind, its whatever front-end server is giving orders to bitcoind.
@_date: 2014-05-25 10:29:01
It depends on what people are doing. In this case it may be that people who have been day-trading on BitStamp have decided to move their money out, and the easiest way is to convert any fiat they have on BitStamp into BTC and withdraw those, rather than waiting days for the international banking system to maybe give them most of their fiat back by bank transfer. This would push the value of BTC on BitStamp upwards, and other exchanges would follow on the assumption that the rise is real.
@_date: 2014-02-25 19:09:35
Its just a flesh wound! Come back and trade!
@_date: 2014-08-02 07:38:50
Also on the same site:
@_date: 2014-02-13 22:37:24
Something I've been wondering: the Bitcoin script is malleable, but if I understand correctly the result of running the script is a list of transaction inputs and outputs. They uniquely define the transaction and are not malleable, so wouldn't it be better to hash on those?
@_date: 2014-10-18 18:30:24
Depends on what problem you are trying to solve.
If you want total anonymity then its true that this is going to be difficult, verging on impossible, in Bitcoin. Your best bet is probably to run your BTC through a few mixers in succession and hope.
But if you merely want to keep your salary secret from colleagues, or keep your advertising budget secret from your competitors, then a legal mixing service is not a problem. And that can be pretty much any company doing BTC business, such as an exchange, or in the future maybe a bank. Yes, records can be subpoena'd, and if you need to worry about that then this not the solution for you. But for the majority of people and companies this represents no change on the status quo.
@_date: 2014-02-16 13:46:45
Are you sure it was actually from Mt Gox and not some fishing expedition?
@_date: 2014-01-19 18:35:41
You can always do a post-hoc analysis along the following lines:
As Bitcoin value stabilises and starts to rise smoothly, people notice and decide to get in on this rising asset. This process feeds back on itself creating a speculative bubble, which then pops, creating instability and uncertainty. After a while this dies down, and the value stabilises and starts to rise smoothly....
Of course this has no predictive value, its a "just so story". But its an explanation.
@_date: 2014-02-02 11:11:06
Definitely talk to a lawyer. To convict someone the police have to show proof beyond reasonable doubt, whereas a civil lawsuit is balance of probabilities. Also some of the actions being considered here may be illegal in themselves, so you don't want to sleepwalk into trouble.
@_date: 2014-12-19 23:28:22
I'm a little surprised that anyone on this reddit hasn't heard all about this by now. Its called Civil Forfeiture, and it really does mean that pretty much any policeman can take anything they think might be the proceeds of a crime, and you have to hire a lawyer and sue them to get it back.
See 
Its been part of the law for centuries, but what has really kicked it off is that the police department responsible for the seizure gets to divy up the proceeds with the federal government, and the money is then used to buy police equipment. So the cop seizing your money knows that this cash is going to help buy him that nice new patrol car he wants.
There is no particular set of rules about what can be seized: in theory he could take the car you are driving if there is some reason to be suspicious about how you got it. There are also suggestions that the police are abusing rules about reasonable search, for instance bringing in sniffer dogs and seeing an "indication" by the dog that you have drugs.
For the detailed arguments against, and a list of horror stories, see 
@_date: 2014-06-04 18:18:24
Because there is not a lot we can do: mining has economies of scale, so it naturally tends towards fewer bigger players as the smaller fry find it becoming uneconomic.
@_date: 2014-02-04 07:32:05
In a court it is the human testimony that matters; evidence just backs up that testimony. So if this had gone to court then the customer and the restraunteur would both testify about what happened, and as long as they agree about the facts then its just up to the judge to decide what the law says about this situation.
@_date: 2014-01-26 11:11:52
Its not about fraud in the sense of one individual scamming another, its about money laundering and tax evasion.
@_date: 2018-05-26 08:59:13
Unfortunately its not. The Apple trademark applies to computers. Also you can't trademark the name of a thing applied to that thing. So you can trademark "Apple" for computers, but not for apples.
@_date: 2014-02-21 17:13:06
The trouble with a steady predictable increase in price is that anything behaving that way is a very good investment, which is why any such steady increase is a prelude to a speculative bubble.
@_date: 2014-02-05 19:06:45
DHL offer slow delivery for a lower price as a method of price discrimination (see  Basically, if people found that they could often get fast delivery at the low price, they would often stop paying the higher price for fast delivery. Meanwhile DHL isn't actually moving those packages any slower because that would cost more in duplicated infrastructure than it would save. So no, they won't give you your package early if you haven't paid for the faster delivery. All the stuff about "already on the van" was just a way of avoiding saying this.
@_date: 2014-02-15 08:37:46
Does anyone know how much warning Mark Williams got?
@_date: 2014-03-26 20:44:06
Keep one wallet for long term holdings and another for short term transit, which you refill regularly. As long as the amount in the transit wallet is small and price movements are small then the IRS is unlikely to be too bothered over chasing a few cents, and you don't worry about it either. If there is a sudden shift in value and your $50 becomes $500 then you will have to account for it, but that's not something that happens every day.
@_date: 2014-12-22 10:52:23
It puts me in mind of the point around '94 or '95 when mainstream news stopped saying appending the explanation "the global network of computer networks" to the term "The Internet".
@_date: 2014-02-12 09:09:22
In itself of course Armory can't do that. But AFAIK Xubuntu doesn't have any kind of autoexec of USB content on mount, so its hard to see how such a thing would be possible. Of course if you just use WinXP and don't turn off the autoexec then you are leaving a security hole open. So don't do that.
@_date: 2014-08-31 07:13:21
I've got a reasonable handle on mainstream macroeconomics, and I like Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-07-11 15:04:09
And of course the people who actually pay the fine are the banks shareholders, not the managers who made the decisions.
@_date: 2014-03-04 09:30:18
OK, I'll try one more time. I'm not going to bother responding to anything else you write on the subject.
 It doesn't matter how long your floating point representation is, it can only store an approximation to 0.1, because when you convert decimal 0.1 into binary you get the infinite recurring fraction 0.0001100110011001100110011001100... . There are of course a lot of other examples, but lets stick with that one. Its rather like trying to do arithmetic with thirds in decimal: if you round it to some finite number of decimal places then 3 times one third comes to 0.99999999999 instead of exactly 1.0. So you are going to get rounding errors. Saying "round the value to your chosen resolution" simply assumes that there is an upper limit on your accumulated errors. But that assumes that both your exponent and the number of operations remains small. 
If you try to do arithmetic on 10 million BTC (say, trying to audit the blockchain) then you are running very close to the limit of your resolution. For instance, in DP FP if x = 1e7+1e-8 then x+0.1+0.1+0.1+0.1+0.1+0.1+0.1+0.1+0.1+0.1+0.1+0.1+0.1+0.1+0.1+0.1+0.1+0.1+0.1+0.1 (that is, add 0.1 twenty times) comes out at 1.0000002000000002e7, which means that when rounded you have lost that odd satoshi. 
Conversely, if you add 0.1 a million times in double precision you get 999999.9998389403. Thats a lot of Satoshis.
This matters because you now cannot tell the difference between correct accounts, some kind of salami fraud, and some other bug in your software. This is why the auditors will not sign off your accounts when they see a discrepancy, even if that discrepancy is tiny.
Of course you could try rounding to the nearest satoshi after every single arithmetic operation, but that is still not guaranteed to give you the right answer (although I'm not going to search for a counter-example), and if you are going to that much trouble your program would be simpler and faster just using integer satoshis.
Note: I did the calculations above in Haskell using GHC. Different languages do different things with rounding when they print floating point, so you might or might not see exactly the same thing if you do this in some other language.
For more information see  which is definitely not "a little knowledge" on the subject.
@_date: 2014-02-12 11:55:36
A lot of the safety and security in fiat banking transactions depends on their reversibility.
@_date: 2014-12-07 07:51:11
Someone should write a song about that.
@_date: 2014-07-31 16:20:16
Are you saying that the US economy is complex?
@_date: 2014-03-24 19:26:56
Intelligent regulation would be a Good Thing. What I fear is regulation aimed at supporting incumbents or based on misunderstandings of what the technology does. At present things are looking broadly positive. What is really needed is a one-stop shop for nationwide licensing to act as a bitcoin exchange.
Kraken has a cryptographically secure proof of solvency. In addition to being nice for Kraken customers to know, you might want to take time to understand the underlying technology of merkel trees. They can be used to verify other pieces of information that previously required a trusted auditor. Applications of this kind of technology are increasingly going to be heading your way.
I don't know exactly what you mean by "professional", but I assume you mean legal, accountancy and banking professions. I think the main points are that Bitcoin is here to stay, that usage is growing rapidly, and that most users and businesses want to be on the right side of the law and understand the need for intelligent regulation.
@_date: 2014-11-13 18:20:52
What does he mean by "tokenisation"?
@_date: 2014-06-30 19:19:39
I keep seeing news items here and elsewhere that jump from "Company X has got a patent involving technology Y" to the conclusion "Company X is going to create products using technology Y". It ain't necessarily so.
Getting a patent is comparitively cheap, so companies will often seek to create a patent thicket around an emerging technology to cover themselves in case it becomes big; if Bitcoin does become a major player in retail payments then MasterCard can start demanding money from any entrants, and if it doesn't then MasterCard are out the cost of the patent. That says nothing at all about what their actual plans are.
And of course the patent is probably worthless thanks to the recent Alice case in the Supreme Court. But thats another story.
@_date: 2014-08-30 20:22:25
Basically any textbook giving an introduction to macroeconomics. Here is a free one: 
@_date: 2014-01-25 20:51:21
OK, thanks for that explanation.  It makes sense. But what is the "queue position" that blockchain.info talks about in the transaction info page? Is there some standard priority order? Or is it just a common priority order? Is there a way of estimating the fee required for a given confirmation time?  Back when fees didn't matter this wasn't important, but now that the recommended fee is around £0.50 this matters, especially if we are expecting people to use BTC for microtransactions.
@_date: 2014-11-09 11:38:23
It depends if they can get something from you that costs you money in the time between sending you the BTC and you concluding that you aren't going to get a confirmation. If, for instance, you are just showing them movies then you can cut off the service with no loss to yourself (and then blacklist their IP and wallet addresses). On the other hand if they can exploit that time to cost you actual money then zero confirmations would be a serious hazard to your business.
In theory you should be able to use the list of pending transactions to do your own checks. If you see someone send you BTC from a wallet that also has a pending transaction, or vice versa, then you should suspect an attempt at double-spending. I imagine that this is the "magic" that is referred to elsewhere.
@_date: 2014-09-14 15:35:59
Which is even vaguer. 
@_date: 2014-01-25 10:09:34
Actually its on everyone present to call out unacceptable behaviour.
@_date: 2014-04-22 20:05:42
Most petrol stations have cameras to stop people making off without paying. It works fine.
@_date: 2014-05-22 04:05:23
Goldbugs spend their lives predicting the collapse of the dollar any day now. Compared to that, believing that Bitcoins are a bubble is nothing.
@_date: 2014-02-03 23:36:18
It may depend on your jurisdiction, but in most places a contract to exchange X for Y is a valid contract for any value of X and Y (apart from illegal stuff of course). A contract for Bitcoin is therefore a contract.
@_date: 2014-04-22 18:52:11
Basically because currencies are subject to network effects ( If a currency grows in use then it becomes a more useful currency, and so grows even more. Conversely if its usage shrinks then it becomes less useful and so will be used even less. Any situation with two currencies co-existing is therefore unstable: one will grow at the expense of the other.
At the moment Bitcoin is growing, which leads to the supposition that its rise is, at least, going to be very difficult for anyone to stop, and getting harder by the day. This theory predicts that eventually Bitcoin will take the throne of world currency away from the dollar.
Of course it might be that Bitcoin will only ever be a better method of doing business under certain limited circumstances, such as buying stuff over the Net. However that situation also tends to be unstable because people will tend to find ways of making money by expanding whatever niche it sits in.
@_date: 2014-02-24 17:52:17
Behind the usual TSA stupidity there is an interesting legal issue here. If you own BTC and travel internationally, are you carrying them?
@_date: 2014-03-12 16:33:02
If I want to trade with someone in India by sending or receiving 1,000 Euros, I have a problem. It will take at least three days, possibly over a week for the money to arrive. It will cost at least 30 Euros to move the money, possibly more, and I can't actually find out how much it will cost before I start, because it may get routed through different banks who will do different currency exchanges along the way.
Or I can send 1,000 Euros worth of Bitcoin in ten minutes at a cost of a few cents.
Show the CoinMap; apart from a cluster inside the Peripherique France is a Bitcoin desert compared to UK, Germany and Spain.
@_date: 2014-03-05 14:01:29
Everything you say is correct. The problem is that there have been a number of stories about banks closing accounts because anything involving Bitcoin looks suspicious. Hence when someone from the bank phones up to ask you about the transactions it is perfectly reasonable to fear that the wrong answer could get your account closed. Since nobody is allowed to tell you what constitutes a "wrong" answer, the general feeling is akin to finding yourself in a minefield.
@_date: 2014-09-09 18:42:42
Is it possible for an anonymous person to make a legal complaint (i.e. give police a formal reason to investigate) of blackmail?
@_date: 2014-12-07 10:20:37
Its kind of ironic that after Silk Road 2 got hacked in February, Defcon promised to eat the loss and refund depositors. IIRC he was well on the way to doing that when he got busted last month.
@_date: 2014-08-02 07:40:00
I recall similar stories about people in China buying cars with suitcases of banknotes.
@_date: 2014-03-29 09:41:16
No, I think that HMRC are now bound by this. Hence the reference number and disclaimer.
@_date: 2014-02-19 08:28:11
A good question right up to the sentence starting "Hidden costs...". How about: "Can you demonstrate that the benefits exceed the hidden costs?"
@_date: 2014-07-17 19:24:35
Won't work. If an NY person uses your service, this law will apply to you.
However don't go thinking that this is just NY being unreasonable. Almost all the other states have some kind of state AML/KYC financial service regulation that you have to comply with if you do business with anyone from that state. NY is at least creating a regime specifically for electronic currencies. In the other states the regulations are just as onerous, and in addition you have to guess how the old regulations apply to electronic currencies.
@_date: 2014-07-13 08:55:28
Declaring bankruptcy while hiding an asset is generally a crime.
@_date: 2014-02-09 14:36:46
If the suspension of BTC payments were simply a one-off then I would agree; this is just a technical hitch. But unfortunately it is part of a pattern in which first dollar payments have been delayed, then almost stopped because of "technical difficulties" that never quite seem to be resolved. Then the same thing happens with other fiat currencies. Then BTC payments are slowed, and now stopped, again because of "technical difficulties".
The pattern is consistent with an organisation that is running out of money and trying to hide the fact. It is the pattern, rather than any individual event, that is worrying.
@_date: 2014-07-31 06:51:55
Basically, yes that is what happened.
@_date: 2014-07-18 07:11:57
@_date: 2014-07-02 15:11:23
TL;DR: the fraud works by using malware on the payers computer to replace the payment destination with the fraudsters account. Boleto payments are irreversable. It looks like the crooks are collectively syphoning off billions.
The vulnerability of Bitcoin to a similar scam is an interesting question. Hacked wallet software could trivially be used. An offline wallet or Trezor is theoretically immune, but only if the payer has access to an honest wallet address and takes the time to check it against the payment being signed.
@_date: 2014-07-03 21:26:46
And how do you protect your PGP key?
I don't know about other wallets, but Armory allows you to back up your key on multiple pieces of paper such that you need (e.g.) 3 out of 5 pieces to recover the key. Distribute the pieces with people and places you trust, so put one in your bank (many banks will store a sealed envelope for a fee), another with your family, another in a fire safe, maybe some hidden on public land, and so on. If any piece is compromised then move your coins to a new key.
@_date: 2014-03-03 19:25:40
Very good except for the last sentence. 1 nanoBitcoin would be 0.1 Satoshi.
Of course if a Bitcoin is ever worth $10M then we can add another decimal place to the protocol.
@_date: 2014-07-31 06:51:35
I believe that Argentina is proposing to pay the holdouts the same as the rest, its just that the holdouts won't take it and are insisting on getting 100%.
@_date: 2014-10-14 06:58:25
While this is all cool and awesome, a couple of points to take into account if you are thinking of running this at home.
1: Its probably in contravention of the T&amp;Cs of your ISP, and they are apt to cut you off. How much this bothers you is a function of how much competition there is in your area and how long it will take to get hooked up with another ISP.
2: If someone does something illegal using this, its going to be you who gets the search warrant (and probably a SWAT team if you are in the US).
Of course you can probably go to your ISP and pay their business rate, but unless you expect more than random passing trade in your location thats likely to cost more than you make.
@_date: 2014-05-16 15:26:58
Well I certainly don't hate you. Most of what you write is common sense, particularly Myth 
One thing you miss out is the potential for growth in countries with less stable money. You are right about the instability problem in the first world, but there are other parts of the world where Bitcoin looks like a much better bet than the local fiat. So we might see growth driven by one or more of those countries (Argentina springs to mind). Also countries with large diasporas sending money back home who want an alternative to paying 10% to Western Union. There is a bootstrap problem here: you need easy conversion at both ends. Bitcoin ATMs are likely to solve this problem at the sending end, and once that happens a combination of formal and informal entrepreneurs are likely to find ways to solve it at the receiving end. The receiving countries tend to be the ones with weaker local currencies, so some recipients will prefer to hold their bitcoins for a while rather than convert to local cash, and local traders are likely to think the same way and start doing business in bitcoins rather than making customers convert to local fiat first. 
So the first true bitcoin economies are likely to kick off in places where there are big foreign remittances, people can afford basic smartphones and mobile Internet service, and the currency is weak. Does anyone know of a place like that?
@_date: 2014-03-04 15:23:16
Also in a pub you pay for the drink and then hang around to drink it, giving the publican time to ask for other payment if your transaction fails to confirm.
I suspect that there will also be services in the future that monitor transactions in real time and flag up transactions that look like attempted double spends.
@_date: 2014-03-10 10:11:03
I remember when I came back from America to the UK, some years ago. Once we had finished selling the house in the USA I phoned my US bank to ask to close the account and transfer the balance to the UK.
Bank: No problem sir. Just come in to any branch
Me: Where is my nearest branch?
Bank: What state are you in?
Me: The United Kingdom. On the other side of the Atlantic.
Bank: Well I suppose that would be New York then. We don't have any branches in Europe.
@_date: 2014-07-26 14:52:54
Different bits of the law have different definitions of money. If you try telling a judge otherwise you simply look stupid.
@_date: 2015-05-18 07:33:57
Different laws have different definitions of "money". You need to read each law. Or better yet, consult an actual lawyer.
@_date: 2014-06-09 20:30:13
As others have pointed out, TOR is a decentralised VPN, but it is limited because it relies on volunteers willing to provide bandwidth, often in violation of the T&amp;Cs of their ISP (mine specifically forbids "open relays", and a TOR node would fall under their definition of the term).
I've seen proposals for decentralised payment or reward systems so that bandwidth is effectivley traded. The problem here is economies of scale: if the bandwidth tokens are at all tradeable then you can make a business of being a bandwidth seller, and the positive economies of scale say that such a business will inevitably centralise down to a small number  of suppliers (probably one).
In the meantime a much simpler decentralised system is possible: simply have accounts with a few VPNs and use them in series. The mechanism is similar to TOR, but with the user deciding on the hops and exit node. It would take some care to remain truly anonymous in the face of several compromised providers (obviously if they are 100% compromised nothing can save you), and putting your bitcoins through a separate tumbling process for each provider would be a key part of it (otherwise an attacker could trivially link accounts through the Bitcoin payment).
@_date: 2014-01-26 11:59:28
Yes, if they do enough business to take them over the relevant thresholds. I think the federal limit is $1,000 per day. There are going to be state ones as well.
@_date: 2014-10-14 07:00:21
You don't have to trust them as long as you use a VPN.
@_date: 2014-03-12 17:30:54
Just for clarity, I don't personally need to do this but I gather this is the actual situation for those who do.
@_date: 2014-05-28 19:19:11
It will probably wind up being about as valuable as internet.com.
@_date: 2014-06-04 18:19:10
Also Goldmine Sacks.
@_date: 2014-03-28 22:53:04
Because until recently HMRC was saying that you had to pay 20% tax on any Bitcoin purchase.
@_date: 2014-07-31 07:09:14
Trouble with USD in Argentina is that you can only hold and trade with physical cash; you can't have a dollar bank account (except a few rich people with overseas accounts, but they can't spend that at home). Bitcoins don't have that limitation.
Buenos Aires is already a hotspot for BTC businesses. I predict this is going to give them a big boost.
@_date: 2014-02-18 08:02:32
Its possible that you were hit by the recent DOS attack using mutable transactions. The network was flooded with lots of duplicate transactions and the real ones were getting delayed.
Obviously this is not good enough and needs to be fixed, but its not an insuperable problem.
@_date: 2014-06-21 18:03:36
Bear in mind that Lowes may have a policy of no-quibble refunds in part because they find that chargebacks are even more expensive.
@_date: 2017-02-08 17:51:01
Sorry, but what have "AML regulations" got to do with being phished?
@_date: 2014-12-20 13:50:08
The TL;DR is in the headline. I just checked CoinMap, and it shows 14 locations in Ubud (not "dozens", but maybe the average bar owner in Bali hasn't heard of CoinMap, so there may be more that are unlisted), and another 10 in the rest of Bali. Its clearly a hotspot for some reason, as the nearest place with more locations in CoinMap is Singapore.
Anyone in Bali want to comment?
@_date: 2017-02-13 17:47:00
I think you need to hide the miners too, like bury them somewhere not on your property. If the goons find them, they'll likely consider them evidence of electricity theft.
@_date: 2014-12-08 19:09:38
At the US end it depends on how your friend gets his dollars. There are payroll services (e.g. BitPay) that can turn a proportion of his wages into BTC automatically. If his wages are less formal then maybe there is a Bitcoin dispenser, or he can have a regular arrangement with someone found on LocalBitcoins and get a discount. The latter is the most inconvenient and expensive option, and hence a last resort.
While I can appreciate that the Phillipino end needs pesos, they might want to talk to some local shopkeepers about taking and/or exchanging Bitcoins. Failing that, its LocalBitcoins again. But I have a nasty feeling that LocalBitcoins at both ends is going to be a worse deal than WU.
@_date: 2014-05-16 15:35:39
Anybody who is planning to spend some money in six months time.
@_date: 2014-09-14 15:31:45
They found a bit of weed. Whether they actually found it or just "found" it is irrelevant; it means that the guy is legally guilty of something, so the search was a success.
Confiscating everything and then making the suspect sue to get it back is SOP for US law enforcement because the local police dept gets a cut of everything confiscated.
@_date: 2014-03-03 19:41:20
Its the kind of thing that would be flagged well in advance. Its true that some people store the number of Satoshi and would need to modify their code appropriately. If they are sensible coders then this would be a change to a global constant in a header file followed by a recompile.
Anyone who uses floating point to store monetary amounts of any kind deserves the hell they will find themselves in. See  for the gruesome details, but floating point can't even represent 0.1 BTC correctly, never mind (1+1e-9) BTC.
@_date: 2014-04-04 19:36:02
Tell them you are going to publish their response. Otherwise it's copyright.
@_date: 2015-05-22 20:52:38
Make sure you can remember the password in five years time. Also when you come to plug that encrypted wallet into a PC to access the coins, make sure its on a clean machine.
@_date: 2014-02-23 10:57:27
"there are no searchable databases of palm vein patterns"
Of course none of that detracts from your main point about operators not wanting to go to prison. I just wonder how long it will be before someone figures out how to fool a palm vein scanner, if they haven't already.
A good (though old) discussion of the pros and cons is here: 
@_date: 2017-02-13 17:35:07
AIUI its more like an AUP for electricity which is enforced by the police. You can use as much electricity as you want for normal household stuff like heating, light and cooking, but if you do something outside the range of "normal" then you are guilty of theft.
Of course this would be regarded as unconstitutionally vague in the US.
@_date: 2014-05-11 13:31:10
I would recommend starting with a respectful letter to the principal explaining that you disagree with your suspension and asking that it be removed from your record.
Include the recent coverage of Bitcoin in the media, and point out that it can be used for many other things than drugs, just like dollars. Make the analogy with the Internet 20 years ago. Then see what happens.
@_date: 2015-05-09 21:01:55
I feel really sorry for the OP, but it just shows that we need to get the word out: never store significant funds on your everyday PC, phone or tablet. They are simply not that secure.
@_date: 2014-11-29 11:43:45
Now we've got a long list of complicated things that can go wrong, where is the list of things to do that will keep you safe.
The problem with being your own bank is that you have to be your own bank security as well, and its unrealistic to expect most people to do this.
I envisage something like "Use a trezor or similar device for large amounts, don't keep more than a week's spending money on your mobile phone, and never use a wallet on a PC".
@_date: 2014-03-03 14:40:31
The law firm is "Selachii LLP". In zoology the selachii are the sharks and rays. Is this truth in advertising for the lawyers?
@_date: 2014-09-14 14:31:06
So he got you to solve 1000 CAPTCHAs for nothing.
Thing is, solving CAPTCHAs is valuable. His script was probably creating dummy accounts or posting spam to blogs, or some other action that requires you to solve a CAPTCHA. Rather than solve it himself he tricked you into doing the work for him.
Always be suspicious of anything that requires you to solve a CAPTCHA without good reason.
@_date: 2016-03-19 11:37:35
Classic economic theory says that the three fundamental inputs are land, labour and capital goods (that is, machines used in the production process). I'd omit the capital goods, because guess where they came from.
Raw materials come from land, dug out by labour. A factory is built on land by labour using products produced from raw materials that came from land, by labour in factories that were built....  and so on back to some people in the stone age who figured out how to make flint tools and leather thongs.
@_date: 2015-01-18 11:28:34
In 1940 Alan Turing (yes, *that* Alan Turing) decided to hedge against Nazi invasion. He converted his savings into two silver bars which he buried somewhere near Shenley. However after the war he couldn't find them again.
Burying your treasure (whether keys or anything else) does not solve your problems. Do you try to memorise the location? Or do you write it down? If so, where do you keep your written notes? How do you guard against the location becoming inaccessible because someone built a house on it or something? How do you make sure it isn't somewhere that someone is going to dig up?
@_date: 2015-01-15 07:38:03
I have this theory that money is like Vitamin A: everyone needs some, but large doses are toxic. Your story sounds like a good example.
@_date: 2014-03-09 10:36:02
Its true that Flash wears out with multiple writes, but a flash cell is essentially a capacitor holding a bunch of electrons.One has to assume that physical imperfections and quantum effects mean that these electrons can leak out. Worse yet, consumer thumb drives are multi-level cells, so the read process has to distinguish between 4 or 8 levels of charge (2 or 3 bits per cell), meaning that a smaller leakage can result in an error.
Wikipedia says:


This seems to be confirmed by a few other posts I've found around the net.
So, I wouldn't trust it to last a decade in a safe deposit box. It might work, and it might not. Part of the problem is that even if someone were to pop up today with a collection of results from flash drives that had spent the last 10 years on a shelf, that wouldn't tell you anything about the longevity of a flash drive you buy today.
@_date: 2015-01-24 18:49:02
As I understand it there is no particular limit, it just needs the policeman to suspect it is proceeds of a crime. Other assets can be seized, but that is somewhat less common.
@_date: 2014-09-15 21:27:55
On contacting the property owner: who is to say they are not. The objective of the police is to collar criminals.
The thing that gave the police the right to break down your door was a search warrant. The problem is not the police, its the process that gave them the warrant. Your anger is directed at the monkeys, not the organ grinder.
@_date: 2015-01-24 18:51:24
When you talk to the cops, ALWAYS have a lawyer at your side. (Unless you really really sure that they just need your testimony to catch the bad guys. And even then, maybe still play safe)
Bear in mind that in the USA the cops are legally entitled to lie to you about anything at any time, and if you rely on what they say its your responsibility, but if you go against them when they happen to be telling the truth, its your responsibility.
A lawyer will know when they are lying.
@_date: 2016-03-19 11:38:30
Hence the "land" input in economics.
@_date: 2017-02-18 12:20:55
As others have said, sorry for your loss.
Those "random words" are probably the seeds for the wallets. Bitcoin wallets these days generate new addresses (public and private keys) from a single "seed" value in a repeatable way (the jargon is "deterministic"). So once you have the seeds you can generate all the key values ever used. Seeds are actually long numbers, but they can be written down by encoding them as lists of words. Multibit calls these "Wallet words".
As others have said, be very careful about the computer you do this on: malware exists that will steal your bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-05-22 18:16:40
As long as you can afford to lose it, its a good decision.
Don't keep them on your everyday PC or cell phone: buy a hardware wallet (e.g. Trezor) or make your own out of an old laptop that never goes on-line using Armory.
@_date: 2016-01-12 20:11:37
I wouldn't call a 25% drop a "collapse", but I agree the sharks are circling.
@_date: 2017-02-12 18:33:02
I hope you are using a PC or other device that is not used for other Internet use. Preferably it should be a dedicated device that is never used for anything else.
@_date: 2014-04-21 19:39:02
Google for "Iran sanction busting" to see how it is currently being done. Then think about how Bitcoin could be used.
I recall one story (can't find it now) where an Iranian oil man talked about carrying $1M in a briefcase from the UAE.
@_date: 2014-07-31 06:53:31
Assets were not seized in Cyprus; the banks lost all the money lending it to companies and countries who couldn't repay it, and the EU declined to print more money to bail the banks out. This is what hard currency looks like.
@_date: 2016-01-26 14:57:06
If I were Satoshi I would have done some mining with a new address once Bitcoin had accumulated a few dozen other miners, so that I had some coins which look like they were mined by some miscellaneous "me-too" miner with a few hundred coins. Then just spend some of those.
@_date: 2016-01-19 09:26:28
The article now says "Indeed, some transactions face significant delays, hampering payments.". So its been updated. It would be nice if it followed common practice and acknowledged the clarification, but not doing so seems to be a BBC policy rather than just Cellan-Jones.
@_date: 2017-02-12 16:21:43
Its a long time ahead. Obviously there is the risk that they might be worth nothing in 28 years time. There is also the very real risk that they might be worth $1M each. The reason I say "risk" is that suddenly dumping that much money on someone can seriously screw up their life:
* Suddenly he is vastly richer than anyone else he knows (assuming you are not already in the multi-millionaire class). This disrupts his existing friendships without giving him time to make new ones. 
* He has more wealth than he could reasonably earn in a lifetime in any normal job. Someone of that age is likely to have built a significant part of his identity around a career that occupies him 9-5 Mon-Fri, but now there doesn't seem any pressing need to get out of bed on Monday morning. So that part of his life disappears too (unless he has found a job he truly loves and would do for free, but most people don't manage that).
Of course, over time he will be able to make new friends and hopefully find some goals in life beyond immediate pleasure. He could start a business, or become an investor, or work for a charity, or anything. The trouble is that its going to take a few years, and not everybody manages it. In the worst case he spends the whole lot on parties on his private yacht and winds up dead of a heroin overdose at age 40.
I recommend that you manage the funds yourself with a view to handing them on to him or spending them for his benefit (e.g. on college) gradually over his life, based on discussions with him about his life goals and wishes. If BTC go the way we expect over the next 10 years then you will be able to give him experiences during adolescence that will stand him in good stead throughout his life and provide him with start-up capital for anything he might want to consider as an adult.
@_date: 2016-03-15 19:28:55
Its not illegal to own electronic devices. Its illegal to lie to a federal agent. 
@_date: 2014-12-19 19:49:43
If you are in America then having $25k in cash is considered sufficiently suspicious to have it confiscated. Never mind badgered, you are going to to get beared, wolved and sharked.
@_date: 2016-01-03 10:17:26
You might find this flowchart helpful:
@_date: 2016-01-03 10:37:00
I've got some Bitcoins, but not because I think the big fiat currencies are going to collapse. Goldbugs have been predicting the imminent collapse of fiat money ever since it was first created, and I don't expect them to suddenly become right any time soon. But that doesn't mean that Bitcoins won't be used in more places by more people over time. Right now there are people with problems that could be solved by Bitcoin. Once they get on board the increased infrastructure and stability they bring will make Bitcoin more useful, and hence mean that there are a fresh crop of people with problems that can be solved by Bitcoin. And so on. I'm on board because I think this is going to make Bitcoin a major currency alongside the existing fiat currencies.
@_date: 2017-02-18 16:13:18
In UK the laws against weapons mean that criminals very rarely go armed. In this case neither of the perps were armed. If the police go to arrest them then the police will not be armed with anything stronger than pepper spray, truncheons or a taser. But if the police think you may be carrying a gun then they will come after you with guns, and either you will be arrested or you will be shot (and then arrested if you are still alive).
If this had happened in the US one of the perps would have been able to pull a gun, because guns are easy to get. If someone pulls a gun on you, it doesn't matter what you are carrying unless you want to try playing Han Solo. If it comes down to guns, the winner is the first one to aim straight.
@_date: 2014-03-03 22:06:38
I don't think thats going to happen. Outside of fiat currencies backed by nation states, there are network effects with money. (Come to think of it, there are network effects within money as well, which is why so much international trade is denominated in dollars):
1: If most people use FooCoins and a minority use BarCoins then the people using BarCoins have fewer people to trade with. Therefore fewer trades can be done with BarCoins, and BarCoins shrink while FooCoins grow.
2: Suppose everyone is happy to use both FooCoins and BarCoins. To do this they need to keep track of the exchange rate, mark prices for both, exchange cash between the two according to predicted income and outgoings in each, and hedge exchange rate risk. All of which is overhead. If everyone else is happy to use both FooCoins and BarCoins then you only need to pick one and you can save all that overhead. Say you pick FooCoins. Now the market in FooCoins is larger than the one in BarCoins.  See item 1.
@_date: 2016-01-20 17:03:12
One way is to split the secret in two (so both halves are required to access the BTC). Then give one half to the intended heir, and one half to a lawyer.
If you want the BTC divided into proportions then you can split the secret so that, say, 4 out of 5 key parts will enable access, and then give one fragment to each beneficiary. 
@_date: 2016-01-26 14:53:45
If you use a tumbler then the tumbler has the link from your old coins to your new coins. So Satoshi needs to find a tumbler he can trust with this information.
@_date: 2016-01-10 11:44:52
I think we need some more details. Most of what? Where are you, and where is the person you need to pay? Can you negotiate with the recipient?
@_date: 2017-02-10 21:56:43
I really hope it doesn't go up in a bubble because after hitting $25,000 it will slump back down to $5,000, repeating the performances it gave in 2011 and 2014. Yes that's higher than it is now, but it means that lots of people who jump into the middle of the bubble will be burned, and actual users will be put off by the extreme volatility. It took almost 2 years to recover from the last bubble and start rising again.
The optimum scenario is that it carries on doubling or tripling every year in a nice smooth exponential curve up to $1M or so before leveling off as a mature member of the global economic system. However that kind of growth is not stable because once people figure out its happening they all pile in (where else can you get 100% / year?) and you get a bubble.
@_date: 2016-01-03 10:50:07
Seriously, if you are going into this with the intention of making money, you need to spend some time with a spreadsheet first. Basically, scaling a widget-making business on hardware growth alone is not possible because of the lead time between spending money to buy/build your stock and the point where you get paid. Starting with a soldering iron in your garage, making and selling enough to justify hiring a assistant, making and selling enough with that one person to justify premises and more employees... it just takes too long. By the time you've done that someone in China has noticed you have a viable product, built a knock-off copy, and is selling them by the million. Hardware is hard. See  and  for some idea of what you are getting into.
Not that I'm saying you shouldn't do it, just that you need to think ahead and figure out a viable plan.
@_date: 2016-01-12 20:13:58
If you are in Nigeria and trying to sell something abroad, or have relatives sending you money, or are just running a 409 scam, then look to bring in Bitcoins instead of converting your cash flow to local fiat.
@_date: 2016-01-26 18:47:18
I think this overstates it. Bitcoin companies like cex and BitStamp are perfectly legal as long as they continue to jump through all the requisite legal AML hoops. While it is true that most banks in Western Europe won't have anything to do with Bitcoin companies, they do have the privilege of deciding who to do business with. There is nothing legally gray about that.
As for the risks, well its a matter of prudent risk management. The odds that an established exchange is going to collapse without warning during the few days you have your money there is pretty low. If you are planning to buy large amounts of BTC then divide it into smaller transactions and get each one through before you start the next, in order to spread your risk.
@_date: 2016-01-03 10:29:29
Because there is no demand for it at the airport. Those currency exchangers have to pay very high rents for such a prime location, which is why you get such a lousy exchange rate (that and the fact that most of the customers are on expenses and hence don't care what rate they get). Anyone who knows what Bitcoin is and has a wallet will already have any BTC they want.
@_date: 2016-03-15 19:27:11
Simply telling the most minor fib to any federal agent that relates to their job is a crime that can net you up to 5 years.  
Federal agents know this. They will try to get you to tell a lie by asking a question they already know the answer to, while implying that a little fib is going to make life simpler or easier. If you lie, they've got you, even if you were innocent of everything else. Check out the case of Martha Stuart (linked to from the page above) to see how it works.
@_date: 2016-06-10 17:55:18
We understand your problem, but there probably isn't any easy solution. If we knew a way to multiply bitcoins we would already be doing it.
@_date: 2016-06-16 14:23:02
That is called "structuring", its illegal in its own right, and anything that looks even slightly like it will trigger an even more thorough investigation of the customer.
But of course you already knew that.
@_date: 2018-10-14 09:48:23
Which is why I said that this was only suitable for modest holdings, specifically ones where brute-forcing 84 bits will cost more than the coins are worth. Yes its less secure, but all security is a trade-off, and in any case the risk of brute-force is much lower than the risk that two of your trusted people decide to get together and steal the money.
@_date: 2018-10-11 14:19:39
The following is fine for modest holdings. If your BTC holdings are a major part of your net worth then you might want something more ornate.
1. Split your seed up into several parts, preferably with redundancy so that one missing component isn't a disaster. One method, if your seed is long enough, is to just write it out three times missing a different third each time. This should be fine with the Trezor 24-word keys.
2. Seal each part of the seed in an envelope, sign across the seal, and lodge it with a different trusted person.
3. Let your heirs know where to find the envelopes.
This also acts as a disaster-recovery system: if your house burns down taking your Trezor and written seed with it, you can retrieve the envelopes and recover the seed.
If you want to go more ornate you can use [Shamir's Secret Sharing]( to split the seed into N parts, any k of which can recover the key, but where having k-1 parts tells you nothing at all about the key (unlike my simple scheme above, where each part contains 2/3 of the raw key). However there is no standard for doing this, so after you die your heirs might have no clue as to how to recover the key.
(Parenthetical note: BIP-39 seed words are taken from a 2048-word dictionary, so each word is worth 11 bits. 8 missing words = 88 bits. BIP-39 includes a 4-bit checksum, so that leaves 84 bits, which is enough to make brute force an infeasibly expensive proposition for some time yet.)
@_date: 2017-01-01 17:46:01
Investment should be based on a portfolio. The contents of that portfolio should depend on your appetite for risk and that appetite for risk should depend on your situation.
You should also spread your investments in the hope that your gains and losses will average out to a good return. As part of this you should look for assets that are uncorrelated, or even negatively correlated (i.e. as one falls another rises).
Under your circumstances it sounds like you should have a fairly high appetite for risk. Accordingly having a substantial fraction of your portfolio in Bitcoin is a sensible move. However I think that anything over 50% is overdoing it. I suggest that you put the other 50% in stocks of some kind (not Bitcoin companies). These are also fairly risky, but less so than Bitcoin, and are negatively correlated with Bitcoin.
Beware emotions like the fear of missing out. Emotional investment decisions are essentially a form of gambling.
Disclaimer: I am not any kind of investment professional. This is my personal opinion, and is worth what you paid for it.
@_date: 2017-08-25 18:46:47
Leaving aside the whole thing about 21M bitcoins versus unlimited amounts of fiat, the rapid electronic transfer of BTC means you can use an off-chain account without needing to hold your entire wealth on it. With conventional money you either hold physical bank notes and schlep them around, or you just keep everything in the bank.
@_date: 2017-08-07 16:50:42
Same way its worked so far: people will perceive some combination of current and future utility, causing them to consider it a good investment, and leading them to buy it.
@_date: 2017-08-27 12:33:08
You have to type it into your online computer.  Yes, if your online computer has been hacked then they can get the passphrase. However this requires a separate attack from the physical attack that recovers the PIN.  OK, maybe not *quite* as secure as an off-line Armory box, but given the OP's level of experience its far more likely he can set up a hardware wallet than an entire Armory configuration (I speak as one who has done both), and the most effective security is the one you use.
@_date: 2017-01-29 10:24:33
No, its because the relevant EU regulation requires that the basic account have all the normal retail financial capabilities. Banks are not allowed to create a crippled version of their service for this.
@_date: 2017-01-28 19:06:24
I'm going to be very interested to see how the EU regulations that make everyone entitled to a basic bank account are going to intersect with the laws that make it illegal to provide someone with a bank account if you think they are doing something fishy.
@_date: 2017-01-29 09:27:01
Those exceptions are aimed at companies where money services are a small and incidental part of a much larger business, so for example a small luxury hotel might provide some local currency as part of room service from time to time without worrying about falling foul of the law.
@_date: 2017-08-26 15:42:08
In theory yes, but in practice it means keeping your wealth in banknotes or gold or something in a safe in your house, and periodically taking some of it to the bank to replenish your account.
Of course these days no bank would actually accept a customer who behaved like that due to AMA laws. So in practice you either hold your money in a bank or you don't use banks.
@_date: 2017-01-27 23:34:48
While this would work, the idea of the demo should be how easy it is to receive BTC. Having to type in a 12 word seed will not do this.
@_date: 2017-08-26 18:00:40
If your coins are a significant proportion of your liquid assets then you certainly should take steps.
1: Get a hardware wallet such as a Trezor.
2: Secure it. Write down the "seed" value it gives (usually a list of words) and store that in a safe place.
3: Transfer your coins to the hardware wallet. Start with a small amount and practice transferring them back to the exchange first. Then move the lot.
Exchanges have been hacked or otherwise gone bust in the past, and if that happens your only recourse is a bankruptcy court, which may give you a few cents on the dollar in 5 years time.
The seed words for a hardware wallet allow you to recover the coins if your device is lost or broken. But they also allow anyone else who gets them to steal your coins. Consider breaking the list up and keeping multiple fragments in multiple places, such as with trusted relatives.
Do not keep large amounts of coins on your home PC or usual phone; its like keeping physical cash in your back pocket.
2FA is usually a good idea, but beware the kind that involves sending a text to your cellphone. Cellphone companies will allow you to transfer your number to a new device with just a phone call, and fraudsters have used this to get the 2FA code. Better is something like Google Authenticator or an independent dongle. You should enable this *as well as* moving your coins to your own device, as one day you may want to sell your coins or buy more, and you will need a secure account.
Also be properly paranoid about emails and phone calls that claim to come from your exchange.
@_date: 2017-08-26 18:36:40
killerstorm doesn't mean doing mathematical operations with pen and paper, he means using a computer. The idea of cold wallet is that these are done on a device which is never connected to the outside world, such as an old laptop. Hardware wallets are generally connected to your computer via USB, so there it is theoretically possible that someone could hack your computer and then exploit some zero-day vulnerability in the hardware wallet when you plug it in.
On the other hand if you use Armory then you transfer transaction data with USB sticks, which can also be compromised (as in Stuxnet). 
Ultimately it depends on how paranoid you want to be. Anything you do is vulnerable to "rubber hose cryptography" (i.e. hitting you till you tell them the password), so you only need to consider threats below that level. A hardware wallet is a perfectly reasonable compromise.
Also, if you very rarely plug in your hardware wallet then the odds are good that any vulnerability will become widely known before you next plug it in.
@_date: 2017-08-04 19:39:22
Secure against what? Against random hackers trying to steal your coins, they are pretty solid. Against malware that compromises your PC, they are designed to be highly resistant. Against disassembly and hardware hacking of the device, [possibly not so much]( Against [rubber hose cryptography]( not at all. They also can't prevent you from sending your coins to an address given on a spoof email or web page (although fiat bank accounts [aren't immune]( to that either). You also need to think carefully about writing down the device seed and then keeping it secure; if someone can steal the seed they don't need the device.
(Actually the Trezor, and possibly other devices, do have a defense against rubber hose cryptography: you can have an arbitrary number of secret passwords with other wallets behind them, and the attacker has no way of knowing if you have revealed all of them. But then maybe they just keep on beating you to be sure)
@_date: 2018-10-14 09:42:23
I'm surprised that there are any people smart enough to buy BTC unaided and dumb enough to fall for this.
@_date: 2017-01-28 19:04:35
Nope, its illegal to act as an unregistered MSB. This isn't just about paying your income tax.
@_date: 2017-08-31 11:45:51
Before commenting on what you think Bitmain is doing or trying to do, read this. Also remember that these patents were drafted by patent lawyers who probably know more about patent law than you do.
TL;DR: the "claims" are the definition of what is patented. The rest of it is a technical tutorial about the invention written by a lawyer.
@_date: 2017-01-28 19:02:54
You need to register.
The only reason you haven't had any trouble is that you haven't been noticed yet.
@_date: 2016-12-01 17:10:33
Note that this is an ex-parte ruling, so Coinbase hasn't had its day in court yet. AIUI, that happens once they have actually been served with the order.
@_date: 2017-01-25 23:03:18
As I understand it, Venezuela does have almost free electricity. The trouble, as any economist will tell you, is that when you underprice a resource people overuse it. The Venezuelan government gets around this by imposing a kind of AUP on electricity; you can use it for normal household stuff, but if you use it for any kind of industry or business then that counts as "theft" even if you paid for it.
@_date: 2016-12-21 20:22:35
The thing that really kicks off a Bitcoin bubble is the headline "record high price". At that point lots of people suddenly jump on board and the price goes ballistic.
The good news is that every successive bubble, measured as the peak multiple of its starting price, gets smaller. The last one was 4 or 5 times the start price, the next one is likely to be two or three. So I'm guessing a peak of no more than $3,000.
@_date: 2018-06-10 09:32:14
Whats the opposite of [survivorship bias]( Whatever it is, this is it. Try including the fiat currencies that haven't failed and see what it does to your numbers. Also, is the distribution poisson (i.e. each currency has the same probability of failure in any given year) or does the longevity of a currency to date help to predict how long it is likely to last in the future? (like stage shows; if a show has been running for a year the odds are good that it will be running for another year)
@_date: 2016-11-24 18:15:42
Some time ago I asked the UK Inland Revenue if this applies to Bitcoin, and got a formal response saying that no, it doesn't. The reply reference was KMM36732324I15977L0KM, which you could probably cite if you needed to, although I'm not certain. Note also that this is UK only: other governments may have different views.
"As Bitcoins are a cyrptocurrency they cannot be physically carried in to or out of the UK. It is my understanding therefore that a declaration would not be required."
"For further information on HMRC's current treatment of Bitcoins within the UK please read Brief 09/14 on our website."
@_date: 2016-12-16 19:14:27
Trying to link a drop in FX volume to BTC is bullshit.
According to the article, FX volumes have shrunk by 300B$ *per day*. That is about 20 times the total market cap of all BTC. Compared to current international FX, all of Bitcoin is a drop in the bucket. This is much more related to uncertainty over the future.
It also has nothing to do with a shortage of cash caused by the Indian and Venezualan demonetisation initiatives. Physical cash is not part of international FX. Yes, these initiatives may be contributing to the uncertainty I mentioned earlier, but that is a second order effect, not the primary cause this article makes out.
Economic uncertainty will probably boost bitcoin, but thats about it.
@_date: 2016-12-22 17:39:24
So what. This dates from 1995.
@_date: 2016-12-21 20:23:51
Yes, but it doesn't support 32 bits.
@_date: 2017-08-26 18:28:36
Your offline Armory computer is just as vulnerable. Yes, you can encrypt the HD of your Armory computer, but you can also enable an additional passphrase on your Trezor, which defeats that particular attack.
@_date: 2016-12-21 20:34:17
Thanks for this. I'll give it some serious thought.
@_date: 2016-12-14 19:22:36
The things that ended reserve currency status for the UK was World War 1, and for France the Battle of Waterloo. Be careful what you wish for.
@_date: 2016-12-24 15:38:38
But for most people outside the computer industry, encrypted = secure.
So yeah, technically wrong, but pointing in the right direction.
Better than one radio interview I heard a few years ago:
Host: what's to stop someone creating lots of new bitcoins?
Guest: Its controlled by an algorithm, which...
Host [interrupts] : Oh, *algorithms*. They caused the financial crisis didn't they? We know all about algorithms.
@_date: 2016-12-27 14:30:20
So now we will have another Bitcoin bubble, which will then pop.
@_date: 2018-06-06 14:44:02
While I sympathise, the law says that you owe them the erroneous refunds in exactly the same way that they owed you.
I suggest that you proceed as follows:
1. Write down everything that has happened so far, with dates, transaction numbers etc. You've already done most of this above.
2. Phone Expedia customer support and ask where to refund the refunds. If they give you an address then just do it. But it sounds like you may just get a promise to get back to you. You are dealing with low-end customer support here.
3. Add the outcome of (2) to your log. Whatever happened you need to prove that you were acting in good faith.
If they promise to get back to you and don't then nobody can blame you for keeping the money. However bear in mind that they are still entitled to the money if they ask for it.
@_date: 2017-11-14 14:36:24
The issue is not large volumes of transactions at &lt;10s/byte, its the transactions that have paid 100s/byte four days ago and still haven't seen their transactions clear. Even now, if you want your transaction to have a good chance of clearing in less than an hour then you need to pay around 700s/byte, which works out around $10 for most transactions.
@_date: 2017-11-14 06:50:40
Of course I know about spam transactions. They have little or no fee and are artificially large. This shows up in Johoe's mempool graphs very clearly. It is not what we were seeing yesterday.
@_date: 2017-11-14 18:30:39
I don't think that the situation can be stable over the long term as long as Bitcoin has a long adjustment interval. If BCH starts to appreciate in value relative to BTC then mining power will migrate towards it, roughly in proportion to its value increase. This will result in increasingly long block intervals on BTC until the next difficulty adjustment, which will cause a transaction backlog in the mempool again. If this causes BTC's value to fall then more miners will migrate to BCH and the cycle will continue.
The opposite won't happen because if miners migrate to BTC then the BCH difficulty will adjust to match.
@_date: 2017-11-17 12:55:27
Its a fair question. I use Trezor and Mycelium. The Trezor I paid for, and they have already implemented SegWit. Mycelium haven't, but neither the app nor the web site seems to have a donation link. I do see the "crowdsale" raised over 5,000 BTC a couple of years ago, so I guess thats keeping them in pizza.
@_date: 2017-11-13 19:24:20
This, definitely. If you look at  you can see how close they came. It doesn't *look* close on the graph, but at the point when the difficulty adjusted BTC became about 2.3 times more valuable to mine. If BTC had stayed down at $5,500 and the other coin had stayed up around $2,600 then we might have had a scenario where BTC was still less profitable to mine. In that case we would still be watching the mempool and fees increase. Bitcoin would have entered a death spiral of falling value leading to lack of mining leading to falling value.
@_date: 2017-11-28 01:00:15
So how come this isn't considered to be a post about an alt-coin?
@_date: 2017-11-13 08:54:34
Reads like the Protocols of the Elders of BCH. I stopped at the point where secret orders were issued 
@_date: 2017-11-14 14:40:45
In the long term the Lightning Network is the solution to scaling. But real deployment of Lightning as a phone app is still months away at best. In the meantime we have a real problem today. I was opposed to the 2x fork, but having seen the last 4 days I'm not so sure now. 
@_date: 2017-11-04 21:11:49
 I did consider it. However several things argued against it:
1: As you say, it would require an offline computer.
2: It requires you to have software compatible with the original code. I'm not confident that software available today won't have bit-rotted in 10 years time.
3: It produces alphanumeric codes which have to be typed in, rather than words.
4: The output codes would have to be printed, which adds to the complexity of and security surface.
@_date: 2017-11-05 22:05:58
It's one of those irregular verbs: I know the facts, you have opinions, he's biased, they've been brainwashed. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 14:08:45
The new BCH difficulty adjustment algorithm (DAA) is preventing the wild swings we saw in the past. Instead it seems to be converging nicely to an equilbrium point.
Unfortunately that equilibrium point is the relative price: if BCH is half the price of BTC then BCH gets 1/3 of the hashpower, and BTC gets 2/3. If BCH grows in value then hashpower moves smoothly across to it in proportion.
Unfortunately this still leaves BTC with an instability; if BCH grows in value then it takes hashpower from BTC. The BTC DAA adjusts much less frequently, so the BTC block rate slows down, fees go up, and lots of people find themselves with stuck transactions. The value of a blockchain comes from the trade that can flow across it, so the value of Bitcoin falls, leading to more hashpower moving over to BCH, and so worsening the situation.Eventually the BTC difficulty would reset to compensate, but even under normal conditions  this would take a couple of weeks. If there was a serious block drought then it could take a month or more.
@_date: 2015-07-19 12:27:07
It stops fraud in some ways, but enables it in others. I'm just waiting for a phone call along the lines of "This is the Bitcoin Security Department. Hackers have your bitcoin password. You need to transfer all your coins to this new address for safekeeping."
@_date: 2017-11-23 15:42:12
Its a good analysis, thanks. It agrees with what I said, except that I hadn't appreciated the impact of increasing transaction fees on the mining equilibrium.
However even a drop from 6 blocks per hour to 5 per hour would have a serious impact. The mempool graphs are showing serious instability even now; sometimes a 20 satoshi per byte transaction goes in the next block, at other times it goes in the next day. People are saying that it is silly to waste money on high fees when transactions are getting confirmed, but the fee to get into the last block is not a reliable guide to the next one.
This kind of randomly jammed behaviour is characteristic of a system operating at the limit of its capacity. So even a 16% drop in capacity would have a serious impact.
@_date: 2017-11-20 13:17:18
Sorry, but it does matter. Yes, if you are an expert who understands the difference between BTC and BCH you can re-enter the seed words or sweep the keys into a wallet on the other side of the split and thereby recover the coins (assuming you haven't sent them to an address that doesn't accept them of course).  But from the point of view of a BTC newbie (i.e. the kind of person who is going to take us to the moon) the narrative is very simple: "Bitcoin is broken software that lost my money!"
@_date: 2015-08-31 10:34:29
Johnny Mnemonic.
@_date: 2017-11-10 15:47:03
This is wierd. Kraken's PGP code is here: 
However it says that you shouldn't use this for sending encrypted email to Kraken. Why not?
@_date: 2015-08-17 16:35:12
Absolutely. I would say you should think of your Android phone as like your wallet: you only store cash you can afford to lose, because your pocket might get picked. Walking around with your life savings in your wallet is just dumb.
@_date: 2017-11-08 14:31:56
This is particularly relevant for security. Anyone with Bitcoins needs to cultivate a healthy level of paranoia because all the safety nets that the legacy banking system has built in (imperfect and partial though they are) are completely missing in Bitcoin, and it takes time to get your head around this.
@_date: 2017-11-13 19:28:39
We need a roadmap. If we had something to say "2MB blocks now, followed by Lightning Network at [some date]", and an argument to show that this would meet a reasonably predicted growth curve then it would be a baseline against which future proposals could be measured. If someone then called for 4MB blocks they would need to show what was wrong with the current roadmap.
@_date: 2017-11-13 19:31:51
Difficulty measurement has unavoidable random noise in it. You need enough blocks to get a statistically sound estimate. Otherwise you could get an exceptional number of blocks (high or low) during a measurement period and have the difficulty set too high or low as a result the next time. I haven't run the numbers myself, but I strongly suspect Satoshi did.
@_date: 2017-11-21 14:59:49
It's not the level per se,its the unpredictability. How much do I need to pay to get something through within the hour? Right now it looks like around 30 s/byte, but if I put that transaction in and get unlucky with the block rate it might not clear for days. That uncertainty presents a big problem: every transaction is a gamble.
@_date: 2015-07-19 15:08:41
I recall in the early days of the Internet, one big milestone was that news stories about it stopped having the introductory paragraph explaining what it is. I'll be interested to see when this happens for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-07-30 04:00:50
Now you have revealed it there are going to be people working through all the permutations of your method in the hope of getting your btc. Move your coins NOW!
@_date: 2015-07-19 12:03:49
No, many of them have pimps because if they don't they get imprisoned, beaten and raped until they agree to accept "representation". See 
@_date: 2017-11-15 07:17:32
But those high fees will themselves cause BTC value to drop as people prefer BCH. Either way we will still be caught in a death spiral.
@_date: 2017-11-17 17:33:49
The first known Bitcoin transaction was the famous 10,000 BTC pizzas ( There is a comment in the chain that you could already sell those BTC for $41, so one BTC was worth about 0.25 cents. After that, its just changes in the market price.
@_date: 2017-11-10 11:44:02
With that much money at stake you don't post here, you hire a lawyer.
@_date: 2015-07-24 07:54:42
Not unreasonable, given that the context was a bank holding BTC as security for a loan. In this case the bank is only exposed to the downside.
@_date: 2015-07-10 23:12:01
Those complaining about the regulations on exchanges should bear in mind that this is what an unregulated financial industry looks like. Sure, much of the regulation we see proposed is dysfunctional, but total non regulation is not the answer either.
@_date: 2015-07-19 16:17:09
The real value of being able to mine and refine metal on an asteroid in Earth orbit is not being able to ship the metal down the gravity well, its in having lots of metal in Earth orbit. Right now getting a kilo of metal of any kind up there costs around $20,000, while a kilo of platinum on the ground is $30,000. If we had an asteroid being mined in orbit then both prices would drop by an order of magnitude.
@_date: 2015-07-19 12:04:43
Given that the current situation is due to one overzealous policeman, I wouldn't read too much into it if that happens. 
@_date: 2015-08-07 13:57:07
The TL;DR is that for the purposes of Japanese bankruptcy law BTC are treated like cash (put in a big pot and divided between creditors) rather than like clothes or cars (collected by their owners).
@_date: 2017-11-24 13:29:58
You can stop paying taxes to France very easily: just go live in another country. There are countries out there with no effective government, so you won't have to pay taxes there. Pity they're all such hellholes.
@_date: 2015-07-11 07:39:22
No, I'm suggesting that companies holding funds for customers need to be regulated, regardless of currency.
@_date: 2017-11-16 09:44:59
 On the centralized hubs thing: it is true that economies of scale will push the world towards a high degree of centralization; Networks like this tend to exhibit scale-free properties ( However if anyone attempts to use  this for censorship then the network can very easily route around it. This is true far more than on the physical Internet because being an ISP requires lots of physical plant, but being a node on the LN just requires a computer and some Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-07-13 16:34:44
I'm not talking about the stock market, I'm talking about the shadow banks that are going bust or just evaporating into thin air.
@_date: 2015-08-31 10:37:55
Different parts of the law have different definitions of currency. Don't assume that the FINCEN definition applies to e.g. customs law.
@_date: 2015-07-24 17:53:09
Get a secret splitting program such as ssss. This allows you to generate (e.g) 5 keys where any 3 will allow you to recover the secret. Store each part in a sealed envelope with a different trusted person.
This ought to be a standard option in Bitcoin wallets. Armory does it, so why not Trezor?
Can I suggest that fragmented secrets like this be known as "horcruxes"?
@_date: 2017-11-08 19:35:47
From what I've seen, I don't buy that. You can only call "Entrapment" if the police actively encourage you to do something that you would not otherwise have done. Yes, DPR was talking to federal agents instead of real hit men, but he was actively looking for someone to carry out a hit and they didn't need to talk him into it. 
@_date: 2017-11-24 13:32:39
Yeah, funny, that. The world seems to be divided into nice places to live where you have to pay taxes, and places with no effective government that nobody would want to live in, and where 99% of the population would love to get away from, owing to the fact that the other 1% keep taking everything away from them, often including their lives.
@_date: 2019-04-27 08:04:45
Also Money Stack Exchange ( exists to answer questions like this.
@_date: 2017-04-20 16:50:11
Terry Pratchett said it best in Interesting Times:


@_date: 2017-11-17 22:07:51
Some things are more important than money. Tell your wife.
Then talk to a tax adviser. I don't know the details of US tax law, but if its anything like here you only pay tax on what you convert to dollars in any one year. Your plan to buy a house complicates things somewhat.
Think of yourself as having $1.8M. Ignore how you got it; consider how much of it you should have in BTC going forwards, and how much in dollars. Personally I'd recommend a 50:50 split, but you might consider working towards that over a period of a few years to make it more tax efficient.
On to your lifestyle questions:
* Manage your risk. Convert some to dollars. Maybe you can spend some of it on training for a job your wife would enjoy more.
* Yes, if you divorce, all your assets are in the pot. That includes the BTC. In that event the only way you could hide it is to lie to the divorce court. You might get away with it, but its not really worth the risk.
* Tech savvy and finance savvy are different things. Talk to a tax professional about the best way to split Bitcoin and mortgage to minimise the total of tax and interest, bearing in mind the risk of BTC falling and leaving you unable to pay your mortgage. 
@_date: 2015-07-19 12:07:04
Bear in mind that if someone buying BTCs from you tells you that they are about to do something illegal with them then you are a party to the crime. Whether "advertising myself as a prostitute" counts as illegal will depend on the jurisdiction, but the best advice is "don't ask, don't tell". That way you don't need to hold up the sale while you consult a lawyer.
@_date: 2015-07-24 07:58:30
One crucial point they make on regulation is to compare a BTC exchange with other money services businesses. While MSBs presumably have to spend time and money proving to their banks that they are compliant with all the regulations, they can get banking services. So the Fed is saying that exchanges ought to be treated in the same way.
@_date: 2017-04-16 19:24:54
An amateur with $1M.
@_date: 2015-07-31 17:19:31
The problem with any such scheme is the security: you need some way of connecting the BTC you are transmitting with the new wallet on the phone. One obvious way would be to create a new wallet, put the BTC in it, and transmit the private key to the phone. But then you have to transmit the private key... Or you could generate a new wallet on the phone in the app, and have it send the address to a server holding the coins. Better, but how does the app identify itself securely to the server, given that its only just been installed? You could send a one-time code with the app invitation, but that is only secure enough for small sums. Otherwise someone who gets access to the email can steal the money before the recipient claims it.
@_date: 2017-11-19 15:46:50
Bear in mind that the Zimbabwean currency at the moment is  government IOUs that are supposedly worth $1 but actually trade at around 50 cents. So I guess that these prices reflect the discount.
@_date: 2017-04-25 21:55:54
I don't have any specific expertise with the SEC, but the general principle in these things is to focus on evidence and rules. You need to show that the Winklevoss ETF would meet the criteria laid down in the rules. The original rejection letter should give pointers to the rules in question. Can you find evidence that addresses the points in those rules? For instance, can you show that BTC is more widely traded than claimed there? Write those things down, linking them to the rules, and thereby showing how the ETF meets the rules in question.
@_date: 2018-03-28 15:18:52
Where does the bank see your money coming from or going to?
@_date: 2018-11-07 09:41:19
Its not quite clear from your posts what you are doing.
Are you trading on an exchange which does AML? If so then no problem. By all means impress your parents with your financial wizardry.
Are you making money by buying and selling BTC as a business via something like [localbitcoins.com]( or by selling to locals on your estate? If so then you are almost certainly breaking the law (I'm not familiar with Eire law, but I assume they have similar AML laws to the rest of Europe). Your parents may be informed about this by the police. In addition if you have knowingly sold BTC to someone to buy drugs or do something else illegal then you may be considered part of the drug deal even though you never touched the stuff, and that is going to ramp up the penalties. You need to find out what the law in your jurisdiction says.
Also if there is money going in and out of your bank account (as you say in a later post) then your bank is going to notice before your parents, and will shut you down. Can you get a new account without your parents help?
@_date: 2018-11-03 18:39:18
The fiat banking system rules won't let you do that. You might find some grey or black market conduit, but by definition its going to be dodgy and may well steal the money you try to send.
Your best bet is to get a bank account somewhere in the EU in your own name, and cash out to that via a European exchange such as Bitstamp. Then do a SEPA transfer to the person in Ireland.
@_date: 2016-09-04 12:58:32
I wouldn't. Don't be an idiot.
@_date: 2017-09-15 18:07:41
Do you have evidence that these transactions are by J P Morgan? Because reckless allegations of criminal wrongdoing are actionable.
@_date: 2018-03-11 16:53:05
So that is one millionth of the national debt paid off then. Only another 99.9999% to go!
@_date: 2017-09-17 09:11:52
There is one attached to every post. Look for the down arrow on the left.
@_date: 2018-02-24 23:12:53
In the UK the giver has to pay capital gains tax exactly as if the coins were sold at current market value.
@_date: 2017-10-16 07:44:53
So thats around $4T (4e12), or 1BTC = $200,000 approx.
@_date: 2018-03-04 16:22:01
The future is not fractional reserve *versus* bitcoin, its fractional reserve *with* bitcoin.
Once Bitcoin is an established currency with stable exchange rates banks will provide interest-bearing accounts denominated in Bitcoin. These will be backed by loans also denominated in Bitcoin.
Fractional reserve banking started a long time ago, when currencies were backed by gold and/or silver.
@_date: 2017-09-25 20:34:44
What this meme is trying to say (and failing) is that before the printing press was invented the written word was rare, valuable, and therefore comparatively unregulated. Once printing presses became widely used there was an explosion in subversive literature, complete with memes and fake news. Governments across Europe responded by trying to regulate printers, but to no avail, leading ultimately to the idea that "freedom of the press" was a good idea.
@_date: 2017-09-06 15:19:14
You are correct that at present BTC cannot compete against plastic and cash for routine small transactions. Nor does it make a good store of value for a business. While historically it has appreciated rapidly, the risk remains that on the day the bill falls due the BTC/$ rate has dropped, leaving you short. Meanwhile the cost and delay to make a small payment means that paying for your beer or coffee with BTC is not really feasible.
However for some people, mostly in markets that are more or less grey, these disadvantages are outweighed by the fact that the conventional banking system can't or won't serve them. Examples are gambling, various forms of sex, drugs (legal and illegal), and moving money around exchange control barriers such as in Venezuela and China.
Investors are enthused about Bitcoin because of its potential future. They forsee a day when the volatility has dwindled to the point where people will set prices in BTC rather than $, and the Lightning Network has made small transactions happen as cheaply and quickly as they currently do when using plastic. That day is not yet here.
I think the tipping point will come when a country rich enough for most people to carry a smartphone encounters monetary problems severe enough to make BTC look better than their local money. Right now the number 1 choice looks like Venezuela, but if it fails to catch on there then no doubt another one will be along soon. When that does happen BTC will suddenly become very valuable. In theory the real value of the BTC in circulation will be equal to somewhere between the M1 and M2 for the country in question. M1 is the lower limit because that is the money in circulation. M2 is the upper limit because that is the amount of money created by fractional-reserve banking. The actual value will be between them because people with BTC on their phones don't need to keep it in a bank to transact electronically, so the amount of money stored in banks (and hence the ratio of M2:M1) will fall.
@_date: 2017-09-18 11:57:54
So if I understand this correctly, someone has decided to pay for 14e6 bytes of transactions at 100e-8 bitcoins per byte, which comes out at 14 bitcoins, or at current prices around $55,300. That is a pretty expensive point to make. Or am I missing something?
@_date: 2017-09-21 10:42:17
Put words 1-16 on one piece of paper, words 9-24 on a second, and words 1-8 and 17-24 on a third. That way you can recover the seed from any two of the three pieces of paper. Then seal these pieces in separate envelopes and ask 3 trusted relatives or friends to store one each.
Edit: each word stores 11 bits of data, so the missing 8 words give you 88 bits of key to search. This is not infeasible given modern hardware and a large budget, but it would take significant effort. The NSA or a large mining farm would have the hash power, but J Random Burglar does not.
@_date: 2018-02-12 18:12:21
You'll just give them another incentive to close your account.
@_date: 2017-10-06 14:06:20
Well I haven't seen it before.
Is the article itself on line?
@_date: 2017-09-22 06:48:43
Google will give you a set of one-time authentication codes to print out. Keep them somewhere safe that isn't your phone and use them to get back into your account if you lose your phone.
@_date: 2017-10-24 12:47:55
And a surprising number of countries have Shillings.
@_date: 2017-09-28 22:23:58
You mention using your mobile as 2FA on gmail. Hackers can take over your mobile number by social  engineering your phone company. Texts to mobiles are no good for 2FA.
@_date: 2017-10-02 16:15:22
"Blockchain" is a technology. Bitcoin is a particular instantiation of that technology.
At present banks move money between themselves by having accounts with each other. If Alice Bank needs to move money to Bob Bank then Alice Bank puts the money in Bob Bank's account held at Alice Bank. Every so often the two banks compare accounts and balance out the money. If the banks don't have mutual accounts then they use a "correspondent bank" who's job is to have accounts with lots of other banks to move the money. You can think of it as the Victorian equivalent of the lightning network.
If they can create their own version of Bitcoin where all the banks hold the blockchain and mining is done in an agreed fashion then they can get rid of the correspondent banks and mutual accounts: Alice Bank can pay Bob Bank in Bankcoins without any need for another relationship.
This is done using a bitcoin-like technology, but it is "permissioned" (i.e. you need to be a bank to use it). That keeps the banks as the gatekeepers to the financial infrastructure, which both they and national governments are happy to see.
@_date: 2018-02-09 18:15:07
Never attribute to malice anything that can be explained by stupidity.
The Venezuelan government is arresting miners for "stealing" electricity. They subsidize the cost of electricity for consumers so it is nearly free, but as a result they have to have an acceptable use policy for it. They regard bitcoin mining as being outside the AUP, which is reasonable because the country is just as short of electricity as it is everything else.
So you don't need to assume that the Venezuelan government is maliciously trying to destroy Bitcoin, just that they are stupid enough to have subsidized electricity and a vaguely defined AUP for it backed up by thuggish police.
@_date: 2017-10-06 07:35:36
That's not necessarily a compliment.
@_date: 2017-10-30 14:47:05
One strategy for the recovery seed (assuming 24 words): write out 3 lists, one with words 1-16, one with words 9-24, and one with words 1-8 and 17-24 (i.e. middle 8 missing). Then seal each one in a separate envelope and ask three trusted relatives to look after them. You can recover the seed with any two envelopes, but a single envelope has 88 bits missing.
@_date: 2017-09-26 07:30:19
No, Bitcoin is NOT a good store of value (yet). A good store of value has very low volatility. Yes, if you invested money in BTC a few years ago you have had a good rate of return, but that makes Bitcoin a good investment, not a good store of value. To be a good store of value you have to have a very high probability of getting back the money you put in. BTC has recently lost 40% of its value in a week. Yes, its made most of it back since. But if you have to make payroll every week then just one event like that is enough to put you out of business.
This isn't just a matter of semantics. If you try to persuade people that Bitcoin is important and useful then deliberatly ignoring its weak spots damages your credibility.  Anyone reading this article who might have found it persuasive will have been turned off by an obvious confusion between investing and storing value. If you want to suggest that businesses use Bitcoin then you have to show them how to work around its deficiencies, and right now its volatility is a big minus for business use.
@_date: 2017-10-11 14:21:17
Give them some advice about  when they should get a hardware wallet (e.g. "when your coins are worth more than $1,000").
Warn them about keeping coin on exchanges. Make sure they know that using SMS for 2FA is NOT SECURE!
Warn them about the prevalence of scams in altcoins and ICOs. 
@_date: 2017-10-14 15:02:32
True. Will fix.
@_date: 2017-10-17 18:10:48
On the contrary; it totally subverts the Bolivarian revolution.
@_date: 2017-09-02 14:45:22
I think the most important advice I can give you right now is *don't panic!*. Bitcoin's progress has always been three steps forward and two steps back, and you had the bad luck to buy right before it took a couple of steps back. Remember that you are in this for the long term benefit of your grandkids (I'm guessing a decade or so). If you buy when Bitcoin goes up and sell when it goes down you will just lose money. Don't try to outguess the market, just keep on investing for the long term. (And don't invest more than you can afford to lose).
@_date: 2017-10-11 12:09:43
*Necessary* obstacles, on the other hand....
@_date: 2017-10-27 07:30:43
If anything, Bitcoin will enable the megarich to hide even more wealth from the tax man. With Bitcoin you don't even need a crooked bank to move your money around.
@_date: 2017-10-04 08:44:27
Obligatory XKCD: 
@_date: 2017-10-26 07:31:20
Get a hardware wallet. Don't store them on the exchange, your phone or your regular PC.
@_date: 2017-09-21 16:52:18
I think they are more likely to be afraid of a repeat of the Albanian pyramid scheme fiasco, which led to widespread civil disorder.
Bitcoin, of course, is not a pyramid scheme. However the possibility remains that a bubble could occur similar to the one in 2013, but much bigger. In this scenario highly leveraged small investors buy at the top of the market and lose most of their investment. Widespread insolvency leads to a financial crisis with banks becoming insolvent in turn.
The IMF report I referenced above recommends aggressive enforcement in dealing with pyramid schemes. However, as we all know, Bitcoin is less easy to disrupt. It can also be the vector for actual pyramid schemes and other bubbles based around ICOs.
This places governments in a quandary. If they stand back then they may see a financial crisis develop, but if they step in then they are taking action against honest players in the financial system.
@_date: 2017-10-19 14:18:26
And then you get SWATed. You hear shouting and banging, you pick up the gun to be ready for trouble, and the cops run in and shoot the guy holding the gun.
@_date: 2017-10-13 05:47:42
It's very widely quoted, but I've never seen an authorative source for it. It could just be an urban legend.
@_date: 2017-10-18 14:55:39
Many are just bitcoin clones; the model seems to be to invent your own currency, mine a bunch, and hope to sell it to some suckers.
However a few are trying to improve on Bitcoin. Notably:
* Litecoin uses a proof of work that is memory intensive and hence intended to be resistant to huge farms of ASICs. 
* Etherium is has turing-complete scripts, so you can create arbitrarily complex transactions in it.
* Monero transactions are completely anonymous rather than just pseudonymous.
@_date: 2017-10-27 19:05:38
They don't need to. All the government needs to do is to fix the rules so that you either give the mega-rich even more money or you are homeless and starving.
@_date: 2017-10-12 10:13:10
As in "Hodle-odl-odl-whyeetee"?
@_date: 2017-10-28 20:57:53
I have zoomed out . It's not normal.
@_date: 2015-04-03 23:03:48
For those who don't know, the issue (as I understand it) with privacy is that if you have everyone send payments to address X, then anyone who knows that address can look at the Bitcoin wallets that sent the money, and maybe make some educated guesses about who they belong to.
Most wallet software generates a different address for each payment, so this becomes harder (though not impossible, especially if you in turn send most of that money to a single cold storage address or something).
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:55:21
I find it intriguing that in Russia using Bitcoins in trade is "probably illegal", but outside Russia their tame media mouthpiece is continually talking them up.
@_date: 2015-04-08 16:46:46
You could just ask your sellers if they would be interested in accepting BTC. If they say "yes", problem solved. If they say "no", you are no worse off.
You are correct that a Trezor or similar "hardware wallet" would be the safest and simplest way to hold the BTC.
@_date: 2017-09-29 12:08:34
While I agree that SMS compromise is not Bittrex's fault, its not the user's fault either. The real culprits are the companies that use SMS as 2FA and the phone companies that don't take security seriously.
@_date: 2017-09-06 16:47:24
The trouble is that if you owe your workers $100,000 worth of BTC on payday then there is a risk that on that day BTC will drop by 10%, so now your BTC are only worth $90,000 and you can't pay your workers.
You can hedge against this of course, but that costs extra and its easier just to hold $. You might also pay your workers a fixed amount of BTC, but that just transfers the risk to them on rent day. And so on down the line.
*Eventually* BTC will stabilize to the point where this is no longer an issue. But not yet.
@_date: 2015-04-03 22:58:21
Only because its the one I happen to know, so I can speak from personal experience.
@_date: 2017-10-24 08:25:38
+1 on this. An initial conversation with an attorney doesn't cost anything.
@_date: 2017-10-14 10:29:03
The data is taken from blockchain.info, with the inital zeros stripped out. The y axis is the log of the dollar price (i.e. "1" means $10, "2" means $100, "3" means $1,000 and so on), so the best-fit straight line is actually an exponential growth curve. The slope (i.e. log of growth rate) is 0.5061, which translates to a growth rate of *3.2 (i.e. +220%) per year. Put another way, the long-term trend is to add another zero to the price every 2 years.
This also shows that the surge over the last 6 months has merely taken the price back to the long term trend.
@_date: 2017-10-14 15:04:08
Actually no, exponential growth means a constant growth rate.
@_date: 2017-09-10 19:04:39
Do the science and run the numbers. Then go talk to some existing farmers. This is not a good place to validate business ideas.
@_date: 2015-04-27 18:46:48
The key point is "properly encrypted". Getting security right is hard, as we keep seeing. Yes, RSA or AES may be effectively unbreakable unless you have the key, but non-random key generation, or leaving big clues about the key somewhere in your data structure, are surprisingly common, and malware doesn't get much peer review before deployment.
@_date: 2015-04-27 17:39:24
First, it would be a good idea to image the affected disk. Then if you do something that breaks the ransomware without getting your files back, you haven't lost everything.
Once you have done that there are three options:
1: Maybe you get lucky and find that someone else has already cracked this ransomware. People have pointed at the Kapersky work. There may be others. If so, download the fix and run it. If not, move on to 2 and 3.
2: Pay the ransom. Famously, even one police department in the US wound up having to do this.  If you do this the odds are that you will get your files back: ransomware gangs know that lots of "I paid but didn't get my files back" messages will hit their cash flow, so they generally do as they promise. Honesty of a sort, I suppose.
3: Say goodbye to any files you didn't have backed up, and talk to your boss about the benefit of a regular off-site backup policy.
@_date: 2017-10-13 16:50:53
But the Lightning Network makes it much harder to trace, because payments are off the blockchain. AIUI a trace is only possible if everyone on the route collaborates, like an onion network.
@_date: 2015-09-13 09:33:03
Keeping cash on hand costs the banks money: inflation is eating away at it (not so much now of course, but normally at 2% / year). So of course they are not going to keep a buffer of tens or hundreds of thousands of pounds in the vault. And of course security to match the risk would be expensive too.
So of course the banks are going to reduce the amount of physical cash they hold to the point where they can meet 99% of customer requests, and have a system for ordering in more when necessary.
@_date: 2017-10-24 08:26:51
Maybe ESPN has a deal with Venmo.
@_date: 2017-09-09 12:54:15
2 rules:
1: Hold your own bitcoins; don't leave them on an exchange. Initially you can keep them on a smartphone or PC, but once you have a significant amount (whatever that means to you, but probably around $500) then get a proper hardware wallet.
2: Don't invest more than you can afford to lose. 
@_date: 2015-04-03 18:01:08
The simplest way is to get an Android Smartphone with the Mycelium wallet app. This can generate a QR code which tells your client's wallet how much to send and where to send it to. Your wallet will register the transaction in a few seconds, but it won't be "confirmed" for up to ten minutes. In theory a client could use that 10 minute window to spend coins they haven't got. In practice its probably not worth the hassle for the client, especially if they are paying for an hour of your time.
Converting the Bitcoins to fiat (i.e. "normal" money) is a bit more hassle. You need to either get an account with an exchange or to use informal dealers over something like localbitcoins.com. The former will want copies of government ID and details of your bank account. The latter are more expensive and inconvenient. Also if your bank sees a steady stream of money coming in from a Bitcoin exchange then they may decide your account is too high a risk. If you are lucky there might be a two-way Bitcoin ATM in your area (some only let you buy BTC but not sell them). They still require you to leave some ID or a fingerprint, but its the lowest hassle way if you can get to one.  See  for a map.
Or you could just spend the Bitcoins directly.  Depending on where you are and how much you are receiving, this might be hard or easy. There are mail order places who take Bitcoin, and there are ways to buy Amazon vouchers. coinmap.org will show you any local companies who accept Bitcoin.
Bitcoin as an investment is a high-risk-high-return proposition. It might "go to the moon" with 1000x. Or it might crash tomorrow. Do invest something, but don't invest money you can't afford to lose.
If you decide to keep substantial funds in BTC then keep them somewhere secure. A hardware wallet such as Trezor is the safest. Getting them set up is a bit of a hassle: make sure you follow the instructions carefully and write down the stuff you are told to write down (its your backup in case your hardware wallet breaks). On no account should you keep large amounts in a smartphone wallet or on an ordinary PC: its like wandering around in a big crowd with cash bulging out of your pocket.
Good luck, and let us know how you get on.
@_date: 2015-09-01 10:28:50
You should probably talk to a lawyer to find out which regulations you will have to comply with.
@_date: 2018-03-20 15:41:05
Just like any other foreign currency then.
@_date: 2017-10-14 21:46:26
The best fit line is from the data.
@_date: 2015-09-08 18:41:51
So according to UBS, blockchain-based currencies are good for banks to use, but not for the rest of us.
@_date: 2017-10-26 17:35:02
More goldbuggery. Yawn.
@_date: 2015-09-16 06:54:20
Sounds like snake oil to me.
@_date: 2015-04-03 20:25:12
Now think about how you would explain cash (dollars and cents) to Tarzan: he has never used cash before, and uses cowrie shells as a medium of exchange. Don't forget to explain about paper versus coins, how to make change, and where to exchange your cash for shells.
Don't mistake "new" for "complicated". I remember when most people thought email was more complicated than posting a letter.
@_date: 2015-04-03 23:07:42
Bear in mind that a PIN on your phone may just slow down the thieves. So if your phone is stolen you need to shift the coins to a newly created wallet ASAP.
@_date: 2015-04-03 18:31:40
You need two devices of some kind. As people have said, large amounts should be on a Trezor or other hardware wallet.
You can send money to a device that you don't have with you and which is off-line: the transaction will be sitting waiting for the device when it next goes live.
You could also just have a QR code on a piece of paper in your pocket, and the device somewhere else. The trouble is you have to trust your client. Watching your client send the money from his app will provide a minimal level of assurance, but the only real confirmation is the one from your device.
@_date: 2017-10-14 06:28:03
User /= investor
People checking the price are probably investors. Real use is people transferring bitcoin in exchange for something else.
Anyone know a good way to measure that?
@_date: 2016-10-03 17:44:38
Actually that is not true. A cheque is not legal tender, but you can pay your taxes by cheque.
Legal tender laws are a bunch of rules created (as whitslack says) to stop people playing silly buggers with debts. Examples of "silly buggers" include
* Paying $100 with 10,000 one-cent coins.
* Paying a $9 debt with a $100 note.
* Refusing to accept payment of any kind, and then sending in the bailiffs to seize property on the grounds that the debt has not been paid.
Legal tender rules exist to stop this. They have nothing to do with everyday commerce, not even for taxes.
@_date: 2018-04-11 20:58:32
According to the article they have not been "busted" (which usually means criminal charges), nor have they been accused of fraud (i.e. a crime). They have been sued for charging fees that they are not contractually entitled to. Whether they win or not remains to be seen.
@_date: 2016-10-05 16:28:42
Which is going to be interesting, because it is now EU law that every legal resident of the EU must be provided with at least a basic bank account, including asylum seekers and homeless people. It is not clear what is supposed to happen when someone with no proof of identity walks into a bank and asks to open an account.
@_date: 2016-10-01 22:15:43
Actually cash is fungible because the law says so, not because of any inherent properties. This was first established in Scotland in 1749: 
Since then everyone has adopted the same basic framework: one bank note is equivalent to any other of the same denomination. If someone steals a bank note off you and spends it at a shop, you can't demand it back from the shop any more than you could demand any other note. This is true even if you can identify the particular note in question.
@_date: 2015-11-01 11:57:46
First, can you post the transaction ID so we can see what is wrong with it?
Second, have you asked Bitbargain about this? As long as the transaction has not been incorporated in the blockchain then they should be able to create a second transaction for the address which is standard and hence goes through, orphaning the original transaction. Then they can safely resend the money.
@_date: 2015-11-01 16:55:35
Its possible that your Multibit wallet hasn't noticed the transaction for some reason. Try doing a rescan.
@_date: 2015-11-21 19:21:10
It seems that CMU found an exploit in TOR that let them match up messages coming in to TOR against messages coming out, and hence figure out who was accessing what. This specific exploit has now been closed. Of course there could be others; you never know for sure.
The FBI then subpoenaed CMU to hand over the information collected. Its also been alleged and denied that the FBI bankrolled the whole operation.
@_date: 2015-11-24 07:07:09
Don't forget to delete cookies as well.
@_date: 2015-11-01 11:01:49
Just in case anyone is in any doubt, this is a scam and ninjalong is shilling.
@_date: 2017-05-30 20:37:57
I'll go with the popcorn. $30B riding on the outcome of a techie flame war!
@_date: 2015-11-03 18:35:47
If you look at the all-time price chart on a log scale (so doubling the price is the same size regardless of whether its $1 to $2 or $100 to $200) then you can see that in percentage terms the bubbles are actually getting smaller.
@_date: 2015-11-21 19:12:13
This is from 2nd Nov, so its rather out of date. What the draft bill actually said is that the Home Secretary can order any company to take any technical measures s/he considers "reasonable" to enable interception.
Not that its any less dumb of course.
@_date: 2015-11-21 18:00:54
Bitcoins are best thought of as a commodity, like gold. Imagine you were getting small bits of gold instead of bitcoins: many of your questions and concerns would be the same. How do I keep these safe? How can I change them into dollars (or whatever your local currency is)? How come they are worth more or less than they were last month?
You can either store your bitcoins on your own computer or smartphone using a program or app called a "wallet", or you can ask someone else to store them. In that case you are trusting them not to lose them, and not to run off with them. Most people reckon that you should store them yourself, and its good advice, but you need to do it right. Going back to the bits of gold, imagine if you said "I'll keep them in this glass jar on my mantlepiece so I won't lose them". Not very secure. But if you bought a lockbox and hid it under a floorboard, or used a proper safe, they would be much more secure. The same thing goes for bitcoins. You can keep them on your everyday computer, but its the equivalent of the glass jar on the mantlepiece. Thats OK for small amounts, like this week's groceries, but for bigger amounts you want something more secure. A hardware wallet is the equivalent of the lockbox or safe, and if you are going to have a lot of bitcoins then you ought to get one. Read the instructions carefully, and come back here for advice if you need it. See  for a list of choices.
For selling your bitcoins there are a number of options. A number of people have mentioned coinbase, and there are other options too.  These are known as exchanges. You sign up with the exchange, transfer some of your bitcoins to them, and then electronically exchange them for dollars which will be transferred back to your bank account. If you are in Europe then BitStamp is a good choice. In all these cases you have to trust the exchange with your money during the process, but you can do it a bit at a time, and its only for a short time, so its a much lower risk than leaving the whole lot with the exchange all the time.
Note that some banks get squirrely about people who get money from bitcoin exchanges; they are afraid you might be earning them in some illegal way and close your account.
Some cities have Bitcoin ATMs where you can sell bitcoins and get cash dispensed directly in return. The exchange rate is usually not very good, but probably better than you get on localbitcoins.com.
Like I said, you can think of bitcoins as being a bit like gold, and just like gold the price goes up and down. There is nobody in charge of this; when you sell bitcoins you are selling them to somebody else who wants to buy them, possibly even the person who is going to wind up paying for whatever it is you do to earn them. Some people also buy them and hold them in the hope that the price will go up. So there is supply and demand, and that is what sets the price. Because Bitcoin is new and not widely used the price can vary a lot very quickly. If you can't afford to risk this then you should set up a system to sell your bitcoins as fast as you get them.
Hope this helps.
@_date: 2015-09-05 14:47:49
More interesting is the fact that with Bitcoin you can do business without having to use the banking system as an intermediary. At present you either do everything 100% in physical cash, or you use a bank. No doubt banks will still exist for those who want to use them, but it won't be obligatory.
@_date: 2015-11-10 17:47:18
One wrinkle is that you may have to account for capital growth or loss if you hold BTC. Your contractors and employees may also have do likewise if you pay them in Bitcoin, but that is not your problem: just record the dollar value of the BTCs you receive and spend.
Actually, unless you have a good reason to hold BTC (e.g. some of your suppliers would find it preferable to dollars) then you should have Coinbase or a similar company just translate everything into dollars directly, so its not your problem at all.
@_date: 2015-11-19 07:17:53
So exactly what did they do?
@_date: 2015-11-19 07:29:09
Last year their statutory after-tax profit was £845 million. Assuming £1=$1.60 that makes $150 million equal to about 40.5 days profit. 
 
@_date: 2015-10-08 05:21:45
I thought the same thing. Then I thought of a few ways such a scam might work:
* Download our wallet app to receive your bitcoins.
* After you have bought your bitcoins you can see them on your account on our web site (sorry, withdrawals aren't working, hope to have them back up real soon now)
* Missed the boat on Bitcoin? Invest in my alt-coin instead!
@_date: 2017-05-23 17:03:48
Civil disobedience is not just breaking the law, its doing so openly and for no profit in order to put the authorities in a fork: either they arrest you for breaking the law (and make a martyr of you) or they leave you be (and implicitly condone your law breaking). This is how it should be done: 
Whatever you may think of the current drug laws, running Silk Road was not an act of civil disobedience.
@_date: 2015-10-03 17:59:22
Economics jargon. "Rent" in this context means money someone gets by virtue of owning some resource or having a privileged position. In this case it means the banks being able to charge high fees for a simple service, either because nobody else is allowed to do it or because the users don't know about the alternatives. It can also be used when looking at corruption from an economic rather than legal or moral point of view.
 Its a standard part of economic theory that if rents are available then someone will grab them (hence "rent seeking behaviour"). In other words, don't blame the banks, blame the system that enables them.
@_date: 2016-10-11 16:47:00
Because they are legal tender. If you owe ten dollars then you can pay it with a ten dollar note, and your creditor can't refuse it.
@_date: 2017-05-12 21:38:14
The BBC is now reporting this. 
Edit: Also the Guardian. 
@_date: 2015-10-25 16:14:25
They didn't "give it to the banks for free", they used it to buy up securities. In other words, they lent it out to governments, banks and large companies at a market rate.
The crucial point is that once the money velocity starts to increase again, they can call in those loans and hence undo the inflationary effect as and when necessary without having to increase the base interest rate.
@_date: 2015-10-24 12:59:50
In this case its an older version of the software that Apple can crack quite easily. Its only more recent versions that Apple can't crack. The Government's Reply specifically notes that changing the software is not at issue in this case.
@_date: 2017-05-30 20:40:08
If you don't transact, your coins will automatically be on both chains. Once the dust has settled you can move them, although you might have to update your wallet software first.
@_date: 2015-10-29 16:51:50
Its not a matter of spendability, its a matter of risk. The first $1M bitcoin will probably be part of a bubble, just as the first $1k bitcoin was. So diversifying your wealth into other assets in order to spread the risk would be a rational thing to do.
@_date: 2017-05-19 17:00:01
Its not unreasonable: Assange was originally granted bail of £200k, and then skipped bail by diving into the Equadorian embassy. Skipping bail is a criminal offense, plain and simple.
@_date: 2015-10-29 16:54:57
Whilst arithmetic of this kind is always intriguing, it is a truism amongst venture investors that anyone talking about getting 1% of some huge market has just admitted that they don't know what the market actually is. A more interesting analysis would identify *which* 1% of those deposits might actually move towards Bitcoin and draw some actionable conclusions from that.
@_date: 2015-10-06 18:59:29
Off topic I know, but make sure you are aware of the relevant legislation in your jurisdiction about medical devices and software. The fact that you are charging for this may impact your legal position as well.
@_date: 2015-11-19 17:56:49
Funny how, when it actually turned out to be a substantial fraction of their profit, its suddenly the revenue thats relevant.
@_date: 2015-03-28 13:30:44
If some TLA does manage to reflash the firmware, can they overwrite the code that does the firmware reflashing? If so then they could change the firmware reflash code to always add their secret back door. Then it wouldn't matter how often you updated the device firmware, it would always have the TLA's secret back door in it.
Hopefully you thought of that, but it would be nice to have some reassurance.
@_date: 2015-03-02 22:51:52
And thats a problem. An important rule of business success is to make it easy for the customer to give you money.
@_date: 2015-10-06 18:57:35
In theory a program like this could be written to generate a unique address to send to by using a deterministic wallet. However anyone could then extract the deterministic wallet parameters and hence watch all transactions to those addresses, so it doesn't really help.
@_date: 2015-10-15 17:19:26
Reminds me of when (over 10 years ago) we came back to the UK from the US and then sold our US house. I phoned our US bank and asked them to transfer our money to our UK bank and then close our account. No problem, the lady on the phone said, just come into any branch. We're in the UK, so where is the nearest branch? Probably New York.
We wound up writing a couple of cheques to ourselves and depositing them in our UK bank. It cost about £50 each time.
@_date: 2015-10-18 10:44:00
So the broad plan in the banking industry seems to be to set up their own shared alt-coin that the banks will all use for doing inter-bank transfers, but not let anyone who isn't a bank use it. That way their costs go down but they can keep their prices high.
@_date: 2015-03-28 23:29:01
I don't store significant amounts of BTC on any networked device for precisely that reason.
@_date: 2015-10-17 17:35:35
We certainly need to warn people. Anyone hitting bitcoin.org should see advice about security and scammers, including "too good to be true" investment schemes.
@_date: 2015-10-18 20:09:10
Downvoted as misleading (to put it mildly). Sagan was making a point about religion and pseudoscience, but the title makes it look like he is talking about money. He isn't. Even if Halfhand84 is correct in thinking this quote could apply to fiat money, it is still misleading because the title asserts that Sagan was directly addressing that issue rather than talking about something else.
@_date: 2015-02-03 22:56:43
Add "Don't keep large amounts in BTC on a general purpose computer with an Internet connection" to the list.
@_date: 2015-10-16 22:17:05
This changing address thing is a bit wierd the first time you see it, but once you understand it you can see the sense. If you used the same address for everything then anyone who knows that address can see everything you do. So "deterministic" wallets generate a string of addresses, and you usually only use each one once. The trick is, they use a secret code to generate the sequence of addresses. So if I know I sent you some money at address X, that doesn't help me figure out that your next address is Y, so I can't see anything else about your money. Your wallet app keeps track of all the addresses and all the BTC in each, so when you spend some it just aggregates BTC from enough of the addresses to make up the amount you are spending.
The words you are told to write down are the secret key for generating the addresses.
@_date: 2017-07-05 16:46:52
I've dealt with stonewalling companies in the past. In my experience a "pay up or I take legal action" letter is effective even if it doesn't come from a lawyer. Set out the chronology, state what you want to happen, and end with a deadline and ultimatum.
@_date: 2015-10-24 12:53:49
Having read the actual paper, that is not the main thrust of the Government's argument. They mention this as evidence that Apple is not "far removed", but their main argument is that Apple has always complied before, is quite capable of complying in this case, has publicly stated that it will comply with warrants, and won't be put to significant trouble by complying.
@_date: 2016-07-03 20:56:36
I think it would be more accurate to say that people's *expectation* of the impact of the halving has been factored in. Thing is, how accurate are their expectations?
@_date: 2019-05-01 02:00:29
In my limited experience pretty much all the "trading" in hats and similar virtual commodities is scammers trying to scam scammers. The prices offered are not real because nobody is actually planning to pay up, and the prices asked are not real because the "sellers" will never deliver. The few honest people who really want to buy or sell just get scammed.
@_date: 2018-12-01 21:19:30
And just to make it even wierder, nobody is even sure it contains genuine shit. It might just be filled with plaster.
@_date: 2016-07-23 22:10:50
Probably not a good idea. Sounds like the person you are describing is a classic "late majority" adopter: she will only get it when two or three similar friends express surprise at her not having it. In the meantime if you push it on her then any difficulty or issues, including frustration with the technology and fear of getting it wrong, will be seen as your fault. Its a lose-lose game, so don't play. I know it hurts to see good money wasted on PayPal commission, but you aren't going to make a convert here no matter what you do.
@_date: 2015-02-14 10:51:37
No, but the maths is the same.
@_date: 2017-06-11 07:48:38
People are obviously using it; the blockchain is full and transaction prices are rising even faster than the price of BTC. But its not clear what its being used for. A few people are living off BTC for the principle of the thing, but you would need thousands of them to account for the transaction volume.
@_date: 2013-12-15 20:05:48
How about doing a demo. Ask for a volunteer with an Android phone, get him to install a wallet app, and send him a few millicoins. Then point out that it would work just the same if you had sent 1,000 bitcoins to someone in China.
@_date: 2013-11-05 07:41:13
An offline wallet can't spend money. You need it online, so create a new key to minimize the exposure time.
@_date: 2013-07-12 15:56:47
Very difficult: you have to transfer the money to your own account, then transfer it back out to the other exchange. In Europe it takes over a week and incurs hefty fees. I gather the US may be a bit better, but probably not much. Also there have been stories of banks closing peoples accounts when they see BTC trading happening.
Of course, this is why we need Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-15 10:54:47
Yes, but in that case the most cost-effective course would be to buy some bitcoins out of the dollar revenue.
@_date: 2013-06-02 18:50:16
I think the most obvious answer is "treat it like any other foreign currency".
@_date: 2013-06-12 09:23:34
I imagine that you can only deposit a check at the official rate, which is much worse than the real "blue" one.
@_date: 2013-11-17 10:19:36
I'd suggest going to talk to a tax lawyer about it. 
First, a lawyer will be able to advise you about honest ways of reducing your tax liability (such as creating a company to hold your wealth). These are likely to be greater than his charges, so its a win there. 
Secondly he will be able to verify for himself that your gains were honestly (assuming they were) made by looking at your bank account records and checking them against the blockchain, and will know how to talk to your local tax and legal authorities about this.
Does anyone know of any tax lawyers who also understand Bitcoin?
@_date: 2013-07-13 14:08:52
They might in Thailand.
@_date: 2013-10-04 20:11:49
At some point its going to dawn on someone in a Central American drug gang that running the underground equivalent of Amazon is a a pretty profitable sideline with no extra risk; even if the FBI knows who they are, they can't get at them. So they hire some PHP coders to monkey something up, wait for the FBI to take down all their competition, and profit.
These guys build submarines to carry drugs, so a data centre should not be too big a challenge.
@_date: 2013-09-21 15:24:20
Key text:
The Paymium team has worked hard over the summer on building a new production environment and developing a new trading engine, with a focus on utlimate security and optimal user experience.
We are pleased to inform you that, from Monday, September 23, at 12:00 noon CEST, you will be able to sign up or to login to your Bitcoin-Central account on our new platform.
@_date: 2013-12-18 08:06:44
Anyone who calls China "communist" is either a PRC government spokesman or hasn't been paying attention for the last 20 years.
@_date: 2013-05-10 14:47:52
Remember, if your encrypted wallet is sitting on-line somewhere then anyone who can download it can attempt to brute-force the key. Therefore you need to make sure there are sufficient bits of randomness in your passphrase to make this infeasible. A single English word chosen at random has maybe 12 or 14 bits of randomness, depending on how you choose it, so to get 128 bits you are going to need about 10 words. I'd recommend random words rather than random characters because they are easier to type in.  Generate your 10 random words, write them down in two places, and keep the two copies completely secure in different places. E.g. a personal safe and your bank safety deposit box.
NEVER decrypt your wallet on a computer you do not completely trust. That includes your own computer unless you are willing to bet your BTC on your ability to keep it free of malware. See this page for details on how to boot from a trusted CD. 
Also keep multiple encrypted copies of your wallet. I'd suggest three fresh thumb drives, and once or twice a year check the integrity and make a new copy of the wallet file on each one (to avoid data loss through electron leakage over the years).
If you want ready access to your cash then by all means use an on-line wallet, but don't keep 250BTC on it. Treat your online wallet like your pocket wallet: immediate cash only, because its vulnerable. 
@_date: 2013-07-13 13:55:45
Actually that isn't real passive resistance. Passive resistance means nonviolent *protest*. You can't protest in secret. The point of passive resistance is to use the risk of negative consequences such as violent suppression or imprisonment to make you look like the good guy by contrast while also signalling how strongly you feel about the issue.
Passive resistance to paying taxes would mean posting your tax return to the world along with a statement that you are not going to pay your taxes, but will donate the same amount to charity. Then invite your supporters to form a human chain around you, the authorities to come and get you, and the press to film the whole circus.
Quietly not declaring income, on the other hand, is merely criminal.
@_date: 2013-12-06 21:44:17
While most of what Frankeh says is accurate, I wouldn't describe consumer accounts as necessarily "free". They are free until you cross a tripwire (typically an overdraft limit), at which point they suddenly become extortionately expensive.
@_date: 2013-06-18 18:34:18
Also, might some of the people the recipient has to pay in Jordan be willing to take BTC instead of fiat?
@_date: 2013-05-03 15:46:42
If you are in the USA or Europe, you probably wouldn't: we have far easier ways of buying stuff.
But if you live in China, Argentina or certain parts of Africa then BTC are probably a better bet as a store of value and medium of exchange than your local currency.  See this article for the Chines angle:
@_date: 2013-05-31 15:33:51
You want to talk to an accountant *before* selling your BTC because most tax jurisdictions count it as taxable from the moment it hits a domestic bank account. An accountant can help you structure that transfer in an optimal way. Depending on your local rules it might also be important to get a company set up to own the BTC now rather than later; again, its the sort of thing an accoutant will know.  If you have serious wealth in BTC, a conversation with an accountant would be a good investment.
@_date: 2013-06-14 16:43:01
Do we have specific evidence to cite? Otherwise he's just going to say "These are just commercial decision made by individual banks".
@_date: 2013-09-29 09:30:44
It was until now.
@_date: 2013-12-15 20:14:12
Because his presentation previously talked about doing this, and because anyone who appears ignorant of the basic legal framework is going to have serious credibility problems: a bit like talking to programmers about a new language and not knowing about turing completeness.
@_date: 2013-08-17 19:03:25
If BTC goes mainstream then any legitimate business using BTC is going to need to use mixing services simply to maintain the usual commercial confidentiality. Otherwise you could just infer its BTC cash position, cash flows etc by watching its wallets. In time I expect there will be mixing services that provide this whilst also following AML laws, but at present there are none.
@_date: 2013-07-13 13:59:11
I think the "barter" bit is when you spend bitcoins to buy something. From the IRS point of view this is a barter transaction because it is exchanging something other than dollars for something other than dollars. Barter rules exist to stop people using this as a method of tax avoidance.
@_date: 2013-11-23 11:19:00
URL? Email addresses?
@_date: 2013-11-23 11:30:05
Thats two words.
@_date: 2013-10-04 20:18:10
OK, so contact the FBI, tell them about the stuff you were buying that was legal, and wait. If you had ever bought or sold something illegal on the site then they'll be along to collect you. If you have only ever done legal things on the site then the FBI won't do anything until you instruct a lawyer to file suit for the recovery of your funds. Unless you have a few tens of BTC there its probably going to cost more in legal fees than you will recover.
@_date: 2013-10-19 13:15:43
This is spooky. Its got ubiquitous Government surveillance and dirty tricks, a commercial e-money looking a lot like Ripple, and anonymous cypherpunks producing a distributed cryptocurrency. Did I mention it was published in 1995?
@_date: 2013-10-03 18:25:12
In that scenario it probably depends on exactly what redwhiteandblue said (I'm not a lawyer). From the description in the complaint it sounds like DPR went looking for a hitman rather than being talked into it by redwhiteandblue, so if thats the case then probably not. OTOH if redwhiteandblue had contacted DPR and said "I hear you got a problem, let me take him out for you" then it might be.
For more details see 
@_date: 2013-09-21 20:51:47
Just been there.
1: Do they sell to non-US people?
2: They are using the Mt Gox price, which is about 10% over the market elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-05-26 14:44:32
If you are in the EU (including the UK) then you want a SEPA transfer, which is a cheap and standardised way of moving money around the Euro area. However this is not available until you are accredited, and its only available for money in Euros.  So:
1: Sell your pounds for bitcoins.
2: Use some of those bitcoins to buy a Yubikey from Mt Gox. Its the best form of authentication security.
3: Transfer the rest of your BTC back to your home computer and keep them safe until you are ready to sell them (see below). Consider a paper wallet or offline computer.
4: Get verified status with Mt Gox. This will mean uploading hi-res scans of some documentation (e.g. passport), and then wait about 10 days.  A nuisance, but they are in enough trouble over unlicensed money transfer as it is.
5: Once you have verified status and your Yubikey, transfer your BTC to Mt Gox and sell them for Euros.
6: Transfer your Euros to your bank account via SEPA.
@_date: 2013-05-31 15:25:24
The big problem for exchanges is chargebacks. Anyone who has tried to offer BTC via credit card payments has been flattened by fraud. 
Under normal circumstances stolen credit card details wholesale for a few dollars each because extracting the money is very difficult; cash machines require a PIN and take your picture, and anything else generally requires you to show ID. This is why money mules are needed to move the currency offshore. But with BTC you don't need money mules; just get someone's credit card details, buy lots of BTC using some kind of anonymous or burnable IP address, and then disappear. Rinse and repeat. The biggest challenge is laundering your BTC, but a mixing service can probably do that.
From the BTC seller's point of view this turns into lots of chargebacks. If your margin as a BTC seller is 1% (plus CC fees of 2-3%) then one chargeback is going to wipe out the income from 100 legitimate trades. Ouch. 
So I don't see Paypal getting into this business; not because they are opposed to BTC on principle, but because you can't make a profit.
@_date: 2013-08-22 06:08:28
In the literal sense the answer is yes, in that various people will have different amounts of money depending on whether Bitcoin succeeds.
In the more general sense of a different pattern of wealth distribution across society, no. Money is money, and capitalism works the same way whether or not you have Bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-12-07 13:42:43
Hey, you don't need a magic-8 ball to see that!
@_date: 2013-12-15 19:42:10
Most jurisdictions (including the whole of the USA and all Europe AFAIK) require anyone in the money services business to comply with anti money laundering laws, generally starting with registration and then going on through all the "know your customer" procedures.
The legal line is when it becomes a business. If I sell some bitcoins to a friend on a one-off basis then that is not a business. But if I advertise (e.g. on Local Bitcoins) and regularly meet clients to trade Bitcoins at a markup then I'm running a business and I'm subject to all the AML rules and regulations.
@_date: 2013-07-03 19:01:28
Yes, but if they can correlate packets going into PIA with packets leaving PIA by timing and length then they can figure out which connection you are using. Once they have that, they have your traffic. They can probably also see packets going via PIA's internal VPN between its nodes, which might also help.
@_date: 2013-06-29 08:51:10
One proviso: the Mt Gox indictment that got their money seized mentioned that they had lied to their bank. If you pick number 4 then it will probably result in nothing, but it might also be picked up in ten years and used against you in a completely irrelevant case. Answer as honestly and blandly as you can.  For instance I would just say that I had bought them as an investment, and future investment decisions depend on market conditions.
@_date: 2013-09-05 19:04:15
What does "voluntarily comply with obligations" mean?
@_date: 2013-05-30 18:30:30
If you have BTC worth $10,000 or more then you need to talk to an accountant about the best way to structure your investment and earnings. Depending on jurisdiction you might be better off creating a company to earn or own them. Once you have a company the difference between earnings and asset appreciation usually disappears, since its the company that is the asset being owned.  But talk to an accountant.
@_date: 2013-07-14 15:52:50
That is only for trading on margin (i.e. borrowing money, investing it, and hoping that losses don't leave you bankrupt). These rules say that if you do that then you need to have the money available. They say nothing about trading with money that you haven't borrowed.
@_date: 2013-07-08 18:47:32
Hmm. Point conceded.
@_date: 2013-12-14 21:52:13
Be careful when discussing Local Bitcoins and similar schemes. It is quite possible that some people buying and selling in person would be considered as running a business and hence breaking the law by being unregistered money changers. Expect bankers to pick up on that.
@_date: 2013-07-03 20:22:42
I've just checked a bunch of VPN providers, and they are all still taking credit cards. Anyone know of any counterexamples?
@_date: 2013-10-04 16:49:01
There is a more important reason that its a fallacy: it means that you have no business plan. If you are starting a business you don't go for 1% of a very big market, you go for 50% of a market that is 2% of the big one. That way you have a plan that aims your limited development spend on a narrow target rather than spreading it all over the place and hoping.
In the case of Andreesen its OK, because his whole point was that he doesn't have a plan yet.
@_date: 2013-05-16 22:02:02
Elevator explanation for Bitcoin: a new kind of electronic cash. No bank account, no card fees, just a digital wallet that can send money anywhere in the world almost instantly over the Internet. Or I can just send it to the cash register in the bar from my smartphone.  Get the app and try it.
@_date: 2013-07-07 20:45:08
Never trust any argument of the form "1% of this huge market". All it means is that the speaker doesn't know what the market really is. 
Case in point: at the present the mega-wealthy have a tried and tested way (Wikileaks aside) to hide their money, so they aren't going to be interested in some weird new digital thing unless it has some big edge. Also from their point of view BTC have the big disadvantage that buying a mere $1M is going to move the market significantly and show up pretty clearly on the blockchain. Aiming for 1% of that market is indistinguishable from aiming for 0% of it.
The thing to do is to identify a smaller market that is not well served by the current financial industry and consider that. In the tax-dodging market I can't help wondering how many people can't afford a British Virgin Islands trust but would nevertheless like to hide a chunk of their wealth from their local tax man.
@_date: 2013-07-13 14:12:30
That is six *business* days, which mostly means 8 calendar days unless you start on a Friday in which case its 10 calendar days.
@_date: 2013-04-24 19:04:00
If I was designing a BTC exchange I'd have multiple levels of wallets, with minimum cash held in those nearest the web and heavy security around the backend wallets, a bit like a bank only having few thousand at the front desk and the rest in the vault. I'd guess this is what Bitcoin-Central have done, and their front end wallets got emptied.
@_date: 2013-06-01 14:05:35
From the context it sounds like the OP is trying to sell his coins to pay bills in fiat.
@_date: 2013-09-12 20:41:10
"I do not have to change the bitcoins we take in back into euro. I can pay my beer supplier, my printer and other goods and services with it already"
This is a key step forwards; its the first time I have seen an account of a Bitcoin-denominated supply chain. In the past anyone spending BTC had to buy it using fiat, and anyone taking BTC had to convert it back to fiat. As long as Bitcoin users were isolated in this way it had no real advantages over conventional ways of paying. But now the frictionless nature of Bitcoins can make those parts of the economy that use it more efficient, which will draw in others, and it will spread. Hold on tight: this is where it begins.
@_date: 2013-12-15 20:53:36
Maybe just be ready to play it both ways: ask for a volunteer (after all the app is in the Google store), but be ready if there isn't one.
@_date: 2013-04-24 21:32:15
Banks have gotten very good at blocking fraud; that is why CC details only cost a couple of dollars each.  BTC transactions are irreversible and you don't know you're vulnerable until its too late. I wouldn't say that muggles shouldn't use BTC at all, but I certainly wouldn't advise them to carry significant amounts without taking major precautions, such as having an old laptop that never gets connected to the Net as their primary wallet.
@_date: 2013-12-21 15:20:18
They were not on CoinMap, so I just added them based on the info on their website. Google Maps gave me a location for 6735 Van Nuys Blvd, Unit A - Van Nuys, CA 91405, and I copied that to the Open StreetMap editor.
@_date: 2013-12-11 08:11:38
No. Potentially ruining someones life over a simple error of judgement is not proportionate.
@_date: 2013-12-15 20:58:05
This is the official word on federal law:
 
There are probably state regulations you need to check as well.  If in doubt then see a lawyer.
@_date: 2013-08-31 09:58:38
One way to look at the Mt Gox price is as a discount reflecting the risk of holding Mt Gox debt. If you have $100 in Mt Gox then you can sell that for BTC at about a 10% discount, suggesting that the market "thinks" that there is only a 90% chance of Mt Gox paying up.
@_date: 2013-11-18 14:41:07
The risk is that they'll be happy to talk to you about closing your account.
@_date: 2013-11-05 18:12:20
Password strength meters can be deceptive. "To be or not to be, that is the question." will probably score quite high, but is such a well known quote that it isn't going to last long.
@_date: 2013-11-17 10:17:36
That is called "structuring" and is basically illegal.
@_date: 2013-06-12 09:22:28
You could always ask the people you need to pay if they will take BTC instead?  Maybe no good for utility bills, but for private transactions (e.g. rent, maybe groceries) it could be an option. It depends why you need to move money into Argentina.
@_date: 2013-09-22 13:41:23
Be aware that if you are doing this as a business then you have to comply with all those anti-money-laundering laws.
OK, so as a retail guy doing a few trades in a coffee shop, you'll probably fly under the radar. But if it starts to be real money, expect a call from your national regulators.
How much is real money? When does it become a business? Thats up to your regulators...
@_date: 2013-06-21 20:15:28
I think you might have hit on something here. For the most part the only people in China currently with the banking access and ready cash to take a punt on BTC are the urban elite. So maybe somewhere in China there is a secret cabal who have bought BTC and are now pumping it to the rest of the country in the hope of cashing out when it goes mainstream.
Or maybe I'm just daydreaming.
@_date: 2013-09-16 17:08:44
Actually, you pay something like 1.5% - 3% every time you f***ing do anything with fiat over the Internet.
@_date: 2013-10-03 14:58:10
If they've got the wallet then they can probably get a court order for seizure of the contents. Unless he can make a 5th Amendment case that revealing the keys would be self incrimination (which, given the nature of a Bitcoin wallet, I don't think he can) then he's just going to be given an order to hand over the keys.
Of course he may have hidden a paper wallet somewhere, or have a brain wallet with a sufficiently long and complex passphrase that it won't get brute-forced in the next decade or two. As long as he can recover the paper wallet or remember the pass phrase for that long, he can keep the money away from the Feds.
These things are not trivial. Before WW2 broke out Alan Turing buried a stash of silver somewhere, but then forgot the exact location. As far as any one knows its still there.
@_date: 2013-12-21 15:02:17
Unfortunately there is probably not a lot you can do. You were scammed. Neteller is probably not at fault: the scammer used a hacked or bogus account and the owner rightly wants their money back. Someone has to be the one who loses the money, and according to the rules that someone is you.
Having said that, £85k is a lot of money, enough to be worth pursuing. File a police report. Try to trace the BTC. If you can trace them to an exchange, give that info to the police. They can get the exchange to give them the details of the customer account in question.
You may get lucky and have a detective actively hunt this guy, or you might just get to file a report with no action even when you tell them the perp's address. The perp has probably ripped off other people, so it may go into the hundreds of k$ in total. If you can trace other related activity through the blockchain then thats good.
But you aren't likely to get much money back, if anything.
Update: others have pointed out you were likely in violation of KYC and AML laws. So the cops will probably take your statement, bust you for the laws you just admitted breaking, and stick your complaint in the pending file.
@_date: 2013-07-14 14:31:39
I agree that going from USD/EUR to BTC to Shillings is going to struggle to compete with WU. But now the option is available two things are going to happen:
1: Some in the Kenyan diaspora will find a cheap/simple way to get BTC. Expatriates tend to cluster and people who know the cluster tend to provide useful services, so an informal exchange for less than WU rates is likely to happen.
2: Once someone in Kenya receives BTC they may start wondering why they should bother changing it into Shillings.  Why not just pay for stuff in BTC? At that point BTC goes viral.
@_date: 2013-09-21 14:41:12
The problem is money laundering regulations, which make financial intermediaries liable for the misdeeds of their customers, and under some circumstances even their customers customers. This has made all financial institutions leery of anything out of the ordinary. Since Bitcoin is both out of the ordinary and linked in the media with money laundering and drug deals, any sane bank manager (or equivalent) will forego the business in return for a quiet life.
@_date: 2013-08-25 10:33:07
A vending machine is going to need to wait for verification, which rather defeats the point of instant sale.
The QR code might be embedded in the meter in such a way that a pasted replacement code is immediately obvious. For instance, it could be behind a glass window, or even behind a small lens that you hold your camera up to. Combine this with a prominent notice warning against scanning any QR code that is merely stuck on, and its going to be difficult for a fraudster to replace the code with their own. Its also going to be rapidly obvious if someone tries it because people will phone to complain that they paid the charge but didn't get the parking validated.
@_date: 2013-12-07 13:41:55
Mr Wang, if you are reading this, can I suggest you write your thoughts up as a ten page investment report and sell it at 1BTC per copy? I think you would earn quite a few.
Seriously, many thanks for your intelligent and informed commentary.
@_date: 2013-09-16 17:12:54
Two things:
1: They take a 9% commission, on top of whatever spread cost they get from issuing a market order.
2: How do they prevent chargebacks?  Maybe that is why they only take payment from within Sweden.
@_date: 2013-07-11 22:02:56
Because Bitcoin is the only cash equivalent that runs over the net (except for Litecoin et al). So unless you go for physical meetups via localbitcoin its the only way you can do it.
@_date: 2013-04-26 16:31:21
I absolutely agree that hardware wallets are the solution; an old laptop is just a stopgap.
@_date: 2013-10-03 15:04:58
Not necessarily. Entrapment is when the policeman talks you into doing something you wouldn't normally do. If they can show that they just asked you for drugs, and you sold it to them, and they saw someone else buy drugs from you as well, then its not entrapment.
There is obviously a grey boundary around the concept, but in this case its pretty clear that facilitating drug deals was DPRs regular business.
@_date: 2013-06-01 14:17:58
Your question doesn't quite make it clear; are your coins in your wallet on your computer, or are they on Coinbase? I'm going to assume that they are in your wallet and you are trying but failing to move them to Coinbase in order to sell them.
Can you create a second wallet on your PC and move the coins into that? That would help determine whether your problem is with your wallet or with Coinbase.
Second, look up your wallet address on  to see how many coins the Blockchain thinks are in there and what transactions have happened. If someone has stolen your coins then your wallet might not know about it, which would mean you would see your wallet attempt to create a transaction which then doesn't confirm.
If you can't figure it out then post your wallet address here and ask for help (but be aware that everyone will then be able to connect your transaction history to your Reddit account, just in case you have anything in there you would rather not advertise).
@_date: 2013-07-14 10:51:17
The point about fractional reserve banking is that if I have 100BTC in the bank and the bank lends out 50 of them then those 50 bitcoins are in two places at once: they are in the hands of the borrower AND they are also in my account, because I can always withdraw 100 BTC at any time.
Of course if everyone suddenly decides to withdraw their money then the whole illusion collapses. But until that point it works very well indeed.
@_date: 2013-12-19 22:52:06
I should point out that the filter is optional and can be turned off. And there have been plenty of stories in the press about how random and ineffective the filters are.
@_date: 2013-12-21 23:12:13
Understand the pain points for your boss with the way things are done today. For instance, if you are in the US then one problem car dealerships have is with reversible payments: someone pays by cheque or credit card, drives off in a car, and then the payment gets reversed because it was fraudulent. So the dealer has to insist on a cashiers cheque, which is extra cost and rigmarole for the customer, and is also an interval during which they might get cold feet and want to back out of the deal. Bitcoins are instant and irreversible. End of problem.
@_date: 2013-10-03 15:18:48
For me, these murder for hire charges are the point where DPR crossed the line. He claimed to be creating a new anarchist environment where government thuggery was impossible, but as soon as someone crossed him he appointed himself judge and jury and hired an executioner with a side order of torture.
@_date: 2013-12-07 19:19:42
One good reason for customers to use Bitcoin: they can be sure that you aren't going to take any more money from their cards, either as plain fraud by dishonest employees or by you under the guise of "subscription fees" or similar. Not to suggest that you personally would, but this is a common form of con trick that comes in shades of grey from the completely dishonest at one extreme to the only slightly underhand "free one month trial" where you have to remember to cancel the trial to avoid being charged.
@_date: 2013-07-12 15:53:20
Frankly I wouldn't. Never mix money with friends or family.