@_author: pauljohax
@_date: 2017-01-19 07:12:22
I have never been involved in any negative transaction. I only had positives. 5 stars! more than 40 over the last few months. Since i started around august i was forced to use purse.io since they are the only ones converting MTURK gift card balance. I agree with you after two bad experiences I normally would not go back.
Their system works most of the times. But they refuse to improve the errors. Several I wrote them about. They also ignore emails. Ignore polite chat. 
And what happened with the disabling of my account is absolutely ridiculous.  
I want to warn people. For two things. One is that they refuse to improve their errors. So they are not into long-term business! And two is that they have no address, no real names. no last names. No phone number, nothing. Only an anonymous chat. If you lose your bitcoins you have nowhere to go.
@_date: 2017-01-19 15:52:11
Hello , my user name is paul johax. My email is pjwegbrands Please check this. After this happened i made a new second account and did a transaction. The transaction went well . The package was delivered and I received the bitcoins. But now I cant withdraw my bitcoins. Now today all of a sudden that account is disabled aswell! I contacted support and was told only that is was disabled because my account was flagged as suspicious. Only one sentence in the email. No explanation no excuse nothing. But suspicious of what? Disabled again?? What is going on?  I am a normal person trying to convert my MTURK money. I have done nothing wrong. Never had any complaints. Never a negative or bad transaction! 
@_date: 2017-01-21 15:17:32
ok. as you can see. no reaction anymore by the PURSE staff. I told in the original post: do not use PURSE.IO and i explained why. the purse.io person first reacts fake friendly and is now hiding for whatever question. Think about the bitcoins they don´t release
@_date: 2017-01-19 20:17:59
I only received one sentence message . It was from a guy called Eduardo.  WHAT IS WRONG? 
WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG? WHAT DID I DO TO YOU?
WHY DO YOU STEAL MY BITCOINS??????
WHY DO YOU STEAL MY BITCOINS????????????
@_date: 2017-01-19 16:10:32
important to add:
I opened up a second account a few days ago. 
It is the only way to convert MTURK money so I had to.
I did a succesfull transaction and received the bitcoins. i withdrew them. then I did a second transaction which also went succesfull and received the bitcoins yesterday.
But before I could cash them out today that account was disabled as well!!
I contacted support why I could not withdrawl. I got a reaction of only a few words  that it was because the system had flagged my account as suspicious.
Immediately after that message the contact support button has been disabled as well! With my bitcoins in the account.  
My bitcoins now are in the account and I can not take them out! Also, I can not support contact in the account anymore. And I got no explanation why or what I can do. 
I now emailed them and reacted here to the purse.io poster. I got no reaction yet.
This money is very important for me. Also the account is important since I can not convert MTURK money otherwise.
I hope to get a response soon.
 if it is not by the purse.io person in this post here than I will post it myself.
@_date: 2017-01-19 07:01:37
my usernams was/is: pauljohax. my email registered with the account: pjwegbrands  Please reply also here in public and not just in private so people can see i am not lying or exagerating.
@_date: 2017-01-22 01:56:30
ok I did for the emails. 
this is the link.
It is two from the emails I send and the only one email that they have send.
 Before you read it know this: 
my account was disabled without any email from them.
 Not before, not after. No warning had happened before in any sort of form. 
I had done nothing wrong within the account or with the account. I had 40+ positive 5 star transactions. never any complaint!, technically nothing has been wrong with the account. Nothing. No errors or whatsoever.
This reaction of this Eduardo appears to be a simple sentence for example in a long conversation. But it is not.
 It is the only email I ever received from him.
never any other emails or communication in messages on their at all. Nothing.
My problem is that I cannot convert my Mturk money now because they were the only option. That is why I kept trying to be friendly to them. That is why i kept trying here to make contact with purse.and thats why I post this email etc. And for the bitcoins in they stole with the account 
Another person would have stopped and never ever used purse again weeks ago. Maybe even given up on the bitcoins and just moved on with his life.
Anybody else would have quit purse if they had there account blocked without explanation and no reaction to any communication by their customerservice. 
if purse had made a mistake or if there was a technical  problem with the account or if I had done somthing wrong they could have mailed that. 
You know I was scammed on a website called  when I got bitcoins for the first time. I lost them all. I reported this to the FBI. But they could do nothing for me.
I now never expected am American start up company, that is working linked with Amazon, to do the same scams
But now I have discovered that they are not Americans but Asian, Russians and one in South America. Now I start to understand it.
@_date: 2017-01-21 19:32:02
ok. does the purse supporter react?
why not? you think? why dont they react?
because I am worng?
did they react before?
did they explain why those accounts are blocked?
did they explain anything?
did they give any reason?
 ask yourself that first.  You know they dod not react after only being fake friendly here.
second: how can I now provide the details from my disabled account? i can not get in that account now.
 I can only show the email conversation. With their ridiculous non profesional, emails.
so that I wil try to do. But I think this has little value without my account details.
I can not put the first messages sent from inside the account. And i really like to. so you can see that nothing was or is wrong with the account at all!!
If the purse.io person reads this, which I am sure they do sneaky, they hereby have my permission!!! Purse.io: hereby you have my persmission to publish any message or any other detail about my account what ever you like.
You may publish anything!!! any detail any fact about my account!!!!
 They are only a very small company with a few people.
  I know they read this but they are cowards affraid to react because they are thieves they just steal my bitcoins and they dont react to any message. the cowards. The thieves. 
Be very carefull. I advice if you can do not trade with them anymore.
You see what happens!
@_date: 2017-01-19 21:07:23
if you want to i like to show you the email communication. And my account.I like to show you.  So you can see they hardly communicate. That thet just wrote two, one sentence, emails.
I warn you be very very careful. Now they have stolen my bitcoins. I will have to take serious action now to get them .And the most frustrating is that there is no reason for this. Not problems on teh account or whatsoever. They do not communicate. So what to do now?  
@_date: 2017-08-02 21:23:15
thanks i am already using that. But Paxful has very very high fees for most transactions! the vendors ask things like 20-30 % its crazy
@_date: 2017-01-21 20:32:07
I have made screenshots from the emails. But how can I post them here?
If here is no option I can forward them to you by email.
They are very short, since they only answered twice in one sentence! 
I know you cant do much more. I really appreciate your support and from the others here. 
I have one important question before I am going to take action:
what would you do if they without reason or explanation disabled your account with your bitcoins in it. and then they ignored you. You send them polite emails and stay ignored. 
then you make a post here , that purse person first reacts fake friendly, and then stays silent. Does not respond to any question.
What would you do then?
Then after a week i got one reaction. A one s
entence email: 
your account was flagged as suspious and disabled. 
no explanation. No what to do. or what they were gonna do. Or what would happen with my bitcoins.
I 
@_date: 2017-01-19 20:16:38
I JUST GOT A MESSAGE: only one sentence:
WE WILL NOT REINSTATE YOUR ACCOUNT. thats all and now they have stolen my bitcoins.
No explanation at all. No reason why my account is not reinstated. There has been nothing wrong with my acocunt I have done nothing wrong  I had 40 positive transactions.
What can I do? What can I do to get my bitcoins?
@_date: 2017-01-22 03:31:33
I want you to understand that is even worse than you think it is. 
because there was and still is no email at all! None. Zero emails on the closing of the account with the 40 plus transactions. 
the 12th of january that was disabled. And not before and not after has there ever been any mail or response. And on every email I send about it has been no response at all!
This email is only after I opened the second account several days after my first account was closed. Mainly because I thought I could only reach their support and force a reaction from within an account.  They have no phone number. I Googled them and there is nothing. Try it. No address, no phone nothing.
This second account also had nothing wrong nothing absolutely nothing at all. Nothing technical. Nothing in their policy. No wrong transaction, No negative transaction. 
 This next IMGUR is not an email from her but the message: THE ONLY message they ever send in the second purse account itself, that then comes send through to my email inbox. Because in that new second account I can still log in. But I cannot use it nor withdraw the bitcoins I have there.They have also disabled that the exact night immediately after my post on Reddit here!!!!!!!!!
@_date: 2017-01-19 20:57:42
Well now ther ei seven more proof. They just stole all my bitocins. I got anemail without any text. No explanation. No normal business email. Just on eline: we will not reinstate your account. I can show also the other emails. But they also did not contain any text. just another email with on sentence. they did not give any reason why my account i disabled. NO REASON. nothing. they just disabled it. No reason. I am very very frustrated and angry. This money was important to me. Also the tranactions were important to me. If i do not get any more reaction today i will go and take serious action. i will do everything to get my bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-01-19 06:52:55
thanks for the many reactions. I did not expect that.
I saw that someone from PURSE.IO reacted here 
and asked me for my username to look into it, 
I suggest to do that publicly here. 
So people can see I am not lying or exagerating or that I am a beginner.
My username was: PaulJohax. I have done over 40 trades since I started a few months ago.
I only had all positive transactions. 
Always got the 5 star rating! I used double tracking. i send messages. i used Amazon prime. I was one of the best persons to sell to on the site!
Please look into it and reply here in this post about it, not just in private. 
You may show the people the exact conversation that took place.
And you may show people my trading results. 
I posted this message especially for future users looking for reviews.
The way my account was disabled is a big warning for them.
I hope the person from PURSE.IO that reacted here can tell more about it.
But besides my case the important thing is that the way they communicate is very bad.
They do not have a phone. And maybe more companies dont have. But also they don´t have an address.
they dont have an office address but also no address to refer to at all. Nothing.
they also sign all email and all chat without their names. 
All of them. Only their first names.
If they block your account with your bitcoins you just lose them. 
And they often do not react to email or chat.  
My account got disabled totally false and I had nothing except one general email adress on which they half the time did not respond.
I am glad to see someone from PURSE reacting here. 
That person is acknowledging the value of their customers. 
@_date: 2017-01-19 06:54:32
yes. whatever you like to see.. 
@_date: 2017-05-07 09:26:31
I want USD or Euro in an E wallet. not cash, not in bank. But Skrill or Neteller, etc.
I will checkout Kraken, never heard of it. Thanks
@_date: 2017-05-07 19:21:15
thanks. I am using Paxful now. Do you know that? But the vendors there charge me money to sell my bitcoins for Skrill or Neteller which i think is crazy. 