@_author: paulgoldstein
@_date: 2018-09-25 22:31:49
We don't have any of those agreements in place yet, but it's a good idea. We do use a fairly high mining fees (above the estimated values returned by bitcoin node) to help out, but that could get expensive for us in times of congestion, so your suggestion is a good one.
@_date: 2018-09-25 12:09:02
Here is a link to the [english translation]( from Google Translate.
Full disclosure: I'm the owner/creator of [Chainstamp]( which is referenced in the article. Chainstamp is a bitcoin based timestamping service (we post transactions to bitcoin using op_return hashes as timestamps). 
It is great to see businesses starting to use public blockchains to get the full benefits of proof of work permanence and public traceability. In this case United Risk Management is extracting some data from their database, creating pdfs, and timestamping those in the bitcoin blockchain using Chainstamp. Later those pdfs (which record truck movements) can be shown to others and proven that they have not been altered.
A bit about Chainstamp. Yes there are other timestamping services, however, ours is quite simple to use, works on mobile, requires no registration or even email*, offers both paid and free services, we take BTC or credit card via stripe (*note: entering an email is optional if you want to get notified after confirmation, or required if you use Stripe to pay with credit card).
Chainstamp hosts its [website code]( on github for its front end, and a Spring REST API is used on a back-end server, which is the same machine as the full bitcoin node used to perform the bitcoin transactions. We use prunable op_return outputs to record the timestamps. Using Chainstamp, none of your files will be seen by our server (check the code on github or watch your network tab in developer mode), only the sha256 hash of your files is shared. We offer a free service for low priority timestamping, but the paid services are faster including an option for immediate tx submission.
@_date: 2018-05-07 22:36:22
I am getting ready to jump ship now as well, but not happy about it. Spent time developing and testing with [test.bitpay.com]( Now I hear you cannot do business with companies based in CT??  Also you team will not even divulge what states you can do business in. Does it work at all in the US? Which states? 
Your system wants us to have our website up and available for registration but we require payments operational for launch, we want to launch when we are ready to accept payments. So that is a total catch 22 right there. 
Plus I know 100&amp; of companies in CT that have bitpay accounts that have not been deactivated. So what gives?
I understand Bitpay has its hands full with legal regulations, but I cannot understand why you don't tell people signing up what states it works with and what states not and why other companies in my state \(CT\) have bitpay accounts that are active.
So maybe your compliance team is not being 100&amp; straight up. Please help if you can.
@_date: 2019-03-28 10:05:02
I'm aware of it. There are things I like about it and don't like about it. You have to maintain ots files and you have to update them are 2 things I don't like. I do like the fact that if you are concerned the 32 byte hash of a file reveals something, that this problem is solved in that system, but there are other solutions to that problem (and few face this issue).
@_date: 2019-03-28 10:24:15
You can rewrite anything in 6 months with 5 devs :)
@_date: 2019-03-27 23:09:37
shhhh don't tell the execs, but timestamping is done on the Bitcoin blockchain with a bitcoin transaction.
@_date: 2019-03-27 23:22:37
also, interesting factoid. One author was referenced 3 times in the Bitcoin whitepaper. No not Adam Back, but Scott Stornetta who wrote among other things "How to time-stamp a digital document". 
@_date: 2019-03-27 23:06:25
There is a free version and paid versions. Free version is set to take 3-6 hrs, next level is $1.99 for 1-2 hrs, then $7.99 for immediate submission (10min to confirmation on avg.).
Yes all hashes in text form in space delimited file. Final hash is just hash of that data.
@_date: 2019-03-27 01:23:14


Yeah people don't really have much of a clue, but that's why I say start with something simple, like timestamping some documents. I was at a meeting the other day and a guy was asking me how to use blockchain tech when the company doesn't want to have any interaction with outside entities. So 100% internal use like a private chain instead of database, for most things isn't the way to go. Still companies do struggle keeping things consistent across different systems, maybe they can learn something after all.
@_date: 2019-03-28 22:47:54
It sounds like you are fine with losing (like nobody has a copy) the tx details (inputs, outputs). I don't think that is a widely held view, but who knows, maybe you are correct. Time will tell. 
But since you have an effective way to prune today (pruning spent and unspendable outputs), and since you feel like there will be effective ways to prune and still be able to sync, then it means any one person can indeed keep a copy of those txs (with their details) and be able to prove (via merkle proof) that the tx was part of the chain at that time.
So I'm not sure that the issue you have with op\_return data then. Anyway good day. Happy pruning.
@_date: 2019-03-28 09:51:28


Yes, been here a while, well aware of the different sides. Pruning effects all spent transactions as well, so it is not a financial thing vs non-financial thing when it comes to pruning. It just so happens you can also prune unspendable outputs like op-returns as well as the already spent txs. Hopefully we won't lose the history of already spent txs as well. Do you think we will lose ability to sync from genesis block?
Keep in mind that I can store the timestamps for a million files in a single 32 byte output. So the impact is extremely minimal, like nothing, when operated at scale. 
@_date: 2019-03-27 03:43:52
meeting\_minutes.pdf is the name of a file you want to timestamp. 
The sha256 hash of that file is sent to a server which then combines that hash with other hashes (after a waiting period) to create a final hash and then creates a bitcoin transaction with that final hash in as an op\_return in the tx. It's hashes all the way down. Email is actually optional. 
@_date: 2018-03-10 13:25:36
First sorry for your loss, but  I have a few questions that might help get to the bottom of this:
* You have mentioned this "lockbox" and "lockbox in my room" a few times. You did not say "lockbox in my house" for example. Do you live in an apartment, a dorm room or a house? 
* How can you be sure the lockbox wasn't broken into (probably not hard to pick)?
* was your seed sealed in an envelope inside the lockbox or any other thing that would reveal tampering?
* What firmware version did you have on Trezor when funds were stolen?
@_date: 2019-01-17 16:59:58
Free service submits every 3 hours and bundles any timestamps in a single op_return output which is prunable. Simple level also bundles into single utxo and requies a small fee to discourage indiscriminate use. Only pro level is immediate per user utxo and has larger fee payable in BTC. 
So bloat is at a minimum. Hope you are not really against businesss charging fee for service. 
@_date: 2018-03-11 03:22:52
Ok, thanks. It seems like the most likely scenarios are:
* Trezor was purchased from fake Trezor site (believe me hackers can create very good fake sites. I saw a bitmain fake once which was very good). Do you have the site in your browser history? Can you paste some details like url used?
* Seed was compromised. Was seed generated by Trezor device and words only shown on Trezor device (not pc) and were written on paper and never electronically, and no photos or copies of seed words were taken? Is there anybody else (other people that use the house) that could be culprits?
* Trezor was compromized by pre-1.5.2 hack which can reveal seed words if someone has physical access to your Trezor.
Other questions:
Why do you think this "chat" with the Hotel scam thing had anything to do with anything (except for the timing)? Why would a chat compromise a Trezor device that was not even connected at the time (or was it)? Did you use Trezor after or during chat?
Also wasn't 4BTC stolen not 3.78? (title of post said 4 but text said 3.78, transaction you linked to showed your original Output had 4btc and that was sent to 2 other addresses).
@_date: 2018-02-15 15:02:55
Has anyone found their documentation for this? Like what the webhooks send and how to verify, if they support testnet payments, etc.
@_date: 2018-02-14 16:23:41
Website looks great ( haven't downloaded the app yet). Did you build the site yourself as well? 