@_author: pavelbains
@_date: 2018-01-16 05:17:09
What is that over-valued based on? This is all new ground. Maybe this is the base? Maybe this is the peak? The key thing is no one knows and people like Buffet need to pour water on something they don't understand. 
@_date: 2017-09-12 06:24:11
Nicely thought out. If everyone was able to take a portion of their wage in BTC then you'll see even faster adoption. One of the things that hold BTC from really taking off is that people don't get paid in it so they can't easily use it to pay for things. If a community sees that the people there are getting paid part in BTC then the merchants will start accepting BTC. Then everything gets bigger.
@_date: 2017-09-18 03:05:13
Well put. Not everything has to be an extreme or polarizing take. China can see this is the future and wants to determine a way to best benefit everyone and protect their citizens. 
@_date: 2017-09-10 23:51:39
Totally. A friend of mine who got interested in Bitcoin because I told him about it called me the other day saying BTC was the lover that got away. Because he didn't participate even a little bit. But I told him we are just getting into the second inning. He already understands the fundamentals and should now look into what is really happening in regards to a true crypto/blockchain ecosystem. 
It will be a few years before the world really sees the power of decentralized applications and a decentralized internet. Then people will realize that cryptocurrencies are a fuel to make all the applications work much smoother. 
Let's look at Apple's App Store. They take 30% of the cut from all the developers. The Charts and Features are pretty arbitrary even though Apple claims it's not (I know this for a fact as we experienced that). Apple controls how the money comes in and how it's distributed. A token/crypto based system would allow funds to move much better between the buyers and sellers. Ofcourse that's only one of the many benefits but you get my point. 