@_author: pavilionio
@_date: 2014-11-21 23:35:41
Hi! Thank you for your interest in our product. We recently launched at DEMO 2014 in San Jose and people have expressed visible enthusiasm for what we're doing.
In a nutshell we're trying to make escrow cheaper, faster and easier, building atop the security of the Bitcoin multi-signature system and releasing funds (USD or bitcoin) automatically upon a package being delivered via shipping provider APIs. 
As of now, anyone worldwide can use our product as a "stand-alone" application on our website, pavilion.io. Soon we will offer the product only as a plugin on  e-commerce sites like Ebay, Amazon and Alibaba to secure purchases on those platforms.  
We encourage people to use the stand-alone version to get the word out about our simple automatic escrow release function for sale of goods. Its free (other than a pass-through credit card fee for USD payments), easy-to-use and requires no login. Great for all exchange transactions in particular with sellers that are unknown! Please leave your questions and comments here.  Thanks all. 
Happy Exchanging, 
Pavilion Team
@_date: 2014-12-07 18:31:08
Nice product! Check out our P2SH 2-of-3 multisignature trustless exchange at pavilion.io.  
How it works?  
@_date: 2014-11-21 23:51:28
Steps to Trustless Exchange
1.  Buyer or Seller initiates transaction via simple form on pavilion.io, chooses whether exchange involves USD or BTC payment, and chooses whether funds are released upon package sent or delivered.
2. Email to each party auto-generated instructing buyer where to send funds and seller where to ship goods.  
3.  Buyer sends bitcoin or USD to escrow. 
4. Escrow released upon shipping provider API confirming shipment or, as the case may be, delivery. 
5. If shipment/delivery is not confirmed by shipping provider API in 14 days, funds revert to buyer automatically using NLocktime function in Bitcoin protocol.  
How is Trustless Exchange different than other escrow sites for exchange of money for goods transactions?
Pavilion uses advanced blockchain technology including P2SH 2-of-3 multisignature escrow release transactions and smart wallets to enable automatic escrow release in accordance with predetermined inputs of exchange parties.  For simplicity, our funds tracker displays at all times location of funds via feed from Bitcoin blockchain.  To automate USD payments, we use Stripe and a token representation of the escrow sent to a smart wallet that we call a Satoshi Token. 