@_author: pavs
@_date: 2018-06-12 13:39:18
I never understood zealots.
Cryptocoin-zealots: In initial idea from the founders was almost definitely well-intentioned. But poorly-thought-out. The currents world economy financial system is probably not ideal and sure it can be and should be improved on. The solution is not crypto coin. The solution is to change the policymakers. At the end of the day, the government can wake up tomorrow morning and ban all forms of cryptocurrency and you are fucked. And the unregulated financial system doesn't work, it never worked - it will never work. The current system works for the most part. It has problems but it works. You can't expect to replace it with a system that's schizophrenic at best, without any regulation or central control. How is bitcoin trading any different from share-trading or gambling?
We also have Tesla-Zealots, that subreddit reads a lot like this subreddit. Any opinion that doesn't align with the mob mentality will be downvoted to oblivion. Yes, Electric Car is a great idea, but you are still offloading dirty energy production to the grid owners and also increasing total energy consumption. We see people maxing their credit cards to buy cars they can't afford, to feel good about something that will most likely kill you anyways.  
The Privacy-Zealots. The whole internet is controlled by NOC or datacenters. If it's not your government social media sites or search engines or you email providers, it's probably your ISP or operating system developer or chip designer. It's always been about control, installing privacy badger and ublock-origin and privacy badger ain't gonna shit when there is government mandated information sharing on every level on the internet, including the hardware in your home. Or your shiny new phone.
Sorry for the rant. Don't be a zealot. If you want to make a difference, target the top so the rules and regulations can be changed into something that you think will benefit most people. Because buying a $5 from an obscure store in an obscure location ain't gonna do shit.
@_date: 2018-06-12 12:52:59
yes, your 5 dollars sandwich is going to fuck the banks.
@_date: 2018-06-12 12:59:19
If cryptocurrency is the brick that the house is built on, I would be afraid to wake up the next morning to find half my house gone.