@_author: pax_americana_
@_date: 2019-08-07 04:58:23
Ok, so how is it not "deceptive semantics" that one party creates a "fixed"asset and tries to talk it up?
I Hodl some bitcoin. I'm betting that it will whether the next crash better than gold. But I don't pretend they aren't playing the same game.
Currency is an investment. It has a similar risk/reward curve.If you think a currency made by "the internet" is inherently better than "currencies made by things that can kill people." Your wrong. We just can't be sure who those people are in the future.
@_date: 2019-08-07 03:42:56
Except not. China says "the exchange rate if X yuan to the US dollar is set" Is different from saying "We will loan money at this rate." The acceptance of the second drives the choice. The first is just a demand.  
Also, there is the renminbi vs yuan thing. Which is its own ball of wax.
@_date: 2019-12-05 22:02:20
It really is, as is most of this sub.  
I just pay attention because it's an interesting experiment in people emotions. And an uncorrelated asset.
@_date: 2019-12-05 23:14:39
Very true. Echo chambers everywhere. I don't know if it works, but sticking my head in a bunch of them might give me a clue.
@_date: 2018-04-05 23:35:05
Except cypto as it exists now has no interest in a mechanism to combat volatility, which makes it interesting as a hedge, or for pure speculation, but terrible as a currency. Same goes for gold.
The fiat US dollar and the federal reserve is the greatest gift the US has given its people and the world. Before they both existed, what we call recessions were called Panics. Because that's what happens to poorly planned monetary systems when things go south.
@_date: 2018-04-06 14:55:05
Actually, its interesting you choose to bring up the Euro, because its recent large shit was a correction that brought it very close to its 10 year average. Yes, it does fluctuate a bit. But it is in the interest of both controlling governments for there to be a measure of stability. And they have, and use, many tools to make that happen.
For you to call government backed currencies "very volatile" in defense of crypto iscompletely lacking in perspective.
Its true that anyone can create a new fiat currency. But what would yours be backed by? When most people talk about fiat, they mean government backed fiat. The US could declare your fiat or your crypto illegal and there is nothing you could do about that. As you say, guns and bombers are what make the USD special. But saying thats "the only thing" both insults the raw enforcement power of the government, and ignores all the other tools in place to provide stability for that currency.
Bitcoin on the other hand is inherently deflationary, has no monetary policy, and is generally not seen as a currency in itself, but an asset that everyone who HODLs it prays will not have its value vanish before they can exchange it for real currency.
@_date: 2018-04-06 04:09:20
No, you are volatile to the USD, that's your problem.
I really hope the EU stabilizes and can hold it together. I hope SE Asia does something similar. The only redeeming quality of  American hegemony is that it is superior to all other possible geo-political positions at this time.
And gold and bitcoin are worse than IOU's by a stable government. Anyone can make crypto, and the moment someone mines off earth, precious metals will stop being so. Unless they pull the stunt De Beers did with diamonds. Fiat currency by a relatively stable power is superior to commodities as a currency. 
@_date: 2018-04-06 15:01:15
Actually, look at the 10 year average on the USD/eur exchange rate, sure, it fluctuates but it reverts to the mean regularly. And lets not pretend that the value of gold doesn't fluctuate at lot as well. Its value is also largely based on peoples faith in it.
Within a given country internal inflation not the exchange rate is what really matters.
@_date: 2018-04-06 17:10:07
What I'm saying is that statement is not really a policy in the way that the fed says "We intend to maintain inflation at 3%" How many bitcoins there are says nothing about plans to manage value or volatility. "We intend to have 21 million btc" says nothing about the larger economy, which any good currency should serve.
You keep going back to zimbabwe, but that was a highly corrupt government with no respect for its economy. I'm not holding crypto to account for the sins of bitconnect. I think it reasonable that we keep the focus on both sides to the larger, more stable players.
And lets be clear, I have no problem treating bitcoin or any of the existing crypto systems as securities or assets, I can accept a place there for them. But as a currency, it needs to do two things first.
It needs to stabilize. And then it needs to demonstrate the ability to mitigate shocks to its system. Only then will buyers and sellers be willing to use them for transactions. Until then most of the interest in it will be speculation, just like gold.
So I did take a look at the usd to gbp and euro exchange rates over the last two years. The gbp exchange had some pretty big swings, but not on the election or inauguration day. What exchange are you referring to?
@_date: 2018-04-06 16:03:52
To your first point, yes bitcoin survives if its banned in India. But to those Indians it now only has value as a black market commodity. Iran banning the USD isn't the same because it was never intended to be thier currency. Its the US's. In fact the US generally doesn't like it when other countries peg their currency to the dollar.
"The monetary policy for bitcoin is very clear there are 21 million and that’s it"
That's not a policy, that just a set artificial scarcity. A policy would be something like "We intend to maintain the supply of bitcoin at such a level that common consumer transactions do not fall below the minimum transaction size" But for the reasons you said above, that can't exist. You have to get the majority to agree to every change.
"The volatility argument against crypto has zero basis." When Bitcoin's value over the last year went up to over 10x is starting price and then fall 3x from there just because its expensive to transfer between other currencies, this isn't going to go anywhere useful.
Thank you for taking this time to explain your position.
@_date: 2018-04-06 14:57:08
Anyone can issue fiat, but the guns mentioned give the government the ability to enforce its use. Which does make government backed fiat special.
All crypto is a single law away from losing all its value outside the black market