@_author: paxful_bitcoin
@_date: 2016-08-17 09:28:59
* Paxful's average volume is around $20.00 USD.
* The average Paxful user uses their bitcoin in amounts usually from $1.50-$2.21
* A majority of Paxful users are single mothers trying to post up ads to pay their bills.
* The vast majority of Paxful vendors do their own KYC of customers for large amounts over $200.
Paxful is popular because we actually listen to people. 
We take the time to know our customers and took all their feedback, no matter how harsh it may have been, and built a system that makes using bitcoin EASY. This is why Paxful is the 4th biggest wallet by number of transactions. People use us because Paxful is useable for a normal person.
If you want to launder money there are many ways to do it but Paxful would be one of the worst, slowest and most inefficient methods for moving large amounts of laundered money.
@_date: 2016-08-05 06:32:15
@_date: 2016-04-15 22:35:17
Paxful will be back up later this evening. Please check our twitter feed. We are working with our ISP to restore service.
Apologies and thank you.
@_date: 2016-04-12 14:31:19
We have some insider info here....
Turns out the guy in charge of this operation was really abrasive to officials and they came down on him. We have found Estonian authorities to be very helpful and polite and so have many others
Paxful moved to Estonia 7 months ago after the BitLicense and we can say that this is an isolated case and that Estonia is a great place for bitcoin companies and startups in general! We have grown our team to seven and found some truly amazing talent and support. Estonia is one of the best places for startups because the cost of living is low, internet is awesome, startup community is thriving and developers abound for half the price. There are also some big bitcoin operations here. Paxful is just one of them.
Go easy on Estonia guys, this isn't the whole story... and stay tuned for our affiliate program it will pay out 1000% more than anything else!
ps. girls are super cute, air is fresh, nature is the best in europe and alot more!
@_date: 2016-04-20 14:48:00
You can always buy it peer to peer direct from other person and instantly. But since debit cards are reversible, vendor would most likely require from you a copy of your ID and picture of the debit card (don't worry you can cover all numbers except 4 last numbers). Find all offers here
@_date: 2015-12-16 17:16:54
We have noticed how business savvy, and tech savvy certain members of the community are , many of whom are now vendors on Paxful. They offer the best customer support and really care about helping people. Good business people. 
Bitcoin empowers a whole new level of business for a class of people that has thus far been "invisible". Inspiring.
@_date: 2015-12-18 19:28:45
Hi, We're doing awesome.
Paxful now does over 5% of the blockchain volume by transaction count and it is growing rapidly.
We've helped mint over 50,000 new bitcoiners and have a growing army of the most awesome vendors, many of which are single moms that have found a new career selling bitcoins and are doing better than ever!
We were just featured on NPR and market watch in a documentary about the BackPage Effect.   
Big things are coming as the BackPage effect has taught us so much that we are about to launch some huge new initiatives to bring bitcoin to the mainstream. Stay tuned, 2016 is going to be awesome.
Rock on!
@_date: 2015-12-16 16:46:53
We started Paxful because we knew that Bitcoin could really help the people who needed it most.
The people who struggle to pay their bills, who don't have bank accounts, who pay more to PAY than the rich. These are the "invisible classes" that many people want to ignore but they are all around us and struggling now more than ever. We started Paxful because we actually thought bitcoin could help these people. Backpage is a perfect example. Every day we help thousands of people get around the moralistic financial sanctions imposed on them by banks. This makes a very real difference in their lives as they can now feed their families and pay their rent.
We appreciate that rich folks want to get into bitcoin and that is great but they don't really need the help, the people we help truly do need help and we take the time to let them know that we care. Our CEO has been on the phone with them for months and it showed us just how important this really is.  We learned so much from them and when the mainstream comes to Bitcoin we will be ready and so will bitcoin. We should be so thankful for these folks joining our community.
Paxful is now doing over 5% of the entire blockchain volume and our community is 90-95% female. Over 80,000 new bitcoiners have joined the community and they are ACTIVE users who help us make the bitcoin experience better everyday.
You can learn the most powerful of lessons from the most unlikely of people....
@_date: 2016-01-30 15:00:33
Yes, we do over half of all of BackPage's volume and made it drop dead simple for the mainstream, We can help Draft Kings and FanDuel as well and are working now to make the process even simpler. They will be alright.
@_date: 2017-01-11 15:29:33
Anyone has a chance to win here. The top 3 affiliates will get a prize but 7 people who refer over $10 USD also has a chance to win 1 BTC. 
It is as simple as sharing your link or putting it in your forum signature or a FB or twitter post. 
Leaderboard coming soon.
@_date: 2017-01-30 14:35:54
This kiosk is optimized to bring bitcoin to the masses, especially the unbanked masses. We learned well from the BackPage Effect and put all the feedback from normal folks into the product.
Paxful is the 2nd biggest p2p marketplace and our volume charts are public.  
Paxful is also the  bitcoin wallet by sheer number of transactions sent. 
Look for alot more from Paxful as we work to bring bitcoin to the mainstream.
@_date: 2017-01-11 15:27:46
All charges were dropped months ago. Will be an official statement and interview soon. Paxful is only just getting started.
@_date: 2017-01-26 18:11:38
We will gladly help them get back everything they lost and much more as we did for Backpage.com
Please contact us.
@_date: 2016-02-13 12:08:38
BitGo has a superior api, documentation and superb support. There is a reason they have these accounts.
@_date: 2017-04-20 15:36:43
We are sorry to hear this happened. 
As a vendor you need to be ready for all such cases. We have a forum, blog and slack chat where vendors share ways to protect themselves. The biggest issue here is education.
 Before you release bitcoin you should make certain you have been paid. In the case of Amazon Gift cards or any gift card really. This means you MUST redeem the gift card BEFORE you release the bitcoin, else the other party can redeem it before you and take your bitcoin. Bitcoin is irreversible so this is unavoidable. If you cannot take measures for this first basic step then you should not be trading in any p2p marketplace. As much as we value all vendors we would prefer you not sell here if you won't take the most basic measures for your safety. 
 Basics of Gift Card trading as seen on our forums and blog.
You should also ALWAYS ask for them to upload a CASH receipt and a copy of the back of the card with the code scratched out so you can alway see that it is a physical card bought with cash, else they can use an e-card code bought with debit and do a chargeback and you lose the amazon funds and amazon may even shut down your account. This is simply the nature of p2p bitcoin trading.
 If you do get scammed. There is a report "chargeback/scam" button on each trade. Use it and upload proof and our mods will try and get your bitcoins back if they are still in the scammers wallet. We are the only bitcoin platform with 24/ 7 days of the week support and take protecting our vendors seriously. 99% of the time they do move out their coins immediately.
Again sorry for your loss. We wish we could educate everyone to the fullest before their first trade and we are now making videos for vendors but by and large their is alot of risk for vendors, and alot of profit as well. Some of our gift card vendors do make six figures a month and at a 30% profit margin that really adds up. After a week of trades and some losses your senses for risk are tuned and you go into the black but you need to educate yourself at least to the basics first. Always do a trade with a veteran vendor for Amazon gift cards first to see what they ask for and pay attention to all the offer terms and copy the best.
Good luck and please do share all feedback. We listen to each and every single word and alot of it does go into development. A marketplace is nothing without it's vendors and vendors are nothing without education so we shall take education far more seriously now and be sharing the content here as well.
Thank you
-Paxful Team
@_date: 2015-11-16 19:16:02
Imagine if people could pay in any e-commerce store not only with their credit cards/Paypal, but with any payment method imaginable. This can be done with bitcoin on the background and in a p2p style.
When we open up API of our Paxful marketplace and add Pay with Paxful button this would mean that on checkout page in e-commerce store you can choose any payment method that is suitable for you to pay that one of the sellers on Paxful marketplace are selling bitcoin, it can be anything from Western Union, gift cards, cash deposits, local payment methods.
The process is simple - on the background buyer on e-commerce store makes payment to Paxful bitcoin seller. After payment was made and verified by seller, bitcoins are transferred to e-commerce store owner and he can whether keep them or convert to local currency.
Coming in 2016 Q1