@_author: paybacktony
@_date: 2014-02-10 19:41:50
Commented on another thread referencing this. Pasting it here:
I spent a few years researching what it takes to become a money transmitter as I was developing a product to allow property managers to sign up and accept rent without having to go through the traditional underwriting process.
This is something that Stripe, Square and others haven't actually done (got licenses) and have had private lawsuits filed against them for it.
With that said, 50k is plenty to get started if you had a couple tech focused guys willing to invest their time for the other 95%. Money Transmitter licenses vary in cost from state to state, from as low as $2,500 to as much as $10,000. On top of these license fees, you also have to have liquid assets that exceed $250k in most states.
Now, you don't reasonably have to operate in all states off the bat, you can simply operate in 5-10 states (California would be a good one) and work out the kinks in your app. You've got tech to worry about, and foremost in that regard is security. That is something a competent developer / co-founder can take care of.
The goal here with 50k would be to get something usable yet minimal up. Once you've shown you know how to navigate the money transmitter waters and have a secure system, you can go out and get institutional funding to shore up the remaining states and complete your product.
All this hoopla about it taking 2m to do it isn't coming from people who've actually had to navigate money transmitter waters before. At least, they weren't paying much attention when they were if they did.
If you find the right developer and you guys know the risks involved, there is no reason you couldn't accomplish it with a 50k angel investment and some hard work.
Now, I should add, a Money Transmitter is an entity that facilitates payments between two parties. Simply "buying" someones "bitcoin" for cash, or accepting cash in exchange for digital currency is a gray area in that regard. Since Bitcoin isn't regulated (yet) it falls into a category outside something like a stock exchange.
The biggest risk, in my opinion, is what happens when regulation of BTC starts. What kind of licenses will you need then? What will it mean for your product on a technical level? Will BTC have to be moved a different way? Will you need to register all transactions with something like the fed?
It's a high-risk, high-reward, high-chance-of-failure kind of thing.