@_author: paycoinxpy
@_date: 2015-01-03 01:21:55
How did GAW not see the dump coming? Yes whale groups want XPY to fail so they keep dumping causing a panic dump. I seen this coming when it got listed on exchanges before paybase launched. 
I love reading twitter feeds of "whales" who makes crapcoin after crapcoin to pump and dump on trex. They call Paycoin a scam because they could not control it. They have their own coins they want to pump and their own exchanges they want to open. I just think its hilarious when known scammers talk about Paycoin being a scam even after promoting and supporting the project.  If this is a ponzi, Josh sucks at it cause I got my ROI, this is all profit for me. How many of Bernie Madoff's customers can say that? 
Look at the press releases where GAW is throwing MILLIONS of $ into websites and technology to build a better company.  Remember this too, GAW reaches people all over the world but they are stationed in the USA. While people say this is a scam, GAW is proving it is not by still operating. Look at Butterfly Labs problems. 
Businesses take time to develop new plans and its the pressure they feel from us customers that are forcing them to jump too fast. Remember, when you sell coins on an exchange you are filling someone elses buy order not just bots. You are giving away your money to the whales that are going to buy them all up cheap because they know GAW and Paycoin cant be stopped.
This is what happens when people dont listen. They hear what they want to hear, takes screenshots of one thing, only giving half the story. GAW never promised to buy every coin. They promised to help keep the floor but holders had to do their part. Whale groups dumped to destroy confidence. They got all the available funds then screamed scam. If you feel you got ripped off look at the people (twitter feeds) connected to the big groups. Most of them promote everything they do. They never mentioned GAW or paycoin until they screamed scam. And you know these people bought major quantities of Hashlets on the first day. They screwed this up. Paybase is not finished and paycoin will grow once the whales get out and GAW comes through. Every launch something happens, makes me think more sabotage less fraud. 
