@_author: payingwithactualmone
@_date: 2014-07-08 14:57:36
No, they are citing an article from some Jihad magazine or whatever it is supposed to be (I can't read Arab). It's quite easy to find it online (you will get flagged). 
But Bitcoin investors should take into account the risk involved with these organisations. It is a possibility that they will start using Bitcoin to accept donations, which naturally will reflect very poorly on all Bitcoin investors/exchanges. ISIS seems to be quite tech-savvy, unlike their fellow morons called Al Qaeda. They also seem to seek more engagement with moronic fanbase in the West (Facebook, Twitter and whatnot). This is a real risk to Bitcoin. 
All things considered I find it ridiculous that you guys downvoted the shit out of the article yesterday, just because it would hurt the price. I guess stating the fact that Bitcoin is quite attractive to terrorist organizations is better left in the dark.
@_date: 2014-05-22 13:09:44
First and foremost; I appreciate the downvotes (not meaning you specificly neonicotinoid)! No clue what I did to deserve them, but okay! Thou shall not be critical.
I don't disagree with your perspective neonicotinoid. But the reality is that is my perspective is what Bitcoin is today, and yours is what it could be tomorrow. Hence my question in the original response: *How is Bitcoin ever going to gain traction when users get a bad deal?* Why would anyone who doesn't despise the FED for some reason sign up for Bitcoin tomorrow? Does anyone have a plan for this at all?
@_date: 2014-06-06 09:28:27
Drawing lines on logarithmic scales without any theoretical reason is always a bad idea. Why do you assume transactions grow exponentially? 
[Here's]( the trends data. Or [stats]( There's no reason to think any volume (be it USD, transactions or active wallets) goes up when all indicators are down, let alone exponentially.
@_date: 2014-06-09 10:43:05
Over 10%, why not put 50% if you're going to lie anyway? [Fees are around]( 2-4% for average joe. And don't go around comparing some shitty Bitcoin ATM  that requires me to stick my penis inside for identification to a full service kiosk like Travelex. 
And guess what; Visa/MS isn't making 1% on your withdrawals either. There are actual costs involved in doing all of this (shocking, I know). Visa &amp; friends enjoy huge economies of scale benefits (hence Credit Unions can't compete), which are next to impossible to reach. That's actually how they destroyed Forex kiosks to begin with. It's about time the Bitcoin community realizes businesses like Visa, Western Union and Chase have huge costs; it's not raining money!
@_date: 2014-06-20 11:01:05
Why is this begging the nr post right now? Yesterday OP was begging for money through a [throwaway]( Now you want to fund a mediocre documentary so you can throw it on Youtube with ads? It looks to me like you make about $10-15k/month with your channel as it is, so pay for your own docu. 
You also got the wrong subscriber base for this; they don't click on your latest videos at all. To top it off you seem to have no experience filming anything. Should go well fund him!
@_date: 2014-06-06 08:26:51
5.4% in fees woah! Let us know how that works out for you considering a [60% premium]( on coinprices in Argentina, and the 3%+ spread on localbitcoins. I guess that means all the foreign customers are out, and everyone who doesn't believe in Bitcoin is too. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 00:12:43
I'm guessing you count me among those claiming 'nobody' spends Buttcoins. I got every reason to believe this is the case; **every** data source I have shows this pattern. Feel free to show me one that doesn't.
This article -if anything- confirms my suspicion; BitPay, CoinBase &amp; affiliates are doing anything to hide sales numbers. Just today Coinbase claimed "growth in its user base of about 3-4% a week". This statement is questionable from a legal standpoint, and certainly doesn't show reality. I can do math, and you can too. Once companies sink that low you should know what time it is.
So what was their over/under? I think we can all agree Overstock results are an outright disaster, based on those 500 hotel rooms would be rather impressive.  Well if they beat that, congrats. But of course, they didn't. And adding flights won't be as simple as adding hotel rooms; agencies prefer (cough) payment data on flight bookings.
BitPay and CoinBase are free to prove critics like myself wrong: just release some sales data (of the past months, not January, preferably medians). Hell, they can even do it anonymously: we won't tell (I'm not an asshole). As long as they refuse to do that, we're probably right. There is no sales volume. 
@_date: 2014-06-08 22:29:08
Or you could just get some more credit so a lousy $800 authorization charge doesn't screw you? And no; this isn't broken, it's working exactly as intended and it's very customer-friendly. Sure it takes some (unnecessary) time to remove the charge, but that's because nobody but you finds that to be a problem. 
@_date: 2014-06-11 13:14:15
Perhaps a more relevant size metric: Total gross bookings $39B in 2013 (from 10-K). That's a lot of hotel rooms right there.
@_date: 2014-06-05 13:10:06
I like your paper! Solid calculations, however you've lost me at the conclusions and trends. Why is the footprint decreasing?
Many authors have argued that miners will be willing to pay X to mine 1 Bitcoin, X being the USD equivalent of 0.9 Bitcoin, or 1.1 Bitcoin (depending on who you ask). The price of Bitcoin is bound to go up if adoption goes up; and therefore in all likelihood so will the power usage (or other resource costs).
Mining itself will ultimately only be done in locations where power is cheap (aka dirty): China. Hell, KNCMiner can just build the most dirty coal-fired plant known to man in Rwanda, they won't care! They can't go green if their competitors won't. And even if we all use solar power in 2020; miners can still spend $700 on (natural) resources to mine $750 worth of Bitcoin right?
And then we're not even talking about all the equipment that is useless after 3 to 6 months. It's not like that will stop happening. That adds to the footprint too. Plus the massive centralization problem Bitcoin-mining has (in 5 years nobody will be mining in Europe), which makes it unsustainable from another POV.
@_date: 2014-06-11 14:48:49


[Written]( on 1/04/13. 10-K is the SEC version of a companies' full year financial results, available on their website (lotsa text).
@_date: 2014-06-05 20:55:42
Which one of us went missing JoeyC? Do a headcount!
@_date: 2014-06-06 09:08:13
Do you really want to know? The answer is simple: the amount of people interested in Bitcoin has been heavily declining since the bubble popped. Less people interested = lower volume. 
@_date: 2014-07-04 23:02:56
Aha, no you should be fine then! The topic seems good for that kinda paper. It sure beats the average marketing analysis that they see 20 times a year.
You could stress to your prof that Bitcoin's protocol is found to be solid math, however that applications of Bitcoin are still in the development/introduction stage and that not all stakeholders are satisfied. One of these applications is BitPay, which isn't perfect but still interesting. It may help to show him that there are interesting papers written about Bitcoin (use the Cited By thing). But you should take note that so far no Bitcoin articles appeared in top journals (some Profs only want you to cite from those). Also Bitcoin's top figures are easily accessible, so maybe you can interview them or something; the prof may like that.
@_date: 2014-06-06 09:43:18
Currently the best buy price on LocalBitcoins is 7204 ARS (887 USD) with very low volume. A handful of coins are up for grabs @ 7554 ARS (930 USD). Our price is about $662, so that implies a premium of 34%-40%. 
@_date: 2014-05-24 11:03:41
This is just mindboggling stupid. More dumbassery [here]( I'm closer to the truth when I state that in Bitcoin's *entire lifetime* it has barely facilitated the transfer of wealth between people that PayPal does in a single day.
@_date: 2014-06-11 12:54:41
I don't think you actually run a business that does this kind of revenue. At least that domain isn't connected to a real business. Feel free to show otherwise (and why wouldn't ya; it's free advertisement). 
And this forex fee isn't 'hidden'. It's plastered all over their damn website and it is common knowledge! I would've guessed someone running a webshop empire would know something about their payment processor. Also there is really no need to include that 5% marketplace fee in your figure, stop being an idiot.
But anyway nice story you posted, should get you lotsa upvotes. Not a lot of sales though, we both know that. We also both know you won't keep the Bitcoin; that's why you hired BitPay. Oh and your bank? They'll get a cut somehow; gotta pay those suppliers!
@_date: 2014-07-04 21:42:29
In my experience your supervisor does not have to know *that much* about the field you're writing about, however you must be able to convince them you know what you're doing. And I'm sure at least 1 person in your Econ faculty knows something about Bitcoin. Your best bet would be writing a research proposal of about 2 pages and send it to your faculty, who usually will figure out in a meeting who can supervise you. And as much as I dislike Bitcoin: *"the subject is currently too unstable"* what the hell. 
Your current proposal does seem lacking to me. While it's nice for some IB to have a paper about the Bitcoin basics &amp; how to accept it, it doesn't really scream academic research (there is a big difference between the two). Perhaps you should limit your scope in your proposal: e.g. 'should company X acccept Bitcoins?' or 'the added value of Bitcoin for merchants'. Then again, if it's a BSc (undergrad you call that, I think) thesis you can get away with a lot of shit. What degree level is it for?


Watch out with statements like these, especially with academics. They're the last ones who want to hear a rant about a large institution. The document in question was created by some very smart people. Either way you can't convince people properly via email, just go to their office. 
@_date: 2014-04-24 09:17:34
Wouldn't be too worried about that man. It's just $60 a week, peanuts compared to [your $140k holdings]( 
Keep on pumpin' 
@_date: 2014-07-10 23:51:28
Done! 
I don't really get what you're trying to do though. If your research question is *'whether Bitcoin has the potential to disrupt payment processor companies such as Visa'* a survey among the fanatics here will net you just about nothing. Especially when taking validity into account, as most people here don't even know how Visa operates, let alone Western Union or PayPal. Trust me.
But there is a thesis in this. Perhaps in the first part you can burn Bitcoin down to the ground considering it really is that bad (there no shortage of articles to cite on that front). In the second part you can interview (market) researchers/CEOs and see how they are envisioning the future. However the problem remains that these CEOs will also tell you crap and most of them are delusional. 
I don't know how much time you've put in the thesis so far, but if you can manage the loss I would strongly suggest not to write about Bitcoin. If you want some reasons as to why shoot me a PM (too long to type here). 
@_date: 2014-07-08 15:59:15
I wrote that they could start using 'Bitcoin to accept donations'. aka. a transfer of value method from the West. Nobody in the whole world cares what they use to purchase ammo with, be it camels, heroin, Euros, Dollars or Iraqi Dinars. 
We do care about limiting their ability to acquire value, as they'll ultimately use it to do horrible things. If Bitcoin does end up providing them a way to do this, governments will respond. KYC/AML were made to counter this.
@_date: 2014-06-09 12:07:04
There have been mixed reports about the extend of identification. Try searching on this subreddit for ATM experiences. It seems to depend on jurisdiction and the manufacturer / owner of the ATM. Some recent 'discussion' [here](
@_date: 2014-06-09 11:55:55
Travelex will charge 10% no problem, but it's not like they have a choice considering the very high location costs and the fact that they swap just about any currency. I doubt anyone with a Visa or Mastercard would ever use their services.
And my MS/Visa exchange fees are about 1.5%; but I actually pay my bank for my card (20 Euros or so a year, no rewards). I guess these fees are pretty much the costs my bank makes. While American CC products are structured way differently, I doubt a frequent flyer pays over 4% as he'll just select the right bank for his needs.
@_date: 2014-06-06 09:47:52
Got any evidence to support this wild claim? Or is a Blockchain outage just a nice excuse to ignore data you don't like.
@_date: 2014-05-22 10:33:38
Yes, go ahead and ridicule the writer for highlighting the biggest problem in Bitcoin adoption. It's always better to laugh off your shortcomings. But ask yourself: How is Bitcoin *ever* going to gain traction when users get a bad deal? 
You really do pay $101 for $100 in Bitcoins, and sometimes closer to $102. If you buy gas you *easily* get 1% cashback when paying by card. In this situation average Joe just threw away 2+ bucks. The gasstation pays another 1% to get their Bitcoins back into cash, and now needs to compensate you for your 2% loss: their fees are now 3%. We both know the VISA/MS fee for a gasstation is lower than 3%.
P.S. I never used Bitcoin yet was able to do this supercomplicated math, amazing.
@_date: 2014-06-16 12:54:48
Which lawyer signed off on this? Is there a special vehicle to protect people participating in the 'group bid'? Or is your broke-ass parent company is going to secure 6000 coins ($3.6M) themselves: probably what the entire company is worth? Oh well at least your auditor already resigned last year. Even for Bitcoin standards this idea is bad.
@_date: 2014-05-15 13:43:58
The Dutch use Bitonic to buy their coins, *it seems the total fees are roughly 2%* (&gt;€50 at once, otherwise closer to 10%) compared to the amount of BTC Mollie wants. The popular Blockchain e-wallet sets the default fee to 0.0005, or 18 eurocents. So at best the pleasure of paying with Bitcoin will run you as a customer 1% + €0.18. Or you could use iDeal, which is free at some Mollie shops I tested, and will never be more than €0.99.
The receiving end will save roughly €0.20 per transaction, assuming normal volume (which is €0.45 for iDeal). All things considered this is a non-event. Nobody is going to deal with all the hassle just to pay 1% more. For those interested: it seems Mollie relies on Bitonic for quotes, their payment gate quit working just after Bitonic's site crashed. 
@_date: 2014-05-15 22:38:44
You're wrong. Bitcoin to the seller's bank takes up to two days with Mollie, iDeal and wire both take one day. This is stated pretty clear on their website. The fees are actually being incurred by the buyer, being more than 1% of the total value + the miners fee. The seller saves a lousy 20 cents per transaction (no real company is paying € 0,99 for iDeal). All in all it's an extremely poor value proposition compared to both iDeal and wire. Slower, more costs, more hassle, amazing!
@_date: 2014-05-21 10:28:56
They're not saying you can't buy Bitcoins and will not prohibit you from doing so. Basicly they placed upcoming Bitcoin ETFs and all related products in the same category with 'death bonds' and funds like 'The Wine Investment Fund'. In general European organisations such as the FSMA don't want retail investors touching anything that's unregulated and difficult to understand, as they're the ones who get shit on once things go south.
@_date: 2014-07-03 02:32:11
Haha. That really wasn't necessary. I do appreciate it though! 
@_date: 2014-06-05 11:16:01
Very subtle way to be condescending, just like that analysis of yours. I don't know why any Bitcoiner would dislike Dogecoin; their community seems determined as a whole to find some legitimate use for cryptocurrencies, while having fun. Meanwhile the Bitcoin community invents more bullshit that won't work (*cough* Circle), illegal craphola (Darkcoin) and car washers are supposed to supply colored coins or some shit.
@_date: 2014-06-10 13:58:04
I'd suggest contacting cryptocoincharts.info, Cryptsy or [Bitinfocharts]( Basicly get a datadump of all Altcoin/BTC prices; ask for daily averages (anotherfssd has found a good source too). Daily averages are much easier for you, plus you can argue they won't give you tick data anyway. 
Now get your block rewards (payout) from your pool into Excel, set to daily rows. Merge the two lists. Then go [here]( and hit Load Raw Data. Merge lists again. Boom, your daily income in EUR. sortof. This requires no scripting, just spamming Excel functions (sort etc). 
When filing add some methodology and explain why 24 hour averages are fine (mind you, the tax-guy has no clue what the hell you did, you need to explain it to him). Beware of the fact that timezones of all 3 sources may not match on the dot, however this is immaterial imo. You can also argue you only want to file taxes on actual capital gains. Explore which way suits you best and try to make that work (contact the ombudsman or alike if needed).
@_date: 2014-07-08 15:33:12
I'm not fully up-to-date on how well mixers function, and I don't know much about altcoins (Darkcoin) either. But the anonimity DarknetMarkets demand is also something that could work for terrorist organisations. Granted, the latter deals with the CIA (I think), while the first group deals with the FBI/DEA.
One thing is for sure: traditional electronic payment methods (be it PayPal, SEPA, Neteller) are not fit for fundraising for these organisations. This, in combination with the engagement ISIS seems to be seeking, could make them interested in Bitcoin (or better put: cryptocurrencies). It's not happening right now, but I think it's a possibility.
@_date: 2014-05-25 15:40:16
I highly doubt any of this is true. You can't even spell the word insurance, and you make your company look bad. For anyone else in this position, your best bet is ignoring all pump &amp; dump advice in this thread as it is outright terrible. Just be honest. You can tell your company to keep a close eye on Bitcoin, offer to do that for them. That makes you look smart. Telling them to accept it makes you look like an idiot. The only exception being if you're the CEO of Overstock and your company needs PR as it is already going down the toilet. 
- At current levels, State Farm will not attract more than 1000 new customers with Bitcoin. If even 100.
- Downside: Easy 50k in costs to set this up, unlikely to recoup costs through Bitcoin unless userbase grows.
- Risk: Need to partner with new companies such as Bitpay.
- Risk: You won't know the origin of the payments.
- Risk: Company name mentioned in every report of a hack, or exchange collapsing. And there will be many.
- Risk: Chance of Bitcoin collapsing before the project is done as it'll take many months.
- Upside: CEO can talk shit on CNBC. Perhaps Bitcoin will eventually work out.
@_date: 2014-07-03 01:00:16
First and foremost, I really appreciate the downvotes as always (not you specifically anon_bitcoin_gambler). And you guys wonder why we rather stay in &gt; Do you really expect this trend of broad acceptance to reverse itself even if the sales figures are not what we'd expected? If so, why hasn't it happened yet? 
I honestly believe these companies (BitPay/CoinBase) are selling 'lies' at this point, and I think that at the very least Bitcoin investors should take the *possibility that these companies are not being entirely honest into account*. Everyone can put a nice sales-pitch together, hell, VC-powered companies like BitPay and CoinBase can easily sell services at a loss (for example; first $1M in transactions at no charge). After all, this is the way Silicon Valley operates. Let me ask you; What does a Bitcoin investor expect for DISH sales, 50 customers? Certainly not 1000, I hope. In todays climate, DISH won't make money after taking into integration cost into account. They simply won't. In fact, hardly anyone will make money by integrating Bitcoin today.
And I am relying on the trends I can get. I'm not nitpicking on the ones that are to my liking. Every indicator is very, very negative. Yes sure, more and more companies accept Bitcoin. I'm the last one to dispute that. However as put nicely by the Dutch state news-agency (after research): "Shops want Bitcoin, customers don't.". If Apple/Amazon accepts Bitcoin tomorrow I won't change my mind, not one bit. If anything, I'd expect Bitcoin to crash even sooner when they do (as those numbers will eventually come out).
Adoption wise this may be a strategy. Perhaps not a bad one either (I don't work in marketing). However indicators show that this adoption strategy is not working (this is what we've been seeing for months already). 
The fact remains that, including Expedia, the American consumer is throwing away money (1%+) when ordering with Bitcoins. Consumers are going to notice that, and as a result, won't use it. And sure, we Buttcoiners have agendas. Most of us are employed by big banks! 
@_date: 2014-07-03 02:28:53
I figured it wasn't you that downvoted me. And no, just like you I don't care about upvotes either. I only pointed it out as some regulars claim people like myself hide in a 'circlejerk': I simply barely post here as criticism is apparently not wanted. 
And yes, I more or less accuse both BitPay and CoinBase of 'lying' (or better put: being creative in a legal sense) to potential customers. Just today I noticed the CoinBase CEO getting very 'creative' with a WSJ reporter (try to calculate what he said), I was not surprised one bit. This is pretty much what I expect them to do. I also expect 'free Reddit promotion' and 'no fees for the first $1M' to be part of their sales-pitch. Maybe they'll even throw in some early Overstock data. Is that factually or legally wrong? No, certainly not. It's a free market, and they should try to do well within legal boundaries. And do I have evidence of this 'failure'? Not really, I got some sales data / general volume data that I'm quite sure will correlate, but this is not bulletproof. I go with what I got, and so far that usually works. They're both free to PM me.
And no, I don't blame Bitcoin holders for holding onto their asset that has appreciated like no other in the past year. I do however have serious doubts about the value proposition, for example for American consumers. Also, I have every reason to believe the current (adoption) system is not functioning; the only thing it's effectively doing is adding merchants. 
Hence I think betting on CoinBase/BitPay to 'save' Bitcoin is a huge mistake. Bitcoin should focus on fixing a 'problem'. Once it manages to do so the price will go up naturally, as well as its adoption. For now it seems like Bitcoin-holders think that BitPay/CoinBase will turn cryptocurrencies into a goldmine (aka boost adoption), I don't think it will. It will have to come from a whole different angle. 