@_author: paza
@_date: 2013-04-03 06:00:53
Stores of value derive their value from the other properties of currency - mainly the stability and demand that are called for by it being actually used as a medium of exchange and for debt.
If no business is being done with bitcoin, then it's just a series of novel, but ultimately useless numbers, which have no value. That's not to say that people won't pay money for something that has no value, but it is to say that it's far more difficult to control the price, and this typically requires collusion or market manipulation.
Complementary currencies only really work when the currency's being used as a medium of exchange (as opposed to a value store). An IOU from someone is only good if you have faith that you can leverage it at some point in the future, and what you're effectively doing "putting your money into bitcoin" is taking out an IOU on the bitcoin system.
Bitcoin is strikingly similar to diamonds, it's a thing with no inherent value that is given value because of artificially restricted supply, artificial demand and to some extent hoarding.  One difference between diamonds and BTC is that you have an oligopoly that prevents alternative markets springing up (synthetic diamonds) via market forces.
If you use it as a value store and not as a medium of exchange, you need to be able to keep convincing people that your value store is better than the alternatives. Bitcoin is well designed but several of the algorithms could be duplicated and changed to allow a "bitcoin II" network to spring up overnight, and as soon as people think that this newfangled network is almost as legitimate as Bitcoin, it'll open the floodgates to a crash.
tldr: store of value only is bad, medium of exchange only is ok in certain circumstances, both at the same time is good.
@_date: 2013-04-04 07:27:09
I watch the Bitcoin subreddit out of curiosity. I started because I was interested in the pseudocurrency but stayed for the truly fascinating groupthink. So, I have to ask, is this a stone in a glass house?
I'm not trying to deprecate what Bitcoin is achieving and I am fairly positive about Bitcoin's future, but my point is that when you look upon pretty much any group from the outside they come across as uneducated and amateurish, regardless of whether this is the case. People naturally make strawmen of people who are different than they are, and so those occasional (frankly ridiculous) opinions are what you remember. I've seen quite a few gems on both sides of the whole Bitcoin thing personally (rich and crazy aren't mutually exclusive), just like with pretty much every other opinion that I don't fully see eye to eye on.
tldr: people naturally assume that they or the people who they agree with are the experts, and trivialise the arguments and opinions of everyone that they disagree with. Chances are that no matter what your opinions are (or how well thought out they are), someone thinks that you're an idiot for having them.