@_author: pbmonster
@_date: 2017-11-16 21:46:31
Thank's for your reply!
I worry about having my name on bitcoin to fiat transactions, because speculating on rising bitcoin prices and then transferring the gains back to Dollars/Euros are capital gains where I live - just as if I had bought stocks or bonds or foreign currencies that would have changed their value over time. And as such, those profits from crypto currencies are subject to capital gains tax.
Not declaring those gains is tax fraud, and I don't want my name on any of that. That's why I asked if your name is connected to that debit card.
@_date: 2017-11-16 22:06:15
I ask because I don't understand how to use such a card without getting hammer for tax fraud at the end of the year.
Do you log every single time you purchase bitcoin, and log every single payment/withdraw with the debit card, and then declare the difference in bitcoin price times the amount withdrawn in your annual tax returns?
Seems like a nightmare, especially if you purchased bitcoin multiple times or if you use the debit card often. Is there a way to automate this?
@_date: 2017-11-06 22:23:08
Once you're getting into "rich people" territory it kind of gets difficult. What's the most expensive thing that doesn't leave a paper trail? Probably jewellery or luxury furniture.
Can't really buy a nice car. You'd have to register it to your name, and that might set of alarms for the IRS depending on how much you've spent and how often. Can't buy a house either, of course. Same reason, except it paints an even bigger target onto your assets. Probably can't even rent normally without setting something off with the credit monitoring agencies.
You'll have to live like a drug dealer, always watching where your name appears on paper, always paying cash/crypto, always looking for a way to wash your money.
Because even if everything works out perfectly for 20 years, once they audit you, you're done. You'll owe the IRS till the end of your days.
I think I'd rather pay capital gains taxes once and be done with it.
@_date: 2017-11-16 15:34:48
Is your real name on the card? Do you worry about capital gains tax? Or do you just trust the anonymity?