@_author: pcmadman
@_date: 2018-01-24 18:54:09
Don't really see how it changes much. 
For VAT you already have the choice to pay cash, so fraud is possible there, but the revenue service basically uses correlation attacks to detect fraud. Also you need both parties involved. That's two parties risking prosecution. 
For income tax, your employer is obliged to disclose how much they pay you. Their accounting needs to check out somewhat, so there's limited potential to smuggle there. Also there's already the possibility to pay in cash for cash businesses, but then again it has to be marginal, because if a large portion of employees are paid cash you're vulnerable to correlation attacks. Then again there's two parties liable for prosecution. 
In both cases governments need to make it risky enough for people to not do it. If the detection rate goes down, the punishment goes up, the risk stays the same. As long as there's a decent detection rate where you get caught on average once every 20 years (I suppose), this works. If bitcoin makes it harder to track money, you simply increase the application of other techniques to detect fraud.
Taxing is something of the ages. It has been done long, long, looong before there were any traceable transactions.
@_date: 2018-01-24 17:04:10
How does bitcoin make it hard for governments to collect taxes?
I don't know how it differs much from the current system:
"Pay your fair share or we put you in jail!"
@_date: 2018-02-02 00:28:10
For normal people the risks of unavailability due to a node going offline is completely acceptable; an inconvenience at most, so it doesn't pay to spend resources to protect against that risk. 
For someone who can't risk unavailability it's very affordable to protect against that risk by opening multiple channels. 
Actually this is what I suspect wil happen:
Consumers will open a channel only when they first want to use Lightning. They will probably want to spend some money, so they open a channel with an e-commerce where they bring some business. This is all ready happening with the SLEEPYARK node. The e-commerce business has a lot of channels with endpoints, but also want to receive payments from customers who have a channel with a different commerce. So they open up a direct channel with other important nodes and in doing so make it easier for potential customers to reach them and also offering a way for money from directly connected customers to reach the rest of the network. This will lead to bidirectional transactions, hopefully balancing the channel. If it balances, that means a lot of transactions can happen without tying up a lot of capital. If a channel is not balanced they can use fees to steer that channel towards balance or accept that a channel will empty out because they're receiving funds and then reopen a channel.
@_date: 2018-02-01 19:36:50
When I look at it I see a very decentralised network. You should compare this with traditional payment methods/banks!
But I'll bear with you:
If it bears out that a number of central nodes arise, I don't see how that's a problem. It's probably the case that they charge low fees and are well connected, otherwise why would so many people open a channel with them? Opening a channel with any random other node is always possible. 
If a popular node goes down, that will leave everybody that connected only to that node unconnected. That's only a problem as soon as one of them wants to do a transaction. The penalty is that they need to open another channel and you incur tx-fees for the required onchain tx. But that's just a normal cost of doing business, that you sometimes have to open channels. You could configure your client to automatically reopen a new channel in the case the first channel is closed, so that you minimise the risk of not having a channel open when you want to do a transaction. Unless you do a lot of transactions every day, this will probably be enough, or even just a notification, so you can anticipate having to re-open a channel for your next transaction. 
The only risk is unavailability during the time it takes to re-open a channel. If you want high availability you'll simply have multiple channels open. (If that's the case you're probably doing a lot of tx's and having multiple channels open is a good way to reduce fees.)