@_author: pcvcolin
@_date: 2016-08-09 18:33:35
Sure, it's bad for a variety of reasons.
1) The bill as proposed would actually remove the protections users have from AB 129 ('Lawful Money,' approved by Governor June 28, 2014, filed with Secretary of State June 28, 2014). The passage of that law freed innovators in the state so that they would not have to be concerned with unreasonable regulation.  This bill would actually remove your ability completely to have bitcoin or any other virtual currency be used as lawful money in California.
You can read the (awful) text of this bill for yourself, here:
2) This bill is very similar to the approach the language that New York took when it adopted its bitlicense.  When New York began implementing its requirements that many virtual currency users would have to be registered and be licensed with the state of New York, and additional requirements such as identification of users and submittal of information to the FBI (to name a few), it was immediately evident that such requirements are inimical to free speech and expression. Many companies opted to leave the state of New York or have ceased to operate in New York as a result.
A partial list of the companies that immediately left New York were: BitQuick, BTCGuild, Eobot, Genesis Mining, GoCoin, Kraken, LocalBitcoins, Paxful, and Poloniex. “This particular piece of legislation is unnecessary and is an obstacle to free market innovation,” wrote Genesis Mining on its blog in response to New York's approach. Kraken, an exchange headquartered in San Francisco, California, said that the license, “comes at a price that exceeds the market opportunity of servicing New York residents. Therefore, we have no option but to withdraw our service from the state.” These companies and more will make a similar exodus from California if AB 1326 is adopted.  (Actually, BTCGuild had to shut down, citing NY's bitlicense as a reason, so they won't be able to make an exodus from California... they have already been killed by bad regulation.)
As we saw in the case of New York, these companies didn't just leave the state, they stopped serving New York customers. That's what will happen to Californians, too, if AB 1326 passes.
3) If you want a link to an article on the subject that I haven't already cited, check out this one:
At the time that article was published, it was August 30, 2015.  However, the article is still sound and a good overview of the subject.
A more recent article which deals with the revised, reintroduced AB 1326 is here:
@_date: 2016-08-12 18:23:51
While it's good that Coin Center is opposing the bill, it's important to note that this bill simply should be put on suspense or should be put back on inactive until it dies due to legislative schedule.  It should never get to the Governor's desk.  This kind of bill is not just a job killer, it is the kind of thing that attacks fungibility.  Remember what happened to New York -- while California's bill is not the same, it is close enough.
I think it is also worthwhile remembering a little history of not only Coin Center's involvement in pushing for the original AB 1326 (thus giving the legislators encouragement where there should have been none), but as well, let's look at some of the other parties who have contributed to the unfortunate situation we are experiencing in California:
In Coin Center's [recent letter]( to the Banking and Financial Institution Committee (which will consider AB 1326 on August 15), Coin Center stated "Last year, Coin Center wrote to you in support of AB 1326 because the language in the bill at that time would have created a smart licensing regime for virtual currency businesses."  (You then went on to oppose the current version of this bill.)  So you would have the Legislature go back to what it was proposing before?  Does the Coin Center seriously still think that what AB 1326 proposed previously was "a smart licensing regime?"  No, it would have been a job killer, and arguably would have greatly impaired fungibility in California (as well as driving everything and everyone underground in terms of their virtual currency activity, which might not be a bad thing, considering the implications of what regulators propose).
I suspect that many people would not object too seriously if such a bill only were to have a state licensing requirement for web-based brokerages and exchanges.  Yet these types of services already are required to be licensed as MSBs under FinCEN (Treasury) with very few exceptions.  California's bill, fundamentally flawed, does not narrowly focus its efforts.  It is destructive and harmful.  The prior version of the bill, which Coin Center supported (and which you just stated in a letter to the Banking and Financial Institution Committee was a "smart licensing regime") was horrible beyond belief, leading hundreds of thousands of people in California to oppose it (apart from the EFF and the Bitcoin Foundation and various other groups).
Your attempts to improve the "storing" and "transmitting" definitions, while no doubt a valiant effort, are problematic.  The technologies in question will continue to evolve dynamically and exponentially, far and away outpacing any adopted definitions.  If we are not already criminals, we will all soon be.  These laws are irrelevant and it is time that people understood that.  For a better analysis of this perspective, [look back to this article from 2011](
Get with the program, Coin Center.  Admit that there is a serious, fundamental problem with legislation which attempts to impair free trade.
*“We are not afraid to entrust the American people with unpleasant facts, foreign ideas, alien philosophies, and competitive values. For a nation that is afraid to let its people judge the truth and falsehood in an open market is a nation that is afraid of its people."*  -- John F. Kennedy
@_date: 2016-08-13 03:45:06
Right, first of all, thank you to Bruce Fenton for this congratulatory note, and I can also confirm, as he pointed out, that I have nothing to do with Coin Center, and I have persistently and consistently opposed AB 1326 since it was first introduced.  
It's also worth noting that there have been many, many other individuals who have helped raise awareness about the problems of AB 1326 and have organized people to oppose it.  For example, Bruce Fenton, John Light, various people at the Electronic Frontier Foundation who were instrumental both last year and this year in creating tools for people to take quick action against AB 1326, Taskforce.is (the people behind this created nobitcoinlicense.org, rally.stopwatching.us, and other things), hundreds of thousands of Californians who took action against the bill either because they heard via EFF that it was being proposed or because they became aware of it as a result of their personal involvement in cryptocurrency use or development, and people in states outside California who also wrote in, contacting services they used with their concerns or contacting California Governor Jerry Brown through his website. 
All of these people and more helped defeat AB 1326.  This is a victory not only for California, but for all states in the United States, because often times what happens in California eventually becomes an example for how legislation is adopted state by state in other places, or at times, in Congress.
Thanks to everyone who was involved in any way, wherever you are.  
A final note - let's not rest on our laurels, in the technological or legislative battles.  In the legislative front, in any state where some legislator might in the future introduce a bill that would attempt to regulate decentralized, distributed virtual currency, let's remind them of the problems it caused in New York (including, but not limited to, the closure of BTCGuild and the decision of nearly every exchange to leave New York and to stop doing business with New York residents), and the defeat of the California bill, AB 1326, due to the desire of California residents (and people well beyond California) for economic freedom - and fungibility.  If they ignore public opinion and do so either as a law or regulation, keep fighting it just as we did in California; the battle may well be successful and you could defeat the passage of the law.  Even if you don't get it defeated, fighting it could get it watered down so that a proposed bill will only apply to brokerages, for example.  Don't ever accept what the legislators propose.  Just keep fighting it -- "Just Say No."  
We defeated AB 1326 by taking a hard line in favor of economic freedom and fungibility, not in favor of statism and central planning.
So far as the technological battles, keep fighting there too.  The more we can do with technology outside of law, the better off we are.  As an example of that, please [help test the new version of JoinMarket]( to work out the bugs that have been encountered.  This is important work!
Keep on fighting!
Thanks, everyone.
"From the lowest dungeon to the highest peak I fought with the Balrog of Morgoth... *Until at last I threw down my enemy and smote his ruin upon the mountain side.* ...Darkness took me and I strayed away through thought and time. Stars wheeled overhead and every day was as long as a life age of the earth... But it was not the end. I felt life in me again. I've been sent back until my task is done."
- Gandalf 
@_date: 2016-08-18 04:00:17
Adding on to this thread, because Dababneh has already said that he's going bring a bitlicense bill back in 2017 (despite having his ass beat down twice this legislative season), looks like it's time to get back to work on defeating the next one - here are my thoughts on how to do that:
Additionally, it's becoming obvious that Coin Center is [not just behind the California bill]( but other similar state bills as well - so we need to work to oppose Coin Center efforts.  Some details of Coin Center's efforts are [here](
@_date: 2016-08-18 07:16:52
I'm considering doing sort of a counterattack in several states with a "freedom bill" that would create a constitutional bulwark for liberty and freedom of commerce, protection of family, protection of right to keep and bear arms, etc., in free states such as Nevada, Idaho, Montana, etc.  To some extent it would be based on language that already exists in the Idaho State Constitution, but it would go further in order to create protections against incursions by politicians, lobbyists, and people who have moved / migrated from the Western Wall states (California, Oregon, Washington).  [Note that I live in California and I know the risk that can be posed by some Californians when they move elsewhere and start voting.]  Perhaps some version of this 'freedom bill' could get passed in California as well by initiative (however, before I try it in California I'd want to see what the public response is to something like [Veto Gunmageddon]( which so far has been pretty popular, but it's too soon to tell if its various petitions will all get enough signatures to get on the ballot).  With that being said, I think that getting some sort of 'freedom bill' passed in the free states, such as Nevada, Idaho, Montana, etc., wouldn't be too difficult and would be wise considering the effects of the upcoming Presidential election in 2016 and the CA Gubernatorial election in 2018.  Whatever the outcome of these elections, it's bound to be bad for freedom, so I think states outside of the Western Wall really have to begin to take preventative and proactive measures to prevent people from coming into their states and destroying the rights they've so far managed to protect.  Thus, the 'freedom bill' idea.
@_date: 2016-08-09 17:27:06
Yes, just go to the CA Governor's contact form at 
and fill it out, in the message field, just ask him to "Veto AB 1326 if it arrives at your desk."  Anyone can do this anywhere in the world.
@_date: 2016-08-12 19:15:26
What Bruce said.
@_date: 2016-08-27 22:23:21
Not a bad idea!  Regarding that whole "start new" concept you mentioned, here's [an ID management tool that might help you with that](  Feel free to spread the word.  
@_date: 2016-08-14 20:03:33
Do Not Use Coinbase.
Use mycelium LT ( bitsquare (bitsquare.io), ExhangeD.I2P (for which you need to be using I2P), MercuryExchange (mercuryex.com).  
You're welcome.
@_date: 2016-08-27 21:46:14
The story describes a reasonable concern.  Remember [EFF's campaign to try to raise awareness of this issue]( before Congress took recess? It did get some attention, but unfortunately not enough.  It was good that EFF made its announcement on June 16 for a day of action on June 21, 2016, because there was no time for EFF to wait:  the House was set to adjourn on July 15 and will not return until Sept. 6, according to the calendar. The House will then be in session until Sept. 30, and adjourn until Nov. 14, after the elections. The Senate is running on a similar summer schedule, with its recess formally running from July 18 through Sept. 5. Senators are scheduled to be in session during the fall a bit longer than the House, with the Senate's target pre-election adjournment date set for Oct. 7. The chamber will also return Nov. 14 after the elections.  Clearly their schedule makes it even more difficult to pass the necessary legislation (H.R. 4528 and S.2952) that could help correct the problems that have been caused by the Judicial Conference Advisory Committee on Criminal Rules and the FBI.
A simple solution would be passage of the 'Stopping Mass Hacking Act' (S.2952) which simply states, "The proposed amendments to rule 41 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, which are set forth in the order entered by the Supreme Court of the United States on April 28, 2016, shall not take effect."  H.R.5321 is the partner bill, with the same text.   However, the current status of this Act, as of August 27, 2016, is that the bill(s) have only been introduced, and they have only five cosponsors, which suggests that Congress didn't make keeping the feds from breaking into people's computers a big priority before the recess. 
This also suggests that there are only two likely ways to deal with this issue:  Technology ([full disk encrypt your drive]( and then do [specialized encryption on storage folders within it]( and use whatever privacy tools are available to you, such as PGP / GnuPG, OTR, I2P, and other things), and lawsuits (hopefully, users will connect with, and donate to, organizations like EFF, that are likely to take the feds to court to stop it from implementing Rule 41 as proposed, or to stop it from doing so after they have documented it has begun to begin implementing it - either way; the legal route often requires that you show a harm has been done upon the public as a result of the government's actions before you can get an injunction and a years-long court battle launched.). 
If Congress fails to take any action on this issue, the rule (Rule 41, which as proposed would allow malware to be utilized against anyone remotely, breaking into computers from across state lines, breaking encryption, etc.) would be adopted on December 1, 2016.  Congress is likely to fail to do anything in the way of adopting legislation to solve this issue and even if it did, would whatever President who is next elected sign it into law?  No.  So guess what, you better arm up your computer and get ready for fucking war, and if you are a member of an organization like EFF, get ready to sue the feds over this, and if you aren't, donate or become a paying member of EFF like right now.
I've said before that (although I don't recommend the use of web wallets) that [BitLox is doing a great job by providing an easy guide for users to utilize either Tor or I2P]( and that other wallet developers should do this as well.  This provides a choice, you are not forced to use one or the other (in fact you don't have to use either).  I just see it as a good practice for wallet developers to provide this as a choice.  
If you are serious about Bitcoin privacy you should also [help test the new version of JoinMarket]( the only truly functional CoinJoin implementation.  It needs some work in order to remedy an existing vulnerability that version 0.2.0 was developed to fix.  Help out with testing, if you do, you'll be helping everyone, not just yourself.  Hang out in IRC channel  in freenode.  Ask questions.  Have fun.
Start looking into other solutions for bitcoin privacy as well - research them, make a note of them or bookmark them for future reference, and find a way to participate in their testing if possible.  Examples being [Zcash]( - scheduled to be launched in late October of 2016 - or [ShufflePuff]( - an improved version of CoinShuffle now undergoing testing.  (It has been successfully tested on Mycelium.)  
There are others, but these are arguably the main contenders and the ones that have been most well developed and tested (even though they still need further testing and greater levels of participation from bitcoin users).
Thank you!
@_date: 2016-08-22 06:46:12
See also [this article]( - it wasn't specifically mentioned in the EFF post, but this thing is coming back again in 2017, in my article, I mention (some) ways we can begin to fight this now.  My position is that I don't think that any additional state-level law or regulation is justifiable; we defeated AB 1326 by taking a hard line in favor of economic freedom and fungibility, not in favor of statism and central planning, and we won't accept any proposal which would require individuals or businesses to have to obtain a license or enrollment.  We've seen the results of New York's failed policies; if we allow them to do it in California they'll repeat that failed experiment as an attack on fungibility in every state.  If people say "But what would you say is reasonable for regulators to do, being as they are going to do something," I would say that they should work with exchanges and actual bitcoin users to develop basic minimum safety standards which operators of exchanges would have to follow (for companies offering exchanges or brokerages as a service through a web portal).  This would not apply to decentralized exchanges or markets since these are not companies and, I would argue, are beyond the reach of any state (there is no company, firm, or organization that the state can target).  However, the point being here is that it is flawed thinking to suggest that we should accept limitations on our ability to exchange in free trade.  Simply put, when the state proposes permits and additional regulations whether for individuals or businesses, our answer must be "Just Say No."
@_date: 2016-08-28 03:03:18
Well, technically, ISIS already has its hands on that cash you are talking about, because without the U.S. ISIS would not have been created, and certainly would not have had the level of equipment and armament it has today.  Watch this [online description on the origin of ISIS to get an idea of how it came about](  Bear in mind that first the U.S. created the conditions that lead to Al Qaeda, then it funded ISIS, then [it called for the recruitment of Al Qaeda against ISIS](  I'm not sure what is more fucked up than this, but such is the world we live in.  What does ISIS get and how do they get it?  Well, for one, cash, crude oil, and contraband.  This includes [suitcases full of cash which are moved on the baksheesh system](  Periodically, [airstrikes may destroy some of their cash](  
But more telling about the long-range policy implications of all this is how the war on terror has turned into a war on money - [a whole article]( and probably more, have been devoted to this very issue.
@_date: 2016-08-09 18:45:10
I'm planning on a move to Idaho, but that might take some time, and while I am still stuck here, I am doing everything I can to defeat California's sorry-ass laws.
@_date: 2016-08-14 21:30:49
Apart from the fact that when you do that (when you use coinbase in particular, or even when you use any web wallet), your funds are not yours and can be seized at any moment (you can find ample proof of that from the people who constantly come onto reddit moaning about why it is that coinbase froze their accounts and they can't get "their money" out), they are also subject to a profound amount of surveillance from coinbase, bank(s), third parties, and of course, governments.
You may also want to read this:
And this:
And if / when you are one of those people that ends up getting jacked by coinbase down the road, do us all a favor and don't moan about it on reddit, just work with coinbase support, get your coins out, close down your account, and use the tools I mentioned.  Better yet, stop using coinbase now.
@_date: 2016-08-28 02:27:00
Hey, what do you know:  Somebody developing bitcoin [agrees with you]( ([meta](
@_date: 2016-08-27 22:21:18
See my project also,  - I don't like to trumpet it much, but its initial implementations are in BCN and BTC.  (BCN is very privacy-oriented and [uses PoW algorithm, cryptonight](  Monero [is actually a fork of BCN](  My donations concept was [first implemented in a way in an early stealth repository which you can see here](  I hope to get a functional wallet developed that uses BTC and implements my ABIS concept if I actually get more funding for this.
@_date: 2018-01-28 07:13:16
Thanks for the Gitcoin link, also a great idea!
@_date: 2018-01-28 11:03:18
I don't know or claim that Robinhood is connected with the IRS - just that their level of crazy requirements seem to be keeping out the unbanked and excluding anyone who doesn't buy into the whole credit thing.  Insofar as credit goes, I don't even exist, and without going into detail, I've established major accounts of substantial complexity with multiple organizations, none of which have ever (until Robinhood, who I refuse to fund or verify with because of what I've mentioned) required a credit report be unfrozen / submitted.
TL;DR and I hope people read what you just wrote, though:


@_date: 2018-01-21 19:53:57
Thanks for compiling and posting this resource. Here's also a link to a bit of discussion of Lightning in the bitcoin repo on github, where some code was discussed and a link to rebased code was later posted.  
This had to do with the element of Lightning that could provide for routing of payments across more than one blockchain, and for other purposes.
@_date: 2018-01-10 18:02:17
Confidential Transactions is already here / available.  I don't know why people aren't using it already.. Actually, I do.  Because it isn't available from the GUI of popular wallets.
@_date: 2018-01-10 18:03:45
Schnorr is already in bitcoin.  In August of 2015, as I pointed out a year ago on reddit:
More specifically, and before someone screams that this isn't true, Greg Maxwell and Pieter Wuille implemented Schnorr / ring sigs in libsecp256k1, a library that was (still is) planned to replace Bitcoin's use of elliptic curve cryptography.
Perhaps there may be more discussion necessary for scaling and quantum immunity, but that is outside the scope of this thread.  There is more on that subject here:
@_date: 2018-01-10 17:49:46
To answer this question directly, I'm not sure if you have used Samourai yet or not, but in my experience it's pretty good at maintaining the Tor connection (which is part and parcel of what the Samourai program is designed to do, though it relies upon another program for that to happen) while you do things with it.  It had no trouble keeping Tor up while I was in the car during the Ricochet.  (One should check the connection visually before proceeding, though.  It's easy to see the connection status in the top notification bar.)
@_date: 2018-01-08 01:27:46
Upvoted your post and will share your site, definitely relevant and people should see it. 
Relevant past post:
Today bitcoin cap is in 33rd position in terms of its comparison to broad money / M2.  Soon (by this comparison) bitcoin cap will topple UAE, then Saudi Arabia not long after, then Russia. In the meantime, 2018 is the year that anonymity (or something close to it) will actually come as an option for bitcoin.  Think that the arguments over Segwit and the attacks by big blocker / BCH promoters in China and beyond were tough?  Those were easy to overcome.  You haven't seen anything yet.  Once governments start realizing just how little their currencies and controls matter anymore, the attacks on bitcoin (and many other cryptos) will really start to ramp up.  Get ready all, 2018-2020 will be fun years!  HODL.
@_date: 2018-01-08 01:33:15
Thank you for posting this.  Also for those reading, please don't use npm right now, due to that there is an npm vulnerability out that is kind of crazy (as though we didn't have enough vulnerabilities happening already to deal with).
Also, 3.0.4 didn't fix it.  Please update your Electrum to 3.0.5 (or above when later releases are provided, of course). See 
(Edit:  Thanks OP for changing your post to reflect that people should change to 3.0.5 or above, much appreciated.)
@_date: 2018-01-10 18:00:48
Supposedly going to come out this year, according to the developers of the Samourai wallet.
@_date: 2018-01-10 18:30:17
Good to hear from you.  Great to hear this - thanks for your hard work on this subject.  Anyone else reading this, who is up for it, please contribute to the code.
@_date: 2018-01-10 18:00:18


It is described as a "premium" transaction.  I'm not claiming it's a perfect solution.  


Technically, the more hops you have, the more expensive surveillance becomes.  I believe that Samourai's own page on the Ricochet transaction clearly states it isn't a silver bullet.  They are trying to show people that this sort of thing can be done in a light, mobile wallet.  


Yes, I would agree that zerolink would be great.  I would like to see this implemented in Core and made available in Samourai eventually.  @_date: 2018-01-31 18:04:40
You really do never know what you are going to get.  I am something of a bitcoin maximalist (have been since 2009) but am open to other currencies.  As a result of a collaboration with one alt (BCN, which is the coin from which Monero was forked) which at the time, a few years ago, was 63rd or 65th on the crypto market cap list (it wasn't worth much at that time, relative to some other decentralized cryptosystems), I was able to get an idea integrated into BCN that at the time simply would not have been possible to have been integrated into bitcoin: small, but voluntary microdonations (as an option in the BCN graphical wallet, either from mining or just from transactions).  see  for some details.  That was back in late 2015. (Today BCN is 28th on coinmarketcap, it usually has been ranging now somewhere between 20th and 25th, but the past couple days have been rough for all cryptos, though they will bounce back.)
In bitcoin, there was a bit of a waiting game for segwit to activate (now it's activated) and for lightning to become available (now there are hundreds of lightning nodes, though it is still in testing) both of which are preconditions before  can be developed in a bitcoin wallet.  (See also a colleague's project (u/ktorn) -  -- which will likely find eventual further development and application as lightning development proceeds.)  I think the voluntary microdonation concept envisioned originally and implemented in BCN can soon be developed in the form of a bitcoin GUI wallet that has that same feature.  
Interestingly, BCN and bitcoin have some of the same features now (bitcoin picked up some stuff that was originally present in BCN).  See:
1) 
2) 
So yeah, alts _can_ be good.  just be careful with them in terms of which you play with, and take your time.
@_date: 2018-01-11 11:09:39
Actually bech32 is used by the exchange, but there is a front end implementation that hasn't occurred yet there, specifically because it's not yet released in core. (Check their twitter)
@_date: 2018-01-28 07:12:20
This is a great idea, and I wonder if as part of this process perhaps the fees associated with Bisq use could be brought down. They are currently not very competitive.
@_date: 2019-07-26 16:34:11
Seriously, user23948234 whose acct was just created and who cannot even read and who is yet another cryptotax service shill? Go worship your lord in another corner. With your lube of choice as is available to you on the open market!
Also, read, you wanker!!! (Part of what I already wrote below)






Now be quiet.
@_date: 2019-07-18 09:59:02
The entire US Congressional membership is still learning to tie their shoes. Meanwhile what they don't fully understand, though some of them seem to perceive: FB / Libra is a complex global attacker, bent on extracting as much in membership (10MM/member/year if I recall the "association" proposal correctly) as they can and claiming they will in return deliver 4MM USD annual revenue to members - though frankly FB has no experience in the space, exchange industry participants such as TheRock Trading, Bisq, Kraken, and other long-term survivors who have made it this long, should not be paying FB the 10MM USD (if indeed they are considering paying that FB / Libra fee, they shouldn't) - FB should be coming on bended knee to offer 10MM USD. But none should accept it. What is the point of aligning one's business model with FB, a known global attacker that has no interest in protecting the long term privacy interests of exchange clients and which (FB) would be only too happy to guzzle all the data that exchanges can pour into FB's happy little mouth? JustSayNo to FB and Libra!!!
And if you thought CB's practice of account freezing and so on was bad now just wait til FB gets into it. They will use their discretion to freeze your shit without any reason given at far greater frequency. I stopped using CB in 2014 because of CB evil that has only gotten worse since.
Screw FB. I didn't get into crypto to bow to them.  If I ever thought I would be helping to serve FB from my efforts in crypto then I would not bother! Fight FB!!  Congress has no clue but if you think it is right to fight FB / Libra, you are correct and maybe not for the reasons you might have thought.
@_date: 2018-01-16 06:11:42
Thanks and you know everyone's welcome to contribute there.  Wish I could say I have done more recently, but I've been so busy.  Recent progress might compel me to take some time off on the weekends to contribute once more into some repos.
@_date: 2019-07-10 04:00:23
Of course. Bitcoin, yes. That and puppers, puppers are the best. And let me retire in peace. You don't want to bust down this door.
Also: puppers.
@_date: 2018-01-28 09:33:38


Really, I had no idea.  Thank you for introducing me to that [lake of wisdom]( Mighty Eagle!


That's frankly quite debatable.  But, I'm not going to waste my time debating it with you and explaining that there are many exchanges (yes, including centralized ones, that operate with licenses and / or agreements) that simply don't require what Robinhood requires, and don't demand credit reports in order to verify, don't have bank accounts as exclusive methods of funding, and so on, and so forth.  They may, for example, ask for some sort of identity verification at some point in the process, but Robinhood is just the total worst of anything I've seen.  And I've seen a lot, having observed things come and go since 2009.
Now, maybe they (Robinhood crew) have spent a lot of time on their interface.  (They have.) Maybe they have a really neat system for supposedly getting people into both crypto and stocks most easily.  (That's what they are trying to let you believe, anyway.)  But if you have those sort of limitations as I've described above, you can easily go to a different exchange that has similar ID checks (but not so arduous problems with getting money in and out, not to mention the issue that Robinhood doesn't even let you deposit crypto).  It's really that simple.  
I won't even get into the point that when bitcoin was created, it was done so without regard to the "laws of" various countries you refer to, and there are some hundreds of them.  It is hardly the concern of approximately 2/3rds of people in the world who either are unbanked, members of SystemD (the mostly unregulated kind, not the computer software kind), or both, what sort of regulations each country has to offer.  It is more in their interest as to how to move their money in their interest in a manner beneficial to them.
Sorry / not sorry if this rubs you the wrong way, but them's the facts.
@_date: 2019-07-18 13:17:10
Uh, "bitcoin doesn't meet immigration standards!" Or something. Lock it up? Heh heh.
Note: not funny. Hoping Crazy congress (House and Senate) somehow cancels out whatever the President was thinking about doing negatively with respect to bitcoin. They mainly seem intent on tearing into Libra right now.. perhaps they will keep thrashing around nonconstructively for a while.
@_date: 2018-01-11 11:17:34
A very big thank you to everyone involved in this PR. 
It has actually been a journey of a few years to get to this point; keep in mind that over two and half years ago, [this was still a far-off possibility still being discussed]( and we didn't know if it would happen or not.  As we got closer to Segwit activation it became apparent what had been hoped for, for so long, would indeed become a reality.
As others have pointed out repeatedly in this sub, Segwit and Lightning are great but there are more improvements to come that will be needed.  Seeing Segwit wallet support be merged in Core is an excellent and necessary step - safe to say most of us who have been observing this subject for years can't wait for 0.16 to be released.
But there's more to do here, and it's not done.  [Go here]( if you want to take a look at some areas to contribute.
Thanks, everyone.
@_date: 2019-07-23 14:17:20
The bigger piece here is that TD is doing this which in turn expands banking relations or should. But now ask them if they will open a corporate account that has "bitcoin" or "crypto" in the business name. Go ahead, see what they say. My guess is TD will say no, but Kraken, which acquired CF (Crypto Facilities), raised 13.4MM USD, and has already been doing futures including with various corporate clients, will say yes.
Exciting times though. There are now a variety of ways to go long on bitcoin. Or place whatever position you would like.
@_date: 2018-01-28 09:39:44


damn this is some enlightening shit I am learning
I guess I shouldn't talk about atomic swaps or anything like that. I will just get countered with another new fact that will blow my mind!
Have a nice evening.
@_date: 2019-07-06 04:22:32
This is great. Thank you kind human.
@_date: 2019-07-20 05:09:03
"THE POWER OF BITCOIN COMPELS YOU!"
@_date: 2019-07-07 04:22:56
Yeah I guess you should always shop around. Cool they are accepting by lightning though.
@_date: 2019-07-26 16:55:23
Yes, understood we are not just talking about bitcoin.... the data (for alts particularly) is hard to find and the study used by OP honestly cannot be substantiated readily.
Start here, then branch out: 
@_date: 2019-07-13 15:41:05
@_date: 2019-07-18 17:38:55
No. Not fake. You can donate bitcoin to Fidelity as I pointed out you twit. 
The fact is it is a DAF. Do your homework!
@_date: 2019-07-18 13:21:10
Tl;dr they have a huge cryptophilanthropic endeavor. Check it out: Fidelity Charitable! I have no commercial relation to them but I think it is cool and am exploring it.
Edit: saving you homework: 
Yes, by crypto also:
@_date: 2019-07-18 13:11:10
Privacy and fungibility (github, bitcoin core) discussion. Best just go to github. 9 months stale on github - needs help!
Particularly in light of Libracrapola, privacy and fungibility efforts in bitcoin are more important than ever.
@_date: 2019-07-06 04:25:19
Er nope. CT has been possible for years. So it is not "nothing," it is something. If you don't like the something, then build another something or pullrequest for something. Not everyone will like your something or find it to be swole crypto but they will respect you for making something.
@_date: 2019-07-02 14:55:00
@_date: 2019-07-20 05:10:33
_furiously calculating_
_date / time of something_
_awww dat gum_
Seriously tho, link for da curious: 
@_date: 2019-07-26 16:47:34
there really isn't enough data on alts. So I just used most recent Woobull data on bitcoin which includes other assets - gold, real estate, etc - to which others such as alts and alt beta indicators could be added.
Seriously this space can be such a clusterf*ck when it comes to reliable data aggregation and clumping numbers together.
@_date: 2019-07-26 13:58:07
I don't think that research is true... there is alternate perspective long available.
@_date: 2019-07-07 04:21:41
Keepin' it old school.
@_date: 2019-07-07 14:55:07
I see what you are saying. I tend to agree on the taxation point, but that is often not explained well. This helps (share it around):
But I am not totally convinced that "central powers," as you put it, are "the strongest mafia." The central banking system may be, but not everyone uses the old / federal reserve controlled banking system anymore, or put another way, people do use it, but by way of alternative financial (bank and non-bank) services that gradually are reducing demand for traditional or legacy banking systems. That isn't to say that typical banks as we've seen them exist in the past have no role, in fact they still are quite powerful. But they are not quite as powerful as they used to be. Consider this:
@_date: 2019-07-22 13:54:54


Yes, sure, along with some hardy humans, cockroaches and rats. But then you have this and this:
From Bulgaria (these are cash transactions):
(Placeholder for story on nuclear arms bazaar in Bulgaria)
Found it: 
None of that was done in bitcoin, fyi, and all of it is visible with equipment the US and Russian (and Chinese) militaries have, so when it goes "off the reservation" they can get a signal on it and send teams, but they don't always. Why? &lt;shrugs&gt;
From various other countries:
Edit: i used to do im-ex (not for bombs FFS) and these (article/video) are mostly good. Reporting generally solid.
@_date: 2019-07-13 19:36:51
I just noticed someone from Reason magazine also featured that same tweet thread. Not bad exposure.
@_date: 2019-07-18 17:41:37
So you promote fake news (a bloomberger article from leisig - who is long been a known enemy of all crypto), then you refer to an actual, real donor advised fund that accepts bitcoin at Fidelity Charitable, as fake? Screw you. I think honestly this sub is filling up with Congressional aides and other people who don't do homework.
@_date: 2019-07-19 17:54:36
True dat.
@_date: 2019-07-22 01:22:17
- bitcoin privacy has advanced and bounties awarded (p. 37)
- next steps are in process and include greater efficiencies generally (p. 38)
- Failbook can only copy bitcoin's success and cannot demand 10MM USD for membership to their association. Or, they can, but the non-thing with no market cap they have made, is open source so no-one should pay for access to an association that will just abuse all people's data you give them access to at any rate. So why bother? 
- Buy bitcoin
- Cheers
@_date: 2019-07-20 05:30:11
@_date: 2019-07-19 17:54:16
Thx. Nice work. :-)
@_date: 2019-07-20 05:23:07
The hilarious thing is a few years ago, _some bitcoin developers_ (not anymore mind you! Not anymore, for the most part! So say thankye for developer contributors!!) used to make sherman-arguments like those you heard in this video. Like "you shouldn't be able to do certain things with bitcoin," on and on, arguing that the only solution was "higher fees on everything," because... spam. And space. And other things we won't get into here like size...
 The result of this ended in a sort of civil war that *fortunately* ended with segwit as is today in bitcoin and later we got lightning development (for example, lnd and other repos with anti-censorship capability) wholly apart from the bitcoin/bitcoin repository, but still fully integral functionally with bitcoin.
There is a whole back story to how the gum was bought or put another way, how the west was won, and how the dababnehs and shermans were defeated and given a resting place at boot hill. There is a history, but too little time tonite to recount it all. Nite all, give thx for the old ones.
@_date: 2019-07-07 05:06:15
Something something when there is blood in the streets, something something buy. I forget the phrase..
Edit: found it! Or the history of the phrase, anyway: 
@_date: 2019-07-07 05:17:58
I'll shill Rothbard a bit here since this thread has some reading material recommended. You may have already but if you have not, read about Rothbard's description of autistic interventions.
@_date: 2019-07-06 19:23:03
 Good to see this progress, thnx.
@_date: 2019-07-26 18:58:49
o.k. finally I found a couple more sources...
1)  
"Bitcoin's hashrate dominance against its forks currently stands at 97%."
2)    - mix it up - you should get something
One more thing - what are the altcoins' various measures by which we can measure them? For example: 
- how many are forked from or based on BTC?
- how many will even matter (many may end up in dead coin status, so...)
- how many were used to test something before it could later appear in bitcoin?
- what are the risk measures and metrics? For example: 
- some alt has some return / BTC movement or BTC dev reward.. 
- compared to whatever... 
- time period or periods... 
- growth of joshie's safety...
-  stabilization of Alice and Bob's situation.
- how many will contribute to the growth of r/vyrdism ?
@_date: 2019-07-10 03:57:51
Nice. A few years ago there was a company that made bitcoin things out of wood but it went away. Glad to see the retro wood keys stuff back again.
@_date: 2019-07-07 15:13:08
This effort regarding Schnorr is very old in bitcoin time. It has been going on since before 2016.
In later 2016, Curve25519 researchers were the ones who had done much of the work  on Schnorr signatures, and it also originally entered the Bitcoin world earlier thanks to Greg Maxwell and Pieter Wuille who implemented them in libsecp256k1, a library that was developed and planned to replace Bitcoin's use of elliptic curve cryptography. In fact, you can see for yourself where the Schnorr ring sigs were merged into the repository intended for this development, here (August of 2015):
That was in 2015, as you see. We are now in 2019. That explains the time scale of the effort.
Older post on this can be found here:
@_date: 2019-07-01 12:57:32
ELI10 (long form): In June of 2019, the U.S. Supreme Court Justices upheld their prior Commerce Clause decisions (such as the Granholm decision of 2005, in which California and NY laws prohibiting direct-to-door shipping of wine were deemed unconstitutional and invalid), and expanded upon their Commerce Clause interpretation by reiterating that the Commerce Clause by its own force restricts State protectionism, and by deciding that Tennessee's durational residency requirement for alcohol licensees is unconstitutional.
See also, Amy Howe's article on the decision:  
"In his opinion, Alito indicated that the Constitution bars states from discriminating against “all out-of-state economic interests” – not just out-of-state alcohol and alcohol producers, as the retailers had argued." (Quoted from Amy Howe's SCOTUSblog article.)
ELI10 (short form): The U.S. Supreme Court decided that State laws that discriminate against out-of-state economic interests are unconstitutional, particularly when such State laws deprive citizens of their right to have access to the markets of other States on equal terms. Burdensome State licensing regimes were deemed unconstitutional.
ELI10 (shorter form): The U.S. Supreme Court decided that States may regulate, but not discriminate unfairly against commerce businesses conduct between States. Burdensome State licensing regimes were deemed unconstitutional.
ELI5: The nation's senior judges decided to protect businesses from the actions of certain States.  If you want to sell or trade with residents of other States, State governments can't stop you (though they may try).
@_date: 2019-07-07 05:15:54
Is that true still?
@_date: 2019-07-04 16:59:00
Yep, now the parents that said "you're crazy!" a few years ago are calling asking how they can get in on it. A little late, but I have always told them how to safely buy in.
@_date: 2019-07-22 01:01:07
Oh Duane. Poor poor Duane.
You are in for a long ride with a short and sudden stop. It's called gravity.
@_date: 2019-07-23 14:21:08
Good. That part you got right.
@_date: 2019-07-23 14:22:52
True. Of that I am sure.
@_date: 2019-07-26 13:46:29
A while back a tax question came up for me as well. 
- not same form 
- not same situation
- wasn't even crypto
- could have ended up being crypto related because of a number of reasons
- I didn't ask reddit what to do
- I got a tax attorney
- *I followed every bit of advice of my tax attorney*
- it took a while and some appeal layer(s) but it worked out. Expense was worth it. I won. The US IRS did not get what they sought but they got a piece and no problem. I was successful in my appeal. Etc. So on. Persist. Follow your attorney's advice... NOT THAT OF REDDIT. Question the interpretations you see here, certainly.
- do not take tax advice from people on reddit
- do not take tax advice from people on reddit, twitter, other social media even if they say they are a CPA
- DYOR
- Read your country's tax guidance on crypto
- *Take everything I say as though it is untrue*
- Don't trust the people who reply here every year (or in an hour or three) saying I am a horrible person while they shill for their product and claim expertise. They don't have it.
- Compare jurisdictions, but be aware of "exit taxes"
- Be aware of common biases in crypto communities against the USA
- DYOR....
- check out,  -- not directly related to your issues federally, but statewise is excellent
@_date: 2019-07-13 15:45:26
Where is the "bullish" comment? Because when (a President) is threatened by bitcoin, one could say that is bullish.
@_date: 2019-07-01 13:10:55
Agreed - though it does seem now that BAKKT may get the July 2019 launch they are aiming for: 
I have no comment on whether the BAKKT product is good or not. It is interesting to observe their progress.
@_date: 2019-07-07 05:10:32
Come on now, it's the UK-EU27, not the EUDSSR. Or is it the DRUKEU (Democratic Republic of the UK and EU)? Or maybe the DRUNKEU (short for the Drunk EU)? No matter what you call it, be ready this year before we get to Brexit leave date because that much it's clear is happening (UK leaves), and the EU won't be the same after.
@_date: 2019-07-30 23:19:51
Is this a serious question? It is not about what version of bitcoin they used, or if they used bitcoincore or electrum or something else.
The fact is the 1st silk road was taken down because they used:
- a centralized site where they took client funds (which were later seized as I understand)
- basically not great security or it would not have been compromised. Think about the sec / opsec here 
- a messaging system that could be compromised (and was)
- essentially this was tied into a forum? 
Which also was compromised. Read story above
- this goes on and on
- part of this which is difficult to explain or re-explain today (years after fact) is that you can't actually have a DEX if you are reliant upon a tor site or eepsite. Then eventually someone targets that site or the maintainer absconds if it is a long term project and you are screwed again.
- SR2, SR3, SR4 attempts/variants also got taken down / stomped on by law enforcement feet for much same reason
- I never dealt in SRs for mostly these reasons but always was curious about the exchanges' development. The truly decentralized vs claimed DEX vs regulated / centralized... etc. 
- will try to grab link from bitcoin core where this was discussed further. Bitcoin was never compromised. Bitcoin did have a "early exchange/market" (never finished) kind of slapped in by Satoshi(s) but it was stripped away by later Bitcoin protocol maintainers who opted for simplicity and less feature bloat.
Edit: found dat link: 
Technically that was for decentralized market that would have worked as exchange. Satoshis didn't solve it. OB ended up solving the thing. (OB works. Centralized/regulated markets work too. Bitsquare which was mentioned in the survey also works well, it has been renamed to Bisq: 
 The other one, the honey badger, that works pretty well. That is what they are all needing anyway. And what they are based on. Bitcoin.)
@_date: 2019-07-26 14:23:42
The study is just wrong. I will try to visualize why this is and get back into this sub w/ clarity. There are many factors at work.
@_date: 2019-07-07 05:04:51
Oh nice!
@_date: 2019-07-19 17:55:45
A bubble that never ends!
  - "THE POWER OF BITCOIN COMPELS YOU!"
@_date: 2018-09-13 16:13:55
Years ago I told these folks they should give their clients bitcoin trading and ownership opportunities, including client ability to hold keys. The dudes I chatted with looked at me like I was from another planet. Hah.
@_date: 2018-09-22 18:28:32
Just as an aside. Notice the palpable silence from CA Dems in the Legislature on Dababneh, who was kicked out of office for sexual misconduct, and who is both getting his buddies to support his new campaign while also making his sleazebag funds available to Newsom's campaign...
Crickets on that apparently while they desperately search for a way to derail Kavanaugh, accusations being such a political circus and shit show now that there is apparently no realistic method for them to stop him from being confirmed. The screaming over the next week will probably reach a fever pitch, I will just celebrate quietly indoors after the confirmation is done.
@_date: 2018-09-01 13:29:50
Pros of bitcoin in identity management: 
- best system in terms of preparedness and progress for QC / post-QC threat environments
- can easily be utilized to display only desired characteristics or Facets of identity, which can also be shared (multsignature aspects), thus allowing facets of how one identifies to be shared
- simplicity of the system, adoption by some major players (Microsoft, etc.)
- ongoing development (Liquid assets, etc.) likely to lead to further inprovement
Cons of bitcoin in identity management
- the applications of it for this purpose are poorly understood
- various privacy improvements not yet mainstreamed in bitcoin (e.g. present in some repositories - lnd, Samourai wallet, Wasabi, but haven't yet made their way into Core)
- NFC and smart property aspects of bitcoin are there but not yet broadly explored, developed, utilized.
Pros of ERC721 in ID management
- Beginning to be utilized by industry (Sendwyre, etc.)
- Can be readily traded
- Can be designed such that there is no need to send or share it with third parties
Cons of ERC721 in ID management 
- underlying system is not well developed for advent of QC to occur more broadly within a few years from now
- centralization concern (reliance on MetaMask,, etc )
- people may not wish to use it in ten years
@_date: 2019-07-13 18:08:05
@_date: 2018-09-23 01:26:04
This could be true. Then again it depends on who does it. Bitcoin is what it is today. They never captured the SatoshiNakamotos, but they probably tried a lot to. Suppose the parties that created it were captured or died. It still exists. Seems to have worked. 
@_date: 2018-09-22 20:51:01
Better yet just have DAOs and robots do it. Nobody to prosecute. This was proposed a long time ago. Searched for it here, 
@_date: 2018-09-22 18:34:03
Start by adding translation or contribute by helping run tests. As you get better you will feel more comfortable opening an issue or PR. Everyone can see what you do on github so bad behavior / malicious coding attempts are painfully obvious and won't pass. If you are new just jump in at github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin and feel free to ask questions.
Edit: you can see the most active contributors in the repository at a glance.
@_date: 2015-12-01 00:40:06
This is a very thoughtful post, and thank you for the description of the use cases.  Possibly another good one would be micro - donations (depending on how you want to define the sizes of the txs involved).
Please see history on CPFP here, for example (at least, for Bitcoin Core): 
Much discussion elsewhere, for sure.
@_date: 2018-09-10 14:13:22
The concept described here, so far as I am aware, was tested in 2014 and 2015, but on a very limited basis, and initially not in bitcoin (it was in a couple of Cryptonote based coins). But as described it has been possible now in bitcoin also.
@_date: 2018-09-22 19:39:25
A good answer for that can be found in the "Great Segwit Battle." Ultimately what would be developed was resolved and what would be adopted by who also took place. Over time by virtue of miner adoption and community consensus in development things are hashed out. And yes that does include the "majority of nodes and miners" upgrading as you indicated. It is a fun process.
Now you have all kinds of other things like Lightning, CT, various other privacy oriented developments - a bunch of other stuff, also in process in other repositories (not in the core repository but which are touching on the same subject of different ways to use bitcoin). Exciting times.
@_date: 2018-09-13 20:42:04
I am aware of these fora. I posed questions here which have not yet been answered elsewhere to stimulate discussion. Rather than redirecting, please provide an answer, unless you are a redditbot, in which case I might be talking to the void.
Does anyone have answers to the questions in the post that you would be willing to briefly type out Here? Thanks in advance.
@_date: 2015-06-16 04:55:04
No ~ changing circumstances alter the behavior with soft-fork, when less of 51% of hashing power changes to new version, for example, it will behave similar to a hard fork.  An explanation [and some visual description]( is here.
@_date: 2015-12-01 01:17:25
Dooming themselves forever.  Seriously.  This is the fooliest thing ever.  I am aware that fooliest is not a word.
@_date: 2018-09-01 12:53:09
Also, please read (or re-read) the book titled 1984, by Orwell. 
@_date: 2015-06-17 08:42:16
I've just joined the coordination mailing list as you suggested.  I definitely recommend you connect with the Education Committee ([weekly teleconference]( or alternatively [github or other ways](
I'm super glad to hear that you have no plans to stop recommending Bitcoin Core, and I am very much hopeful that editorial independence continues.  Considering all the pro-XT ranting I am hearing from some folk, you'd think that the world was about to become a billboard for XT (even though it's not), so I guess you'll understand my anxiety and concern about the future of bitcoin.org and what people might try to do to it.  
@_date: 2015-06-15 09:30:37
That's one way to look at it... but if you are trying to figure out what's next for bitcoin (in light of the fork proposal), not to mention the Foundation, I'm not sure that sentiment is altogether helpful.
@_date: 2015-06-10 01:26:29
It seems that this subject has come up before on reddit and elsewhere regarding the MultiBit HD fee.  And I think I've also heard the argument that you can just fork it and make your own wallet before (if you want to avoid paying the fee to MultiBit)... in other words, haven't we heard all this before?
But this then leads me to wonder, is there a page somewhere whose author has attempted to aggregate and list the various types of MutiBit wallets that have been produced over time?  Because there are a lot.  Based on what I can see, just on the the plain [jim618/multibit]( code alone, it's been forked 265 times and this [MultiBit HD]( code has been forked 28 times!  Further complicating this, is that a fork does not a new wallet make, forks may be made as part of the development process of the code intended to be merged back into the original repository, not necessarily to create a new wallet with new features in a different repository.
So, my question remains, has someone made an attempt to document visually the various MultiBit wallets which developers have made or are in the process of making?  If you could see a website where the actual wallets were listed (or where websites for different multibit projects other than the primary multibit.org appear) then it would be easier to understand, first, what's out there, and second, what of the various multibit projects you might want to use.  
@_date: 2015-12-01 02:25:41
Absolutely ~ well, for one, 
Various states, and possibly the International Monetary Fund itself, will (continue to) examine hybrid currencies, such as those utilizing bitcoin technology while also also adding a layer of state-backed code to limit the use of technology and create state-backed crypto-fiat. Indeed, this has already been happening to some degree:
Note that in a prior year the IMF was involved in discussing bitcoin and the blockchain.
Apart from the somewhat dated news article shown above, 
you may recall that there were 10 banks looking into blockchain tech in July?  Now there are (over) 100. 
At the same time, bank branches have been closing at an increasing rate and institutional failure is at an all time high, and SystemD (a.k.a. the unregulated or dark market side of things) is poised to be 2/3rds of the world before 2030. 
- China's institutions are failing and in the past have been used by the US government which has sought out China as a lender. China's GDP growth figures are (largely) faked. The US is indebted to China, and China cannot keep throwing money at the USA. Although China is currently the US's top foreign creditor, this sort of reliance cannot stand forever.
China's recent situation does look indeed like 1929 all over again:
The long decline of the US dollar now comes to a head, being dealt the final hand of a decision that will place the yuan ahead of the US dollar in major international transactions particularly for BRICS countries.  An obvious ancillary effect of this will mean that certain goods and services will be more expensive for people accustomed to using the US dollar and thus there will be both an opportunity (but also an abrupt transition) for those transitioning to different cryptocurrencies.
- Countries which have relied solely upon a stronger US dollar will be in for a shock. For example, in January 2000, Ecuador (South America), in the context of a deep economic and political crisis, adopted the U.S. dollar as its legal tender. This also happened with El Salvador (Central America). The consequences of full “dollarization” are that the country doing this completely gives up control of monetary and exchange rate policy and loses its ability to respond to a sudden run on bank deposits throughout the entire system. Foreign aid systems will be likewise impacted.
These are just a few statements as to why the significance of this development for bitcoin and cryptocurrencies cannot be understated.
@_date: 2015-06-20 18:50:30
Mycelium LT, probably.  If they wanted physical dollars.  Or Vaultero, if they wanted to exchange bitcoin for off-site gold.
@_date: 2015-06-17 04:55:44
I was going to make that point about the Chinese miners actually, but you beat me to it.  They (Chinese miners) [want an increase to 8 MB]( -- I've added that as an edit to my Bitcoin Foundation forum post -- so at this point, it looks like there is consensus (well.. actually I don't know that there is... it seems however that there is more consensus than before, at least in the context of what Chinese big miners want).
  I'll be curious to see what direction this goes on the bitcoin-development mailing list, as I haven't seen reactions to it there yet, but one thing is clear, the big miners don't support Gavin's proposal (to 20 with hard fork), they do want their 8 MB, and how exactly they get there doesn't seem to be too heavy of a concern.  I suspect that the question that will continue to be raised on bitcoin-development is one related to the issue which has involved a lot of kicking the can down the road on issues related to governance, methods of introduction and getting proposals adopted, and so forth.  
And the question still is up in the air as to which of the various methods will be used to address the underlying problem.  If it's Jeff Garzik's BIP100 for example, there will be a staged system probably involving hard fork(s), but with a lot of peer review and a tremendous amount of time and testing involved.  If Gavin and Mike continue to push XT (for which no code yet exists to review in XT for the proposal and no BIP yet exists, and which exists essentially as a proposal to push a merchant-friendly, lighthouse-focused alt) then there will end up being a "bitwar" which will result in a row of NACKS and very unproductive bitcoin-development talk.  If one of Adam Back's proposals moves forward and is tested and made ready, we can expect a soft-fork proposal (simplified soft-fork one-way peg) which would emerge before the other hard-fork-reliant proposals can be ready to be tested and implemented.  
My point being, there is a lot of talent and no one way to arrive at a solution for the issues that face bitcoin.  However, for Gavin and Mike to believe they can force their solution on the community (particularly given that neither of them are the project maintainer and that they are facing a massive rejection of their proposal from a worldwide community) would be foolhardy indeed ~ time for them to stop and retract their proposal, or at the very least if they move forward, take the effort to make a serious BIP.
Thanks for your comments on this thread.
@_date: 2015-06-07 01:43:01
This is great, but could you add some instructions for those who do not know how to start it up and make it work properly ("'How to Start a Node' for Dummies," or its equivalent), and perhaps include those instructions (or a link to them) on the page for Core at  ~ that would be great. Thanks!
@_date: 2015-06-20 18:33:05
If you are truly interested in the ToS related to Mycelium Gear (insofar as how your data flows through it and... terms) then I would recommend reading the open source license which is applied to [Straight](  Gear is built on top of Straight. The license for Straight is [MIT]( just like the license applied to Bitcoin.  The rest (in terms of where your data goes) has to do with BIP32, which allows Gear to generate new addresses for your wallet knowing only your public key, without having them store information about you.  Gear isn't a formal intermediary and thus doesn't expose you to AML/KYC in the way that Coinbase or Bitpay (or any other web wallet) would.  
@_date: 2015-06-17 05:15:24
Could it be just that the Chinese mining pools are trying to bring a sort of consensus to a situation which has been, so far, fraught with the highly problematic and divisive situation caused by Gavin Andresen and Mike Hearn pushing an extremely risky concept that would have led to an XT alt and Core as "bitcoin" with a fractured community?  Maybe what the Chinese are trying to do is resolve the situation (apart from the numbers here), stop the most ridiculous proposal (Gavin's hard fork to XT at 20) from moving forward, and suggest movement that would indicate parameters for what bitcoin-development participants can actually do to resolve this situation?  Yeah, maybe that.
@_date: 2015-06-19 02:23:31
I don't have much to say here, except... wow.
@_date: 2015-12-05 08:44:57
Huge! Thank you!
@_date: 2015-06-15 09:34:30
The Chinese exchanges in the article are against Gavin's proposal.  They aren't against block size increase. Another important note is that they aren't making various public remarks on bitcoin-development mailing list.  But you will see public statements from time to time.
@_date: 2018-08-14 11:37:37
Sometimes the strangest things are truer than fiction.
@_date: 2015-06-16 03:32:36
To be clear, there are a variety of ideas which don't rely on Gavin's proposal of a hard fork to XT, and any of these alternatives would solve the problem(s) that the community is trying to address right now.
One is Cameron Garnham's idea of dynamic block size adjustment, a soft-fork process. It is not impossible, but it comes with implementation difficulties.
Bryan Bishop posted a list of alternatives which do not rely on Gavin's approach.
Jeff Garzik has a proposal, BIP-100 which seems already better than
Gavin's having benefit of peer review, which Jeff has been incorporating.
Adam Back proposed several soft-fork models which can be deployed safely and immediately, which do not have ledger risk, and he has another proposal relating to simplified soft-fork one-way pegs
which he will be presenting briefly. 
There is no basis for Gavin's approach (and Gavin and Mike's collusion to attempt to ramrod through the hard fork to XT with the risks that entails).  It is time for them to return to the process, submit a BIP, retract the
unilateral hard-fork and not further alarm companies and investors.
@_date: 2015-06-15 22:14:09
That's simply not true, see, for example, [Cameron Garnham's idea of dynamic block size adjustment]( which is a soft-fork approach, requiring only some agreement as to parameters.
@_date: 2018-08-10 07:12:28
u/dsterry 
@_date: 2015-06-17 08:07:32
stated that,


You have essentially confirmed this, but I have something to add to it which I feel adds an important dimension.
 [I have suggested]( that Gavin Andresen and Mike Hearn should voluntarily withdraw from being contributors at  at least until such time as the matter of the conflict over how to move forward and address the serious issues facing bitcoin are resolved.  I do not believe that bitcoin.org should be used as a platform for XT at any time during this debate, nor should it ever be used to promote adoption of XT.  While this may seem unlikely, it has entered my mind as a concern.  Put more bluntly, when one goes to  you should always see Core and never some clickbait for an XT alt-ish thing, nor should XT appear anywhere else on the page (or pages), now or in the future.  If XT (Gavin, Mike) consider their project worth devoting more time to then they should (beyond making a BIP, etc.) set up a website for it and promote it in a manner that is completely away from bitcoin.org.
Also, bitcoin.org has been consistently funded year after year by the Foundation (though it is clear that such funding in the future will be far less, the Foundation has always in the past supported bitcoin.org at some level), and as such the members are rightly concerned about what happens about and with that page.
- pcvcolin, Chair, Education Committee, Bitcoin Foundation
cc @_date: 2015-12-01 01:18:16
I never used them anyway. Total idiots.
@_date: 2015-06-15 09:29:25
What organizations do you belong to, and what services do they provide?  Also, what are the philosophies of the organizations?  Do they anticipate that you should provide them a lot of money (and thus have a more exclusive or hooty-tooty kind of membership while also giving you a sense that they are putting your money to good use) or do they anticipate or expect that members will serve as volunteers in the organization and that the membership fee is less important than what the members and Board actually do?  As pointed out in my post, EFF, which is a tremendously successful nonprofit, relies on grassroots activism (the voluntary actions of its members) and has maintained a 25 dollars and up structure for how its membership fee works.
@_date: 2018-08-10 16:23:59
Participation and marketing, two very key things.
@_date: 2018-08-19 15:18:57
Will be observing more on the project. Thanks for the writeup.
@_date: 2015-06-20 18:59:13
Kudos to for highlighting Gear here, check out also the mentions of Gear in comments [at the Firearms Policy Coalition blog on this issue](
@_date: 2018-05-16 20:36:14
Hi, I wanted to make a quick comment on this.  It's funny, but in other circles, a few years back (as a comparative example), when some pro-2nd Amendment communities were warned of California's approach to things, many people would say the same thing.  Remarks like "vote with your feet" were common.  They didn't understand (and seem to continue to refuse to understand) that the big decisions would be made in the courts that would affect multiple states.  Oddly, the gun-controller types who have populated much of the California Democratic Party, don't seem to understand this either.  To wit:
The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit (in case citations, 9th Cir.) is a U.S. Federal court with appellate jurisdiction over the district courts in the following districts:
    District of Alaska
    District of Arizona
    Central District of California
    Eastern District of California
    Northern District of California
    Southern District of California
    District of Hawaii
    District of Idaho
    District of Montana
    District of Nevada
    District of Oregon
    Eastern District of Washington
    Western District of Washington
Appeals from decisions of the "9th Circus" as it is known can be done but are difficult to construct and advance.  At best it is a years long endeavor with no guaranteed outcome.   If you can get a bad decision from the 9th Circus up to the U.S. Supreme Court (no guarantee at all of that, remember) then there's a possibility of you getting your argument, if it's good, to reverse the 9th Circus's decision, as 79 percent of the recent 9th Circus decisions (of those which have successfully made it to the U.S. Supreme Court after being challenged...) have been reversed.  But you have to sacrifice a large chunk of your lifespan to get there.
And since you mentioned New Hampshire, that's under the 1st Circuit:
The United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit (in case citations, 1st Cir.) is a federal court with appellate jurisdiction over the district courts in the following districts:
    District of Maine
    District of Massachusetts
    ***District of New Hampshire***
    District of Puerto Rico
    District of Rhode Island
Didn't like that Rhode Island or Maine decision?  Too bad, the legal system makes you have to deal with it even if nothing like it ever was decided in New Hampshire.  (And it likely was, even if you insist it was not, because precedent.)
 
If you are pushing a case up through the court system on an issue that will likely argue the constitutionality of an issue, it won't necessarily protect you just because you live in, for example, Idaho, or Nevada, instead of California.
Don't get me wrong, I like free states.  I hope to retire in Idaho actually (but we'll see, I'm still open on the question of where I might ultimately retire - the country of Chile also looks pretty good, at least right now, due to its (lack of) bitcoin regulation - but that could easily change).
However, where states make laws (and especially where those laws are dubious, potentially unconstitutional, or just plain ridiculous), they will be challenged.  Where are those challenges heard?  The courts.
Some of this (court battles, etc.) can be avoided - and a lot of it has been avoided, in the case of bitcoin regulatory issues -  ***simply by defeating bitlicense (typically this emerges as proposals for state law or regulation) wherever it is proposed.***  That is why in New York, unfortunately, is still fighting away in NY courts battling bitlicense (and he deserves all the help he can get in the form of donations and other relevant assistance), and in states like California, we haven't had to challenge bitlicense in court, ***because we defeated it not once, but several times, before it ever was made law -- so it doesn't exist in California.*** But as I have also pointed out in the past, it is insufficient to merely wait for another bitlicense proposal to emerge and then struggle to beat it down again.  That's whack-a-mole. That's not an ideal strategy.  
That's why I also advocate for some sort of self-regulatory construct such as  a modified version of CCSS --  - to be utilized by exchanges (voluntarily) to promote security standards across the industry. Probably industry leaders have a different idea of what should be a good SRO or self-regulatory organizational structure, but having one that the exchanges all agree upon, and that governments also accept as a useful standard, would in fact keep states from attempting to advance more and more of these stupid bitlicense proposals. 
As we have seen, bitlicense has been adopted in New York - and NC -- and has been introduced in Connecticut, Hawaii, Nebraska, and Alaska. The Nebraska and Hawaii bitlicense proposals have been postponed for now.  
But the Connecticut and Alaska state bitlicense proposals are still very much active and deserve our advocacy against those proposals ***no matter what state we reside in.***
It's not sufficient to just tell people to "move to state X" when in fact the effect of bad policy in one or more states eventually bleeds over into other states.  We need to put a stop to bitlicense now.  This requires both legislative advocacy as well as our participation in the technical (coding) development of privacy enhancements to bitcoin and other similar systems.
@_date: 2018-08-10 06:04:40
"PTB" :-)
@_date: 2014-10-29 18:13:19
I'd suggest taking a look at the [OpenBazaar decentralized currency exchange gist]( as well as a past discussion (involving yourself / ripper2345 and vbuterin) where [I commented on a possible collaboration between Mastercoin and Ethereum](
Also, thanks for your [detailed and thoughtful approach to user privacy](  I'm following that thread closely.
@_date: 2018-05-16 04:19:30
do you want to help too?
A) [for those who want to help advocate against bitlicense in U.S. states where it's still being proposed]( *
1) The Nebraska bitlicense proposal referred to in the link above has been ***indefinitely postponed*** as of April 18, 2018, but it could be brought back at some point, so be vigilant
2) The Hawaii bitlicense proposal referred to in the link above has been deferred, but it could be brought back at any time
3) The Connecticut bitlicense proposal referred to in the link above is still being actively considered at this time. (Needs advocacy against the proposal)
4) The Alaska bitlicense proposal referred to in the link above is still being actively considered at this time. (Needs advocacy against the proposal)
B) [for those who want to contribute directly to bitcoin privacy development](
thanks in advance!
@_date: 2014-02-13 19:06:27
Interesting. Thanks for sharing.
@_date: 2018-08-19 15:00:21
Agreed. But, to add to that, as the adage goes, follow the money.
Since his biggest contributors were in fact the banks, including payday loan companies, a handful of credit unions, the mortgage banking industry, and Farmers Insurance, just keep an eye on where that money goes and you know where he (or the political beneficiaries of his donors) will be trying to end up. "Follow the money" in principle makes it easier to follow, track, and stop him.
Interestingly, all the way up through the end of 2017, you have banks, medical groups... and Ford motors, even? ... contributing to this scumbag, for a "Dababneh for Assembly 2018" campaign fund: 
Where will this money be used, I wonder? If not for Dababneh, then it is a slush fund meant to conceal political funding for political operatives of an equally shitty variety.
Also, and by now this should go without saying, but don't vote for Dababneh's buddies if you are in California.
Here is the record of Legislators who associated themselves with Dababneh and his bitlicense proposal (which failed three times over several years, and fortunately was never successfully made law in California) before he was forced out of office in disgrace (the ones you should NOT be supporting, voted "yes" on Dababneh's bitlicense proposal, as shown in the "Ayes" votes documented at the below link):
If you live in California, and use bitcoin, and if you  continue to vote for these people, you are basically condemning us to have to fight such stupid proposals over and over forever. *Do not vote for them.*
@_date: 2018-08-14 11:38:48
It is not Thanksgiving yet, and don't spend your lira all in one place.
@_date: 2014-02-03 22:40:43
It will go totally nuts!  Anything mentioned or frantically featured by MaxK will surely rise.  Or explode.  Or something.  But it won't do nothing! Thanks for the link.
@_date: 2018-08-10 06:58:41
Yes, SMS is security! Add blockchain and shake-n-bake.
@_date: 2014-01-25 02:27:53
It was special to me, I didn't even know that sort of thing existed.  I have been living without TV since 2003.  Even though I have internet, I try to use it for things that matter, like getting out educational / informational content, and making stuff.  I am new to QR codes.  This is super cool to me.  (joy, joy.)
@_date: 2014-02-03 04:02:20
So, Bitcoin 3D.. as in, [PiperWallet]( Or are you thinking of printing your own version of the [Casascius coin]( which got regulated out of existence? (Technically anyone could make something more or less like a paper wallet but made out of something more permanent.)  Decentralization is key, if you have to rely on a website to provide something, it can be shut down, but if it is viable / popularized through p2p trading opportunities, it can't be stopped.
@_date: 2014-05-17 22:20:42
This is a very interesting idea, but I feel a need to mention the problems associated with it as well- relating to technical issues as well as the issue of what I will refer to here as "archaic echo," a process in which people have (relatively recently) attempted to echo dinosaur institutions in a blockchain rather than come up with fundamentally new systems.  One example of the "archaic echo" is [bitcongress]( a profoundly flawed proposal that - more than anything - describes how desperate some people are to cling to the past.  
We do not need more Foundations, more centralized structures, nor do we need a DAO (distributed autonomous organization) to handle this.  I do not object to people making DAOs, but they are not necessary to implement the idea under discussion in this thread.  
What then? We need a system which can handle the process of people supporting what they want and which does not attempt to replicate structures that require "votes" or "representation," which can themselves become a sort of digital fascism.  A process which enables you to contribute and make choices without how much money you have giving you some vote or power, and a process which enables anyone to contribute in any way they want whether monetarily or not.  I will empasize here that the [WhisperSystem Bithub]( and [sx tools]( are very good examples of how we can implement such a process.  If you haven't looked at those two items, you should seriously do so!  Much work has already been done to develop a manner which would enable you to support what you want to in distributed systems.
Please see my concerns about the Foundation and my response(s), both [here]( and also regarding the subject of "votes," [here](  I certainly hope you read them both thoroughly.
If that interested you at all, I hope that you read a longer post I made in the Bitcoin Foundation forum, [here]( relating to the rise of decentralized societies. (Please read the entire thread and any participants' thoughts for full context.)  However, I caution you that you probably aren't going to like what you read.
Regarding support for the core developers and bitcoin itself, please consider taking a look at [an open issue relating to this very matter]( as it appears in the bitcoin repository on github (!). This discusses WhisperSystems BitHub and other items which would be excellent to consider.  It would be advisable that you consider the issue from the context of open issues and build upon the thoughts which have been voiced in the development process, which have included many voices at this stage.
Finally, I encourage you to check out my project, which some people may be interested in (within the context of this thread) specific to decentralized methods of giving, [here](
@_date: 2015-06-16 15:26:18
From gavinandresen's commentary added to the softfork explainer previously linked ~
"old software will accept all the blocks and transactions created by new software, but the opposite may not be true. "Soft" changes do not require the entire network of miners and merchants and users to upgrade or be left behind."
It would depend on what you are designing to push out to the community and the extent of the adoption of the change.  A soft-fork doesn't involve a dictatorial action by a small group of people with their own interests (as a real hard fork would) but rather is the result of free market conditions which determine whether or not the soft fork proposal ultimately becomes successful with at least 51% hashing power switching over to a new version.  
For more information on this to compare and contrast, see:
Again, and for emphasis:
There is no basis for Gavin's approach (and Gavin and Mike's collusion to attempt to ramrod through the hard fork to XT with the risks that entails). It is time for them to return to the process, submit a BIP, retract the unilateral hard-fork and not further alarm companies and investors.
@_date: 2014-05-01 02:58:02
This (two-factor authentication) is a great idea, but it's not yet a release that's a result of bitcoin development, it's an app outside of the development process, I wouldn't trust it unless it were first raised as an issue or pull request and then reviewed thoroughly by bitcoin developers.  This hasn't happened (as the reviewer points out, if handled through decentralized bitcoin p2p model, then a process is more secure, but this if something handled through someone's server, would not be secure).   I wonder if this would truly be peer to peer and I'd like to see this raised as an issue or pull request formally in bitcoin development, I couldn't find it in the bitcoin repository or in github anywhere.  I note that the developer said he was likely to just release it as a fork of multibit, but this should really go as a pull request or open issue into bitcoin/bitcoin on github! BTW here are the most recent release notes for [Bitcoin Core 0.9.0]( and for [Bitcoin Core 0.9.1](
Shameless plug for my project to make the financial systems more compassionate is [here]( :-)
@_date: 2014-10-30 03:35:56
That's excellent.  I need to read more about this.
@_date: 2014-11-05 22:48:39
Thanks! :-)
@_date: 2014-11-06 04:21:58
So glad I am bailing on this centralized services scene.  Stories like this are just part of what make me seriously concerned for the future of bitcoin-oriented web services.  In other news:  Check out [OpenBazaar]( (in beta, close to v3.0), a decentralized market and currency exchange.
@_date: 2014-05-17 22:53:10
Here is an example of [my more detailed concerns]( when I observe would-be investors throw their money at (mostly archaic) ideas.
@_date: 2018-08-10 07:04:38
Interesting, thanks. What are your thoughts on Rein -  - also free, also to facilitate finding of jobs and/or hiring for bitcoiners, but is a protocol and decentralized? 
Note: here is the general github place 
@_date: 2014-10-29 18:05:15
For clarification, I felt I was speaking against the disclosure of identity-related information (and I also support technological development that would improve anonymizing of location as a part of the protocol development ~ the tor-bitcoin interaction (as it *currently* exists) is fraught with problems, and isn't a real solution to the location problem).  However, I don't object to code solutions that offer the user a choice as to whether or not they wish to disclose any given transaction publicly. The idea that this should be a choice is part of the concepts written into the initial documents on github for my [ABIS project]( Additionally, while I'm concerned about the potential for legal coercion in [proposals that suggest that transactions above a certain amount would be disclosed as a feature of the way that code operates]( I believe as long as the end user is able to decide whether or not to turn such a feature on or off, and so long as the code feature is not a result of a coder attempting to hard code legal compliance into a system, then I would not object to it.  The best and most worthy code projects will be designed without regard for the laws of any corporation-state (which means that in most cases they will be published anonymously into different repositories), will be open sourced, respect user agency and anonymity, provide [the option for compassionate microdonations as components of any transaction the user desires]( (enabling distributed-digital management of funding of social good), and will live or die on their merits.
@_date: 2014-01-25 02:29:31
WHAT is that even :-0
thank you
@_date: 2014-01-23 00:52:51
@_date: 2014-01-25 06:45:29
Well, I could be Satoshi.  Me and the guinea pig.  How are you to prove or disprove this?
@_date: 2014-02-03 04:15:54
Well, it's overdue that [Zerocoin / Zerocash got some good coverage](  These are serious proposals that merit more attention.
@_date: 2014-12-30 02:50:22
Hi Peter, it's now clear there were some website hiccups some (5-6 days or more) ago but regardless, the following is clear:
responding to Gavin's post from bitcointalk ~
Feb. 11, 2015 is the date for registration to vote
Feb. 13-19, 2015 is when the "polls are open"
The Foundation also refers to members receiving an e-mail afer they've "registered" (presumably having confirmed their e-mail through the member page) but I haven't received any e-mail about the elections ~ I'm guessing this business of actually notifying membership by e-mail about dates of registration and dates when they can vote, is something the Foundation may still be working on, hopefully, being that I have received no e-mail about the matter (and I'm paid in full).
With that said, Peter, what dates (I'm guessing in late January or early Feb) would you be available to moderate a IaMA / AMA?
@_date: 2014-12-23 19:29:06
You are fried_dough and not a sugary donut.  Please learn the difference.  Have a great day.  By the way, not to engender debate, but if I suddenly removed your content from reddit, would you consider that censorship?  I bet you would.  I wouldn't do that by the way.  Again, fried_dough, done here, good day.  The full Board will decide the outcome (or not, whatevs!) what will happen in the question of the question on what happens with my pending agenda requests - one of which I've been waiting for for five monts, another which is new and has to do with The Censorship issue.  And remember the difference between fried_dough and sugary donuts. Very important.  ciao now
@_date: 2014-11-20 20:19:35
Get an Electrum wallet.  Lightweight and can be put on your laptop or mobile device.
@_date: 2014-02-05 17:29:46
Great stuff, thank you.
@_date: 2014-01-26 09:34:02
This QR thing is very sweet. Thank you.
@_date: 2014-06-16 23:58:35
I bailed out of Ghash.io/cex.io the first time they came close to this and encouraged others to do the same.  Here we are again, and this time it's really courting disaster.  Yes, Bitcoin would survive such attacks, but is this where we want to be?  **No.**
I absolutely agree with luke-jr that Ghash.io has (1) not been involved in any meaningful decentralization efforts to date and (2) I would also submit that they are unlikely to do so now.
On the flip side of this, I have proposed [a partial solution]( myself to this problem and it was dismissed by a founding member of the Bitcoin Foundation (who was also until recently the bitcoin lead developer) as being "[too abstract](  The person who closed the issue I raised did so without bothering to participate in the discussion about the issue at hand.  The development community rather than encourage ideas that could help, dismisses and discourages them.   That is how we got here:  There has been too much dismissing and excluding of innovators, too little emphasis on giving and decentralizing, and too much fascination with industry.  It's not like no-one saw this coming, it's a train that's been headed for Bitcoin for a long time.
There are solutions to this problem but unfortunately if the Chief Scientist of the Bitcoin Foundation continues to dismiss innovative ideas for decentralization as 'too abstract,' we will see massive attacks propagated on the Bitcoin network, beginning with the already existing attacks designed to decouple and de-anonymize those using Tor connections in conjunction with Bitcoin use, and progressing to much more serious and larger scale attacks, including (but not limited to) equilibrium attacks.
I recommend visiting [the following discussion]( for some solutions to the problem of the unusual centralization that is inherent in the Foundation itself.  Please support the positions of nwfella, ripper234, and ABISprotocol.  One member, one vote, instead of centralization and maintenance of class structures that are harmful to our communities.
I also recommend that you visit [the following link]( for additional solutions to the problem of centralization of mining.
*edit:*  A portion of the issue I raised is now being discussed on the [bitcoin development mailing list]( ~ ongoing discussions related to it **[are archived here](  Thanks to those that are actively considering and developing new concepts in response to my post on bitcoin development.  I greatly appreciate the thoughts and energy you put into maintaining and improving our systems.  
@_date: 2014-01-12 22:33:15
Rather than include it in the blog post to which I previously referred, I am wondering if someone already addressed your question [here]( (?)  Let me know if this is what you were looking for.
@_date: 2014-12-30 03:20:29
Happy to help!
@_date: 2014-12-23 16:53:58
Is it time for all charities to accept bitcoin? Not if they are using it merely for deductions.. it doesn't make sense just to get out of taxes or to claim it as some kind of writeoff or something or on the other hand to have a clarification for tax purpose or (shudder)... interpretation of it by a corporation-state as income? (Regardless of what any country does, it's a slippery downhill slope, and technological communities of the world have no interest in giving North Koreas, Russian Federations, or La USAs of the world their combined resources ~ so let's move right along.)  We need to move in a different direction as communities.  However, many charities can accept bitcoins (or many other decentralized virtual currencies) independent of tax forms (not that this content provided here suggested tax forms should be used - it didn't - but there seems to be a huge emphasis this time of year on taxes and tax forms).
Full disclosure, I'm a Candidate for Individual Director for Bitcoin Foundation.
On the other hand, why not examine how charities can simply accept bitcoins and manage them?  And on the one hand there are associations, and on the other there are nonprofits which should surely consult with their lawyer -- nonprofits that have a lot to lose from losing potentially a legal status should certainly consult their legal eagle.
But individuals and associations which are curious about receiving donations or just routing what has been given to them, to others, should simply do so, without being concerned at all about regulation. In fact such a method has been set up for them to do exacty that:
As I've looked into this a bit more it occurs to me that there are various layers to this. I'll address them as simply as I can with basic instructions that you can use.
1) The case of nonprofits or any business organizations who don't want a bitcoin wallet but would like to be able to accept bitcoin donations
I'm going to suggest for these cases that (BitGive, as an example ~ but really this could be anyone) send various organizations a link to various instructions, which do not require any wallet client.
Alternately, such organizations that don't want a bitcoin wallet and / or don't want to do any bitcoin setup, might consider allowing themselves to receive donations through an organization such as BitGive so that donations BitGive receives could be disbursed to organizations under BitGive's nonprofit umbrella, or alternately could allow BitGive to set up a charitable campaign for them.
2) In case BitGive (or anyone else) wants a simple, open source point of sale solution, which supports bitcoin payments or standard cards, recurring payments, analytics and so forth:
Consider crowdtilt/open, which has been beta tested.  Includes simple two-line thing for donation button for any Wordpress, personal site, etc.  This can be easily found online.  For developers please be sure and check signatures!  For many small organizations and some large ones, crowdtilt/open may be a very good and simple solution.  But it is not the only one.
3) In case you want donors to be able to take advantage of privacy and tailor the experience specifically to those interested in managing donations ~ more work, but may be better overall experience if you are trying to manage how donations are routed to multiple organizations:
The following instructions will be useful (note, these are installation instructions, which assume you are running a Linux-based operating system (Ubuntu, other) and minimal knowledge of terminal commands ~ but if these seem confusing, get in-person help from any local coder/developer you may know).  The following provides a method of use of stealth addresses in tandem with a charity donation graphical user interface:
(Note/ Disclosure!: Different wallet systems have different levels of support for stealth addresses - some have no support, others can support it.  Status on different systems is shown here.)
   a. Install 'sx' with shell script.  Link to shell script [here](
   b. **UPDATED** Instructions for next steps with 'sx' at [this link](
   c. **UPDATED** Note script and charity donations sections [of the instruction](  Include or change organization names, bitcoin addresses, etc. as needed.
   d. QR code generators in this system have installation instructions available [here](
   e. For organizations that expect to receive anything more than tiny amounts of bitcoin donations, a multisignature setup should be established *first.*   Info on that [here]( which includes instruction for setting up multisignature in 'sx' as well as how to release (spend) the coins.
Note that you can also set up multisignature fairly easily through [Coinkite]( (consult Rodolfo), create M-of-N multisignature through some kind of multisignature escrow.
   Regarding   ~ 
   New as of Dec. 1, 2014,  has the following features:
    Multisig address generation now supports compressed public keys.
    Transactions and redeem scripts will return more information when they're decoded, including the N-of-M number and the    
    amount of times they've been signed.
    Better transaction builder. You can build transactions from regular addresses as well as multisig addresses.
    Improved signing function. Regular transactions as well as multisig transactions can be signed.
    You can generate compressed and uncompressed public keys.
    Private keys are given a password field by default with option to show them later.
    You can generate addresses from Brain wallets.
    A built in browser based wallet, with access to your own private keys!
   
Please feel free to share these instructions / recommendations with anyone you see fit to share and collaborate with.... but please also if you are the one actually developing this, please check signatures with those who actually published the code and exchange communication via valid gpg to be sure.  Design is not always easy, that's for sure - it may be straightforward, but confirmation that you have what you need requires some time to get the communication right and I recommend in-depth commitment to gpg communication via gpg e-mail.
Hope this helps ~ Cheers,
@_date: 2014-11-12 20:12:46
Additional comment ~ I'm now *formally* a candidate, having been nominated by an individual lifetime member and a Board member.  You can see the details [here](
@_date: 2014-07-13 23:10:37
Yes, it did... thank you for this reminder.
@_date: 2014-05-17 22:59:27
The concepts of money and voting are in fact archaic in that the concept of money has been around ever since conscious entities thought "hmm what if I were to get some of that nice food from my friend if I gave him one of my shiny things" and voting can be also described as archaic being that it (long!) precedes the development of the internet, one could say it has been going on in some way since we have existed as a species, this process of assuming that someone can act on your behalf and then coming up with ways to support the centralization that results, or disassociating oneself from it.  
It should be obvious these are archaic concepts, but my question remains, are you creating your own systems and terms instead of trying to just prop up dinosaur systems (that is to say, instead of merely emitting or sustaining an 'archaic echo')?  And if so, what are your systems and terms you've come up with or developed with others?
@_date: 2014-01-26 09:36:19
Indeed it is! Cheers
@_date: 2018-05-17 22:00:43
Yeah, and not just vigilance, but sometimes we also have to go on the attack.  As I've pointed out to Theo Chino - u/theochino/ - before, just organizing to help knock down and defeat bitlicense in California was not enough.  We had to be prepared for it to come back, and _then_ do a lot more on top of that to make sure that California wouldn't adopt it (and then cause other nearby states to do the same).  Sure enough, the legislator who was its primary author (Dababneh) in California brought the bitlicense proposal back -- again, and again.  We worked hard and defeated it each time (I never received a single satoshi for this effort and I never asked for any, and I still won't ask for any -- those who fought bitlicense in California decided to kill it with fire because the _fight was worth having_.)  We had to defeat it not one more time, but two more (for a total of THREE TIMES DEFEATING BITLICENSE in California over the course of a couple years).  Without the help of thousands of furious Californians who use bitcoin (and without the help of some Californians who were not even bitcoiners nor did they use any other crypto, but they cared enough to help stop bankster-legislators), and without the help of EFF and the Bitcoin Foundation, without all of their help, we _never would have been able to stop the onslaught_ of horrible proposals from Dababneh, the Coin Center, and the ULC in California.
But even that massive collective organization  wasn't enough -- Dababneh was committed to serving his bankster friends.  He was going to bring it back for a FOURTH try.  He never would have stopped.  
So we pulled out the stops.  We advocated to get him removed from office.  [And in the end, it was Dababneh's own party that did ultimately remove him](  Playing dirty?  Sure, but it worked.
And the same persistent (and admittedly brutal) techniques were used to force the prominent NY bitlicense proponent out of office, too.  [Read up on Schneiderman and what became of him](
Legislative advocacy to stop bills is good, but it's not enough.  We need court action in our favor, too, _and_ more people working on bitcoin privacy technology (similar to what Samourai is doing - but we need more people doing exactly that).  And sometimes (as you can see from the above stories about Dababneh and Schneiderman) not even all that's enough.  To stop proposals as bad as bitlicense, you have to get down in the trenches and dig out the dirt on the people pushing proposals that bad and reveal them for who they are.  Then the next person who jumps into the regulatory milieu trying to make a name for themselves as a legislator will think twice before they try it again.  To be frank, even these techniques altogether are not enough.
That's why I'm really glad that some of the most free-thinking exchanges are donating to the Coin Center - bear in mind I have personally opposed, and still do, most of what the Coin Center has done over the years, certainly with respect to Coin Center's obvious advocacy for bitlicense proposals (plural!).
But even with all that said, I support the notion of exchanges that have recently opted to make small (or in some cases, large) donations to Coin Center - because maybe those charitable acts, which are the product of free-thinkers at exchanges that are in fact helping to drive our new economy, will help some at the Coin Center realize that efforts like repealing and revoking the bitlicense (and not arguing for things like the bitlicense) is not only a proper course, it's a course worth fighting for.
Now it's time to defeat bitlicense in the two states in the USA where a proposal is still active -- this old post below refers to the ongoing battle in various states, but the proposals (active) we need to stop before they become law are in Connecticut and Alaska [as detailed in this post](
It's a fight worth committing ourselves to.  Let's get it done and forever defeat bitlicense here in the United States and set an example for the rest of the world. Hell, we have a few NY legislators now who are even considering repealing the NY bitlicense and who have introduced legislation to help make that happen.  Look for them online, you will find out who they are. 
To recap:
It's worth our effort (including your time) to help stop the bitlicense proposals in Connecticut and Alaska. (Unfortunately those proposals have been advanced by Coin Center and ULC but they can still be defeated as the proposals were not too long ago introduced.)
It's also worth our time to help _some_ NY legislators -- those that have been working forward a bill to repeal the NY bitlicense.
We should donate to the EFF, which has been fighting for us big time.  
We should not be afraid to get dirty with politics if it will help us remove legislators that promote bitlicense.  It's worked in the past, it will work again.  In other words, [we gotta get medieval on the bitlicense proponents](
We should challenge bitlicense proponents in court if there is a bitlicense proposal that has passed.   Theo Chino is doing this in NY.  There is opportunity to do something similar in NC if you live there and are subject to the horrible bitcoin law there.
'Nuff said.
@_date: 2014-06-14 08:11:07
This is all very interesting, being as I have [an open issue]( that I think addresses this directly in the bitcoin repository.  I hope people will [go there]( to emphasize and support [the solutions]( I've proposed.
@_date: 2014-02-16 05:44:58
@_date: 2014-01-25 06:46:10
Humbug.  Satoshi is not defined by GnuPG.  
Satoshi is Real
@_date: 2014-07-18 05:55:22
Thanks very much. (I am sometimes concerned that I am too wordy, but I tried to be brief but informative.)
@_date: 2014-12-19 12:01:42
No, my guess is use of I2P and PGP (but not TOR which by itself could be targeted) has likely already opened some doors to crypto use despite attempts at regulation in Belarus, other places.  I suggest checking out see [here]( and also [this link]( which may also provide you with some useful information.  Of course without PGP use for communication, and / or off-the-record communication using Pidgin w/ OTR, Adium or Chatsecure (though frankly PGP is "more secure") given the seriously frightened corporation-state actors, you or someone you know will end up getting caught.  Bascically, Encrypt Everything. And be careful out there.  Cheers.
@_date: 2014-02-03 22:47:04
**BOooooorrrrinnngggg!** *moar interesting plz*
@_date: 2014-11-24 00:37:19
That was a good Forbes article from Jon Matonis.  I like the header.. "If zeros and ones are outlawed, only outlaws will use zeros and ones."  You could add to that, *"If more than two thirds of the people doing routine, day to day transactions in the world are considered outlaws... then remind me, what is the point of those laws again?"*
@_date: 2014-10-30 03:34:57
This is great stuff! I can already see how a Turing complete process you have described in the Technical Specification section of the Automated Transaction Specification area would provide, in the context of AT creation txs, the means to facilitate a charitable dust collector (see this concept [here]( and also [here](  that could help implement concepts described at [abis.io](
@_date: 2014-02-21 06:12:22
Thanks!  Much appreciated.
@_date: 2014-02-03 04:10:23
So, I have to say, I like utuxia's "Bitcoin 4k: It mines itself" idea.  I have been thinking lately about the concept of decentralized autonomous protocols and decentralized autonomous cryptocurrencies.  Rather than [decentralized autonomous corporations]( as described by Invictus or Ethereum, maybe one day the cryptocurrencies themselves will have an autonomous presence that doesn't even rely upon anyone running a client like bitcoin-qt.  [This]( came to mind when I was thinking of this 'decentralized autonomous currency' concept.  (It's called OpenWorm.)
**edit:** *but seriously, who votesdown a call for people to make this space more interesting?*
@_date: 2014-01-23 00:03:53
@_date: 2014-01-12 05:23:59
None.  Cheers, and may you continue to give generously.
@_date: 2014-07-18 05:56:00
I like trains.
@_date: 2014-10-29 16:50:20
Thank you.  I don't deny that this process is really very challenging, and that operating purely in truly decentralized alternatives (while advocating for zero knowledge systems and anonymity as an option) is hard.  That's part of what makes it interesting to me and worthy of pursuit, but the core idea is doing what's right to protect the users.
I need to step up my game a bit, so I'lll be spending more time learning / coding in python (used to write Electrum, which will soon have [stealth support]( - {see the [related reddit thread]( and can be enhanced with a [py mixer plugin]( &amp; javascript / node.js, and nodejs addons with C++ libraries.  As indicated in my post, I'll be using a blended approach (migrating mostly to [BCN]( initially and to [Zerocash]( at the end of 2014 or beginning of 2015 (depending on when Zerocash is released), as well as using OpenBazaar, BitXBay, in-person and otc for decentralized exchange processes that do not involve banks or other third parties.  I will move some resources back into bitcoin at such time when anonymity is presented as an option in a wallet available for installation on my machines, or when it is presented as an option in Bitcoin Core.
@_date: 2014-02-16 01:22:22
Project update:  
We have established [abis.io]( which currently redirects to the [indiegogo crowdfunding site]( for the project.
Please donate today!
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:47:50
Perhaps it's because of apathetic schmucks like you who would rather just keep the system the way it is?
Yeah, maybe that.
@_date: 2018-05-17 22:06:26
Yep. :-)
@_date: 2014-01-12 22:28:45
Yep, noticed. :-)  Thanks for posting.
@_date: 2014-10-29 04:52:15
Thanks for posting ~ I like the idea somewhat of using companies that are not MSB, but unfortunately that just doesn't cut it.  Without companies really addressing the issues of zero knowledge privacy and providing models that either implement or support the development of anonymity, you still end up subject to the whims of arbitrary decisions ~ whether those come from TISA, FATCA, FinCen, NY, North Korea, the Russian Federation, or anywhere else in the world.
The same principles mentioned in the Bitcoin Foundation post that I made should also apply to other services as well, whether we're talking about Reddit, Gmail, or any of a slew of other services that millions use and enjoy.  This does not make it easy ~ but it is always less work to entice a customer to visit a site than it is to honor and respect the agency of all beings while providing new and innovative alternatives to an oppressive system.
How long will it be before we build anew, instead of just creating a modern version of the ancient slavery that we have perpetuated over, and over?  It may be longer than I live, but that isn't going to stop me from beginning the journey.
"[I believe there is another world waiting for us...a better world. And I'll be waiting for you there]( 
@_date: 2014-10-29 18:28:17
Indeed, I will (close the accounts, and post a followup here at some point down the road).
@_date: 2014-01-10 03:41:25
If you'd like to read about it directly rather than going through my blog, [please go to the Coinbase blog post here](
@_date: 2014-10-29 16:43:07
I agree with you that connecting with traditional banks or hooking up payment methods - particularly those that interact with fiat currencies - does expose user information.  I think we need to move away from interactions with banks and fiat currencies, IMHO.  I am also aware that there are decentralized solutions for exchange and a growing movement in support of both privacy and anonymity as an option.  I don't think I'll be without solutions as I proceed, but I do certainly admit it's a challenge.
@_date: 2014-12-26 23:31:56
~~So far as I am aware, it is not possible for Harper to participate *as a Candidate* because he has left the Foundation (as a Candidate, although I'm not sure if he still has time left on his clock in which he is paid up as a member~~ Correction: See Foundation post [linked to here]( for a statement from Jim Harper himself on that question dated 28 December 2014. ~ if you have any further questions about that stuff, by all means, please ask Harper and see if you can get him to reply!). **(As shown above) I will happily correct, strikethrough, remove, etc., this content here where I am commenting about Harper if I am just being misinformed about it, but it was so reported in the WSJ, BTC Foundation blog, Qntra, and I am guessing other sources also - if you want me to even further correct the issues here, please provide sources or if you are please reply yourself to correct me!**  I tried to comment briefly on this as part of a Foundation post (keep in mind I am a dues paying member and candidate) but my post was quickly censored by Brian Goss, who is thought to be the sole remaining member of the Election Committee. 
I kept some links external to the Foundation forum though which Brian cannot censor because he does not admin them. (he is only able to directly admin threads which he is assigned to).  Here are some examples - the first one being a blog totally outside of what the Foundation even runs, the second being a link to Foundation blog content which Goss does not control, and the third being a forum post in the members agenda request section where we as members can ask the Board to do different things.
Note also that here we are in reddit so Goss may end up to heartlessly remark or downvote this post where I am just trying to respond to you, - I'm just informing you of a small part of my experience which has been really rough here.  Generally the Board itself has been kind to me and has responded to my inquiries. With that out of the way:
1)  (Patrick Murck's blog)
2)  
(this post may not be visible at this time due to Foundation changes of website end of year and.... some other dramas)
3) 
edit:  do you care to comment on this thing?
I don't know about Cody's stuff, you'd have to ask him to add it to the upcoming AMA's, I hope! I will try to focus on stuff like:
user choice, bitcoin development, privacy &amp; anonymity because that is my platform.
@_date: 2014-07-17 20:29:12
The FINRA/SEC rule shown in this thread is ultimately inapplicable to development of decentralized systems, for reasons explained generally [here](  (Sure, there may be some prosecutions here and there, but with the decentralization of finance -- [visually described here]( -- it should be obvious that NY, FINRA/SEC and other such entities simply aren't relevant anymore ~ more precisely speaking, their relevance and power is declining rapidly.)
@_date: 2014-11-24 00:34:06
Had my OpenBazaar fired up most of the week. Over 200 stores already in it.  That's just a tiny part of SystemD but the concept behind it... that's the engine.
@_date: 2014-02-16 14:55:07
Thanks for your donation!  Much appreciated.
Note on second link that you could not access:  My apologies that you could not access it.  It must be a setting such that Bitcoin Foundation website has such that profiles are not visible unless it's to other members of that site, although it's my understanding that the website is public to anyone generally.  
@_date: 2014-12-27 11:17:16
This is great news -- I am really stoked to see this written in this way on the Coinkite blog.  So I've put it up in a revised [microgiving post]( on the Bitcoin Foundation website, for people to tailor as they wish.
As you may know I am now a Candidate for Individual Director for the Foundation.
So, part of this is, I'm inviting you to a reddit AMA, where Peter Todd is the mod. Date is not set, but it's sometime probably early Feb 2015 if not before then. Check it out! Link with contexts: 
@_date: 2014-01-28 21:12:32
[It would be my pleasure.](
@_date: 2014-01-22 21:55:23
Very nice, I didn't know you could do doge tips in reddit.  
The world is changing fast.  Cheers
@_date: 2014-01-22 21:57:16
Yes, it is.
@_date: 2014-11-22 19:47:22
Great news re. the use of bitcoin protocol for messaging. Good lessons from bitmessage now likely to make their way into whatever Tox becomes next. Note that Tox already has plugins [for Pidgin]( and [for Adium]( which will make these tools even more interesting and stronger.
@_date: 2014-02-27 00:18:05
Another one who doesn't know how to read.  It should have been obvious that I never needed to engage with you in the first place.  Unfortunately, that is now the case with most people, that are fixated on things like coffee, bells, TV, and... reddit, rather than issues of substance.  Goodbye.
@_date: 2014-11-23 17:18:57
Right, from what I understand, the possibility is there.  (I do understand they are [talking about payments]( and not about use of bitcoin in the communication sense, but arguably the two aspects are irrevocably intertwined, and the use of Bitcoin for currency (as bitcoin) implies a unique exercise of speech in the decentralized sphere.) It would be interesting to see another implementation, but the ones that come to mind that already are in use are twister and bitmessage.
@_date: 2014-12-26 07:55:39
ok, I've fixed this for you now.
@_date: 2014-12-29 11:48:15
New comment: In light of Jim Harper recently clarifying what is going on (looks like WSJ, Patrick Murck, and some others were clearly confused for a while, and thus had published stuff that ~ to say the least ~ miscommunicated things to the rest of us), I've made some strikethroughs and corrections to my previous paragraph on this posted here in reddit about 2 days ago.
@_date: 2014-02-10 00:37:49
I have just posted a question on how to address this issue to the bitcoin development mailing list and also to the unsystem list.  I await replies from people posting or replying to the list(s).
**quick edit:** *Please note that [sx as shown at Github, here]( is not malware.* 
*Nor does the concept of a [Stealth Address as discussed on bitcointalk]( imply malware use.  However, this thing [on Github known as Stealthbit]( is in fact malware.  I haven't touched it, downloaded it, nor have I used Stealthbit in any way, and of course I recommend that you do not use it and I certainly recommend that you warn people about Stealthbit.*
**second edit:** **Stealthbit as shown on Github now shows a 404.  Looks like somebody has taken Stealthbit down, or taken it out, or something.  Watch out for future things that are similar to it that don't have broad consensus support from bitcoin development community.**
@_date: 2014-01-30 06:30:51
Well, [if you can make it there]( you can [make it anywhere](  
@_date: 2014-07-13 02:32:09
Thank you, I like that [Cloakcoin]( has trading built in (as OneMarket), which fits neatly into my whole interest in aggregating and listing the many developing dis-intermediation options that are out there, that allow trade / exchange without involving banks or other institutions. I've also been alerted by someone that there's a thing called  Freimarkets, which I've heard of before as the whitepaper was released [just after mid-2013](  I'm not sure if Freicoin developers has bothered to implement the Freimarket concept or not ~ it doesn't appear so from looking at their page ~ but conceptually, the idea of Freimarket fits neatly within the dis-intermediation concepts discussed here, and in fact, [OpenBazaar]( seems to have already done what the Freimarket whitepaper authors were thinking about doing (although I would argue that OpenBazaar has gone further and taken it to an even more exciting level).  One area of difference I have with the assumptions made by Freicoin team is that they assert in their FAQ that "A gift based economy would probably be a better one, but such an economy can't be deployed rapidly."  I take issue with this statement and assumption, because it should be clear simply from a brief observation of [sx tools]( and [ABIS]( that the concept of a giving economy at the transaction level can readily be established in any decentralized virtual currency or multi-currency wallet technology.  
I've added references to Cloakcoin and Freimarket into the body of my earlier comment as an edit.  Thanks again for the info.
@_date: 2014-03-06 15:05:38
Hi, I am Satoshi Nakamoto.  Please tip me some bitcoin to show me that you care about my situation.  It wasn't easy anonymously releasing a decentralized system like this upon the world and never having anyone know who I am.  Also, I could use some coffee.
@_date: 2014-12-26 05:55:19
That's excellent ~ just let me know your schedule(s) and I'll do what I can to make it work as my schedule is pretty flexible at the moment.
If you want to schedule one on your own outside of this here, please do read reddit's guide on this stuff:
 (who has kindly agreed to be mod)
 (who I have chatted with about bitcoin, decentralized markets and is in mention above)
 (who is also a candidate)
I also of course invite any other candidates who would like to join us (but please candidates give an idea of what your schedules look like between now and the election... which is, we're being told, some time in February. at this point.)
I'll post a link to this in the Bitcoin Foundation forum which is now back up.
other edits added:
Please feel free to suggest others who might be worthy adds to the debate, the above were added because I think most of the above have added to privacy / anonymity reddit conversations on bitcoin in the recent past
@_date: 2014-07-10 03:36:43
Hi. I'm not sure why people are maligning Coinbase for this, because if you know what Coinbase is, this should be no mystery to you why this happens.
And it's not a mystery:  If you have accessed Coinbase, you understand you are accessing a web-based service.  Not just that:  A web-based service, which happens to be a [brokerage]( which integrates with the banking industry so that you can buy coins with fiat or sell them so that you get dollars ~~instantly~~ rapidly sent to your **bank account**!  Come on folks, bank accounts are about as regulated as anything that could be regulated, and Coinbase is regulated as a money services business by the federal government since day one!  If you're [read about TISA and FATCA]( (not just the Bank Secrecy Act), then you understand how screwed you are by using banks, because according to the US government's legal interpretation, "activities conducted by a central bank or monetary authority" are, in fact, *"services supplied in the exercise of governmental authority!"*  That's right, the US government interprets banks as simply an arm of government!  Your bank, whether or not it wants to be, at the end of the day, is (at least according to the public and not-so-public laws of the United States) just a tool of the state.   If you understand what a web-based service is in this context, you understand that, based on current models, your information that pertains to your account resides with them, on Coinbase's servers, not on your computer.  You're using Coinbase because you wanted the convenience.  What you give up in return for that convenience is (albeit temporarily) the opportunity to conduct transactions in a fully decentralized manner.  
It was not long ago that people might have looked at this situation and shrugged.  "What can we do about it?" people might have said.  "What other way is there except for the brokerage we call Coinbase, besides in-person purchase or exchange, or some exchange's site (like Cryptsy), or lesser-known or sketchy sites, or random darknet opportunities?"
Well, there might not have been very good answers a few years ago, but today there are, and the answers have a couple things in common:  Decentralization and [dis-intermediation](
If you are serious about liberating yourself and the community that you are a part of from the grasp of the corporation-state, you owe it to yourself to explore various decentralized exchanges that are now emerging, which also clearly serve as dis-intermediation solutions.  In other words:  Yes, you can do what you want to without the banks involved ~ but with a little more work on your part.
First, you have to manage your own wallet.  That means you need to install [Bitcoin Core]( or another wallet which resides on your computer, rather than relying on some web wallet or web-based site solution.  (Ditto for any other decentralized virtual currency.)  BitPay recognizes this (even though, or perhaps because, they run a service which operates through a standard website interface), as they've recently released [CoPay](  The CoPay solution is offered as both a wallet which you can install and manage yourself as a browser extension, as well as an alternative: a web-based wallet, which you obviously would not be managing yourself on your computer.  It's also open source, so anyone can make their own solution based on the code of it.  Their blog post on it [explains the problems of regulation]( pretty well.
However, it takes more than a browser extension or Bitcoin Core itself to liberate you from banks.  It takes full dis-intermediation, which involve a range of solutions for decentralizing economic affairs in a manner which removes the middleman.
To that end, consider exploring decentralized exchange methods such as OpenBazaar (in testing with significant progress) and Mastercoin's distributed exchange (functional as of March 2014).  Ethereum (which is collaborating with Mastercoin on crowdsale implementation that could connect both systems, with implications for smart property) and Counterparty should also be examined as options for your dis-intermediation process.  Dis-intermediation, in order to grow, needs active participation from people everywhere in the decentralization of markets &amp; exchanges.
Links which relate to the dis-intermediation suggestions above (and which do not involve the use of banks/governments/corporation-states, and cannot realistically be regulated by them either) are:
1) 
2) 
(Distributed exchange developed via Mastercoin) 
Ethereum:  
Discussion of Bitcoin 2.0 'without ethereum?' Link here to Cryptocoins News covering Gavin Andresen discussing decentralization of contracts: 
OpenBazaar:  
Lighthouse (a Mike Hearn concept):  It is now funded and under development:
*edits / other projects added:*
*[Cloakcoin]( - includes a decentralized market right in the wallet*
*[The Freimarket whitepaper]( - discusses peer-to-peer exchange, distributed marketplaces, etc.*
*[Bitcoin in its early stages, which had a partially completed distributed market (before the code for it was removed)](
*I have also taken a brief look at the BitXBay code on Github, but have not yet determined if it is safe to run.*
Please keep your eyes on and participate in these various dis-intermediation possibilities.
You should also keep your eye on the [Zerocash project]( which is anticipated to be released in November or December 2014.  It will be the strongest anonymity solution out there and will completely transform the financial landscape.  The reason why banks/governments/corporation-states are able to control the fiscal landscape as they have boils down to identity.  Where you can be identified (as you can via bitcoin's very transparent blockchain) then you can be controlled by forces who will attempt to apply the law to punish users they can identify.  Being able to operate with anonymity will completely change the landscape of how users interact with decentralized virtual currency systems.
Until then, consider utilizing [bytecoin]( which can hide your activity amongst groups of 30 to 60 persons (or possibly more as time goes on) and is a fully-functional decentralized virtual currency system with anonymous characteristics.  Alternatives are to continue using bitcoin as well, but to utilize the recently available stealth transaction technology (until Zerocash is available, which will essentially anonymize bitcoin use).
Here are some links to stealth transaction technology (which doesn't anonymize your transactions, but provides significant privacy by keeping prying eyes from correlating one of your bitcoin transactions with any other one you might have made):
StealthJS is now available for review/use - see  - See also  and the discussion of taking stealth.js into a distinct repository at  (a similar approach has been taken with coinjoin.js)
If looking at sx.dyne.org for your project please check out / consider using [sx tools]( (Charity Donations panel, etc.) where my own project, [ABIS]( is incorporated conceptually.
Thank you for reading this, and I hope it helps with any dis-intermediation and anonymity processes you may be pursuing.
                       ~~~
@_date: 2014-12-26 07:59:47
Connie, I just fixed my post (shown below) on procedure for "rolling your own" so to speak giving campaign (or campaigning for others) if you are a nonprofit, invoving nonprofits. (and helping them obtain bitcoin under your umbrella).  Last time I helped BitGive in this way was just before Giving Tuesday.  For some situations it's tedious, for other situationsit's simple, as it turns out!  The procedure I e-mailed you is now dated due to some adjustments, advancments, etc.  In any event, you'll need someone to walk BitGive through the process.  Merry XMas!
@_date: 2014-05-17 22:39:58
I am glad to have seen this, but it is really offensive that they included the "archaic echo," 'voting' in the mix here.  Any such system does not need to and should not attempt to echo "voting" or other such dinosaur systems and concepts.
@_date: 2014-01-23 00:25:08
Well, it would be significant for Google and Bitcoin both, the question is, will Google actually do this, versus suggest that they will in e-mails or so on... Someone has indicated to me this would (if Google were to go forward with it for Wallet) take all of five to ten minutes to set up.  It seems possible.  I am glad to hear these announcements, though I am not holding my breath, I am hopeful for some movement on this in the (somewhat near?) future.
@_date: 2014-01-22 21:59:17
Thank you for getting this bitcoin discussion going.
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:44:41
Hi [BitStashCTO]( ~ I really appreciate being able to talk with you today about [BitStash]( possible use with Electrum &amp; future interaction with Zerocash, and a variety of true alternatives to our current system. (Check out also [this discussion thread in the Mastercoin github]( relative to some of the concepts touched on in my post.)
@_date: 2014-06-17 17:07:06
I think you need to read more about the issue as it was modified and expanded prior to it being closed.  But in any event, it is now actively being discussed in bitcoin development.  I think that's for the best, because whatever deficiencies anyone felt the original concept had, and/or for the purpose of more technical consideration, the bitcoin development mailing list will be the place where it goes and where it will be refined or discarded or new concepts added and subtracted.  
@_date: 2014-03-04 15:29:02
People are going to have to stop relying upon centralized solutions, yes. That means, take more responsibility for your own self and stop shaming those that do.  Spend more time in construction.  
some things to look up here for perspective:
Chromawallet development (p2p trade/exchange), bitcoin-qt (as opposed to web-based wallets), coinb.in/multisig (easy way to generate multisignature addresses... make sure and keep copies of your keys locked up).
@_date: 2014-12-19 13:45:52
@_date: 2014-01-29 07:54:14
[I'm actually really out of breath right now]( but yes, [it's me](
@_date: 2014-01-23 00:38:39
I submitted 10 suggestions (early in the process) and 50 votes to the Google Moderator forum that was kicked off as a result of all this. I figured, there was an avenue to participate, why not do it?  Now I am checking back on it and it appears there are a total of over 400 suggestions and over 12,750 votes cast.
Some of my suggestions were favored by participants quite a bit (I didn't try to influence that, I just watched it).  Here are my top 3 suggestions with the "numberofvotes" supporting / corresponding to each:  
"I'm a member of the Bitcoin Foundation, and am a member of the Bitcoin Foundation Education Committee. We've been working to develop guides to help people use bitcoin safely and easily. Google should feature the guides we are about to release." -69votes
"Micropayments are supported with an Android SDK released by Coinbase and Bitmonet, which Google should adopt. But to really empower users, Google should adopt the 'ABIS protocol' concept, described here:  
"Google should work to enable bitcoin users to make "microdonations" to anyone or any organization the user specifies, in the background of any transaction a user selects. This can be done without any changes to bitcoin code, using Wallet technology." 
It's encouraging to see this happen. I definitely hope Google is perking up at the suggestions and votes.
My suggestions were not as popular as these, though (here's a sampler):
"Let me buy things from the play store with Bitcoin."
-Posy   462votes
"Add bitcoin option to Google Checkout process." 
-quantumbit 288votes
In other words, people want bitcoin to be available as an option and they want it to be simple to do anywhere.  This alone is good to see even if Google ends up not moving fast on this.
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:37:15
See my project, [ABIS]( which involves a voluntary giving solution to address this organic donation you suggest.
@_date: 2014-03-13 12:00:40
I didn't sign up for Mt. Gox, I won't be signing up for Perseus, you can keep your fancy website-based trading outfits ~ P2P is the future.  Not sure if anyone will ever learn, or if people will just get lured into thing after thing because greed?  Probably, but that doesn't mean we have to follow you down that road.
@_date: 2014-07-17 19:09:48
Greetings. As a member of the [Bitcoin Foundation Education Committee]( and a [Lifeboat Foundation Advisory Board member]( I would like to note here that the concept of registering and being licensed with the state of New York, and the additional requirements being suggested pertaining to identification of users, licensing, and submittal of information to the FBI (to name a few), are inimical to free speech and expression, and will be opposed vigorously, not only by the Bitcoin Foundation, but also ~ and more critically ~ by the users themselves in their individual and collective capacities,  Thus far the response has been reasonable from the federal side which, for example, focuses primarily upon the regulation of the high-traffic exchanges.  Bitcoin however is dynamic and evolving quickly, and you should not expect compliance or widespread support for state-level regulation.  As an advocate against regulatory approaches for Bitcoin generally, I nonetheless feel compelled to point out that there is a reasonable state response that can be crafted, and that the maximum reasonable response of the states to Bitcoin should be a legal expression such as that chosen recently by California in its enactment of [AB 129]( which in essence frees innovators in the state so that they do not have to be concerned with unreasonable regulation.  At the same time, it's important to note that California's [efforts to shut down decentralized markets]( are futile, as new mechanisms emerge to circumvent such state censorship via the use of developing solutions such as, but not limited to, OpenBazaar and Counterparty.
With that said, it's important to note that decentralized virtual currency development transcends the bounds of law and due to its evolving technology, ultimately escapes any government's ability to control it.  This is not a matter of debate, it is a mathematical fact that cannot be altered by legislation.  I note that stealth addresses are only one part of recent Bitcoin innovation.  Such legislation as that proposed by New York will only give rise to greater user demand for, and provide impetus to even more significant developments to protect the user.  Ultimately, anonymity must be incorporated into Bitcoin development itself to counter state (or other governmental) regulatory forces.  Even if that does not happen promptly, the decentralized nature of the process means that others will, and as an example, the Zerocash project and Bytecoin (BCN) project are just a couple examples of that.
Ben Lawsky and others who advocate statism and attempts at centralized control of decentralized development will eventually acknowledge that as time goes on, and very soon, governmental structures of the type we are used to seeing and experiencing will have diminishing relevance.  There is a new world coming, and it is decentralized.  Rather than relying on the force of law backed by threats of violence and various forms of coercion, there will be global societies, with their own rules, and corporation-states will no longer be able to control people (or even claim them as "citizens" or "residents") to the level that they once did.  Anonymity developments (and legislative developments alike) will hasten the time when eventually people will depart from antiquated governmental systems as they wither and fade into the pages of history.  While it is a stretch to say (as some have asserted) that regulators will "cease to exist," their declining relevance, and their declining power due to the spread and development of decentralized technology and anonymity developments, are a mathematical certainty.  As other states craft a more intelligent response, New York's system of government will find itself farther behind the curve, and eventually will simply be ignored by the vast userbase that is gradually transcending and migrating away from the world of centralized controls.
I hope this has been helpful as a brief orientation to what the future holds, and I hope that you prepare for it.  
Colin Gallagher
*edit:* Colin Gallagher is a primary author of [the ABIS project]( which is intended to help make the financial system more compassionate by embedding giving into the daily framework of what we do.
@_date: 2014-01-25 02:24:38
Indeed it is. Thank you, and cheers.
@_date: 2014-01-26 09:35:13
Yep - don't ever put private keys in that or anything like something that could show them to anyone.  (I keep mine on paper in a safe.. paranoid much? ah well)
@_date: 2014-09-19 05:58:19
Hello, I would like to propose  as part of the ideas to add to the mix as new notions are discussed within the context of fair.coop, the ABIS concept requires quite a bit of refinement, but that is the point, that everyone add their own concept or pieces of concepts to the mix and thus make something new out of it. Good to see new things emerging.
@_date: 2014-02-18 22:35:20
Please note:  If you like the project "Cryptocurrencies for Good" mentioned in this post, I am in serious need of donations to support much needed PR for the project, that is going to cost $250 USD (about 0.4 BTC).  Essentially, I have nothing.  I am asking for your help and support.  You can donate to project at the indiegogo page, in USD or bitcoin, or litecoin, or dogecoin.
Alternatively, you can donate bitcoin to me directly [here](  I need to reach 0.4 BTC to be able to pay for PR needed to get the word out to 4 regions (basically the whole USA) about [the project](
@_date: 2014-11-05 21:08:35
Hi.  I've posted some initial details about my migration process, and reflections on the possibility of a candidacy for an Individual Director seat at the Foundation.  My post on that [is here](
@_date: 2014-02-03 04:31:09
Also, is this [combined bitcoin / litecoin miner listing]( total b.s., or is it real?  Last I heard from the manufacturers, which are [Gridseed]( these are bitcoin / litecoin combo miners are not available yet (at least not from them),  here is a message sent from Gridseed to me that is three day's old (rough translation from Chinese below):
" *Important Note: We currently do not have any place in the pre-sale, Taobao are fake, the official website information please prevail.*
*Follow weibo.com/gridseed That is our official microblogging.*
*Relating to the purchase, agents, price issues,*
*Please wait for our official website  announced*
*If you need to apply the agent, please specify in the message header "application proxy" and described their own information, and other advantages, if only one sentence is difficult to our attention that, thank you.*
*For technical discussion, please  gridchip zone discussion, where maintenance by our technical team.*
*Documents to download, go to the open source project:* github.com/gridseed
*If we are unable to respond to you request, please understand, because the volume of mail than we expected, but we will read every message.* "
(The above was translated from the Chinese original which is shown below.)
可以关注 weibo.com/gridseed 那是我们的官方微博。
translation:  **China is getting serious about cryptocurrency**
**Edit:** Here is [a Gridchip dual-miner (bitcoin/litecoin) announcement]( from the cybtc.com site that was recommended by whoever sent the Gridseed e-mail - looks pretty interesting, after translation, but I can't vouch for it one way or the other.  Do your own homework on them.
**Second Edit:** Wow, this comment really caused this reddit post to take a nosedive.  Yeah, I know there are [other people commenting about Gridseed]( on Reddit, but I am looking for information  - interesting information! so spice it up folks.
**Third Edit:** Found the [datasheet on gridseed units]( via another post.  Interesting that it's on google docs...
**Fourth Edit:** [Bitcointalk is apparently on fire with chatter]( about these Gridseed things.  Remains to be seen if they are actually worth anything or just a waste of silicon and various metallic things.  Some bitcointalk users have been pointing out other ways to get combined hashing power (using different machines) for less than what Gridseed offers.  Competition Is Fun.  Watch the minerdrama unfold.
@_date: 2014-05-05 05:35:22
Someone, please explain to me your justification for persistently downvoting something that has as its clear and obvious objective, to support a woman's quest to cross the Pacific while accepting bitcoin donations and supporting 2400 amazing women.  Would someone just explain to me how you are downvoting this.  
Seriously, reddit.
**edit:** As I observe what is happening on reddit I think that redditors are having a field day basically by upvoting anything that is a photoshopped image of a cat and downvoting anything that might be meaningful or socially beneficial.  Have a nice day reddit.  
@_date: 2014-02-16 01:12:11
Please do your own research on anything -- anything at all -- that you consider supporting.  Nobody can tell you how to be sure it is not a scam.  Do your homework and make your own decisions!  That said, I can [do what I have already done]( and also, am providing you with a link here to [describe to you who I am in a fairly public sense](
@_date: 2014-12-31 02:20:02
Sure thing Peter! Will do.
@_date: 2014-06-27 18:24:23
I'm fairly sure you have just made my point for me that *something like* [WhisperSystems' Bithub]( would be a pretty good idea to help fund bitcoin development... *just saying*.
@_date: 2014-07-13 02:41:08
Thank you.
@_date: 2014-01-26 09:33:40
Thank you, to the moon and mars and stuff.
[Something I'm working on]( where I used barcodes - 1st time ever, making it a reality! [Here](
@_date: 2014-01-31 17:40:17
I think the bitcointipbot is having issues, but thank you.
@_date: 2014-02-03 04:05:11
So, contracts is what you are thinking? Like [Ethereum]( but without relying upon any website or similarly vulnerable static services?
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:49:07
By assuming there are no options, you disregard the billions of unbanked persons who already don't even interact with our financial system.  There are options, and they are many and diverse.  One must either go exploring, or build some.  Cheers.
@_date: 2014-12-23 05:50:23
I hope to see more companies know absolutely nothing about their users although this will be tougher with Russian, Belarus's, North Korea (whose lights went out again) and recent US 'cromnibus' laws being passed (which included provisions that make it so that telecoms, police, and "govs" at all levels can use '3rd party' provisions (without warrant) to pull your data in most circumstances for your use of telecom, encrypted data if humanly possible for them to do, etc).  Again, unless you are set up to know literally nothing about your users (Coinkite has been taking measures to do so fortunately and made some promises since its last statements which it seems to have been serious about making progress on), then people who come to you for help are going to get compromised and jailed.  I welcome users reading this to look at my inquiries on reddit for Rodolfo some while back to see as a baseline of how he and Coinkite have progressed. 
Thank you to to CoinKite, et. al. for making headway on privacy related issues specifically on my question relating to user ownership of keys and related factors.
Note:  I have no interest in CoinKite and I do not presently use Coinkite.
I am a Individual Director Candidate for the Bitcoin Foundation who is running on following platform:
- user choice
- bitcoin development
- privacy, &amp; anonymity
Thank you for reading.
My campaign page is here:
@_date: 2014-01-13 09:28:04
You're welcome. Thanks for asking / contributing to this item.
@_date: 2015-05-31 05:51:26
You nailed it!
edit: [related thread 1]( [related thread 2]( [and my conversation with on the evolution of LocalTrader](  (The last link - the LocalTrader discussion - is really I think an excellent example, though not the only example of how people are working on decentralized exchange development.)
@_date: 2014-02-03 04:52:55
Also, who here has [Starbucks vouchers](  Yep, if it can be traded, [it can be converted to bitcoin](  Personally I think p2p exchanges are the future though.
**edit:** *meh, such boring, this r/Bitcoin reddit.  goodnight.*
@_date: 2014-01-28 07:39:03
Hi.  My general position even before all of this occurred was that the Bitcoin Foundation should not exist.  Apart from transparency problems and issues, I felt that there was a problem with some of the core developers who were taking bitcoin in a direction it should not go, and beyond that, it was clear to me that no-one could possibly "represent" bitcoin.  
Thus, I was both interested and skeptical when I was approached by the Creative Director of the Bitcoin Foundation and asked if I would consider serving on the Education Committee of the Bitcoin Foundation.  I thought about it a bit and I agreed.  I've recently worked with a team of other Education Committee members to help produce a series of guides that will help new bitcoin users in particular (these guides will be released soon).  I have started [my own private initiative]( independent of Foundation activity, to make cryptocurrencies more compassionate, to expand giving potential and empower everyone.  It is starting to pick up steam, because I have put my heart and soul into it.  I am not a criminal, I just want a better world.  Like you do.  
The Bitcoin Foundation, or its efforts, will only be as good as those who contribute to it.  So I decided to contribute.    Regarding all the charges, I think that this is very much hyped up.  Sure, Shrem should have known better considering his position in his organization, in which he is/was responsible for legal compliance.  Miners, ordinary bitcoin users, developers, and visionaries (like me and you!) don't have to deal with the complex and myriad requirements of FinCen, which is the US Treasury entity that supposedly enforces its Money Transmitter License and AML requirements on people who run exchanges, for example.  People who actually run centralized exchanges on the other hand, actually have to worry about that stuff.  (Fully decentralized and P2P exchanges are being developed, so eventually there will be no "exchange company" or representative to prosecute.  Decentralization, new models of doing things, chaos, good news.)  
But there is also a profoundly partisan and highly politicized aspect to the way in which charges have been thrown about.  Has anyone here heard of weev, for example?  And how he was tossed in jail for essentially disclosing a security problem in a way that a company didn't like?  That has nothing to do with Bitcoin Foundation stuff, but you should look it up.  The US government doles out charges, sentences, and jail time like it prints money.  Here in the US we have [the biggest prison population]( of any country in the world, as a percentage of our population.  Is anyone here stopping to ask if these laws are helping humanity?  Is another world possible?  Sure it is.  But to make it happen, you are going to have to break free of your partisan and legalistic ideologies, and you'll have to make it so.  Have a good evening.
**edit:** Here's to Andreas Antonopoulos getting a Chair or Vice Chair spot at Foundation.  I sincerely hope this happens.
**edit number two:** [It would be my pleasure]( to address the concerns of the Reddit community about spacing and carriage returns.
**edit number three:** [Bitcoin Foundation Board of Directors Response to Allegations Against Charlie Shrem]( - And in other news, [unicorns are real](
@_date: 2014-01-25 03:00:11
I am going to put the QR codes for my campaign using Wolfram and also the pretty ones from mybtc.io and print them out and put them on the back of my guinea pig's shirt and then put it on youtube when he runs around and we will get donations
@_date: 2014-12-23 19:25:22
"a long time ago" wasn't actually an incredibly long time ago in my corner of the universe I guess..  I would just remove blockchain code that has to do with mulisig functionality then and work it out accordingly.  That's too bad because it is one the best things they had going.  Don't use bitpay or anything from any of the ID3 group (yes I mirrored it before it was censored and yes I'll post it later when it's not this year so too bad if you are from windhover / ID3)
@_date: 2014-08-28 17:51:57
Well-thought-out and simple analysis. On point.
@_date: 2017-02-07 14:27:59
Mycelium is an ecosystem. It's got a wallet but it's also got [a decentralized exchange](
Oh, and back up your wallet.... then update.  It has other neat features now too.
@_date: 2014-02-07 02:59:24
Excellent.  Thank you for this excellent suggestion for target material.  Here is [my post on this]( at the Bitcoin Foundation site.
@_date: 2014-12-24 14:01:30
I'm assuming is coolperson I chatted with not so long ago. If so could we arrange a thing where cody and perhaps some other candidates? figure out dates for our schedule so we can do AMAs together and take questions from interested folks on stuff having to do with privacy, anonymity and bitcoin... 
in case there is any question, yes, I am this person:
  -- so, yep, I'm a candidate.
see also: (over 16,000 views)
this would all have to happen before the actual election date in February.  I know cody's platform is to disband it which is, of course, way different than my platform, which is user choice, bitcoin development, privacy &amp; anonymity, but I think those sort of tensions are exactly what people need in a real debate.  
let me know. maybe yourself or petertoddbtc - that is, -  could moderate?
@_date: 2014-12-23 14:38:26
Full disclosure:
I am a Candidate for a Individual Director post for the Bitcoin Foundation.  Election is in February 2015 (exact date not yet known) based on what I have been informed.  
My campaign is based on three things:
- user choice
- bitcoin development
- privacy, and... anonymity
(I know that's actually four but I like to group the last two together because they tend to get talked together even though they are different)
Down all night long both on mobile and standard site for everyone. At one point (the Foundation site) appeared to be down only "for me," but this appeared to be due to a nginx related flaw or issue.  Naturally North Korea has been down for a while as well, which various media organizations have been documenting, along with concurrent power outages.  I decided to see if I could examine the Foundation site this morning from Tor after first ensuring that all relevant patches and updates / upgrades were applied.  It bootstrapped 100% and I hit the button for a new identity, and it asked me for a captcha which I applied. 
And it loaded up but the only page that would load is bitcoinfoundation.org in tor and not bitcoinfoundation.org/forum in tor
Furthermore bitcoinfoundation.org/forum via a regular internet connection and bitcoinfoundation.org/forum via a regular internet connection both appear not to exist, suggesting that there has been a (at least) temporary blocking by designers to the site.
My conclusions:
We (probably) won't see the Bitcoin Foundation forum again in the near future.  We may see the forum again in 2015, because it would only make sense to have the forum up ahead of the February elections.  Some rumor has been going about regarding Foundation staff wanting to remove the Foundatioin forum, but I don't know if that's the case yet or not.  I only know that at the time I'm typing this, I've been cenored and the site appears down for myself and others and I've discussed the issue with the site moderator to examine the site problems.
Other evidence:
Example of censored post where I wrote something
You can see that post linked to in my campaign statements at
(Note that the bitcoin-election.consider.it/coin-gallagher is part of a resource in beta version and is not a Foundation forum item)
I've mirrored a couple other items which are currently removed or down (in anticipation that they would be censored or that the site itself would be taken down before the end of the year) and may post them here later upon request.  One of them has the highest number of views in the history of Foundation forum posts -- currently in excess of 16,000 views, thanks in no small part to reddit.  
Hope you all are enjoying your time with family.  Cheers!
@_date: 2014-02-27 17:35:07
As I mentioned to Gleb in the extended interview: 
"Anyone can use bitcoin and make money - to me, the greater question is, how will we use our opportunities to help others? As Peter Block once said, "Questions are more transformative than answers... They are the means by which we are all confronted with our freedom." (from "Community: The Structure of Belonging," 2008)"  (Bruce Fenton, Roger Ver, myself, and others are quoted in the article.) 
@_date: 2017-02-27 07:38:22


This part of what you stated is completely untrue - and facts supporting my statement here [have indeed been discussed to death in this subreddit previously](  It is truly sad to see such statements ("low-fee use cases have to be priced out... etc.") being brought up repeatedly.  I support SegWit, but do not support such claims as those you made in stating that "Low-fee use cases have to be priced out."  This is absolutely false.
I would also refer you to [a study]( (which was mentioned in the github discussion linked above) titled "Near Zero Transaction Fees Cannot Last Forever." In that study, you can also see a brief discussion of various issues where the author examines fees and microtransactions. Kerem Kaşkaloğlu, the author, points out,
"In the long run, the policy on transaction fees
should be set so that enough many miners have
incentive to run clients having a good enough
combined hash power to protect the network.
But on the other side of the coin, ***the fees that
miners collect should not be any higher than
sufficient in order not to discourage users from
using Bitcoin as a means of transferring money.***"
Also, not that I'm trying to be purposefully provocative or anything, but it has also been shown by people in this subreddit that bitcoin can exist without people actively mining.  [Thread on that here](
@_date: 2017-02-27 08:26:04


I notice you haven't read the study I've provided, but you're happy to draw conclusions about it. I very much doubt you bothered to read the reddit discussion on the github item that I linked you to, either.  Nice.  Ciao
@_date: 2014-12-19 12:11:26
There are some interesting resources for you but as always it is a lot of reading and participating for you.  See one of the resources [here]( That is just to get started, you may find it is not the right place and as always you may need to be referred elsewhere and different resources will be involved.  (I don't know of the language or currency so this will be an adventure that you will be able to use hopefully to your benefit later on.)
@_date: 2014-10-06 19:42:43
**True Scalability Cannot be Fully Realized without Greater Support for Core Development and Anonymity Development as an option within Bitcoin**
For all the discussions that have been had on this over the past years, I think the scalability roadmap is an important part of the effort to address the scalability concerns, and I think the ideas within make a lot of sense.  
Undoubtedly I will be criticized broadly for suggesting this, but I don't think a scalability process can be fully realized without first addressing how to:
1) decentralize the process of basic bitcoin development and incentivize more people to run a variety of node types including full nodes,
2) decouple Foundation-based funding from bitcoin or at the very least provide for a method which ensures that a larger number of non-members who work on bitcoin development are actually incentivized to make commits, and
3) Provide for a clear path to anonymity development so that such development offers an option to the users and is implemented consistent with other network requirements and desired development goals, including but not limited to scalability.  Such anonymity development should be supported both [within the context of Foundation Bylaws]( as well as by those who have developed [strong anonymity in testing]( that is distinct from today's core bitcoin development.
Some of my remarks and interactions with the bitcoin development team in the past on such matters are documented at the Foundation's forum, in a thread titled '[A Clear and Present Danger](
@_date: 2014-04-15 19:53:20
Long before all this mess was quite so public I would make arguments essentially against the overreliance upon the "easy" cloud / website based services (while trying to encourage use of full client, run-on-your-computer, p2p stuff).  This is one, but certainly not the only reason.  Perhaps more timely now than when it was first posted here, hmm?
@_date: 2014-12-23 06:16:06
That is cool.  It is pretty intense to imagine you have grandparents who are alive who will see the centralised form of money in many of its forms fade away or be exchanged for something else in many cases.  Merely that you have a 70 year old Grandma is pretty incredible when you think of what has happened in that timespan.
@_date: 2014-10-17 22:22:00
Thanks for interacting with me in reference to my comment titled 'True Scalability Cannot be Fully Realized without Greater Support for Core Development and Anonymity Development as an option within Bitcoin.'
To answer your questions:
1) Some of my more detailed suggestions can be found [here]( and [also here]( in the thread at the Foundation's forum titled '[A Clear and Present Danger](
2) I have supported DarkWallet through donation and through other means in terms of advocating for ongoing funding and development for DarkWallet and related repositories.
3) I also support the ideas that are being developed through the Zerocash project (which is an improvement over the original repositories developed in the context of Zerocoin).  I look forward to its release, which is anticipated to occur sometime close to the end of this year.  I do not support any limitations which are currently or would later be imposed by BIS or Commerce (US), and if attempts are made to prosecute people for "exporting" crypto items that help society, I would certainly encourage and probably would facilitate the broad (global) availability and release of all such crypto.
4) I have recently advocated that support for secp256k1 in browser Named Curve be added and that curve25519 be included in the Named Curve dictionary as part of my remarks on bugzilla for the Web Cryptography API Document, which is part of ongoing work of the W3C and its deliberations about extensibility/errata.  Previous to that I have participated in the W3C Workshop on Authentication, Hardware Tokens and Beyond (Sept. 10, 11 2014 in Mountain View) and successfully advocated (it wasn't hard) for an anonymity / bignum emphasis. 
Thanks again for connecting with me here.
@_date: 2014-01-26 22:34:24
@_date: 2014-12-27 03:05:42
I love how you referred to this as "the drift."  Someone just gifted me during XMas, a 'Pacific Rim' DVD, though I wouldn't have referred to that gift of a movie as a 'microgift,'  but you know it depends a lot on people's concept, too.  But for me, especially in the concept of my  project, I think of 'the drift' as this redefining of transactions (or maybe how we drift back into a giving process of connections that we lost a long time ago, a natural process we long ago lost).  And that what one person does is part of something totally huge even if the only apparent thing is something that it 'seems' that two people can apparently see in that moment.  I should also confide in you that I really, really like speed (not some artificial drug, but what you get when you are really moving) ~ velocity, altitude, coming down from it, impact..., and the sense that I get when I'm in a flow - maybe that has something to do with this drift?  
I get this odd feeling we are onto something here.  How is that? 
@_date: 2017-02-27 07:25:29
Surprised nobody here mentioned [Mycelium LT]( or [Bitsquare](  Either one will meet what you are looking for.  You may also want to try the [I2P based exchange]( More info [(updated Nov. 2016) on that here](
@_date: 2014-12-28 03:55:50
The github the way you've written it is rather technical but the devices themselves I may have a couple laying around believe it or not... which would be interesting to set up and see if I can get to work. do you have in mind a blog post written up for most non-technical users which would be written very simple and step by step?
@_date: 2014-05-18 05:43:42
Once while traveling, I heard someone say, "Currency is what's current," and that was a fairly interesting notion and I think a reasonable way of summing up what currency either is or could be.
@_date: 2014-05-14 20:12:27
Best thing written on bitcoin in a long while.  Cheers!
@_date: 2014-01-28 21:08:19
That's an interesting thought.  So I should be forever bound to the notion that politics will save us, and I should not envision any other future?  I don't wish to dismiss your remarks, but it seems ridiculous to suggest (however indirectly) that my thoughts about the state, partisan activity, legalism, etc., somehow should be disregarded because they could be considered ideological by you.  If you want things to be different you have to help craft a system that is profoundly different than the one we have today.  Thanks for your thoughts.
@_date: 2017-02-27 09:07:08


Again, it looks like you are not bothering to read what posters here write.  
@_date: 2014-12-23 16:56:15
Some kind of drama, I can tell you that
@_date: 2014-11-05 21:50:03
I'm Colin Gallagher ~ in the context of the Bitcoin Foundation, I'm an individual member with an annual membership that is currently good through Jan. 2016.  My posts on the Foundation forum are supportive of privacy, anonymity, and decentralization efforts generally.  (*edit:  I'm checking back on reddit here periodically and am happy to answer whatever questions are posted.*)
@_date: 2014-02-10 01:08:02
Please see my remarks on this [here](  Request you make edits to your post accordingly.  Just a polite request to help get correct info out.  Thanks!
@_date: 2014-02-03 22:39:30
Hey, it worked! Also, thanks. :-)
@_date: 2016-03-05 12:00:13
My feedback is that this is an interesting idea that people are likely to support, but I'd like to see there be certainty written into the BIP that the standard, currently used address types (by which I mean the long, alphanumeric addresses) would remain.  (If it's truly flexible it should let you do things with the current address model as well as the one you propose.)  There will be use cases where the current address types will be needed (and the off-chain short-naming might not be compatible, or other cases where the short-name address would be more desireable). 
Another comment is that the address book model should be managed from within the user wallet (information which is stored on the user's computer), much like the idea of where private keys should be held with a user in an application managed by the user, rather than in a web wallet where the private keys are often controlled by a company (not by the individual user). In the case of web wallets the address feature should be made an element of data that is within direct user control rather than one which is handled by a company / service or third party.  In the event that the data must be held by a company or service it should be kept out of their sight ([zero knowledge]( configuration).  At no time should the user's address book data be able to be seen or accessed by a company / service / third party.  (This is particularly important in part due to the passage of [a very sneaky provision in the US cromnibus about a year ago](
The final point is more subtle but also important.  Where you get into address books and how people are named or choose to name themselves then identity comes into play.  In no way should firms or a state be able to regulate anyone's identity.  There must be no conventions to say that you have to disclose a first name, last name, gender, and so forth.  Some corporations that already effectively regulate people's identities for AML/KYC as a condition of using their "wallets" are doing a disservice to the community.
@_date: 2016-03-05 20:01:31
I feel it was reasonable to request, and I got [a good reply from keatonatron on it]( so that was good enough for me.
@_date: 2016-03-03 08:27:55
Problem: You can't fully audit it (at least, not the BOLOS implementation of Ledger TEE).  There was another conversation where this sort of thing was [recently brought up in some detail](
@_date: 2016-03-01 03:42:46
What you have described is a serious problem.  It's not auditable at all, at least not at the present.  This came up about 10 months ago also, [with essentially the same tech](  Here's [some past code that Ledger has done for TEE implementation]( - but again, the issue remains that it's presently not possible to audit what happens there
@_date: 2017-02-27 09:07:44


It is clear what you think of people who post here, but thanks for the ad hominem attack anyway.
@_date: 2015-01-30 17:59:37
Paid trolls in r/bitcoin now, I see. I'll start over with a shorter post to minimize this effect.
@_date: 2015-01-13 04:30:38
Cameron will perish from the fires of crypto.
He will be buried in 1s and 0s forever.
Crypto will go on.
Period, end.
@_date: 2017-02-07 05:01:18
No doubt this development will also drive up Venezuelan interest in [Bitsquare]( (uncensorable, decentralized, distributed exchange).
More tools for any interested Venezuelans (or anyone else for that matter) that will help you avoid financial censorship and get things done:
For your wallet, use Electrum, Mycelium, Core, or Armory.  
DO NOT use Coinbase, BitPay or other web wallets -they can freeze or keep your funds or report you to authorities (and often do).
For exchanges, just use decentralized exchanges.   or   For selling your stuff online, to get bitcoin, use decentralized market at   For looking for work or getting work on contract, check out  - decentralized freelancing for bitcoin.
If you need a payment processor solution, best way is just use   or alternatively roll your own payment processor at 
Hope this helps, spread the word!
@_date: 2015-01-07 06:03:06
@_date: 2015-01-07 06:43:35
Anything that's 3rd party anything is now subject to broad-spectrum surveillance due to the passage of the USA/EEUU cromnibus.  See [Title III, Subtitle A, Section 309]( (one of numerous very sneakily passed sections) - if you need help finding the section, just keyword search in the document for the word 'party,' and then read very carefully.  This is something a lot of people missed.  So any transaction you route through your bank, or any record you have with a credit card company on their servers, or any consumer reports which are with any 3rd party agency, or any reviews, data services, or perhaps future batch calls which needed to be made, which any company (like Coinbase) might outsource (say to China or India), would regardless of whether they are considered to be subject to the already extensive FISA or similar surveillance, would nonetheless get wrapped up in routine blanket *warrantless* (that is, without the consent of the user) requests (by government, corporations, etc) - which are indeed referred to as "electronic communication acquired without (your) consent" in the recently passed cromnibus - intended precisely to cover any and all 3rd party data and data which is handled by 3rd party service providers, so as to make warrantless surveillance even more "legal" than it was before (I know, I know, perhaps you can bring up that debate with those who actually have been fighting the NSA for numerous years in court). As such, avoid such services - really, any services - whenever you are able to.  It's not worth getting even more financial data sucked into the void.
The value of the blockchain:  The blockchain and the information you provide on or through it. *Bitcoin is not anonymous* but by the end of 2015, there will be better options which will provide anonymity options for a wide range of cryptos. You will be able to now (and are, in fact) able to do things independent not only of banks, but of any service or business which professes to be able to do it for you.  The best things out there right now, if you do not code or program, are indeed those wallets or decentralized marketplace models which do not involve or require that you provide them with any information at all.  You have a piece of software on your computer, you run it, you keep the keys, you manage your own password.  No company or institution will ever be involved.  Stick to safe wallets: Core, Electrum, Armory.  Never use a web wallet, with perhaps the exception of CoinKite, which has made notable advances in privacy, but if you do, be prepared to leave it at a moment's notice.  Have backups of your resources in offline or multisig in a way no-one can touch.  Bitcoin is trustless!  Don't let companies and governments try and convince you it is supposed to be otherwise.
When they say, "Trust us,"  say, "No.  Trustless."
@_date: 2015-01-20 06:06:13
I want to remark here that some time back I have closed my accounts with centralized, website based services, most notably, Coinbase and Bitpay.  (It was an arduous, difficult process that Coinbase and Bitpay in particular seemed to resist fiercely, but I was finally able to close my account.)  I have been testing OpenBazaar (I look forward to continuing to do so as it improves), and ElectrumWallet, and I am hopeful also for some of the upcoming improvements to Mycelium and Mycelium Local Trader, which has the decentralized trading element.  Finally, I will soon be testing M. Hearn's Lighthouse and some other things, which I am very interested in seeing, there are a lot of good developments for me to examine.
You can see where I [originally declared that I would be leaving the centralized services behind]( which included my opposition to services which gather information and identify users.
Full disclosure:  I am a Candidate for one of the Bitcoin Foundation Individual Director seats that is up for election in February.  [This is my platform statement on user choice, bitcoin development, privacy and anonymity](
@_date: 2015-01-01 01:40:11
No. What is needed is for someone to bring the hammer down on NY's surveillance statism and for Bitpay's and Coinbase's model to end.  There are plenty of states (and countries for that matter) in which zerocash (not yet released) and stealth (send and receive, mainline, if supported) would thrive.  How about we make the dinosaurs extinct, instead of feeding and growing them?
@_date: 2015-05-31 02:55:25
Exactly.  I didn't have a problem during this "peak flood."  Sounds like someone is just trying to use this event to advocate for extreme approaches on fees and very big blocksize.  I believe, btw, that the developers have already been examining for some time how to dynamically adjust fees (and, I've seen this being discussed actively [since 2013]( and [by July 2014 it was fairly well developed]( correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think the fee stuff has changed in Core [since Feb 2015]( however, I do not see justification for pushing fees up toward infinity.  Dynamically adjust them, yes, allow them to be spiraled upward crazily, nope.
@_date: 2016-03-08 03:29:36
Here is a factor to consider, that if you are buying from something like JM Bullion you may have to deal with FATCA / FBAR issues.  However, [Vaultoro]( being a different kind of thing, Vaultoro at least has [no reporting obligation under FATCA](
Current triggers for when US persons have to file an FBAR are if:
The United States person had a financial interest in or signature authority over at least one financial account located outside of the United States; and
The aggregate value of all foreign financial accounts exceeded $10,000 at any time during the calendar year to be reported.
@_date: 2015-01-09 22:12:11
hi, and to all interested in this example above. Updates now included in microgiving example.  Also of interest is two way microgiving channels now being discussed on bitcoin development mailing list.  Cheers!
@_date: 2015-01-13 04:35:26
Curious if you have considered this:
   
$ npm install stealth.js
$ npm install coinjoin.js
Of course, it would be interesting to see the zerocash stuff too, but that's not out yet.
@_date: 2015-01-31 00:26:06
Ooo. So, I am guessing, there is more to be known based on information from countries that... don't have access to Play. Just as an example.  
I feel as though I am wandering into slushy territory.  How does one get a realistic assessment of how many wallet users you might actually have for (say, Mycelium, or Electrum, or...) and then figure out your downloads per day and then... have a KPI?  My interest in this is really in getting ultimately some kind of estimate at seeing how fast overall Core / Electrum / Mycelium and Armory are moving in terms of growth (download / adoption etc) versus the March of the Web Wallets.  And in the end If there appears to be bigger numbers, more downloads per day, etc indicating much greater Core / Electrum / Mycelium / Armory type use then I'll be a happier camper but I'll still be wondering what can I do to make sure that web wallets (Coinbase, Bitpay, Xapo, others) are left in the dust.  I am hoping to see some hard numbers and then maybe translate this into action to help promote wallets just like Electrum, Core, Armory etc.  - not just driving traffic to bitcoin.org because that promotes web wallets as well, unfortunately.
On the one hand there are things that can be done (like what Electrum does) that just makes wallets that are installed on a laptop and that remain within the control of the user just very lightweight and dead simple to use.  It could be even "lighter and sleeker" possibly but it is so simple, it is just very tough to object to, no-one can say it's "too hard" to use once the initial familiarity is reached.  
On the other is driving traffic perhaps to a site or sites that really advertise (Electrum, Mycelium, Core, Armory examples) really hard and get people to download them more, because I think promo-ing them on a site that is dedicated to just those kind of wallets (not web wallets at all) is very important, despite the diversity of wallets featured on bitcoin.org ~ I'm not sure if this is necessary but it's part of why I ask the question about this numbers stuff and wonder how we are doing with our "REAL BITCOIN" wallets versus the web wallets.  And in light of the very real threat posed by web wallet corporations now jumping in bed with banks, we have to ask the hard questions and take extra steps which I appreciate the privacy advocates doing such as Electrum, Mycelium as real examples.
@_date: 2015-01-26 03:17:44
"It is a kingdom of conscience, or nothing." ~ Balian of Ibelin
@_date: 2016-03-03 17:56:11
but, as I said, you can't fully audit it.  And "you can audit parts of it" doesn't work there.  Sorry. (Not)
p.s.:  I am, however, curious if you are part of the [OSHWA]( and/or do you aspire to help produce an [OpenRISC]( or hardware based on [OSHW Principles](  If you are, I think that would be very good, personally.
@_date: 2015-01-11 03:26:56
Thank you for all your replies. I realize you are busy and I'll stop here, but if you are going to do something like that, I'd definitely recommend it be local storage, DHTs, RPC calls and what not, and not make the program rely on traditional websites (reddit or coinbase are terrible, terrible models, just beyond the awful the more you contemplate it...)  I think realistically the decentralized market type system on phone (for hardware) needs 4G, high RAM, high processing speed, and quadcore - but this is getting easier to find in phones these days, so probably kind of pointless point.  Again, thanks for your consideration here.
@_date: 2016-03-10 06:06:43
Wow, that's interesting.
@_date: 2015-01-09 22:35:33
My platform with some recent minor changes to clarify "I meant what I said and I said what I meant." Currently don't have access to it as originally posted in the Candidates area on Bitcoin Foundation forum because all the text there has been removed and/or archived. I back up to reddit, bitcointalk, my computer, and some other places. 
So... here it is.
I'm a Candidate for Individual Director of the Bitcoin Foundation. If you're curious, and I hope you are, you can find out some interesting things about me at [this link]( which contains bitcointalk, reddit, and foundation forum links with more in-depth information - choose your forum and interact with me more.
I'm looking forward to a multi-candidate AMA on reddit and hope we can do one of those well before the Feb. 13-19 elections, but will do my own AMA - let me know (here, reddit, wherever) when you would like to see that happen and what questions you have. I will respond to you within a day's time, I am checking the different fora (bitcointalk, reddit, here, etc.) So definitely feel free!
My (admittedly very basic) platform is:
Choice for the users. Anything that does not provide or preserve user choice is a non-starter.
Bitcoin development.
Privacy and anonymity development using bitcoin. (I acknowledge that privacy and anonymity are two very different things, and I support the idea that the use of technologies that offer either should be a choice for end users ~ and I understand that the technical and development details of this cannot be whisked away by legislators, but that the details and the interface of technological progress and cultural progress must be honored as part of how our digital expression is evolving.) Support for open source initiatives that accomplish, or can help accomplish this goal in bitcoin and in any distributed-digital currency that is supported or funded by the Board and is determined to be within the ambit of the Corporation's purpose.
Additional details about what I support:
Listening to the users, as well as recognizing and including member and non-member input in the context of the Board's deliberations and decisions. Enhancing communication and supporting education about bitcoin. Greater transparency about what the Foundation is doing, through timely presentation of agendas before meetings and posting of minutes promptly thereafter. No-one should have to wait weeks or months to know what the Board does. No censorship here... We came to bitcoin tired of financial censorship in the regulated marketplaces. Now we are experiencing censorship in bitcoin communities, in fora, in "services." Listening and support yes, censorship and exclusion no.
Decentralization, support for the Foundation in its present configuration as a recognized nonprofit, and support for proposals that would decentralize aspects of the Foundation, including support for use and development of systems that would enable the userbase to collectively make funding decisions (to complement Board votes and decisions relating to funding). Independence from regulatory efforts. Focusing on expanding support for solutions based in technology (bitcoin development, decentralized exchanges, anonymity solutions).
Initiatives that reduce possible coercion while preserving or enhancing the users' ability to voluntarily make decisions about their own resources. No-one should ever be coerced or forced to provide funds to any organization or effort that they do not support, regardless of whether or not an organization claims a basis in law for its extraction of resources from the users. Freedom to express ourselves as we wish across the blockchain.
Since early November 2014 and coming out with this platform, I have stated that I will vote against any Foundation proposal that would result in initiation, continuance, or expansion of support for: a.) Foundation lobbying (to Washington, D.C. or in any country where such lobbying activity would be proposed to extend to), b.) proposals to regulate bitcoin users or their identities, and c.) any effort, whether or not its proponents claim a basis in law, where evidence suggests that Foundation support for such an effort would result in user choice being impaired or limited. I meant what I said and I said what I meant.
Colin "Area Man"
@_date: 2015-01-09 10:11:01
Thanks for your excellent responses Rassah.  I see that you needed my last paragraph's question rephrased?  tl;dr.  Say I don't want to interface with USD / fiat systems at all.  I just want to do crypto to crypto.  How would I use Mycelium in that sort of context?  
Also, since I'll soon (probably before the end of this month) be re-evaluating openbazaar (it's had some changes) along with Hearn's recently released Lighthouse, and comparing them (although they do have distinct and seperate features and purposes), I am curious what you consider to be the main or best features of the decentralized exchange of Mycelium and whether you might like it to be considered for this sort of random comparative review.
@_date: 2015-01-26 02:59:13
I would argue it is a problem. Coinbase and BitPay are part of a group (Windhover) organized via ID3 / Windhover that wants to ensure decentralized identity is not just presented, but enforced ~ they wish to enforce a concept that "man must be governed" and from past discussions after being confronted on it, the ID3 group (representatives) are clearly inflexible.  A government (corporation-state) must be able to identify you to extract resources from you.  If it cannot then you are in terms of your finances a free-er person and more able to help your community, and corporations - and corporation-states - ultimately cannot extract as much of the users as they previouisly could.  Again. This hinges on whether or not you wish to be a slave to Coinbase, BitPay, their service, their terms, and their approach to identity... as their approach to identity requires you conform and bow down before the corporation-state. 
 This gets to the issue of whether or not we want to be able to craft a society free of what has bound us in the past.  We have the possibility of casting off the chains that in the past have caused us for generations to be so prone to having our tax dollars years after year for generations sent to feudal lords of war who commit genocide and engage in massive slavery using our resources.  That is called taxation, not only without our consent, but without our input as to where the money should end up after having been collected.  Layers of consent, or in this case, lack thereof in our society, lead to layers of a surplus of violence which in turn lead to an abundance of anger which is turned into a circle of hatred, which we have the power to break, first by raising our awareness, but also by removing resources from those who wish to centralize such resources in the hands of a few who would then continue to use them without regard or interest to what the rest of humanity is concerned with. 
The notion of a "50 state solution," which a conference of bankers is preparing to unleash upon is in final form in mid-February (although they have no legal basis to impose it) right in the middle of a Bitcoin Foundation election, is at the very least a little bit suspicious, and BitPay has just in the past few days been seen running with its lobbyists and friends to none other than the US Treasury (of course to ensure its interests are protected).  This is not what bitcoin is about.  This is bullshit. 
 If you want to get a driver's license to move across the internet, be my guest.  If you want a license to use bitcoin, be my guest, if you want to get the permission of  bankers in the form of of a credit check from coinbase, do so, but the better thing to do would be not to do so,  remember our roots.  Remember that thing called Core?  Don't like it?  Use Electrum, Mycelium, Armory.  Why this long ramble?  Because it is not so simple as saying "There are alternatives."  Geez, with the Nazis, there were alternatives, too, but look what happened.  People made really bad choices. As a result people followed Hitler to war, and the world got the Holocaust - a genocide, in a genocidal state, during WWII.  
Many people today would argue we are now today, still in a genocidal state.  This is powered by taxation, but not merely by that.  It is because your (or many) people's consience in this day and age may not yet have been activated, and only you know how to do so.
    Here we are.  Make your choice. 
@_date: 2015-01-04 11:21:21
this is interesting, in part because 
* it is, I think, already there even if not widely used (see notes below)
* [zakat]( if blended with bitcoin use, means that the trust inherent in zakat, is blended somehow with the trustless bitcoin.  
* No matter where you are in the world there will always be some degree of relationship building that is integral to the use of any technology, "the relationship is the ultimate technology" even as trustless systems displace all kinds of things.
Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency (SAMA), according to the article, apparently has been warning (WATCH OUT! IT'S BITCOIN!) for some 3 months about "the new electronic currency known as Bitcoin" which "invaded the global digital market in recent times since," but these warnings did not limit the efforts of some international companies that promoted virtual currencies and are of course still trying to break through barriers to use of financial transactions in Saudi Arabia. (My guess:  They are not waiting for a 50-state solution, they are just going to go and use it for their business.)
It seems there may be a Australian based company which may have presence in 40 countries and has an office in Dubai, to serve so that it can provide a Bitcoin exchange (service?) in the UAE, Saudi Arabia and possibly elsewhere.
**aha:  the Australian company is [igot]( which has presence not in 40, but now in 100 countries including Kenya and has tied into m-pesa.  Someone's been weaving and tying together payment systems, watch out because this igot thing feels like the next payment monopoly.  And because the igot business is in Australia where the regulation makes the bitcoins [at least 10% more expensive to purchase]( placing this burden squarely upon many of the persons in the world who are least able to shoulder the additional costs. such as people who live in Kenya.  We should stay away from centralized services and utilze fully decentralized models for both [wallets]( and [markets](
Someone writing the article seemed interesed in that in Dubai that the bitcoin transactions had increased by over a million dirhams (approx 270,000 USD), apparently hitting nearly five hundred percent growth in the third quarter of 2014, but I'm curious how many users there really were.  Perhaps these are the early days of bitcoin use in Dubai where it is sort of exploding out in terms of use, but it is hard to say?  In any event, what was really interesting thas that there was a pizza business there which was the first business to accept bitcoin in that region.  
I don't know the name of the pizza business.  But I am sensing a trend here.
@_date: 2015-01-26 09:00:06
Thanks. We make our choices now or they are made for us. It is not always obvious but we truly in a time of great change.  One of the greatest changes is when we decide to do what is right within.
@_date: 2015-01-26 04:14:55
I keep wondering why all the decentralization advocates keep fawning over centralized sites, which are busy... selling banks.
Of course, if your self hostable merchant services platform to rival coinbase, as you put it, is simply another way to a bank, then I'm not interested..  What I DO like is the immediate implications for artists, innovators, businesses of all stripes, who simply want payments received through their website to go to their wallet and not through a "service" like Coinbase(!). (Thanks for seeing the obvious need for something like that.) I am interested in solutions that either don't involve people using banks at all (crypto to crypto) or perhaps as DarkWallet has recently done, minimized the friction involved in simply removing cash from an ATM system in Spain (examples come to mind of where people have been frozen out of their accounts and need a solution).. I did look at what is going on in your github and screenshots... 
(( Side note - see comments from who is working with Mycelium / LocalTrader and discusses [in this thread]( some upcoming likely enhancements to LT ))
I am curious though if you might be interested more in completely non-bank, even more non-institutional solutions, that is to say, that do not involve permission, permits, legality, or institutional structures at all.  I get the feeling that your project is already there, being that it IS free...  but... in other words, let us say that such a project would be non-corporate (no software project's corporation for governments to sue and shut down, no group of people to throw into a court, at most just an open source repository which people contribute to periodically as the result of a FOSS project).
Please note that I am an opponent of the Coinbase and BitPay model, as noted in a post [which has thus far garnered over 18,000 views]( and I am a [Candidate for Individual Director seat of the Bitcoin Foundation]( [(my platform)]( for which elections are coming this mid-February.  (Please support me, etc.)
@_date: 2017-02-27 07:17:09
YES FOR NOW
@_date: 2015-01-22 05:58:16
Thanks for emphasizing the importance of decentralization! By the way, I just updated my [ConsiderIt page]( which is part of the upcoming platform used by the Foundation to compare candidates.  I've also made a brief statement about how you can participate in the election process itself as part of my [Bitcoin Foundation forum page statement](  Please share those pages around as much as possible, and vote in February!
@_date: 2015-01-01 01:49:15
Happy New Year! (I've e-mailed, please e-mail me back sometime in the New Year in the first week or two if possible. Cheers!)
@_date: 2016-03-03 18:23:22
Good to hear!
@_date: 2015-01-07 07:42:54
@_date: 2016-03-03 08:05:52
That is the kind of information that Electrum's creators should put on the Electrum website or clearly in it's documentation... I think a lot of people look over it and wonder "how the heck would I do this" (with respect to connecting it to Tor or I2P)
@_date: 2017-02-07 04:41:36
So far as we can tell, President Trump is taking on advisers who actually are very pro-bitcoin.  Not just one or two, either.  Sources:  ([1]( [2](
@_date: 2015-01-07 06:24:31
Someone [please read this]( and then explain to me why you are still with Coinbase.  (Yes, there are other options, yes, you can obtain bitcoin in a decentralized or in-person marketplace, yes, doing so without services like Coinbase and BitPay is less convenient and instant, yes, the tradeoff you make when leaving such services is worth protecting your privacy and avoiding the harsh, institutional model, though having less (or just not as fast for many people) access to financial services can be tough.)  
By the way, yes, I have quit Coinbase and BitPay, for example, but the process was (initially) excruciating, with the companies fighting me every step of the way.  At some steps I had to threaten (or at least, pretend) lawsuit merely to get them to agree to close my account and to get them to agree to timely discard (delete) certain categories of my information (data) which they possessed.  I sensed that in some aspects of the process, their hands were bound by the poor decisions they made in the creation of their business model:  The more customer information they keep (or initially collect), the more they end up being "compelled" to give to 'government' requestors later on down the road under newer "third party" laws or "business records" retention provisions, not to mention NSLs (and other things) which not all companies fight equally.  Depending on where you are there are complexities to this, one more reason why wallets like Electrum SPV or Core - installed on your computer, you manage your keys, not some far-away Gox, BitStamp, Coinbase, or BitPay (no matter what their claims are) - then you're better off.  Period, end.
Full(er) disclosure:  I also periodically use decentralized marketplaces (am exploring the workings of openbazaar, which is itself very new) and am making a bid as Candidate for Individual Director for Bitcoin Foundation.
@_date: 2016-03-03 08:38:09
In case you feel like taking Finney's advice to heart and putting some of that coin to good use, see 
@_date: 2015-01-12 01:09:53
I like your thinking on how that could progress from your nodes to more of an OB approach - kind of a blended progress, and it's clear it would be something that would be manageable from many mobile phones or tablets as well (from my own perspective / systeme-D, this is kind of vital as time goes on).  I appreciate your taking into account these thoughts.
OK, now I'm up on my stump. Please share the following around, if possible.  My privacy / anonymity / candidacy statements are here for BTC Foundation Director stuff. [Bitcointalk thread]( Please share amongst others you know in reddit and bitcointalk communities! Thanks. 
@_date: 2015-01-08 07:36:45
Rassah, with M.Hearn's Lighthouse about to go into public beta on Jan. 8, 2015 on vinumeris.com, and as I have already explored openbazaar a bit (it's excellent, but still not yet easy to glide into for most users), I am curious how you are progressing with the ongoing improvements to the decentralized exchange you have mentioned in the comment to which I am replying.  
Part of the issue with most mobile devices being used for decentralized exchange is storage, how do you overcome that problem?  What kind of limitations do you encounter in trying to have a decentralized exchange on a mobile phone while still ensuring that users are in complete control of keys at all times (even if the exchange is only for bitcoins and not for other things)?  
And, are there moments when due to the LocalTrader use, the user is no longer in complete control of their keys, albeit temporarily?  
Finally, if I don't want to interface with USD / fiat systems at all - that is, if I am really just a shoe leather and systemD kind of person (and am interested really only in crypto to crypto interactions for terms, with a minimum of cash on the side by private agreement), what kind of magic do I need to do to ensure I don't have LocalTrader's USD function made part of of what is displayed as present in Mycelium if I were ever to use it in the future? 
Let me know the answers to these things, I get curious.
@_date: 2016-01-14 05:13:23
My question here in looking at this article is whether this kind of thing will ultimately tear bitcoin apart, or whether it will just give people more choices?
@_date: 2015-01-09 22:28:56
My platform with some recent minor changes to clarify "I meant what I said and I said what I meant."  ~~Currently~~ I don't always have good access to it as posted in the Candidates area on Bitcoin Foundation forum because the text there has been removed and archived from time to time.  Good thing I back up to reddit, bitcointalk, my computer, and some other places.
I'm a Candidate for Individual Director of the Bitcoin Foundation. If you're curious, and I hope you are, you can find out some interesting things about me at [this link]( which contains bitcointalk, reddit, and foundation forum links with more in-depth information - choose your forum and interact with me more. 
I'm looking forward to a multi-candidate AMA on reddit and hope we can do one of those well before the Feb. 13-19 elections, but will do my own AMA - let me know (here, reddit, wherever) when you would like to see that happen and what questions you have. I will respond to you within a day's time, I am checking the different fora (bitcointalk, reddit, here, etc.) So definitely feel free!
My (admittedly very basic) platform is:
Choice for the users. Anything that does not provide or preserve user choice is a non-starter.
Bitcoin development.
Privacy and anonymity development using bitcoin. (I acknowledge that privacy and anonymity are two very different things, and I support the idea that the use of technologies that offer either should be a choice for end users ~ and I understand that the technical and development details of this cannot be whisked away by legislators, but that the details and the interface of technological progress and cultural progress must be honored as part of how our digital expression is evolving.) Support for open source initiatives that accomplish, or can help accomplish this goal in bitcoin and in any distributed-digital currency that is supported or funded by the Board and is determined to be within the ambit of the Corporation's purpose.
Additional details about what I support:
Listening to the users, as well as recognizing and including member and non-member input in the context of the Board's deliberations and decisions. Enhancing communication and supporting education about bitcoin. Greater transparency about what the Foundation is doing, through timely presentation of agendas before meetings and posting of minutes promptly thereafter. No-one should have to wait weeks or months to know what the Board does. No censorship here... We came to bitcoin tired of financial censorship in the regulated marketplaces. Now we are experiencing censorship in bitcoin communities, in fora, in "services." Listening and support yes, censorship and exclusion no.
Decentralization, support for the Foundation in its present configuration as a recognized nonprofit, and support for proposals that would decentralize aspects of the Foundation, including support for use and development of systems that would enable the userbase to collectively make funding decisions (to complement Board votes and decisions relating to funding). Independence from regulatory efforts. Focusing on expanding support for solutions based in technology (bitcoin development, decentralized exchanges, anonymity solutions).
Initiatives that reduce possible coercion while preserving or enhancing the users' ability to voluntarily make decisions about their own resources. No-one should ever be coerced or forced to provide funds to any organization or effort that they do not support, regardless of whether or not an organization claims a basis in law for its extraction of resources from the users. Freedom to express ourselves as we wish across the blockchain.
Since early November 2014 and coming out with this platform, I have stated that I will vote against any Foundation proposal that would result in initiation, continuance, or expansion of support for:  a.) Foundation lobbying (to Washington, D.C. or in any country where such lobbying activity would be proposed to extend to), b.) proposals to regulate bitcoin users or their identities, and c.) any effort, whether or not its proponents claim a basis in law, where evidence suggests that Foundation support for such an effort would result in user choice being impaired or limited. I meant what I said and I said what I meant.
"Area Man" 
@_date: 2015-01-30 17:44:24
Note, the basic premise of this post is that coinbase, bitpay, and numerous other web wallet companies associated with the windhover initiative [are essentially completely contrary to everything that bitcoin is about]( as you can see from a post of mine that was sent to reddit and surprisingly got over 18,000 views as a result and [a huge amount of discussion]( (I think it went to the top of reddit in bitcoin for a while). So if you are not familiar with that argument or fundamentally refuse to acknowledge it, then please seek other venues for trolling.
Please note that this post is not to acknowledge your arguments that "people use multiple wallets."  Please take that tripe elsewhere.  
This post is simply and merely to request the following.  
**"What would be the total number of wallet users based on known KPIs for Core, Electrum, Mycelium, and Armory?"**
See post description if you are so confused that you could not read it.
Thank you.
@_date: 2015-01-30 18:08:17
Yeah. How about that?
@_date: 2015-01-31 20:17:42
Is the figure of 2,855,601 from [bitcoinfoundation.org/kpi]( an accurate representation of Core wallet users, or are they aggregating different kinds of wallets into that figure?
@_date: 2015-01-07 06:00:28
Ha! before I received your reply, I did wonder if this had something to do with whatever it was that happened in (early) 2014 that you had done in... what what I now realize is Dubai.  I now see that it is!  The pizza effect ripples outward.
@_date: 2016-03-14 00:07:53
Relevant to this post, I predicted a "hybrid crypto-fiat token" evolving as part of [this thread]( back in early 2015.  There's an extensive discussion about issues and topics related to that there.  (As you'll see, I disagree with the notion of the central banks' or the state's corporation-compliance model, and I feel these (banks, states) are one and the same as the corporation-state includes such things as the central bank as well as systems of bureaucracy inherent in what people call "government.")
@_date: 2016-03-03 08:21:22
yes, this!
@_date: 2015-01-07 16:28:48
No, that's a myth, and I'm sorry you feel that way. It does kind of indicate that you haven't seriously been put in a place yet where you have had to explore things outside of ordinary convenient services which pump fiat into your fists quickly.  I'm glad BitPay denied you an account.  You're better off.  Get out of Coinbase. Get out of Circle if you're still in it.  Use a little more shoe leather in your interactions, person-to-person, systemD, etc.  No-one can tell you what to do but yourself, but the idea that these services that ask you to trust them (which also happen to retain your data for a minimum of 5 years, run credit reports on you, and share all your information with the US gov't) is completely ludicrous.  
It's like nobody even knows what bitcoin is. 
If that's what you think it is, just get out of bitcoin and go to a bank.  kthxbai
@_date: 2015-01-16 02:45:24
People should know what it is or at least be discussing that in plain English here too... but I think that based on my early review of it, it seems like it could a helpful adaptive addition ~ here is an explanation and some visualization, from [a different implementation in a completely different coin](  (It is implemented in some several coins.  Please note it is not Kimono Gravity Well, but it is Kimoto Gravity Well, as the author of this reddit post correctly noted.)
@_date: 2016-03-12 08:01:26
This (Bitsquare) is basically a decentralized exchange.  My understanding of how it would interface with the fiat world is still being worked out (though they do have an existing method of utilizing bank transfer with the current pre-release version), but you have a tremendous amount of functionality already - check out the current release at 
and some info on it generally at
@_date: 2015-01-09 21:56:01
yes, support for altcoins would be good.  I wonder why ppl can't just specify that they don't want to have USD as an option in terms of what they want to exchange. for example, if all I wanted to exchange at the moment is btc, bcn, and drk for whatever, then I should be able to stipulate that in my setup using a dropdown or something. There should also be something that allows me to stipulate that I will not accept USD or bank-dependent monetary systems. And the setup and preferences on phone should allow me to change it at any moment as my circumstances change on the fly, which... they do. (e.g. if it is bcn, btc, drk one day, it could have different preferences that I set another day) but you know, whatevs.  I'm suggesting putting that kind of power in the hands of the user is the direction I'd prefer.  It's actually what I need day to day otherwise I end up having to cobble together solutions.
@_date: 2015-01-09 22:23:10
I do agree that there are deep flaws in the way this system works.  Privacy vs. convenience.  Many people lean in the direction of convenience and assume they must do so at the cost of privacy, shrug their shoulders and often complain but take no serious steps to stop their date from flowing into the hands of 3rd parties, corporation-states, etc.  Also, taking ownership of our keys instead of throwing them headlong to someone else to "manage" shouldn't be that hard, but look at gnupg (gpg) - great software, but tough learning curve... things like textsecure do make examples that this process can be easier.  It doesn't have to be thrown out into the world of web services which then are selling your information (or are compelled to give it up by 'state' order) every which way.  That's not a good future.  There is a better way and it is possible.
@_date: 2015-01-07 16:36:53
I believe this is not original, by the way. This message, or something like it, may have actually been something from back from 2011, from when bitcoin took parity with US dollar.  I just decided to add the zen koan in the text.  Everything has just so long, and it is just time for the cup to die.
@_date: 2016-03-05 19:58:40
Thanks for the reply, I appreciate you taking the time to look over my input.
@_date: 2016-03-04 01:39:48
I just looked at your github, steve, when I get back on github again, and check my e-mail (I am not looking forward to it because I think I will have probably over eight hundred e-mails to look at or delete, but must do this soon because it seems to build up) then I will @ mention you on github for a related thing.  (I am _not_ pcvcolin on github, I have different ID there)
@_date: 2016-01-28 10:27:54
Rise Chikun?
@_date: 2015-01-29 00:44:42
For some reason this reminded me of the Clipper chip battle... I searched for some story relating to FCC demanding broadcast licenses to be paid retroactively (since you used those words) and only found something relating to FCC demanding that Marriott hotels (recently) not shut down their WiFi for customers (though they still haven't done anything about SFBART shutting down wifi and cell service in 2011 even though that's (still!) been an open issue on the FCC's site for like... since then).  I may have also found something related to India, but that couldn't have been right because FCC doesn't go there... I hope.  (By the way it should be apparent I am not a fan of regulatory solutions but once upon a time, I did file something with the FCC (an Emergency Petition, a type of formal filing with complex rules that goes on the record at the FCC and involved service of process to SFBART) in hopes it would help resolve the SFBART issue and get the FCC to act on it... Back in late 2011. (Despite Congressional action and inquiry in connection with my filing with the FCC there has never been FCC action in the form of a formal ruling for or against SFBART.) I was such a naive child then (on such issues on whether regulations can be effective, as I now well realize that they cannot; regulatory solutions are by and large utterly useless and the more centralized and top-down controlled a system is, the more messed up it is going to be, generally).
@_date: 2016-03-08 03:01:07
If you are experiencing problems, make a note of exactly what you were doing and take it to [the bitcointalk thread](  People in that thread are pretty good at helping you assuming that you provide an explanation of what you did or where you ran into trouble.
@_date: 2014-04-29 03:38:35
A lot of this comes down to the third point being implemented everywhere so that it's just part of what people do in their wallet.
On the fourth point, people tend not to think of it in these terms, but we need to re-frame how we define and think about transactions, purchases, and so forth.  This entails rebuilding society from the ground up beginning with our meanings, how we use words, and then working that into our software, and [making that a part of how we decentralize giving](
That's a start.
@_date: 2016-01-31 03:51:38
This is probably the least political bitcoin post on r/Bitcoin ~ but look at how interesting it is to redditors.  Not much!  That is saying something.  Not sure what, but that says something, I suppose.
@_date: 2017-02-27 23:43:54


Actually, your point doesn't stand at all.  Most people observing the space acknowledge a short-term loss for the small fee transactions which aren't as feasible right now as they obviously used to be, while still acknowledging that in the long-run there will be a return for smaller fee transactions to be made more feasible.  As pointed out in an earlier comment, this has been discussed ad nauseam.  Lightning and Subsatoshi are both viable in the (not immediate, but probably fairly near-term) future of bitcoin, [as has been discussed here](  These involve both off-chain and on-chain models for handling microtransactions.
On the other topic (unrelated, but tangential perhaps) of what to do if there were not a lot of miners, because you refuse to read, and prefer simply to opine, you disregarded [other users' comments on the issue]( and falsely claimed that I was only envisioning a scenario where broadcasting transactions would be possible (as I and others clearly stated receiving, with more confirmations, would be possible also).
I don't see further conversation with you as productive. Please cease your diatribe and stop responding to me here.  Thank you.
@_date: 2016-03-05 00:14:52
It's great you are doing this, thank you very much.
@_date: 2016-01-31 09:04:38
First, absolutely don't go to Switzerland, and don't create a company there.  Switzerland is a country that has a [FATCA model 2 IGA agreement]( with the USA.  It is also poised to engage in [a massive distribution plan that is about to wreck its economy]( 
Specific to your question, "what rules and regulations would I need to abide by in order to start a bitcoin investment company(?)" the answer is, it depends!  Bitcoin is used all around the world, is not a currency of a nation, and is treated differently by different governments.  As you know, there are hundreds and hundreds of governments around the world - better known as corporation-states.  Counting states with partial recognition and oft-unrecognized, but de-facto sovereign states, in addition to generally understood soverereign corporation states and observer states, we have something like 207 corporation states to contend with around the globe.  
But, it's not so simple as that, unfortunately:
UN Members: 193
UN Observer States: 2
States With Partial Recognition: 2 
Inhabited Dependent Territories: 45
Uninhabited Territories: 6
Antarctica: 1
Total: 249
Because you refer to the SEC in your post, I am going to assume you are making reference to the USA and therefore are most likely to remain in the USA.  Second, I'm assuming that you actually care about what the federal government thinks, which has [its own rule for who becomes a money transmitter]( (if you are an administrator or an exchanger).  The USA, of course, has 50 states (and the District of Columbia), each with its own unique laws. If you live in New York, the simple answer to your question is, don't bother.  Get out of New York and do your startup in Texas or California, or basically any other state than New York.
If you live in California, there's a great resource for you:  It's called the [Plug and Play Accelerator]( and more specifically to bitcoin, [Bitcoin Plug and Play](  Great folks, very helpful for anyone considering a startup.
Your best bet is to develop a github page demonstrating what it is, at least in concept, that it is that you'd like to promote or get people to invest in as it becomes more developed.  Show proof of concept.  This is key.  Don't worry about what the SEC thinks or about the IRS thinks.  Get a proof of concept done, put something on github and launch it to github pages, and get it in front of someone like the reviewers (and investors associated with) Bitcoin Plug and Play.  Get a reaction from them and get input.  Then go back and do it again.  Failure is good because you learn and you can improve what you started working on.  If you get to a point where you have to worry about a legal issue you will get there.  But you are not there.  First, prove to anyone who wants to see it what it is that you have and that it works.  
@_date: 2016-01-19 06:57:57
Yeah, also for context, the Dharma people and some of the Others on the island in Lost, and some people that had been living there like eternally or something, got in big fights and disagreements.  You know, real life forks.
So, The Dharma Fork as being compared to a new bitcoin fork (it's not really).  I was just poking fun at the current state of things too.
@_date: 2016-01-19 06:50:57
The Dharma Initiative.  One of their stations was The Flame.  The Dharma Fork was [salvaged from the flame](
@_date: 2016-03-28 06:03:19
Thank you!
@_date: 2016-03-04 23:45:58
Well, sort of.  Depends on what you want to use it for.  There is [a bitcointalk thread on it here]( where you can post questions about it, if it's the kind of thing that you'd rather not ask on github issue.  The site itself is instructional as to the order of what you are supposed to do - you can generate a new multisig here 
The general order of things (to actually manually do a transaction) is:
then [sign](
then [broadcast](
For a 2-of-2 multisig, for example, you would be generating 2 sets of Bitcoin keys (2 addresses, 2 public [compressed or uncompressed] keys, and 2 private keys) and then generating a 2-of-2 p2sh address using the public keys from your first step.
When you both get to the signing step for a transaction where you would be spending funds that sit in the p2sh address you have created, the order should not matter,  priv1 / priv2 key - it used to matter with this tool who signed first, but now it does not matter.
Note also that to send funds to a multisig (p2sh) address that you generate using this tool that you will need to be using a wallet that actually is capable of sending to multisig (p2sh).  For example, Electrum, Core, Copay, as a few examples.  (Note that Electrum has good documentation on how you can manage its multisig functions.)
Part of the reason I like multisig is it drives regulators up the wall even without the mixing, JoinMarket, and Zcash.  Still, with firms like Chainalysis and Coinalytics out there, using multisig and JoinMarket (or other CoinJoin implementation when one becomes available) is only part of the solution, to mask the IPs they seek you need to use Tor or I2P with your wallet as well.  So it's good that coinb.in has an .onion address.
@_date: 2016-01-22 07:41:10
Good points. Thanks for the response.
@_date: 2016-03-28 06:25:15
See meta issue thread at 
Also see notes about "Automatically use Tor hidden services" under 
@_date: 2016-01-15 01:15:45
"Never stray from the Way." ~ Miyamoto Musashi (宮本 武蔵), Dokkōdō (独行道)
@_date: 2017-03-09 03:34:46
Some good suggestions in this thread.  Needs more upvotes, this discussion does.
@_date: 2016-03-12 08:10:37
This is a good suggestion.  (For future examples where someone is actually attempting to do a no fee or extremely low-fee or micro-type transaction in bitcoin, one resource you may want to explore is [Blockcypher](  In general, Bitcoin (Core, etc) has been migrating away from supporting lower fees, which it has had to do to some degree, but which [has also had deleterious effects](
@_date: 2014-01-22 21:21:32
I'm a member of the Bitcoin Foundation and the Bitcoin Foundation's Education Committee, so I guess you could say I am pretty happy to see this announcement.  I've made some suggestions in the moderated Google discussion which is linked to in this reddit post, under the same username I have here on Reddit.  My Bitcoin Foundation profile is [here](  I'm new to Foundation stuff but have been messing with bitcoin for a while, here's [a work plan relating to microdonations]( that I recently released with a friend.
@_date: 2016-03-12 08:09:07
You could wait for it to successfully confirm, instead of waiting for it to "fail to confirm."  (Note:  Yes, it does happen.)
See also [this](
@_date: 2016-03-12 08:34:30
Apart from other comments I've posted here, there may be a resource useful to some people who use Bitcoin Core... see the following:
@_date: 2016-03-03 08:18:30
Not most ideal, but check out  or alternatively,
 (updated as of 6 days ago)
Some while back I helped get multisig debugged with this one (was fun).
@_date: 2016-03-05 11:08:50
Thank you, and what is up with almost none of them having a warrant canary? That seems like it just should be straightforward.  Also, maybe there should be another field to identify which VPNs provide you with [an option of selecting a server in a country that has made data retention unconstitutional]( - I believe that right now that's just Slovakia and Slovenia in terms of the countries that have actually made data retention unconstitutional and haven't then gone and made new surveillance laws.  (Netherlands suspended data retention but then ended up pushing more surveillance legislation, for example, so I'm not fond of using Netherlands servers.)  I've also noted that Paraguay not so long ago voted down a mass surveillance bill, in the South America category.
@_date: 2016-03-09 00:13:35
If it is in the USA and not a financial institution, then I suppose you are right about FATCA and FBAR not being a concern for those interested in JM Bullion, but TISA might.  The TISA text describes gold and silver as "other negotiable instruments and financial assets, including bullion."  Governments are getting pretty grabby these days.
@_date: 2017-03-07 09:18:21


On this above point I agree...


However, I simply don't agree with the above statement.  Makes no sense.  BU is just nonsensical.  
I'm fine with SegWit by the way.
More than anything, I'm interested to see potential adoption / implementation of Lightning and [Subsatoshi]( (widespread).
@_date: 2016-03-05 19:57:26
I agree it is difficult to have a no logs promise, though a warrant canary I simply think more business organizations could do, but haven't, because lazy.
@_date: 2016-01-15 00:39:41
You do realize, that there are 15 open issues in github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin that reference the term SPV and that there are maybe two that qualify for this SPV code issue for development into a wallet, thus it would not make sense for me to open a new issue?
Please see:  
and 
@_date: 2016-03-01 03:28:34
How to determine reliable .onion servers?  Just pushing the issue here.  Not specifically arguing for one (I2P / Tor) over the other.  I actually like Electrum (and use it) but would argue that it doesn't make it obvious to users (at least, not to newcomers) how to use it with either Tor or I2P.  There's nothing on the Electrum website or in its documentation on the subject.
@_date: 2016-03-09 00:22:55
Agreed, generally.  1st, bitcoin is certainly not anonymous. Second, they don't make mention of [JoinMarket]( which is really as you say the only working and useful CoinJoin implementation right now (and even has a nice UX/UI going for it, also).
However, I would note that Shapeshift and xmr.to do report to authorities.  Read their terms carefully (shapeshift [terms example]( - read under the privacy and transparency section at the very end).  You shouldn't use them unless you are o.k. with your transactions possibly being reported to someone else occasionally.
@_date: 2017-03-09 02:50:08
@_date: 2016-03-03 18:09:10
(My reply above was edited, to add some stuff. Apologies)
@_date: 2016-01-14 04:26:45
Theymos, hello, in your comment above you state in part that "if (controversial hardforks) happen frequently, I can't see Bitcoin surviving," and that you "view it as absolutely essential that the Bitcoin community and infrastructure ostracize controversial hardforks."  I realize that this is about your response to a proposal to fix r/bitcoin moderation policy, but I wanted to take this a step further. While I disagree that Bitcoin won't survive (here replying to your remarks), I do agree that there is some effort that has to go into being selective about what kind of clients do or don't appear on a well-known website that promotes certain bitcoin wallets - as the issues are similar there to what can happen here - and I don't feel that "ostracizing" is the right term, but rather, clearly defining standards that will protect a community as best you are able.  I feel as though this is rehashing something that was already discussed at length regarding bitcoin.org since the time of the discussion of the [hardfork policy]( on June 16, 2015 after substantial discussion on the issue.
Rather than "ostracizing," in order to clearly define standards, I urge readers to look at and participate in issues where standards and definitions are being discussed for bitcoin.org - and bring any agreed-upon standards or definitions back here for the r/bitcoin - otherwise, there will just be more bickering back and forth endlessly.
To participate in these, please see, for example:
and / or
Thank you
@_date: 2016-01-28 10:55:33
The reaction of banks / Coinbase / other similar people as they witness these developments:
@_date: 2016-03-08 03:03:08
Nice tip, TY!
@_date: 2017-03-30 18:36:23


Well, yeah.  To be fair, though, I think not many of us (including those of us here in the U.S.) would have thought that the U.K. would have gone as far overboard as it did with its crazy censorship proposals (and laws which have now gone into effect such as the Investigatory Powers Act or Snoopers' Charter, which is being challenged legally by an organization there called Liberty, kind of a U.K. equivalent of the EFF I guess).  What's her name, May, has done some really nutty censorship stuff that we haven't even done yet in the United States, probably only because we have the 1st Amendment here, but one wonders if some nutcase might try to emulate what she's been doing in the U.K. here in the U.S. with respect to censorship policies.  I suspect if they did such things would be struck down at the U.S. Supreme Court (due to Brandenburg v. Ohio precedent / landmark case and so on), but back to the point, yes, he probably should not have run home to the U.K., should have known better.
@_date: 2017-03-22 03:57:27
This caught my eye.  Yep, that is the stuff of legends. Roger will be nowhere to be found.  BU is failing, anyway.
@_date: 2016-01-23 04:39:37
Interesting.  It seems this is an area that needs more exploration, for sure.  Unless people want to get kicked in the ass by [ soon.
@_date: 2016-01-14 05:15:28
Niiiiiiiiiiccceeee........ now everyone, go cheer as you remind yourself that bitcoin is about to be integrated into paypal.
@_date: 2016-01-22 01:55:08
I'm not sure how a decrease in Linux community representation is good for bitcoin.  In fact, from my perspective, I think it may be bad for bitcoin, because as of now, the Linux board is chosen by member companies only - "10 by platinum members (platinum membership costs $500,000 a year), 3 by gold members (gold membership costs $100,000 a year) and 1 by silver members (silver membership costs between $5,000 and $20,000 a year, depending on company size). Up until recently individual members ($99 a year) could also elect two board members, allowing for community perspectives to be represented at the board level."  But now, the individual members cannot be selected.  This is similar in some ways to what appears to be happening at the Bitcoin Foundation, where (although the bylaws for elections haven't yet been changed), appointments were made for open board seats and elections were deferred to a date uncertain.  
In general, it appears as though individual or association's representation (for those who are not representatives of a financially powerful organization) can no longer have a seat at the table at the Linux Foundation.  This does not bode well for open source development, and on a tangential note, might not bode well for bitcoin in some respects as Linux-based releases are considered more secure than Windows or MacOSX.  But I'm curious to know what others think about this.
@_date: 2017-03-09 06:27:01
Also good post:  "[How Jason Bourne Stores His Bitcoin](
@_date: 2016-01-23 01:57:17
Thanks for your answer! What are your thoughts on Lamport Signatures, suggested by V. Buterin? 
@_date: 2016-01-31 03:39:11
@_date: 2016-01-15 00:32:01
I suppose you are right.  It is very likely that we will have to wait for the emergence of a truly decentralized exchange which can function on any platform (Linux variants, Windows, Mac/OSX) before decentralized payroll services will emerge.  However, if we look at Bitsquare -  - which is doing well at following its roadmap -  - we see there is an example of such a decentralized exchange, albeit in alpha (beta is due out in early 2016).  The current release, v0.3.2.2, is a pre-release candidate (intended mainly for developers and testers) for the official Beta version which will later be released.
I think that many people, just as you do, find solutions such as Bitwage to be quite reasonable for the present time.  Employers find such solutions convenient because (centralized) solutions such as Bitwage handle all the complexities of compliance issues related to prevailing wages, what needs to be paid, and so on... a good overview of that (at least for USA employer purposes) is here:   This is not to say that I agree with the perspective of government intervention in affairs of virtual currency (because actually, I don't), but I do understand where employers want to limit their liability.
@_date: 2017-03-14 21:55:53
Isn't the point of it though to do the tumble / join and then get them out?  I don't think the idea is to keep them in.
Pinging about your security question though.
@_date: 2019-03-19 19:10:10
Kyle, hello. I sent you an email this morning. Looking forward to your reply.
@_date: 2019-03-22 15:48:24
@_date: 2016-01-15 20:43:32
I echo the thoughts and concerns of (most) other commenters here.  Screw coinbase, go elsewhere.  I would also add to that, please read [the following missive of mine on why I left Coinbase and other similar services]( and consider using the [Bitsquare]( decentralized exchange, (now in [beta pre-release]( and the [Openbazaar]( market (soon to launch a new and improved version).
@_date: 2016-03-12 07:55:57
I have an idea, let's decrypt the government databases and make it so all the financial and other private information they have floats around freely and non-privately just like Obama wants it to... OhPM, never mind.  Already happens.
@_date: 2019-03-28 00:18:15
Decided I would get a domain for it. Will post as a unique new reddit post when the site I am acquiring has content. May even include a method for bitcoin donations to cities and states that adopt the Virtual Sanctuary bill (it will be something like Wyoming's, will have security standards for exchanges, no reserve, no new permits, and no finsurv (no financial surveillance requirement), but nothing will be proposed to legislators until Reddit vets the draft and tears it up and reconstructs it however Redditors here want).
@_date: 2016-01-28 10:36:22
With that caveat "other than on localbitcoins or surbitcoin," I would suggest inquiring with the developer of Bitsquare ( which has just let out a pre-release beta candidate.  
You could also try doing it in OpenBazaar, where technically crypto-fiat exchange is possible, though it is not easy.
See 
and 
Finally, I don't know if Mycelium LT works in your location, maybe/maybe not, but if so, here is this:
@_date: 2017-03-22 04:08:23
Thank you, I've been looking forward.
@_date: 2016-03-10 04:47:55
But they can still report you, and say they will explicitly in their terms.  It's a valid point.  Better off using bitsquare.io or exchanged.i2p (for example) instead.
@_date: 2017-03-22 05:42:47
Ohhh my
It gets even more salacious
@_date: 2019-03-23 21:04:19
Thanks for this article. While it is true that Rhode Island is making some attempt to learn from Wyoming, most of Rhode Island virtual currency bills for 2019 are utterly dismal, thoughtless, and are dinosaur-level attempted state interventions. The ULC Model Virtual Currency bill has been introduced in Rhode Island, California, Oklahoma, Hawaii, and Nevada. It is a classic example of "autistic intervention" within Rothbard's discussion of categories of state interventions.
We defeated it already three times in California, twice in Alaska, twice in Hawaii, and once in every other state it was introduced. We sure can defeat it in Rhode Island, too.
Tell your legislators in Rhode Island to oppose the ULC model Virtual Currency bill (the Bitlicense). It has been rejected in every state they tried to get it approved in during past legislative sessions. It is unnecessary and deeply flawed. Say no to bitlicense!
@_date: 2017-03-22 04:02:14
Wow.  I wasn't sure that BU could fail any harder.  I was wrong
@_date: 2017-03-09 03:20:36
Looks like a lot of work, thank you!
Quick question, regarding a fee part:
Please describe (TL;DR, plain English for dummies) what these changes do to the fee(s) and how it's different from the last version released:
*incremental relay fee used for calculating BIP 125 replacement and mempool limiting. (1000 satoshis/kB)*
*calculation of threshold for a dust output. (effectively 3 * 1000 satoshis/kB)*
*The `-minrelaytxfee` option continues to exist*
*minimum fee rate of a package of transactions to be included in a block created by the mining code. If miners wish to set this minimum they can use the new `-blockmintxfee` option.  (defaults to 1000 satoshis/kB)*
Does this remove dynamic fee determination too the extent it now exists?  It seems as though it does, but I'm not sure.  I thought that the developers' [intent was to promote and develop dynamic fee determination](
If I understand properly, [the concept of free / "priority" transactions is deprecated in 0.14.0, with vestigial functionality remaining still in this release (can be optionally enabled)]( - (correct me if I'm wrong?) but that's not all that's happening here.  
IMHO, I think the option (free / "priority") should be left in, and on background, I'm kind of hopeful SegWit "happens" (informal way to refer to it, but whatever), and I'm also looking forward to eventual mainstream use of Lightning and ktorn's [Subsatoshi](
Subsatoshi (as referred to above) aims to be the reference open-source implementation of the [Value Distribution Protocol]( an idea which originally came from [issue discussion on ABIS]( In a nutshell, it enables the distribution of value across a large number of related stakeholders, powered by very small off-chain cryptocurrency transactions (microtransactions) (which can eventually make their way on-chain).
Finally, from [this older discussion]( the question I think that still stands, is how will Core developers move forward in the near to medium term to enhance the ability of people in the developing world to access and use bitcoin?  
Thanks in advance for answering these questions and thanks for your work on Core development.
*edit:  Why is this comment being downvoted to zero?  The questions I have asked merit an answer.*
@_date: 2016-03-05 19:55:01
Shucks, you're welcome.  (Note:  tl;dr for Grand'ma Millie, just use Electrum and yell for the kids when need help.)
@_date: 2017-03-07 09:19:42


@_date: 2019-03-02 18:15:55
the above comment is a summary of some past bitlicense attempts in other states. A pretty awful bill was passed in  North Carolina (see above), but the ULC-format, Coin Center-backed "model bitlicense" proposals have so far failed to pass in _every state_ they have been introduced in. Despite that development, Coin Center is still pushing (and based on some research, helped develop) the bitlicense proposals that the ULC (front organization for the banks) is running as various bitlicense proposals in 2019 in California, Nevada, Oklahoma, and Hawaii.
I have some interview with LTB scheduled on Monday where I will discuss this more in depth as well as discussing major donors to the legislators who introduced these bills and industry "participants" such as Facebook and Coinbase - and now Robinhood - who are pushing for failed bitlicense to be approved.
Will post more this weekend on how to contact various states' Committees and more to come on Monday once the LTB interview is done.
@_date: 2017-03-20 00:23:07
Well, bitcoin itself is secure, but depending on how your device is configured and what your setup is, your Bitcoin may not be.
For first time or infrequent readers, this is not meant to imply some vulnerability with bitcoin code. 
Rather, it just means there is such a thing as good security and bad security.  There is a good discussion on that where I've commented / weighed in [here]( and also [here](
@_date: 2017-03-08 02:07:06


So many things, and because I don't want to restart an argument that's already been had (and many times at that), I think I will just not engage that particular question with a response.  It's not because I don't respect you, it's because I don't want to go through the rehashing.


Of course it is.


BU is a dumb idea run by developers who are nitwits.  


Which will happen eventually.
@_date: 2016-01-14 05:27:19
Please point to a link where the SPV code is mentioned in an open issue to discuss or work on more? Thanks
@_date: 2019-03-17 02:28:52
Now you are: 
Oppose this bill.
@_date: 2017-03-09 03:32:14
@_date: 2017-03-22 03:59:49
A whale among whales.
@_date: 2017-03-14 11:22:10
@_date: 2017-03-22 04:05:57
Good Lord
Well at least this clinches it.  For those who are still foolish enough to have been touching this BU stuff, this gives them more than enough reason to abandon it; and these events will ensure there will not be a successful move towards a hard fork for bitcoin.  
@_date: 2019-03-17 14:54:43
They will just keep the bill alive for the duration of this legislative session in Texas. Then some self-righteous nutjob politician - could be Democrat or Republican in this case - will try to get it up for a Committee vote or even floor vote when you are not looking.
That is exactly what happened with California's second and third attempts to pass bitlicense in 2017-2018. It was then called AB 1123 (2017-2018), also was supported by the ULC and the Conference of State Bank Supervisors. AB 1123 was defeated when introduced, but then-Assemblymember Dababneh brought it back and tried to sneak it through again - same bill number - when nobody was looking. He had help from Calderon (the legislator who is shepherding/promoting bitlicense in 2019 - AB 1489 (2019-2020)) and the banks. He failed though because we caught them trying to do it again. That was their third try, but they failed to pass bitlicense as AB 1326 (2015-2016) and they failed to get it passed as AB 1123 (2017-2018). For a total of three failed bitlicense attempts in CA. This (AB 1489 (2019-2020)) is round 4. Not sure anymore who is more autistic, me for tracking this stupid shit for years, or these dumbass legislators for reintroducing it year after year after year because their puny minds only allow them to think like a dinosaur.
But I do know this newly attempted legislation is basically horrid shite, and I am firing up the hate machine against it again on all cylinders until AB 1489 (2019-2020) bitlicense attempt in CA, and the equivalent language ULC bitlicense bills in every state we currently find them introduced in (CA, OK, NV, HI, RI..) are dead and gone.
But that is not enough. We realized that Assemblymember Dababneh would introduce bitlicense again and again and again because he was only interested in taking money from banks to promote it. So we dug up dirt on him and reported it and let chips fall where they may. The Legislature held hearings on his abusive behavior due to assault / sexual abuse allegations. Look up Dababneh as a keyword if you want to throw up on your screen.
Dababneh was forced to resign.
Next up: Calderon. Dirt on this guy will be coming soon. From public sources, that anyone can look up on their own.
Follow the money. In politics, so long as the bankers pay the politicians with donations and "memberships," the banks can buy politicians.
So yes. We will tell the story of Calderon and let the Legislature decide what they wish to do with him. It is their decision.
But that is not enough.
Our communities must collaborate to draft our own bill. One focused on security standards for exchanges and which imposes no new permit, no new surveillance system. Then we shall use OUR bill to make the case that Coin Center's / ULC's bitlicense bills shall be deemed irrevelant.
Win again. Defeat bitlicense. Again. Pass our own bill. Win again.
Bitlicense will perish in the flame of the fire of the Mountain from whence it came. Just like the One Ring.
@_date: 2016-01-31 03:54:29
yeah screw them.  they are quickly becoming unnecessary.  crypto on
@_date: 2019-03-11 15:10:14
@_date: 2019-03-17 04:35:46
Nice work. Wyoming is doing it right from what I can tell. Wasn't always friendly there but is now.
@_date: 2019-03-17 21:51:26
Weapons grade. Thank you for the compliment.
@_date: 2016-01-14 08:15:31
Am curious if there is already an open issue / pull request for the SPV code in Core to which you referred? If so please drop link here, but if not, I get it, I would need to do it and open an issue...
@_date: 2019-03-17 02:38:08
You summed it up perfectly as to why we should defeat these bills (again).
*Side note / longer summary with links:*
ULC (Uniform Law Commission) is pushing bitlicense again with the help of Coin Center and others. The larger community has defeated their bilicense efforts before - three times in California since 2015, two times in Alaska, two times before in Hawaii, and the community has defeated ULC bitlicense once in *every other* state it has been introduced in since 2015.
Bitlicense has NEVER been made law in ANY U.S. state - not even in NY where it was passed by regulatory action.
Here we are ready to defeat it a fourth time in California!
I suggested on The Crypto Show today that the community create OUR OWN bill, different than the below ones, that would create a security standard for exchanges - NOT another permit requirement. I feel that all of the below bills are NOT recoverable and that we need to DEFEAT them (again), not try to amend them.
Below are 2019 proposed bitlicense garbage bills. OPPOSE them all.
AB1489 (CA Bitlicense) - OPPOSE:  
Versions in other states:
Nevada's SB195 - OPPOSE: 
Oklahoma's HB1954 - OPPOSE: 
Hawaii's SB250 - OPPOSE: 
Hawaii's HB70 - OPPOSE: 
California's AB953 (Stablecoins/Cannabis) - OPPOSE:   
Rhode Island has also just introduced language supported by the Uniform Law Commission and the Conference of State Banking Supervisors about virtual currency law - a proposed Rhode Island bitlicense and other bills. OPPOSE. Details in this post.
Original Reddit Thread on these: 
Here is who is shilling for bitlicense and who is making political contributions to the legislators who introduced these crap bills:
Uniform Law Commission
Various Banks 
Facebook (follow the money - note they are contributing political money to legislators who are pushing AB 1489, AB 953, and other similarly crummy bills in California)
Ghost Management
See funders of Ian Calderon, a legislator who peddles bitlicense in California:
Remind him he is headed for the same political fate as Dababneh, the prior CA bitlicense proponent, who was unceremoniously kicked out of the Legislature.
@_date: 2019-03-06 04:39:27
Hello - if you would like, please email this or something like the below message to ccc[at]calchamber.com - CalChamber.
Many local Chambers of Commerce follow the recommendations of CalChamber and oppose bills that CalChamber designates as Job-Killers.
The email to send to is: ccc[at]calchamber.com
(Simply replace [at] with @ before sending)
 Dear CalChamber, please forward this message to your executive team and Board. 
 I would like CalChamber to evaluate a bill that if passed would have a negative effect on exchange business in California. The bill, AB 1489 (2019) is a California bill, but the same language of that bill is unfortunately currently also introduced in 2019 in Nevada, Hawaii, and Oklahoma by market participants who do not understand the exchange industry, making the bill more problematic than if it were confined to one state. It would establish a burdensome licensing and client surveillance regime and requirement that currently exists only in New York, where the vast majority of crypto-fiat exchanges left after bitlicense became a requirement. As a consequence of that bitlicense in NY, numerous exchanges had to stop serving NY clients in 2015 (because most exchanges refused to obtain a NY bitlicense, they determined that the benefits of serving that state were outweighed by the costs of NY regulation - it was too costly, a job killer). Thus NY lost billions of dollars in revenue from exchanges which it could have had - if it had not adopted bitlicense. Essentially the same text that is now active regulation in NY is being proposed as AB 1489 (2019) in California.
Bill language - same as what we defeated several times before in past years - is here: 
The bill above which I am seeking a CalChamber position on (AB 1489 (2019)) has been defeated in its prior incarnations three times: With the assistance of the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the Bitcoin Foundation, we defeated it once as AB 1326 (2015-2016) and defeated it twice as AB 1123 (2017-2018); it was introduced twice in 2017-2018, so thus far we have defeated this bill language three times in California alone  The legislator who was responsible for introducing these bills in 2015-2016 and 2017-2018, Assemblymember Dababneh, has resigned from the California Legislature in disgrace, but a new group of legislators unfortunately are now reintroducing the failed proposals again. We are now preparing to defeat the bitlicense proposal in California a fourth time. In some sports, it is three-strikes and you are out. Not with bitlicense - it keeps coming back. So we need your help to stop it again.  It is AB 1489 (2019).
AB 1489 is a job killer - It is requested you designate it as such on the CalChamber page.
We also suggest you oppose the bitlicense bills recently introduced in Oklahoma, Hawaii (where it has also been defeated in a prior legislative session), and Nevada (where bitlicense also has been defeated before. (The language was also introduced in Alaska where it was twice defeated, fortunately.) The language currently being proposed in Oklahoma, Hawaii, and Nevada mirrors California's job-killing AB 1489 (2019-2020) as recently introduced.
As you can see, not just Californians, but people all over the USA, have been successfully fighting and defeating bitlicense bills.
This is hard to get attention on since there are currently over 2,500 bills introduced in the California legislature alone.
I look forward to your reply and to your opposition to AB 1489 (2019-2020).
@_date: 2019-03-29 03:14:19
Apart from that suggested earlier in comments, yes, see: 
1) you can contact calchamber from anywhere in the world to ask them to designate AB 1489 (2019) as a job killer bill: 
2) you can contact the governors of CA, OK, HI, NV, and RI from.anywhere in the world to ask them to oppose bitlicense (ask them to veto the ULC bitlicense bill if it arrives at their desk) 
AB1489 (CA Bitlicense, introduced in CA legislature):  
Governor of CA: 
Versions introduced in other states (note that bitlicense has not been passed into law in any state it was introduced as a bill since 2015 - I think there have been ten states they tried to get it passed in, this is the fourth time they've tried in California, they also failed twice in Alaska, have failed twice in Hawaii, have failed once in several other states - the below are all their 2019 attempts):
Nevada's SB195: 
Oklahoma's proposed bitlicense, HB1954: 
Hawaii's proposed bitlicense as SB250 
Hawaii's proposed bitlicense as HB70 
Hawaii Governor:
California's AB953 (Stablecoins/Cannabis) - Oppose this also. 
Governor; 
The Rhode Island proposed bitlicense from the ULC is found here:
Governor of Rhode Island:
3) If bitlicense passes in your state, incorporate in a non-bitlicensed state and get a corporate account on a non-bitlicensed exchange. There are a number of non-bitlicensed exchanges. They can't serve individuals in bitlicensed states but they can serve your corporation if it is incorporated in a non-bitlicensed state like Wyoming (even if you own a Wyoming or Delaware corp as a NY resident).
4) contact your chambers of commerce and ask them to reject ULC bitlicense proposals.
5) contact the exchanges you use and urge them to oppose the ULC bitlicense proposals in CA, OK, RI, NV, and HI.
6) thank youuuuu
@_date: 2019-03-03 08:38:20
These are more good reasons why we should continue to defeat bitlicense in California, Oklahoma, Nevada, Hawaii and other places they've proposed bitlicense in 2019. 
@_date: 2019-03-27 18:54:34
Yw. Will drop link soon.
@_date: 2019-03-04 17:55:20
Note to - LTB interview was done today. After interviewing some others for the LTB show about the bills, Adam will be releasing the LTB interviews on probably this Sat or Sun. When link to show is available, I will update story links in above comment.
@_date: 2017-03-07 09:01:16
Screw Roger Ver and screw Antpool.  Word to the wise, stay away from them.  BU is not a sound venture.
@_date: 2019-03-17 15:04:53
Coinbase does not oppose bitlicense. Stop deluding yourself. They got a bitlicense.
Gemini, you are right. But you are wrong about Kraken. Kraken always resisted bitlicense. You are aware they decided not to serve NY individuals because of that, right? Not all exchanges will oppose it. Some are trying to work with Coin Center. Can't blame them for trying. But please don't attack exchanges, (unless maybe Coinbase... they are fair game...) just ask exchanges to publicly oppose AB 1489 (2019-2020) and to oppose bitlicense attempts in other states (OK, NV, HI, RI..) too.
Be firm but respectful.
Also, Theo, please stop using Coinbase. It is not right that you are fighting bitlicense in NY but you are using a Coinbase managed address for donations to your legal expenses. Ask the Foundation to use Mycelium Gear or Blockonomics to route donations to an address that is NOT COINBASE MANAGED. 
Come on, Theo. Please.
@_date: 2019-03-17 18:50:12
I have seen these too. Interesting adoption note. Avoid those machines if you can, due to their too high fees and sketchy bitlicensing that some of them (BATM companies) have caved on and applied for. Not good.
Find an exchange that refuses to get bitlicensed and use that exchange. If you prefer a decentralized exchange and know how to use it, then Bisq. Otherwise just use any exchange that explicitly refuses to get bitlicense.
@_date: 2019-03-17 17:47:20
TRUE STORY.
@_date: 2019-03-06 04:46:08
Hello - if you want to, please email this or something like the below message to ccc[at]calchamber.com - CalChamber.
Many local Chambers of Commerce follow the recommendations of CalChamber and oppose bills that CalChamber designates as Job-Killers.
The email to send to is: ccc[at]calchamber.com
(Simply replace [at] with @ before sending, change below text as you consider necessary.)
 Dear CalChamber, please forward this message to your executive team and Board. 
 I would like CalChamber to evaluate a bill that if passed would have a negative effect on exchange business in California. The bill, AB 1489 (2019) is a California bill, but the same language of that bill is unfortunately currently also introduced in 2019 in Nevada, Hawaii, and Oklahoma by market participants who do not understand the exchange industry, making the bill more problematic than if it were confined to one state. It would establish a burdensome licensing and client surveillance regime and requirement that currently exists only in New York, where the vast majority of crypto-fiat exchanges left after bitlicense became a requirement. As a consequence of that bitlicense in NY, numerous exchanges had to stop serving NY clients in 2015 (because most exchanges refused to obtain a NY bitlicense, they determined that the benefits of serving that state were outweighed by the costs of NY regulation - it was too costly, a job killer). Thus NY lost billions of dollars in revenue from exchanges which it could have had - if it had not adopted bitlicense. Essentially the same text that is now active regulation in NY is being proposed as AB 1489 (2019) in California.
Bill language - same as what we defeated several times before in past years - is here: 
The bill above which I am seeking a CalChamber position on (AB 1489 (2019)) has been defeated in its prior incarnations three times: With the assistance of the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the Bitcoin Foundation, we defeated it once as AB 1326 (2015-2016) and defeated it twice as AB 1123 (2017-2018); it was introduced twice in 2017-2018, so thus far we have defeated this bill language three times in California alone  The legislator who was responsible for introducing these bills in 2015-2016 and 2017-2018, Assemblymember Dababneh, has resigned from the California Legislature in disgrace, but a new group of legislators unfortunately are now reintroducing the failed proposals again. We are now preparing to defeat the bitlicense proposal in California a fourth time. In some sports, it is three-strikes and you are out. Not with bitlicense - it keeps coming back. So we need your help to stop it again.  It is AB 1489 (2019).
AB 1489 is a job killer - It is requested you designate it as such on the CalChamber page.
We also suggest you oppose the bitlicense bills recently introduced in Oklahoma, Hawaii (where it has also been defeated in a prior legislative session), and Nevada (where bitlicense also has been defeated before. (The language was also introduced in Alaska where it was twice defeated, fortunately.) The language currently being proposed in Oklahoma, Hawaii, and Nevada mirrors California's job-killing AB 1489 (2019-2020) as recently introduced.
As you can see, not just Californians, but people all over the USA, have been successfully fighting and defeating bitlicense bills.
This is hard to get attention on since there are currently over 2,500 bills introduced in the California legislature alone.
I look forward to your reply and to your opposition to AB 1489 (2019-2020).
Thank you.
@_date: 2019-03-26 05:10:35
My Statement on ULC reportedly "pulling back" from brink of bitlicense and ULC "soliciting input" from the community:
Why did they not try this over the past several years? We have been fighting the ULC bitlicense proposals since 2015.
(Note: the ULC has not retreated from their position in which they are still promoting bitlicense proposals - again - in multiple states. However, for a day or two in late March 2019, the ULC pretended to retreat from their antiquated and flawed position - only to resume their ridiculous pro-bitlicense behavior a day later while the ULC attempted to sabotage Wyoming's legal approach.)
Notes regarding Caitlin Long's tweets recently on ULC (pretending to) pull back:, I think she and Wyoming deserve credit for discovering and revealing ULC's petulant and childlike behavior. I do not claim any credit at all. I am just the canary in the coal mine. Fighting bitlicense and helping defeat it since 2015. So far we have defeated it in *every state it has been introduced in,* every year. Good news, yes.
Yes, ULC getting input from us is preferable to their garbage.
*But be careful.*
They (ULC) will just say they got our input then do whatever they like. Any concessions on permit requirements and reserve requirements they make can, and will, be stripped away later - changed later on to benefit banks.
ULC is outmoded, outdated, and dead. We have beat them in every state since 2015. Three times in California. Twice before in Alaska. Twice before in Hawaii... Once in every other state they tried to get this passed in. We have defeated the ULC bitlicense everywhere. Now they made (as of today) a "request for input," which I interpret as a ruse.
So why should we allow the ULC to take the lead on legislation at all? Our own community can create basic security standards for the legislative arena. We don't need those in the ULC who really only want to force us into permit after permit until we can no longer function (which is what they have in fact been trying to do since 2015). The Conference of State Banking Supervisors wants bitlicense in all 50 states. So does Peter, of Coin Center. They aren't changing their tone. My take on it? The ULC, CSBS (Conference of State Banking Supervisors), and Coin Center need to beat a hasty retreat from this community. Just Say No to bitlicense and its proponents.
In my experience, bitlicensers - pro-bitlicense legislators - don't go away. They come back.
Take California's experience with proposed bitlicenses almost exactly like AB 1489 (2019).
Once we defeated bitlicense as AB 1326 (2015-2016), they just brought it back with minor changes as AB 1123 (2017-2018). We defeated it in committees. But Dababneh brought AB 1123 back again. We then had to defeat bitlicense a THIRD time in California. He then said he would introduce it a FOURTH time. We realized he or someone like him would always be back with bitlicense proposals.
So we eventually a different tack was taken. Assemblymember Dababneh got kicked out of the Legislature. Technically he resigned following sexual assault charges. Observe Calderon, the California legislator now pushing for bitlicense in California (AB 1489 (2019-2020)). Will he stop? No, of course he won't.
Do not trust, verify. In this case, verify the total defeat of any proposed ULC bitlicense in CA, OK, NV, HI, and RI (in all those states, it was introduced this year due to ULC). It is not dead yet.
The ULC should have no role in developing laws for our community. It can try. However the ULC serves as a shield for banks that use the ULC to circumvent political campaign finance disclosure laws. The banks' payments to ULC to pass bitlicense legislation are in the form of memberships and donations from banks. That money they paid to the ULC to push restrictive regulation will never be disclosed. The money banks donate to Coin Center is similarly shielded due to nonprofit corps being used to funnel and hide funds.
In the long hard slog against bitlicense since 2015, as it gets introduced in state after state, I have learned *one must play hardball to win.* Bitlicensers enjoy detecting when we make concessions to their position, and when they perceive that you are willing to work with them they will exploit that as a weakness on our part.
Thanks for reading.
@_date: 2019-03-05 17:27:45
Here is some additional context for you:
My statements are factual. Bitlicense as existing in NY and as proposed in other states in 2019 is harmful to _individuals and businesses_ and will negatively affect them, not only via prohibitions, "permissions," and "exemptions" but also via other more insidious ways: finsurv (financial surveillance), "sharing" of client data, deboarding / ineligibility for fiat funding while still being admitted to a crypto exchange, and worse.
@_date: 2019-03-02 01:58:55
Ok, while I would hope you will contact the legislators, at least the Committee members to help stop these bills, I understand not everyone will want to do that. 
How about you contact the exchanges you use and ask them for what their public position is on bitlicense proposals now being pushed in California, Oklahoma, Nevada and Hawaii? 
Ask them to go on the record with their views on the proposed bills. Contact EFF too,  ask them to oppose these bitlicense bills since they helped us defeat the proposals in prior years.
Let me know when you have done that as it would be greatly appreciated.
Nice vroom website by the way. Cheers.
@_date: 2019-03-05 14:52:04
Nice summation. Thank you.
@_date: 2016-01-15 21:25:50
I thought Wagepoint's was pretty simple (for the individual) as it allows the individual (employee) to put in an address or addresses easily.  My concerns with any of these services (Bitwage/Bitpay/Wagepoint/Coinsimple), though, no matter how well they are designed, is that they are services.  Even in the case of Coinsimple, which technically isn't holding / controlling the user's funds, you have to sign up with them to use Coinsimple and you leave information (user information, password, and other related information) on file with them by way of using said service that can be extrapolated over the wire or that can be requested directly from the third party service provider due to warrantless financial surveillance [that was authorized as part of the USA/EEUU cromnibus around one year ago](  It is true that in some areas, like California, we have recently had success at having [state legislation passed to stop warrantless surveillance](  However, there are always malicious entities (be they individuals, corporations or corporation-states) that operate with blatant disregard for any legal process and so really we have to do the best we can to use technology for financial privacy and anonymity, and not expect that law will do the trick.  Having your information be something that is actually proposed to be only communicated beween you and the party that you need to transact with (no middleman) is a big part of what (decentralized) virtual currency use is about.  Technically speaking, for individuals, the choice is always there as to whether or not they wish to consent to practices of taxation, capital gains, etc., but until relatively recently, the notion of this "choice" has been very difficult to exercise.  It is, arguably, becoming more realistic now.  In fact I do think it is correct to say that [the unregulated SystemD is already the global superpower]( which will soon be 2/3rds of the world economy, and will not need to wait until 2020 to become so.
@_date: 2019-03-06 04:57:05
Hello and - if you would like there is another method of opposition not previously described. You can email this below message, or something like the below message to ccc[at]calchamber.com - CalChamber.
Many local Chambers of Commerce follow the recommendations of CalChamber and oppose bills that CalChamber designates as Job-Killers. Of course please also contact exchanges and ask them to oppose AB 1489 (California) and the clones of that bill in Nevada, Hawaii, and Oklahoma Legislatures.
The email to send to is: ccc[at]calchamber.com
(Simply replace [at] with @ before sending, change below text as you consider necessary.)
 Dear CalChamber, please forward this message to your executive team and Board. 
 I would like CalChamber to evaluate a bill that if passed would have a negative effect on exchange business in California. The bill, AB 1489 (2019) is a California bill, but the same language of that bill is unfortunately currently also introduced in 2019 in Nevada, Hawaii, and Oklahoma by market participants who do not understand the exchange industry, making the bill more problematic than if it were confined to one state. It would establish a burdensome licensing and client surveillance regime and requirement that currently exists only in New York, where the vast majority of crypto-fiat exchanges left after bitlicense became a requirement. As a consequence of that bitlicense in NY, numerous exchanges had to stop serving NY clients in 2015 (because most exchanges refused to obtain a NY bitlicense, they determined that the benefits of serving that state were outweighed by the costs of NY regulation - it was too costly, a job killer). Thus NY lost billions of dollars in revenue from exchanges which it could have had - if it had not adopted bitlicense. Essentially the same text that is now active regulation in NY is being proposed as AB 1489 (2019) in California.
Bill language - same as what we defeated several times before in past years - is here: 
The bill above which I am seeking a CalChamber position on (AB 1489 (2019)) has been defeated in its prior incarnations three times: With the assistance of the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the Bitcoin Foundation, we defeated it once as AB 1326 (2015-2016) and defeated it twice as AB 1123 (2017-2018); it was introduced twice in 2017-2018, so thus far we have defeated this bill language three times in California alone  The legislator who was responsible for introducing these bills in 2015-2016 and 2017-2018, Assemblymember Dababneh, has resigned from the California Legislature in disgrace, but a new group of legislators unfortunately are now reintroducing the failed proposals again, at the request of the ULC. We are now preparing to defeat the bitlicense proposal in California a fourth time. In some sports, it is three-strikes and you are out. Not with bitlicense - it keeps coming back. So we need your help to stop it again.  It is AB 1489 (2019). ULC and the bitlicense proponents don't understand the industry and should not be recommending AB 1489.
AB 1489 is a job killer - It is requested you designate it as such on the CalChamber page.
We also suggest you oppose the bitlicense bills recently introduced in Oklahoma, Hawaii (where it has also been defeated in a prior legislative session), and Nevada (where bitlicense also has been defeated before. (The language was also introduced in Alaska where it was twice defeated, fortunately.) The language currently being proposed in Oklahoma, Hawaii, and Nevada mirrors California's job-killing AB 1489 (2019-2020) as recently introduced.
As you can see, not just Californians, but people all over the USA, have been successfully fighting and defeating bitlicense bills.
This is hard to get attention on since there are currently over 2,500 bills introduced in the California legislature alone.
I look forward to your reply and to your opposition to AB 1489 (2019-2020).
Thank you.
@_date: 2019-03-10 17:12:10
Nice typo on my part. Should have said 2019, not 2109. Otherwise good.
@_date: 2019-03-20 17:35:11
You might want to oppose it elsewhere too since a "model bitlicense bill" has been intoduced (again...) in CA, OK, NV, HI and now, RI as well.
Click here and scroll down for info:
I have fought bitlicense since 2015 and I haven't asked for donations to that effort. Ever. 
More people are needed to fight this.
@_date: 2019-03-22 15:47:04
This lawsuit is without merit. It will probably end in settlement. Ayres and Wright are clearly scam artists, apart from being sore losers, FFS.
It is worth noting that Ayres' character has, to put it politely, much to be desired. His version of insanity is a cancer on the community.
@_date: 2017-03-30 22:02:53
Well, I think now you are kind of sounding personal (not at me, but kind of as though you have some issue with him).  I've communicated with him periodically before and I don't have any issue with him.  He's an interesting guy.  Most people would never be ready for anything like front lines / combat with ISIS anyway, especially without being able to call in support, as generally those in Rojava etc. are not able to do that.  
I don't dispute that he made some errors of judgment, I just don't see a need to make such an issue out of it.
@_date: 2019-03-02 18:27:56
Found another bitlicense proponent (the CSBS, who tried to pass bitlicense in Alaska a couple times, but failed).
_"Vision 2020 is a series of initiatives from the Conference of State Bank Supervisors (CSBS) to modernize state regulation of non-banks, including financial technology firms. By 2020, state regulators will adopt an integrated, 50-state licensing and supervisory system, leveraging technology and smart regulatory policy to transform the interaction between industry, regulators and consumers."_
- from 
**We beat the CSBS sponsored proposal in Alaska, and we'll beat them in other states too.**
@_date: 2019-03-01 17:08:28
This comment will be sort of a placeholder for news stories. If these would be better added elsewhere or if a meta thread evolves to which they should be added please advise. 
1) Daily Hodl overview of AB 1489 (2019): 
2) Bitcoin Exchange Guide overview of AB 1489 (2019):  
3) LTB broadcast at 
4) Coindesk (placeholder for Coindesk story)
5) Cointelegraph mentions AB 953 (2019), the anti-bitcoin, pro-stablecoin-shit-show bill: 
6) California Globe covers the sheer number of bills introduced by California Leguslature in 2019 - 2,576 bills in total, up several hundred from the prior year, when "only a couple thousand" bills were introduced. As this article makes plain, the Cali Legislature is literally screaming "Get out of the State" to every business within earshot that is monitoring these bills. There is no other message one could logically extract from these developments. 
7) Fox and Hounds covers new California tax bills, including AB 147 mentioned above. They seem to report favorably on it but fail to mention the licensing requirement (new) that it would impose on any "market facilitator."  A thoroughly depressing overview of the numerous tax bills Californians are facing.  
8) This will end in tears: it is revealed that Coin Center has conspired with the ULC and "industry participants..." to reintroduce the ULC's bitlicense proposal (which has been defeated again and again and again in numerous states since 2015). Coin Center admits to supporting and crafting the bill(s) in this thread. 
Above tweet is Archived at: 
9) See also Peter Valkenburg's claim that California isn't "politically ripe" for more permissive legislation and states he "likes" the ULC bitlicense. FFS, Peter, we've defeated ULC's bitlicense bills every time they were introduced in EVERY STATE they've been introduced in since 2015.  
Archived of above tweet for posterity: 
10) Placeholder for additional story.
@_date: 2017-03-22 05:46:25
For the best, I suppose.  I mean, the deeper they (BU) dive, the more it will solidify the better position, which is that of a more "unified" (I use the term loosely) bitcoin via Core development.  I don't agree with everything the Core devs do and have clashed on occasion, but I see Core dev (outputs) as the proper direction, along with ancillary and supporting developments (Lightning, Segwit, which I see that those involved with Core will likely eventually arrive at consensus on, but just watching from afar as that plays out).
@_date: 2019-03-23 21:13:08
IN RHODE ISLAND: OPPOSE H5598 AND H5776 - TOGETHER THESE ARE THE RHODE ISLAND BITLICENSE PROPOSALS FOR 2019!
These are moving through the Rhode Island Legislature quickly and quietly!! STOP THEM BY CALLING AND WRITING ALL THE FINANCE COMMITTEE and Appropriation Committee members of both parts of Rhode Island Legislature NOW before it is too late!
Same basic language in RI as what they introduced in Nevada where businesses recently came out in opposition to the ULC nocoiner bitlicense bill:
@_date: 2019-03-17 17:32:17
Do you honestly believe there is a difference between the Foundation using a bitlicensed entity for their custodied coin and you benefiting from donations received via that address? If you do, you are indeed delusional.
STOP USING COINBASE - a bitlicensed entity!
Do what I asked you to before in the Monero subreddit discussion the other day. TALK TO THE BITCOIN FOUNDATION AND DEMAND THEY STOP USING COINBASE ADDRESSES FOR YOUR DONATION EFFORT. AT THE VERY LEAST DEMAND THE FOUNDATION GET THE 501C3 ADDRESS SET UP TO RECEIVE VIA EITHER MYCELIUM GEAR, BLOCKONOMICS OR COINPAYMENTS. THEN YOU WILL BE HAVING THE 501C3 STILL RECEIVE BUT NOT THROUGH COINBASE MANAGED ADDRESSES.
And since the Foundation's 501c3 which I assume is the recipient of the donations for the court case against bitlicense, is a corporation - a nonprofit corp - then of course the Foundation could create a corporate account on a NON-BITLICENSED exchange! If the Foundation desires to, that is.
You are wasting my time and everyone else's. I don't like repeating myself to you. I will not be donating to you Theo so long as you and the Foundation are using Coinbase managed addresses to receive donations to your legal fund FFS. Now stop trolling my thread!
@_date: 2019-11-28 13:43:55
This is neat. Thanks a lot!
@_date: 2017-03-04 09:40:47
Thank you Theo for this update!  I will soon be making a post about this on reddit and on the Bitcoin Foundation diaspora / twitter.  There are also a few outlets that interview me off and on and have asked me to write for them, on bitcoin related things, so I'll include this information in one of my next writings.
@_date: 2017-03-09 03:23:47
Do not go with BU, do not follow Ver, do not go with Antpool, etc.  It can be anguish sometimes to see things that happen or don't happen with Core but it is ultimately way better than BU.  No need for me to rehash these argument pro-con here, it's been done ad nauseam!
@_date: 2016-01-22 21:22:07
Why has this not gotten more attention?  This is probably the single most important thing people should be reading in r/Bitcoin right now.
@_date: 2019-11-08 01:23:26


There it is right now. Here is the question; what is keeping 18 percent of the world's population, in the case of India, from being more actively engaged in crypto? What's stopping crypto demand from just exploding there beyond its current demand? I have some ideas but want to hear yours.
@_date: 2019-11-08 01:19:33


One could simply automate machinery and develop distributed ownership schemes for the same - revenue from the work then goes to those co-owners of the machines. Indeed, it has already been done in techno-coop pilot(s) described in r/vyrdism. 
No taxation in this societal scenario, no UBI (mandatory or other). Nothing of the sort. 
One could do this (vyrdist techno-coops / robot fleets co-owned across society bit) regardless of entity status (individual, nonprofit, for-profit corporation, government, etc), though it would likely be easiest for non-profits and for-profit corporations.
@_date: 2019-03-04 20:09:31
Will do, thx!
@_date: 2019-11-08 10:07:32


Again, based on the pace of movement of technology, Moore's law (slowing in its trajectory, such that most major improvements to tech projected under typical interpretation of Moore's law will occur in under 10 years, not 20 or over), population growth, and current changes in markets - realistically the breakout events that lead to something of a new "hyper" ization, or bitcoin taking on a new reserve currency status - and/or various cryptos doing that together (bitcoin, some stablecoins, other high cap coins) - really mean that you will see substantial and "hyper" bitcoin adoption in under 5 years from now; the usability and cultural / language barrier (not to mention fee questions - though I think these will be resolved by lightning developments as one example, and on the other hand by some efforts from Liquid potentially).


This statement I simply must just disagree with you on as it makes zero sense. (We may agree on some other things, but your suggestion that broad bitcoin adoption or hyperbitcoinization via India and/or globally would take 20 years, is simply not rational.)
Is it possible that some countries will lag behind for a very long time (because the governments of some countries are actively suppressing their own residents from being able to access bitcoin via exchanges)? Yes, but unless those governments have a presence in space then they will never have a say over what goes on up there, and since the Moon Treaty never became binding, nations like India, for example, cannot enforce their laws extraterritorially upon the lunar surface. Thus there is nothing they can do when one day a signal is beamed down providing service to the entire planet, such as Blockstream satellite, in one example, or more to the point, if a lunar or near-lunar node were to host exchange software and broadcast back to Earth.
Note:  the Moon Treaty is described here below; it has been signed but never ratified so is not binding on anyone. 
@_date: 2019-03-17 02:47:09
Correct. But they can always sneak it back for vote when you are not looking anytime this year. So watch it and track it. Ditto for the other bitlicense bills in other states. Keep opposing them til they are deader than a doornail.
@_date: 2019-11-08 19:25:17
I think we can agree to disagree on your points you have made in your last comment then.  Thanks for the discussion of this however.
@_date: 2019-11-10 21:58:48
And Telegram.  Don't get me started.
@_date: 2019-11-28 11:26:35
To answer your China question, there was a bounty on this issue in Bisq, it is now closed since there is a solution that was developed (support of pluggable transports, etc.), but I think of course it is always helpful to assess further possible near or long term censorship problems and develop to prevent / avoid them. 
@_date: 2019-03-06 04:50:02
Hello - if you wish, please email this or something like the below message to ccc[at]calchamber.com - CalChamber.
It will help, since most local Chambers of Commerce follow the recommendations of CalChamber and oppose bills that CalChamber designates as Job-Killers.
The email to send to is: ccc[at]calchamber.com
(Simply replace [at] with @ before sending, change below text as you consider necessary.)
 Dear CalChamber, please forward this message to your executive team and Board. 
 I would like CalChamber to evaluate a bill that if passed would have a negative effect on exchange business in California. The bill, AB 1489 (2019) is a California bill, but the same language of that bill is unfortunately currently also introduced in 2019 in Nevada, Hawaii, and Oklahoma by market participants who do not understand the exchange industry, making the bill more problematic than if it were confined to one state. It would establish a burdensome licensing and client surveillance regime and requirement that currently exists only in New York, where the vast majority of crypto-fiat exchanges left after bitlicense became a requirement. As a consequence of that bitlicense in NY, numerous exchanges had to stop serving NY clients in 2015 (because most exchanges refused to obtain a NY bitlicense, they determined that the benefits of serving that state were outweighed by the costs of NY regulation - it was too costly, a job killer). Thus NY lost billions of dollars in revenue from exchanges which it could have had - if it had not adopted bitlicense. Essentially the same text that is now active regulation in NY is being proposed as AB 1489 (2019) in California.
Bill language - same as what we defeated several times before in past years - is here: 
The bill above which I am seeking a CalChamber position on (AB 1489 (2019)) has been defeated in its prior incarnations three times: With the assistance of the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the Bitcoin Foundation, we defeated it once as AB 1326 (2015-2016) and defeated it twice as AB 1123 (2017-2018); it was introduced twice in 2017-2018, so thus far we have defeated this bill language three times in California alone  The legislator who was responsible for introducing these bills in 2015-2016 and 2017-2018, Assemblymember Dababneh, has resigned from the California Legislature in disgrace, but a new group of legislators unfortunately are now reintroducing the failed proposals again. We are now preparing to defeat the bitlicense proposal in California a fourth time. In some sports, it is three-strikes and you are out. Not with bitlicense - it keeps coming back. So we need your help to stop it again.  It is AB 1489 (2019).
AB 1489 is a job killer - It is requested you designate it as such on the CalChamber page.
We also suggest you oppose the bitlicense bills recently introduced in Oklahoma, Hawaii (where it has also been defeated in a prior legislative session), and Nevada (where bitlicense also has been defeated before. (The language was also introduced in Alaska where it was twice defeated, fortunately.) The language currently being proposed in Oklahoma, Hawaii, and Nevada mirrors California's job-killing AB 1489 (2019-2020) as recently introduced.
As you can see, not just Californians, but people all over the USA, have been successfully fighting and defeating bitlicense bills.
This is hard to get attention on since there are currently over 2,500 bills introduced in the California legislature alone.
I look forward to your reply and to your opposition to AB 1489 (2019-2020).
Thank you.
@_date: 2017-03-09 06:13:03
I've heard [BitKey]( is good also.  Not sure because I haven't used it.  Thoughts?
Also:  Doesn't Armory have pretty good offline capabilities - even to the extent of [being able to do offline broadcasts via radio](
Armory's [intro to offline wallets is here](
Of course, to do this, and be more serious / secure about it, I'd definitely recommend making sure you are not running a shitty operating system.  For example you might want to install Debian [with steps as described here]( or [Qubes]( if you can manage it, [which allows you to deploy different Linux variants as described here](  Folks, if you are using any version of Windows with bitcoin, you have no security.  If you are using Mac OS / iOS whatever, your security probably isn't as good as you think it is (Apple's [recent claims]( that they are immune from hacking are just that, claims.)   Switch to Debian or Qubes.
No sense in doing all this if you also just start doing stupid stuff like using Coinbase, BitPay, etc.  If you go through all the trouble of setting up securely and then you start using web services that track you, report you to the IRS, and deny you access to funds, I mean, what the hell are you doing here?
Decentralized marketplace OpenBazaar [is going into 2.0 soon and will have Tor enabled]( due to collaboration with IPFS.
Check out [Rein]( for decentralized freelancing for bitcoin.  
[Bitsquare]( as an example of a decentralized currency exchange, or [Mycelium LT](
Need a payment processor?  Don't rely on web services, [roll your own, dammit](
@_date: 2019-03-18 00:43:15
Fine. But I can't donate to you for the reaaons mentioned. Get that straightened out and I will happily send you donation in crypto. It is on hold because, principles.
@_date: 2019-11-28 13:50:24
Thanks for posting, I am trying to understand what India's stance is on bitcoin but as with the  case, seems it is still in flux.
@_date: 2019-11-08 06:21:43
Except it won't be a generation, mainly because of Moore's Law and the rate of population growth.
Moore's Law:  
Projections of Population Growth: 
@_date: 2019-03-05 17:16:56
Agreed. And as to the false narrative and marketing tactic of "don't worry folks we have carved out an exemption for you" - nope, not buying it.
Even someone with the neuronal capacity of a worm can easily see that not even individuals will be able to be served by an exchange that doesn't get a bitlicense, if a bitlicense ends up being required in some state where it is now proposed (in 2019, as mentioned, the banksters, ULC, Coin Center, Facebook, Coinbase, Ghost Management, and other shady characters are trying to get California, Nevada, Hawaii, and Oklahoma - and some others - to adopt a state-level bitlicense).
If these bills are approved, exchanges which refuse to bend before bitlicense will have to stop serving California, Nevada, Oklahoma, and Hawaii - in addition to the fact that they are already not serving NY, having left NY after NY adopted bitlicense by regulatory action. Say goodbye to service from the best exchanges if this shit passes.
@_date: 2019-11-08 01:26:50
@_date: 2019-11-28 20:10:14


Not of all descriptions, but if you are here concerned about Bisq, note that the above issue I cited was fixed via this merge: 
Then regarding other effects of restrictive countries that also have capital controls, blocks on use of the internet, etc., and certain kinds of unfortunate regulatory developments (bans, highly restrictive licensing systems, etc.), I am of the mind that broadcast from space bodies not bound by international treaty (e.g. Moon Treaty not yet ratified, therefore nations' laws and regulatory/licensing systems technically are not binding upon such satellites or objects which broadcast bitcoin related information from the Moon or Mars) will be advantageous for innovators - the Blockstream and Starlink satellite systems are a step towards this direction of eventually breaking information transmission systems and networks free from the confines of Earth's national regulatory structures.  
That being said I would also encourage people to look for opportunity to avoid financial censorship where you can on Planet Earth with the tech / software you develop. Right now Wyoming is the most favorable spot in the USA for crypto and has recently developed laws including ones that help protect the speech / writing of people who code and innovate, they have a very crypto-friendly system, encouraging rather than discouraging high levels of experimentation.
@_date: 2019-11-08 15:14:49


Technology limitations based on time.


No-one is talking about changing speed of life.  The population growth results in an uptick in the network effect and thus the speed at which tech adoption can occur in populations.
@_date: 2019-11-25 21:43:39
What's the latest on that court case at India's Supreme Court? Did they delay again on India's Crypto v RBI case?
Related thread: 
I think it was delayed to Nov 12 for sure, then I think it may have been delayed further to the 18th. I am not sure right now of when they would have a final decision.
@_date: 2017-03-30 08:57:45
I'm completely not surprised by this.  By the way, if any of you had lurked on the unsystem ml, you would have noticed that he definitely was on that path a long time ago.  [This is just one example](
Props to Amir.  The decision could not have come easily, I think.  He has always been very deliberate and often engages in extended debate and discussion about the implications of things he might do or become involved in further.
@_date: 2019-11-08 01:26:29
@_date: 2019-11-03 22:26:29
It reminds me of bitmessage or twister after seeing just this description here on reddit. Did that play into this in terms of wanting to have a logical p2p replacement that people can use for messaging in the thought process?
@_date: 2019-03-20 17:28:37
Theo is broke, it is true. But I am not going to donate to him, because he insists on having donations for his legal fund sent by donors to a Coinbase managed address handled by the Bitcoin Foundation. It is ludicrous that he is fighting bitlicense in court but is at the same time using an organization, Coinbase, which has secured a NY bitlicense, as he is thus supporting Coinbase and their bitlicense efforts. Coinbase is a bitlicensed entity. Theo and the Foundation could change to a non- bitlicensed entity, as there is _nothing preventing them from doing one of the following:_
1) use their 501c3 / nonprofit corp Foundation status which presumably was not incorporated in NY, to open a corporate account on a non-bitlicensed exchange. This requires a corporation such as a nonprofit or other corp NOT formed / NOT incorporated in NY. A corporate account on a non-bitlicensed exchange can legally have owners or accessors from NY since the (non-NY) Corporation is in fact the client being served. This is done routinely on a number of non-bitlicensed exchanges which is to say most exchanges.
2) I have also suggested Theo use non-custodial systems such as Mycelium Gear, Blockonomics, or Coinpayments. The latter allows for donations using up to 1,500 decentralized systems and has 30 plugins to choose from last I checked. The Foundation could do this too for its 501c3 addresses so that they would not have to use Coinbase or BitPay, both of which have sought and obtained NY bitlicense.
Thus far Theo and the Foundation have refused to make these simple changes which would be good on principle and would be good Corporate CSR (corporate social responsibility) examples for everyone. So since Theo and Foundation won't do that though, I am not going to be donating to them. It seems crazy to me that they are using a bitlicensed entity when they clearly do not have to do so.
@_date: 2019-11-08 23:30:33
This is ridiculous and I would fully expect all rational actors in industry to file some comment against it.  Peer to peer providers, issuers of new cryptoassets, and publishers of open source software should not be caught up in the wreckage of the FCA's fucked up nonsense. The FCA's proposal basically appears like an AML/CTF professional got depressed about technology, got drunk in a bar, wrote this shite, and then expected the world would just lay down and comply with it. Likely not.
That said, it's also a "get out" signal. As in, "innovators, get out of the UK." And if you are an innovator in the UK it is probably time to go. There are other better places around the world that won't treat you like the UK is treating people now.
@_date: 2019-03-10 18:33:30
Interesting statements from SEC as of March 7, 2019 (three days before this interview was published). Wait though: That SEC statement was published in 2018, not 2019! A year ago. Clearly the antiquated establishment is trembling in fear as they see the new systems take off. 
 Conference of State Bank Supervisors. Uniform Law Commission. The SEC. The Coin Center. Coinbase. Robinhood. All pushing for bitlicense - unnecessary and antiquated resistance to our new systems.
@_date: 2019-03-17 15:24:15
That was in 2018. We are in 2019 now. Pretty sure I reminded you of what year it was in another thread as well. Step into the moment. History is important but you aren't characterizing it well. 
Also, look in the mirror before you throw a stone. Maybe once you stop using Coinbase there will be more people who will donate to your case in NY against bitlicense.
Point of order. You said I was on the Bitcoin Foundation Board. I was never on their Board. I was the Chair of their Education Committee for a time. I ran for Board of Bitcoin Foundation and did not get elected. I am not a member of that Foundation anymore and haven't been for a long, long time.
@_date: 2019-03-17 17:22:38








Apart from your awful choice of words, GET ANOTHER ADDRESS SET UP THAT IS NOT COINBASE FFS.
As to the rest, seriously there is no moral or ethical validity to your position if you keep using Coinbase, a bitlicensed entity, whilst you are fighting bitlicense of NY in court. Stop asking me to support that with donations until you get away from CB.
@_date: 2019-03-06 04:43:13
Hello - if you wish to, please email this or something like the below message to ccc[at]calchamber.com - CalChamber.
Many local Chambers of Commerce follow the recommendations of CalChamber and oppose bills that CalChamber designates as Job-Killers.
The email to send to is: ccc[at]calchamber.com
(Simply replace [at] with @ before sending, and modify suggested message below as needed.)
 Dear CalChamber, please forward this message to your executive team and Board. 
 I would like CalChamber to evaluate a bill that if passed would have a negative effect on exchange business in California. The bill, AB 1489 (2019) is a California bill, but the same language of that bill is unfortunately currently also introduced in 2019 in Nevada, Hawaii, and Oklahoma by market participants who do not understand the exchange industry, making the bill more problematic than if it were confined to one state. It would establish a burdensome licensing and client surveillance regime and requirement that currently exists only in New York, where the vast majority of crypto-fiat exchanges left after bitlicense became a requirement. As a consequence of that bitlicense in NY, numerous exchanges had to stop serving NY clients in 2015 (because most exchanges refused to obtain a NY bitlicense, they determined that the benefits of serving that state were outweighed by the costs of NY regulation - it was too costly, a job killer). Thus NY lost billions of dollars in revenue from exchanges which it could have had - if it had not adopted bitlicense. Essentially the same text that is now active regulation in NY is being proposed as AB 1489 (2019) in California.
Bill language - same as what we defeated several times before in past years - is here: 
The bill above which I am seeking a CalChamber position on (AB 1489 (2019)) has been defeated in its prior incarnations three times: With the assistance of the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the Bitcoin Foundation, we defeated it once as AB 1326 (2015-2016) and defeated it twice as AB 1123 (2017-2018); it was introduced twice in 2017-2018, so thus far we have defeated this bill language three times in California alone  The legislator who was responsible for introducing these bills in 2015-2016 and 2017-2018, Assemblymember Dababneh, has resigned from the California Legislature in disgrace, but a new group of legislators unfortunately are now reintroducing the failed proposals again. We are now preparing to defeat the bitlicense proposal in California a fourth time. In some sports, it is three-strikes and you are out. Not with bitlicense - it keeps coming back. So we need your help to stop it again.  It is AB 1489 (2019).
AB 1489 is a job killer - It is requested you designate it as such on the CalChamber page.
We also suggest you oppose the bitlicense bills recently introduced in Oklahoma, Hawaii (where it has also been defeated in a prior legislative session), and Nevada (where bitlicense also has been defeated before. (The language was also introduced in Alaska where it was twice defeated, fortunately.) The language currently being proposed in Oklahoma, Hawaii, and Nevada mirrors California's job-killing AB 1489 (2019-2020) as recently introduced.
As you can see, not just Californians, but people all over the USA, have been successfully fighting and defeating bitlicense bills.
This is hard to get attention on since there are currently over 2,500 bills introduced in the California legislature alone.
I look forward to your reply and to your opposition to AB 1489 (2019-2020).
@_date: 2019-03-17 18:45:47
The guy who perished in a ratlike way after getting rekt by fiat.
@_date: 2019-03-17 18:44:31
Cue bitlicense discussion again.. they tried to get it adopted in about ten states since 2015, but not a single state legislature has adopted it. Why? Because the Uniform Law Commission backed, Coin Center backed, Coinbase backed bills are so bad, such shit, that not even California would adopt them as laws. (Bitlicense has been defeated three times in CA since 2015, twice in Hawaii, twice in Alaska, and once in every other state it was introduced in. Bitlicense has never become law in any State legislature- not even in NY where bitlicense was adopted via a shitty and thoughtless rulemaking process.)
See my post history for more details if interested.
@_date: 2019-03-17 15:14:57
Stop, Theo. Just stop. There is no rational defense of Coinbase here. Full stop.
And stop using Coinbase!!!
@_date: 2019-03-27 16:46:22
This should tell us not to ever trust the ULC on anything. I don't even recommend we give them input. Their duplicity here is painfully obvious as they openly try to sabotage Wyoming while trying, and so far failing, to get bitlicense adopted state by state.
Tl:dr: ULC and CSBS (Conference of State Banking Supervisors) has been trying since 2015 to get bitlicense adopted in every state, but they have failed miserably - bitlicense has not become state law in a single state. They are trying again in 2019 in CA, RI, OK, HI, and NV.  See Lets Talk Bitcoin and the Crypto Show for more details.
Edit: I will soon be releasing proposed model Virtual Sanctuary legislation for community input here that cities and states can adopt to frustrate the ULC bitlicensers and more importantly to help cities and states welcome bitcoin businesses. No new permits involved.
@_date: 2019-03-17 21:55:56
Whoo! That sounds about right. Haa!
@_date: 2019-11-17 10:55:41
These are just examples of companies who voluntarily applied because they wanted to serve NY clients.  They opted to go through the horror of the NY bitlicense. I won't even get into the implications of what it will mean for them to attempt to protect clients and handle compliance costs of other states, too. NY would just be the most awful one.
It doesn't matter if five or ten or fifteen companies get a NY bitlicense. The efforts to copy the NY regulatory biticense language into bills for proposed legislation in other states has been effectively stopped. NY is contained, much like North Korea is contained, at least with respect to the potential spread of NY bitlicense, which would have been horrible if it had spread, like a plague. 
Over several years, perhaps tens of thousands of people fought hard to halt ridiculous efforts to promote NY bitlicense-similar legislation. Fortunately, that fight to contain and stop the bitlicense has thus far worked. As my post emphasizes, it is not enough to stop a bad thing, you must build alternatives to it, and foster innovation via that process. I am thankful that Wyoming is leading the way in the building and fostering and I hope other states will soon follow Wyoming's lead.
@_date: 2019-11-16 09:07:23
Good thoughts.
@_date: 2019-11-08 03:16:45


Your claim that it would need to happen everywhere at once in order to happen, doesn't make a lot of sense to me.  Is there a similar sort of networked situation which required everything happen everywhere at once? For some reason, the Berlin Wall (fall) came to mind, but it didn't happen all at once. Has there been an example in modern history of a sudden explosion of some usage of a new economic tech without it being everywhere at once? Sure, the fax was one example. In many modern cities where people already had the most advanced services. But it was not commercially available everywhere all at once, and when it became more commercially accepted and when "hyperfaxification" was approaching, the US federal government freaked out and passed a rule saying you would need a license to operate the fax machine. People ignored this; maybe "hyperfaxification" only needed a few countries to have very strong fax adoption, not global adoption. Millions of faxes later, the real problem was how to get rid of it if you didn't want the machine anymore.
IMHO the real barrier to adoption is usability (UX/UI), plus speed and fees, and don't forget how the software and hardware is tailored for language, culture.. etc.
But "hyper" - ization? Doesn't need every country, just needs some for starters. 
Or a good space program that runs the broadcast, and adopters on planet Earth who manage the business of day to day trade.
@_date: 2019-11-09 06:15:52
As I explained after you made the odd statement in which you clearly stated that I had made a suggestion relating to population growth effect on what you called 'speed of life,' a term I never used, I tried to explain to you that in the context of Moore's law, there are "technology limitations based on time" and "the population growth results in an uptick in the network effect and thus the speed at which tech adoption can occur in populations," which was my summarization of certain points I was trying to make.  These points are clearly relevant to bitcoin adoption as I think I have sufficiently explained. I also felt it apparent that you had headed off on a rather different track, thus my earlier comment pointing out that it is alright to agree to disagree. There are places where a discussion isn't fruitful to continue. I observed this to be one of those places and politely asked that we stop.
@_date: 2019-11-08 23:42:38
Yes, the end goal (some) governments have is just to try to ban everything they don't like - even if it means banning any kind of trade, free expression, smiles and sunshine. That is the approach of Venezuela, California, New York, and certainly the UK in this respect.
Recently there was a discussion about how to address this issue in India, which also is working hard (like the UK) to put severe restrictions on crypto or just outright bans.. The discussion of how to mitigate this involves making use of the fact that the Moon Treaty is not ratified and that hostile nations have no jurisdiction against objects located on or near the Moon. More details here: 
@_date: 2019-03-05 15:54:19
I concur. Particularly given that bilicense has thus far been rejected in _every state_ where it was proposed as a state bill - even in NY, where bitlicense was passed as regulatory action, bitlicense was not passed through the Legislature - it is plain that the plaintive whining of the rapacious bankster backers of the bitlicense bills is largely ignored by a growing number of people who are tired of many of today's traditional legacy institutions' clinging and grasping behavior with respect to those institutions' attempts to maintain control they have already lost.
Also, nice username There is no, and can be no more monopoly with respect to how people express themselves online, whether using bitcoin in context of simple method of free expression, or whether using it as a means of value transfer and departure from legacy systems - which, even in the financial context, is still a function of people's decisions to exercise free speech and expression via bitcoin and other decentralized systems.
There is no more legacy institution claim to control over these systems - not a valid claim,  anyway: the disappearance, however gradual, of seigniorage, is not a fiction. It is a choice people have been making for years, even before bitcoin came to be.
With that said, the bitlicense proponents, in their attempts to force a system of coercion and layered "permissions" and "exemptions" upon a nascent industry, have shown that despite our having defeated bitlicense three times in California, twice in Hawaii, twice in Alaska, and despite that we have defeated bitlicense in _every other state where it has been proposed as state law,_ in spite of that, the bitlicense proponents, as they continue to cuddle up with banksters, are nonetheless trying again to pass bitlicense in 2019, in California, Oklahoma, Hawaii, and Nevada.
Their failures thus far to do so aren't stopping them from trying to convince more exchanges - exchanges which are not subject to bitlicense - to actually apply for and receive NY's bitlicense.  Around 14 businesses (exchanges and others, including a couple bitcoin ATMs) have received NY bitlicense. This is not a high number since most exchanges are _not bitlicensed,_ but it is dangerous since Coinbase and Robinhood's decision to procure bitlicense is a signal to other organizations that maybe it's "o.k." to get a NY (or other state's, if some other state passes this eventually) bitlicense.
**Ask the exchanges you use what their position is on bitlicense, including NY bitlicense and proposed bitlicense laws for 2019 in California, Nevada, Hawaii, and Oklahoma.**
If they have a NY bitlicense or plan on getting one from NY or from _any other state in the future_, **tell them you wish to close your account and move your funds to an exchange that is not going to get a bitlicense.**
Most exchanges don't have bitlicense and funds are easy to move from one exchange to another, so this is an easy way of voting with your wallet. Exchanges that want bitlicense don't want your business.
Coinbase has been giving us reasons for years to not use them. I closed my CB acct years ago. But for those newer to bitcoin, now is a great time to   and in fact, to delete any exchange which has agreed to subject its clients to bitlicense.
Notably, primary donors to, and supporters of, the State legislators who agreed to introduce the failed bitlicense again to State legislatures in 2019 (presumably so we would have to fight and defeat their shit _again_) include (but are not limited to):
- Facebook (whose interest in this is that they are developing a _permissioned_ FB coin that they want to get _permission_ to deploy in every state their platform reaches - thus FB is a top donor to the State politicians who agreed to introduce bitlicense again as a proposal in 2019 for State legislatures in California and elsewhere)
- Ghost Management (this is a marijuana collective corporation repurposed as a donor corp to send money to politicians promoting AB 1489, AB 953, and AB 147 - bitlicense bills and pro-stablecoin-shit-show bills in California)
- The energy industry (PG&amp;E, and others)
- all of the above are pouring political donations - a clear money trail from those organizations to the trough of politicians willing to introduce bitlicense again in 2019 - into the pockets of pro-bitlicense state legislators _right now._
And, direct and indirect financiers and promoters of bitlicense:
- Coinbase
- Robinhood
- Coin Center (which helped draft the Uniform Law Commission's model law for 2019 re-introduction of the failed bitlicense to State legislatures)
- Uniform Law Commission / ULC (escapes campaign finance laws by accepting "membership" and donations from banks pushing bitlicense, ULC thus effectively is a mask for bank money funneled into politics in states that the ULC is asking to adopt bitlicense as state law: California, Oklahoma, Nevada, Hawaii)
- Conference of State Bank Supervisors (CSBS) as documented by this post and by their failed attempt to get a state-level bitlicense adopted in Alaska
Make sure to listen to Let's Talk Bitcoin - next episode is released Sunday March 10, I think - that episode will have interviews of me, and of someone from the Coin Center which I have long criticized as they claim to create more "regulatory certainty" with the fantastically horrid bitlicense proposals, "permissions," and "exemptions" they wish us to just accept as some sort of tolerable gospel truth. It's not - we need to fight, and defeat, their crappy proposals... again.
_Note:_ _Coin Center did have a good presentation to Congressmembers a while back which I was impressed with. But the interest and activity of certain persons within Coin Center in terms of their promotion of the ULC-backed bitlicense (for 2019 - again) is not something we should ignore. It basically reduces to nearly nothing the good reputation that Coin Center had previously built up._
@_date: 2019-03-11 15:10:58
Good summary. Thanks
@_date: 2019-11-17 09:54:11
u/eqleriq - you had asked, "where was bitlicense “repeatedly defeated by people?” the answer to that is mostly in posts and threads in this sub over the past four years (in which there is ample documentation of introduction of bitlicense clone bills in various states, and the defeat of such bills year after year). I am guessing you have seen at least some of the evolution of it. 
Example1: 
Example2:  
You don't like that we've defeated bitlicense and bitlicense-similar proposed bills in every state they were introduced in since NY regulators came up with the idea? Too bad. (This is not to say that states aren't adopting any legislation related to bitcoin and blockchain, actually, there is a lot of that happening, just that people have managed to stop the multi-state bitlicense legislation efforts.)
To sum it up, although legislation proposals with language similar to NY bitlicense regulation has come up in a number of U.S. states, it has not become law in any U.S. state.  (It is a regulatory system specific to NY, and the companies u/cointastical mentioned did not have to get a bitlicense - they chose to, in order to serve NY clients.)
That's not the whole point, though. The point was that it was not enough for us to just defeat bitlicense attempts in California and numerous other states. Instead we must also build real alternatives and firewalls to the bitlicense approach.  Wyoming's approach to licensing and crypto-friendly law does that. It stops the creep of bad law and fosters innovation and encourages those in our industry.
I understand there is now potential for Wyoming-similar law to spread to other states. I can only hope so, for a number of reasons.
@_date: 2019-11-03 22:54:18
Definitely. It would extend this way.
@_date: 2019-11-03 22:23:13
One could choose to have it go through the space node, etc
@_date: 2019-11-10 22:13:16
When Blockstream Satellite and Samourai?
@_date: 2019-11-03 22:50:11
@_date: 2018-10-06 22:25:07
Sanourai also allows for this customization, though more work is pending in Electrum for lightning integration and in Samourai as well down the road for the same.
@_date: 2019-03-01 21:57:03
Please contact EFF and whatever exchanges you use and get their public position on this bill ASAP.
@_date: 2016-01-19 06:54:15
No, it's like.... ahhh, you never saw Lost?  Just [check this out]( and you will understand.
@_date: 2019-11-17 10:06:02
You may want to read this article, it will give you some further insight. I think you have the wrong impression about Wyoming. People there are very interested in the world of bitcoin related business. 
Edit: I also recommend you read this one:  
@_date: 2019-11-14 23:35:47
It's part of the reason. This is just exciting stuff to work with.
@_date: 2016-01-22 21:11:07
Unsurprising... I never used Bitstamp, and removed all funds from BTC-e (and all other centralized exchanges) a very long time ago.  Support Bitsquare (bitsquare.io) development, folks. Get away from the centralized exchanges.
@_date: 2017-01-24 11:28:33
That's why I have books, so I know how to make an internet from scratch so I can stare at cat videos all day long and not have to read again.
@_date: 2018-10-06 22:19:49
See subsatoshi.org - this has been possible forever, but its more recent implementation was held pending finalization of both Segwit (which we now have) and lnd (which is also now working).
Tl;dr: Yes.
@_date: 2019-11-08 01:10:58




It sounds like you are saying that you think hyperbitcoinization, or something very close to it, will happen. But if that is the case, based upon your thought process, what factors would certainly cause us to tip into it, and when would that occur?
@_date: 2019-03-02 18:01:30
Indeed. But bear in mind this bitlicense proposal is currently being pushed by banks, ULC, and Coin Center (who essentially are operating as "three tentacles of Mordor" with respect to their bitlicense effort") not only in California, but also in Oklahoma, Nevada, Hawaii, and possibly other states (research is being done to determine how far their nefarious efforts have gone in 2019 in other states).
The good side of this is that we've previously defeated their bitlicense proposals three times since 2015 in California, and have defeated the proposals twice before in Hawaii, for example. Not only that, but the community has defeated legislative proposals for bitlicense _in every state these proposals have been introduced._ 
As a general observation and summary, Coin Center, Uniform Law and other pro-bitlicense people saw how hard (and how successfully!) we fought against bitlicense in California, and so they realized eventually they might be more successful at getting bitlicense passed in smaller, less populated states, like Nebraska, Hawaii, or Alaska - in hopes that they would be able to sneak it through without much opposition and then claim a victory of sorts to then use as justification in other states where they are attempting state-level bitlicense.  Unrepentant statists are nothing if not sneaky folk, and attempting to ramrod bitlicense through in smaller states (because they couldn't win in California) is an example of their vile nature in action. Below are some examples of their _past_ attempts to pass bitlicense laws in various U.S. States:
1) New York bitlicense - passed by rulemaking bodies in that unenlightened state, and being challenged in the courts.  Not a state law, but rather, a regulatory action that was wielded against New Yorkers and still impairs business there. Status here: 
2) California bitlicense - proposed three times, and under different bills (as AB 1326 (2015-2016) and as AB 1123 (2017-2018)), was repeatedly defeated with the aid of EFF, the Bitcoin Foundation, various other private and public organizations and nonprofits, and literally hundreds of thousands of individuals over multiple years since 2015.  On top of that, we also got rid of the bills' primary advocate and "author," Dababneh (see [this post about it]( and he will not be coming back to the State Legislature in California.  (Unfortunately, the bankers that funded him when he was in office, are still around, and the ULC and Coin Center have proposed biticense again in 2019 and got it intoduced to the Cali Legislature as AB 1489 (2019), so we must now defeat it again.)
3) Connecticut -- bitlicense [was introduced in 2018]( in a joint effort by the Coin Center and the Uniform Law Commission.  It's right now in a Banking Committee there.  If you live in Connecticut and enjoy any sort of crypto, write your legislators and tell them to defeat not only that bill, but anything like it.
4) [Hawaii bitlicense was introduced in 2018]( another one being pushed by Coin Ctr and ULC.  For the one linked to above, the status of it was  it didn't make it past committee and was deferred in early February 2018, but it could easily come back later for reconsideration.  If you live in Hawaii, keep the pressure on your legislators to stop any form of this uncouth proposal.  Kill it with fire of the magma of Hawaii. Now there are new bitlicense proposals for Hawaii in 2019, which also must be defeated, which are mentioned in my top ranked comment in this discussion.
5) [Nebraska bitlicense was introduced in 2018]( another gross blot upon the earth and offense to humankind being pushed on a small state by Coin Ctr and ULC.  It appears to have gone through a first reading but did not get any approval in 2018.  Please ensure you contact any friends you have in Nebraska to urge them to oppose LB 987 or anything like it, and if you live in Nebraska, please also oppose LB 987 or anything like it, as it is a most unpleasant insult on people's freedoms everywhere. 
Lest we forget...
6) [Alaska bitlicense]( which was introduced and referred to the Judiciary Committee last year by that State's legislature, and I suspect, by an effort involving the ULC.  Alaskans have the distinction, like Californians, of having defeated bitlicense before -- and they defeated that bitlicense bill a second time last year (2018).  In Alaska, if the bitlicense had succeeded, bitcoin users would have to go through the "Nationwide Multistate Licensing System and Registry" -- in case you don't know what that is, it's basically a for-profit licensing and registration system run by -- you guessed it - banksters -- here it is:  and here are the group of banksters that are promoting this one: NONE OTHER THAN THE CONFERENCE OF STATE BANK SUPERVISORS.   That's right, the banksters want to license Alaskan bitcoiners to death - no doubt, with the full backing of pro-bitlicense people in Coin Ctr and the ULC. Fortunately the Alaskans got wise to that and stopped it in 2018.
Here's an example of a small state which, because we failed to advocate hard enough for our bitcoiners there (maybe because we weren't paying attention to what was happening in that state), fell prey to just a horrible proposal that managed to get passed:  North Carolina's bill, H289, _very similar to various bitlicense proposals elsewhere_ -- which has been in effect since June 2016. 
ALTERNATIVES TO DUMB LEGISLATIVE PROPOSALS LIKE THOSE ABOVE AND OTHERS MENTIONED IN THIS REDDIT DISCUSSION:
1) CryptoCurrency Security Standard.   Developed by some of the brightest minds in bitcoin, could be adapted and modified by exchanges to be utilized by them voluntarily.
2) Some other voluntary standard, which could be adopted by major exchanges (and applicable worldwide).  If people adopt their own standards voluntarily that establish more security where most people go to get their coins, it is harder for bitlicense proponents to make the argument that their state-level proposals make any sense.
Thanks for reading!
Please [contact EFF]( and ask them politely to send letters to the State legislatures above to oppose the various bitlicense proposals. Also, please contact the exchanges you use, ask them their position on the various bitlicense proposals in California, Oklahoma, Nevada, and Hawaii in 2019, and tell the exchanges you use that you will no longer use their services if they get bitlicensed. These proposals for bitlicense are a cancer upon our community.
@_date: 2019-11-08 19:39:04
Eventually this culminates with war for signals domination both on planet Earth and in outer Space. But, in Space, or near the Moon where (India and really any nation) do not have legal or physical power to interfere with devices that would create or propagate signal (say, bitcoin or lunar "exchange nodes") then the government efforts to interfere with the signal would likely emanate from near-Earth orbit or from some government rules developed on Earth designed to limit _the hardware you can buy to receive Lunar signal._  (In fact, the FCC recently adopted rules banning unlicensed persons from being able to buy certain types of radio hardware - I posted about this on Reddit before it occurred.)
So yes, governments will fight it, but as you say, mesh networks will also be part of this picture. In the end I foresee an uneasy coexistence (between govts, SystemD, and other elements of the world) with periodic battles over the subject of access to what is broadcast. And indeed the Earth's laws will no longer be limiting, but as people transition from one system to another they will do so with the aid of systems broadcasting from the Moon.
@_date: 2019-11-08 19:48:44
There is a 'Deep Space Network' involving the Earth, near-Earth satellites, several sites (equidistant) on Earth, (and eventually) Mars, and the Moon. The near-Earth satellites I think, are pretty much under control of the governments. I say pretty much since I am not sure that this is totally the case.
Hackaday article on this: 
Then there are the Blockstream satellites, not controlled by governments I think, though they had to get permissions to get launched up there I would imagine.
Blockstream though technically provides global signal from orbit.
@_date: 2017-01-24 06:59:09
That pretty much just goes up in value no matter what, especially if you are in some insane place like California, so learn to cast your boolits and learn to reload.  (No sense in waiting for a doom-y event to take simple steps to save yourself money, time, and avoid regulatory hassle)
@_date: 2017-01-21 06:43:36
I like the direction of your thinking.  Please continue! 
- pcvcolin, chair, education committee / bitcoin foundation
@_date: 2017-01-24 04:31:15
This reminds me of an old bitcointalk thread for some reason.  Funny how these same questions tend to come up again and again with stuff getting rehashed.  Same ol' same ol'.
Anyway in that bitcointalk thread [some folks were saying you wouldn't be able to use bitcoin]( because the internet would be down in a doomsday scenario.  
I basically disagree, I think people would figure out a way to make it work.  Apart from paper wallets and offline exchange methods of transmission including NFC, those who are well-prepared [can transmit bitcoin over the radio even in the absence of internet]( and indeed there are other methods, such as use of sound waves and television which can also be employed.
Solar electricity or pedal-gennys would be needed to provide the necessary power.  Not ideal, but possible.
*edit:  Not sure why the downvotes on this, since everything I've mentioned here is entirely possible [and has been supported through the bitcoin code for some time, including NFC](
@_date: 2017-01-21 06:58:48
1) Close your coinbase account right away and do not use it again. It poses many problems and dangers for users.  Your funds may be frozen or made unavailable to you without explanation, your activity reported to banks, and you will also be reported to the IRS annually for using coinbase, which may then attempt to prosecute you for not reporting every gain or loss you have had when acquiring or selling bitcoin.  This is just scratching the surface of what will happen (most likely at a moment in time when you least expect it) if you continue to use it.
2) Ensure you have a wallet that is solely within your control (e.g. Electrum, Core, Armory).  Not a web wallet.
3) Use decentralized exchange to acquire your BTC before sending it to your wallet (Electrum, Mycelium, Core, Armory).  Examples of decentralized exchange systems are [Mycelium LT]( or [Bitsquare](
Decentralized exchanges are not organizations or businesses, nor do they rely on institutions.  They are merely pieces of software which rely on other people with the same software to function.  (Like the way bitcoin was originally intended to work.)
Although many people have forgotten this, the original Bitcoin actually had preliminary code for a decentralized exchange written into it by Satoshi Nakamoto.  The code (which was an incomplete feature) was stripped out by later developers.  Decentralized exchanges ensure that your transactions will not be censored.
@_date: 2019-11-09 07:04:28
Everyone knows that bitcoin itself cannot be banned, so the article is presenting an obvious derp here. At issue is the question of how people can ensure that they will be able to access *legitimate* (generally meaning licensed and centralized) exchanges which have the most volume in the world, and also are convenient to them from the UI/UX and language/cultural perspective. 
Not to get too far into the weeds here, but as I have pointed out elsewhere, potentially areas like India, Venezuela, California, New York, etc., (or anywhere else on the globe) could be served by centralized exchanges legally _without a license_ and without any real conflict with country laws so long as there is some exchange system set up on or near the Moon to broadcast the exchange signal to the Earthly surface (by a satellite TV node / channel or similarly engaging method). (Since we are not yet on the Moon again, people have been relying on Earth's exchanges and licensing systems.) In fact, it would not have to be there forever, it would just need to have signals originating there for a while until enough of the world has the exchange software, kind of like how bitcoin software got around - the network effect.  It would need to have propagated.
A brief mention of DEXs.
Most of the time, descriptions of DEXs lack definition. A DEX as many people claim it to be isn't really a DEX, since most DEXs simply are apparently decentralized exchanges that... actually aren't. They still require login, still have a company behind them, still collect client KYC info, on and on. You have seen them, many of them come and go. The good ones (like Bisq! which you could call a real DEX..) remain.
Just an observation.
@_date: 2017-01-28 01:27:15
Thanks for that!
@_date: 2017-08-02 16:01:39
@_date: 2017-01-10 22:55:12
Glad they mentioned SurBitcoin for Venezuela and ChipChap which covers many countries but in reality this article is not very helpful and many of the recommendations it makes will actually harm the new user due to problematic regulations which target users of web-based wallet services, brokerages, and exchanges.
There are not enough cautionary tales and warnings which would serve to direct new users away from online wallet services (Coinbase, Bitpay, etc) and web-based exchanges, and toward installable (desktop / mobile) or hardware wallets and decentralized exchanges.  This is very important to protect users.
Better would be to follow recommendations [provided here](
@_date: 2019-11-25 21:47:14
This is a good recommendation if you are in a heavily restricted country, but you may also appreciate it if you are in an area where you can already access most bitcoin related services with no problem anyway. There has been good work over years put into Bisq consistently.
@_date: 2017-01-11 10:31:15
That much?  Have some to spare, I will happily accept and set up OpenBazaar or Rein.  What I make will simply be diverted into a project I am [slowly working on](
@_date: 2017-01-23 21:14:09
TL;DR, Peter R is a fool (why he would make such an insane statement is beyond me).
@_date: 2017-08-02 15:50:51


Agreed, and I'll just leave it there.  Thanks to those who got us through to Segwit and didn't abandon the consensus idea of the project.
@_date: 2019-11-08 06:28:57


Would you hazard a guess based on Moore's Law in part and the population growth of India (which has around 18 percent of Earth's human population) as well? When you consider these factors, one could estimate a "when," albeit an approximate one. Nobody has a crystal ball here.
@_date: 2017-01-24 06:40:39
I didn't say people would be mining in an apocalyptic or post-apocalyptic scenario.  I didn't even remotely imply that.
I simply pointed out that it is economically possible (and potentially beneficial, assuming a certain amount of stability and the ability to communicate with others outside - this also assumes no extremes such as "not a nuclear holocaust," for obvious reasons), to actually use bitcoin (to broadcast a transaction), even without the internet.  (Confirmations would likely take a very long time and you'd have to imbue the process with a certain amount of trust, but it would remain feasible, nonetheless, and certainly more feasible than actual reliance upon fiat currency.)
Anybody who knows anything about bitcoin can tell you that it is entirely possible and indeed feasible to do so.  
Of course, a life-altering event involving plenty of doom would relegate most things to having much less value (or at least alter their meaning substantially) in the timeframe post-event(s).  Some would say that certain "doomsday" events actually are not discrete events and occur gradually over time so that their effect(s) are not immediately detectable as something occurring within a unique or particular point in history, examples being certain types of economic catastrophes, or ELEs (extinction-level events).  Anyway, my point being, if you are still alive and the internet is not available, guess what:  You can still use bitcoin.  In fact, people all over the globe access it now without internet, using services like Coinapult.  However, let's assume that internet is down and telecommunications in general are also down (satcom, domestic / international landlines, cell service, etc).  Even so, what most people forget is that nearly every cell phone today is not only NFC capable, but also functions as a radio.  See, for example [the Serval Project](
So yes, assuming you had enough electrical power to recharge a cell phone (e.g. a small, foldable portable solar panel, ideally, or a crank-up or pedal-powered gen that you could connect to battery) you would be able to conduct a minimal amount of trade using virtual currency even if you had no availability of cash.  Initially at least people would depend on those who would be more prepared (who either had the radio equipment or who have the right software installed on their phones, e.g. mesh network install like Serval project).  This was evident when I lived in El Salvador at the time when cell phones were just becoming available to the general population.  Obviously nearly everyone did not have one, but there began to be a situation where there was at least one enterprising individual who had one in a village (and would hang a sign outside their door and charge people a fee to use it) even if they did not have "service" in the sense that we all tend to have it today on our cell phones.  (Remember, there was no internet available at that time on the cell phone(s).)
Value of things only declines to zero if they have no utility.  Venezuela comes to mind.  Bitcoin use grew there (and in India) because the existing currencies declined in utility.
@_date: 2017-01-11 19:11:24
To be fair, I don't live in Puerto Rico.  I did research it before posting, though.  According to [this article]( Paypal has ceased operations in Puerto Rico.  Specifically, PayPal itself stated,
*“Due to new government policies in Puerto Rico, we have made the difficult decision to no longer offer our person-to-person payment service to our Puerto Rican customers as of November 1, 2015. Our customers in Puerto Rico will no longer be able send money to friends and family abroad with Venmo or PayPal, but will be able to continue to use PayPal to pay for goods and services and receive payments. We regret any inconvenience this may cause our valued customers in Puerto Rico.”*
So does "PayPal work in Puerto Rico?"  Not really, I think.  Could a person use it to receive a gift sent by someone?  Probably, sure.  But does this change create an opening for bitcoin?  Absolutely.
@_date: 2019-11-10 22:10:42
I will simplify this: 
*no change from today*
However, if you are in the USA, you would be potentially much more in a beneficial state if you had you (custodial or non-custodial, either) situation set up in Wyoming for reasons of how their laws now treat digital assets. This includes some newer laws that address digital asset lending concerns while respecting ownership.
IMHO Wyoming law works out best both for individuals and corporate entities, leaving individuals with much greater control over the assets in question when an individual decides to put assets on an exchange / direct an institution to custody the assets.
@_date: 2017-01-11 19:35:11
That's what I gather, too.  You'd basically have to [pay off some P.R. bureaucrats]( and maybe get an energy deal, then it seems like there might be a possibility for business there somewhere.  Undoubtedly there would be many other obstacles of course.  Otherwise you'd have to base it outside of P.R. to serve P.R. customers.
@_date: 2017-01-21 06:39:55
Mm, interesting!  Possibilities.
@_date: 2017-01-28 01:26:58
Interesting post! But I am more curious about how they're using bitcoin to get stuff like food, toilet paper and other basic goods.
@_date: 2019-03-05 06:54:22
They've had this plan for a few years but weren't firing all cylinders on it til recently. After the CSBS (bank supervisors) backed proposal failed to pass in Alaska (twice failed), they stepped back and decided to promote a tool to make getting NY bitlicense "easier."
Better would have been to repeal bitlicense, or modify it to remove basically all its teeth as one NY lawmaker unsuccessfully tried to do in a "bitlicense modification" bill.
Currently only and Bitcoin Foundation are fighting NY bitlicense in court.
Interesting fact: **anyone (no matter what state they reside in) can avoid bitlicense restrictions by incorporating in a state that _doesn't have bitlicense_ and then opening up the Corporate account on any exchange that _does not have a bitlicense_ - which is to say most exchanges or any exchange that cares about its clients.**
**If you live in a bitlicensed state (right now, that is just NY), you cannot be served as an _individual_ by an exchange that is not bitlicensed.** You can, however, own a non-NY corp and have that corp be served for a Corporate account on exchanges that refuse to bow before bitlicense (that is, on almost any exchange which refuses to get a NY biticense). Bitlicense is unnecessary and illogical.
Coinbase got bitlicensed, as did Robinhood. It's easy to mention them in the same breath, they both have a pro-NY-bitlicense, anti bitcoin model. Coinbase is getting a lot of hate right now, for reasons other than its licensing choices. Having hired and "fired" hacking team members. Quite the shit-show r.n. w/ CB.
For the time being, **it is probably best to avoid incorporating in California, Oklahoma, Nevada and Hawaii since bitlicense proposals have been introduced in all those states.** If one passes in one of those states and you are incorporated in a state where bitlicense passes (and your corp in that state is used for a Corporate exchange account on an exchange that is _not_ bitlicensed), then your Corporate account is no longer a shield to you from bitlicense, basically as of the moment bitlicense passes in the state where you incorporated. Thus NY, California, Nevada individuals, etc. can safely incorporate in, say, Wyoming or Delaware, but arguably not in CA (not safely anyway). Wyoming seemingly has rather excellent incentives to incorporate esp. for those involved in bitcoin. I think it's not too hard to reincorporate to Wyoming right now also (so the Corp / business exodus will continue with business fleeing California, probably).  
Caitlin Long has an excellent overview of the incorporation or reincorporation possibilities that Wyoming offers for those serious about protecting the bitcoinisphere from bitlicensy nut jobs:
Inevitably, this comment will probably draw heat from a stablecoin apologist or from some shill for Coin Center's, ULC's, and the banks' bitlicense proposals. In anticipation of such comments, to those who would defend even obliquely and indirectly the horrible bitlicense proposals we've seen lately, I have just one thing to say to you: _why don't you just fall down._  
@_date: 2016-01-22 21:02:33
Thanks for your thoughts.  
@_date: 2017-08-26 23:22:11
No, you cannot anonymously receive BTC on a mobile wallet.
In fact, you cannot anonymously receive BTC at the present moment.  There are some things you can do to make the privacy level quite good though and minimize the probability that you will be scammed including being subjected to having your information sold off by to governments by companies.
1) Don't use Bitpay and Coinbase, or similar web wallets, [as I've been telling people for years](  In a recent post of mine I emphasized this again and some of my reasons why, but my advice was ignored.  You are going to get royally screwed [if you ignore this advice](  
2) Don't even send to a BitPay or Coinbase managed address.  Ask people who you are sending to what wallet they are using and make sure you are not sending to such an address. If they refuse to provide you with an alternate address (such as an address from their Electrum, Mycelium, Samourai wallet) then tell them to take a hike.  Send them nothing.  It's not worth being tracked by BitPay, Coinbase, the IRS, banks, and Chainalysis ceaselessly.
3) You may want to consider using something like [Samourai wallet]( for the time being.  It's not 100% ready by any stretch but its privacy features are the direction that people should be going who are doing bitcoin development.
4) Electrum, manage your own keys, and note that in every version of [Tails]( (which is very protective of your privacy), there is an Electrum wallet.  (You'll need to take the time to manage persistence features if you don't want to lose it, though, so start with a very tiny amount until you know what you are doing with persistence in Tails OS.)
5) IF you've read all of the above, and you absolutely know what you are doing with advanced installations, and are ready to examine how to take more responsibility for your own privacy and identity, [go here and check out IDMAS](  Do not cry to me if you can't get it to work, or if you don't think it has been updated recently enough.  Talk to the developer on github etc.
@_date: 2017-08-08 06:24:52
Mark my words BTC will go up to at least 10k if not higher.  Think 5 years out.  Buy more now and hodl.
Do not be concerned about the clonecoin / forked shitcoin which we shall not name.  Look at the top performer and the top 30 index with the exception of the coin that we here shall not name. In reality if you were to go all into a bitcoin IRA of some sort and do absolutely nothing (except contribute) in about 5 to 7 years depending on your initial balance you would be ridiculously well off even if you had no BTC from a few years ago. 
It's like what Yoda said.  "Do.  Or do not.  There is no try."
@_date: 2017-01-18 05:57:57
You do realize, OP, that the NY bitlicense is exactly why nearly every exchange left the state of NY.   Not sure how this is good news or even breaking.  It's just sad.  Nobody should be using Coinbase, pure and simple.
No need for me to reply to anybody trying to drum up a pro-Coinbase or pro-bitlicense stance since that's just stupid and doesn't merit discussion.  But if you want my thoughts on the matter in more detail, you can read them in more detail - described [here]( and [here, on reddit](
@_date: 2017-01-16 03:43:34
What people are missing in this discussion is that (1) the Web as we know it today is broken, and (2) running something through a browser generally means that someone (or many "someones") end up being custodians of the data you would otherwise be maintaining yourself.  Due to OpenBazaar's design - as mentioned by - there is a need for you to actually install something on your computer and run it in order to obtain the benefits it truly offers.  That's the way it's supposed to be.  If you want true censorship resistance - if you want to actually experience bitcoin - you're going to actually be downloading and installing something.  
I can't help but think of the many complaints that people make about Coinbase (the fact that their accounts are frozen or their funds are made unavailable without explanation, and that most of the Coinbase users are now being treated as criminals by the IRS in a recent court case  because... all their data constantly ends up being subjected to extreme levels of financial surveillance and constant disclosure to three-letter agencies, because that's how MSBs work).
This is why people should use solutions like OpenBazaar and Bitsquare (which are not MSBs, and which avoid the notion of relying upon a company or servers as custodian of your data) and avoid things like Coinbase and Bitpay (which rely on serving customers through a web portal and use of servers - an oversimplification, sure, but a fair summary nonetheless).
*edit:*  Since I mentioned OpenBazaar, I feel compelled to add that many users (myself included) have been strong advocates for inclusion of having OpenBazaar compatibility with Tor/I2P.  OpenBazaar compatibility with Tor/I2P will be driven by what IPFS supports. Right now, IPFS seems to need help with Tor integration.  To help out, see:
It seems that IPFS roadmap does intend for eventual I2P support, but I'm not sure if anyone's been actively working on it recently:  
( some I2P issue in IPFS background also here:  )
So far as Bitsquare goes (the decentralized exchange), beginning July 2016 it was (still is) able to route bitcoinj traffic over internal Tor proxy (or not) based on user preferences.
@_date: 2017-08-08 06:31:52
This is excellent news.  I say fie to those who want to go chasing Segwit2X, we don't really need it.  Might it happen?  Maybe.  Is it needed?  No.
@_date: 2017-01-11 06:36:24
Not exactly what you are looking for, probably, but [I've compiled a list of things here that I think will be of some help](
If you're serious about freelancing for bitcoin, you'll certainly also want to take a look at [Rein]( and [OpenBazaar]( - both of which are decentralized applications.
@_date: 2017-08-09 06:55:28
But not the final frontier
@_date: 2017-01-24 04:37:16
I'm quoted in this article on growing use of bitcoin: "some governments (...) have engaged in desperate moves to restrict currency use (...) This is where bitcoin &amp; similar systems have increased in usage because they cannot be effectively censored."
@_date: 2017-01-30 17:26:00
Unsurprising!  BU is fail (has been known for a while). Thanks for update.
@_date: 2017-08-22 09:12:42
hey looks like we were ahead of our time discussing this... [well over two years ago](
This goes back to discussions in late 2013.
Now it's finally happening! 
Will touch base soon.
@_date: 2017-01-24 22:54:31
Well, o.k.  But still, that sounded strange, because when you said "genetic memory of the Russians after Second World War" it reminded me of that movie, "Captain America: Civil War" or something.
Note: OT to this thread, but...  [Two (or three?) film epic crossover event inbound](
@_date: 2017-01-25 07:47:27
I have a strong distaste for Coinbase (and I recommend everyone stay away from it and away from any web wallet), but wow: what an excellent article by Brian Armstrong (CEO of Coinbase) on the issues.  Very well written and thought out.
@_date: 2017-08-27 02:50:33
The "not replacing with something even half as bad" is difficult in CA, given that you can't even get one upvote on a post like this in r/bitcoin (and yes, it matters).
@_date: 2017-08-27 02:58:17
Why not just that same thing but the latest version of Core at this point, since Segwit is activated.
@_date: 2017-01-11 19:27:25
The main difference, it seems to me, is that Puerto Rico got itself into the situation it is in now by highly irresponsible practices.  Sure, Venezuela was extremely mismanaged by incompetent government types who didn't understand an economy from a hole in the ground, but Puerto Rico has been a whole different kind of situation.
  Puerto Rico issued bonds that were always attractive to municipal investors, regardless of Puerto Rico's account balances.  If Puerto Rico had merely issued bonds that were triple tax exempt and thus were attractive to municipal investors, but would have had limitations on how this would be allowed to impact its debt and budget, then it could have been o.k., but the practice continued unabated without adequate safeguards.
 Puerto Rico issued debt to balance its budget since 1973.  It then began to issue debt to repay older debt, as well as refinancing older debt possessing low interest rates with debt possessing higher interest rates.  
When all of this resulted  an outstanding debt of 71 billion USD everything got downgraded to junk status.  Now they are making a push for statehood again in hopes that if they get admitted to the United States all this debt will be taken care of by the United States.  The US Treasury has made clear it isn't going to do that.
Anyway, my point being, TL;DR, usually distressed areas are actually areas of opportunity.  Thus there should be areas in Puerto Rico where an enterprising person can find a way to make bitcoin work to help Puerto Ricans as well as to make a sustainable business model.  
@_date: 2018-10-06 21:31:58
OP, these are all good suggestions that people have made, though you can run your own full node with nothing more than a Raspberry Pi or signing up to a hosting service. Tutorial posted below for how to do it quickly. If you know what you are doing you can monitor this from your cell phone.
@_date: 2017-08-27 00:38:02
1) Stop using your mobile shitwallet
2) Get Electrum installed on a laptop, sweep keys to it
3) Go to settings. Check use dynamic / uncheck edit fees manually  / set dropdown to replace by fee (use the selection "if the fee is low")  Do not have the box checked that makes fee static / manual only (this is why I said "uncheck edit fees manually" above).
4) Broadcast your tx.  Fixed it for you.
You may also want to look at the condition of the mempool, if it is ridiculously loaded up, the time when you broadcast matters.
@_date: 2017-08-22 09:02:40
No, you should run a full node that broadcasts to [the satellite network]( or a full node that broadcasts [via radio]( Anything but the fucking internet.
@_date: 2017-08-02 07:21:40


It's like they designed it to happen.  First designed the cancercoin (BCH), then set it up to be pumped and dumped, then ensured it is exposed for the 51% attack. It's basically just waiting to happen - either for the people who designed BCH to do it or for someone else to do it.  Unlike BitcoinXT (which I also opposed), BCH seems to have had a bunch of media hype behind it (which is not too hard to get if you know how to pay for it and run a PR campaign).
On top of that quite a few of its nodes are (like BU, Classic, etc.) artificials: AWS / Digital ocean freebie spinups / the like.
The good side of this is that there is simply very low support for BCH (relative to Core and in general relative to the process which has led to what will be Segwit activation):
The bad side of this is that as more people get the idea to create forking proposals off bitcoin to create further pump / dump situations (in much the same way as BCH) then there will be a gradual degradation / loss of participants in the (actual) bitcoin network due to the number of people flocking towards temporarily interesting (primarily for economic reasons) proposals. 
Of course I support people's ability to trade that which exists and I am pleased with the exchanges that have made the decision to support BCH.  Even though I do not like BCH at all, it is important to support inherently what people have and allow them to trade it.
Interestingly, in all this drama, though, people do forget that this has been going on for quite some time well before BCH as well, for example, as is shown by  -- if we are talking about currencies based on bitcoin, there are ***667 currencies in total and 3 just this month.***
I have no issue with litecoin and namecoin (and in fact I think litecoin is way ahead of bitcoin development when it comes to things like approaching segwit, lnd, etc - it's advancing very quickly and it is presenting itself as a coin of value for that reason) but it does seem the proliferation of new coins is just ridiculous.  Likewise I don't have any issue with people developing coins with other algos (BCN, NXT, XRP etc.) -- in fact I helped develop / contribute to what is now BCN - but this issue of opportunistic forking of bitcoin into BCH is just spiteful (when the consensus / clear majority are so clearly headed to BIP141 - Segwit and so on).
I think it's safe to say that BCH will be a flash in the pan and will be riding the coattails of (the real bitcoin, BTC) for a long time to come.  Like (BU, Classic, XT), BCH nodes will eventually dwindle but cause a sort of diminishing of the number of people who *could* be using an actual bitcoin node.
@_date: 2017-01-21 07:15:54
Nailed it!
@_date: 2017-08-02 07:38:14
So can you.  I'm not discussing them here.
@_date: 2017-01-24 07:08:52
If you didn't read the post (by which I assume you mean my comment) then you are not considering alternative points of view.  You're happy to reside comfortably in your own POV and that's fine, but just know that your own POV (specifically, your statement that - "the mining comment from is somewhat valid... you've assumed that mining is purely how "bitcoin is made" - is indefensible if you refuse to even read.
I would suggest that you actually read my comment, so that you can consider my point of view.   
I would also point out to you that nowhere in my comment did I state that "mining is purely how "bitcoin is made,"" which is what you claim, though I never claimed it, and even if I did, how would you know, since you claim never to have read my comment?
With respect to your comment on miners, miners are needed to validate the blockchain, and thus transactions.  That doesn't mean that you can't transact.  You assume that there would be no miners who would process transactions that people might broadcast.
I did comment above that I wasn't making claims that people would be incentivized to mine.  I don't think there would be many miners (in a doom situation) actually. I did however point out that "Confirmations would likely take a very long time and you'd have to imbue the process with a certain amount of trust."  I didn't mention it, but the process of off-chain transactions (those that require trusting a third party and those that don't) would also be feasible.  [There is a wiki on that here](
Still, though, I think a better way would be NFC.  The more widespread this kind of use is the better. It would also encourage greater adoption in ordinary (not doom) times.
@_date: 2017-08-08 07:11:55
At which point hopefully you will have abandoned reddit and moved onto greater things, like private islands and high-level philanthropy. :-)
@_date: 2016-11-14 23:58:48
All the Democrats right now who wouldn't buy bitcoin because [Hillary Clinton told her close friends that it was bad]( - they should be wiping away their tears and buying bitcoin. (Review of different candidates' perspectives on bitcoin [here](
@_date: 2017-01-11 22:56:04
Glad to hear it works for you, but considering that P.R. taxes such transactions at (at least) 2 percent based on its HB 2191, it would seem that (hardware such as Trezor or installable software wallets such as Electrum) would be much more secure methods of transaction that would not subject the user to regulatory capture of users' funds.  Paypal on the other hand results in losses to the user to the extent that you do use it.
By the way, I will raise the same objections to the use of Coinbase and BitPay, which are web-based bitcoin services which have resulted in severe problems for many users, including a recent IRS court case which was launched against Coinbase users.  It would be better for people to avoid all web-based wallets, brokerages, and exchanges.  
@_date: 2017-08-08 06:33:35
and scramble some eggs
@_date: 2016-11-24 07:56:15
Yes, also I am curious to see the answer to [this question]( about the alerts which is posted in the bitcoin repository.
I know that it seemed to be [partially answered here]( but it definitely seems kind of unclear and something that people have just left hanging.
@_date: 2016-11-10 23:46:05
India's people, already suffering terribly, will die en masse as a result of this deeply flawed policy, unless those who are not already in [SystemD]( can manage a rapid shift to the black market.  Those that do will join the [bulk of the world that has already rejected the state](  Bitcoin will likely be tremendously helpful as India has already been a big adopter of bitcoin.  The Indian government is sending itself and its people off to their doom, and is likely setting itself up for a popular revolt.  
@_date: 2018-10-06 22:31:44
They do include the transactions, but it helps to have it set up so that the subsatoshi transactions are aggregated and reach a collective size where they can eventually be included on chain (for priority reasons). Both on chain and off chain transactions are possible at micro levels though as has been shown in exploratory examples of incorporating voluntary micro donations into the UI for settings in wallets. See  which was the precursor concept that led to subsatoshi.org development by ktorn et. al. Next up: a bitcoin wallet with the same voluntary micro donation concept as was successfully tested with the BCN GUI wallet.
@_date: 2016-12-07 09:12:49
[Mycelium LT]( or [Bitsquare](  
Alternatively you can try the ExchangeD.I2P (if you are running I2P) which has [a feature allowing you to trade btc for usd and vice versa](
@_date: 2017-01-24 07:30:25
Imaginary? Sorry, this conversation is over.
@_date: 2017-01-25 08:00:30
~ [Here are some related thoughts from July 2015 when discussions on fees were heating up once more](  (The ensuing issues and pull requests specific to fee related items that were ultimately merged are referenced at the bottom of the pull request linked above.)
cc @_date: 2017-01-30 17:31:43


Yep.  And as to the rest of the article, very interesting points by Lamoureux, who may well be right.  Headed for hyperinflation / other serious currency problems, general economic dip, followed by a bounce, IMHO.
@_date: 2016-11-24 05:17:27
[Here's my answer]( to your question about how I found out about it as an early investor / buyer.  
As noted in the interview cited above,
*I have been involved in cryptocurrencies, beginning with Bitcoin, since early 2011, just before bitcoin came to parity with the US dollar. I was asked to evaluate Bitcoin in Jan. 2011 by protest organizers who advocated for bitcoin use due to their thoughts on its potential for communication, censorship resistance, and alternatives to centralization. (Some organizers participated in Occupations on June 14, 2011, including a Zuccotti Park occupation which preceded and merged into Occupy protests that began Sept. 17, 2011.)  My earliest experience with Bitcoin led me to distrust MtGox (which I never used), to use Core, and redefine “transactions.”*
Like some other commenters here, I was before that time (actually way back in the mid-to-late 1990s if I recall correctly) using my simple computer to process SETI data as part of that distributed computing effort. At that time when I was starting to use Bitcoin Core one could still mine it (albeit not amazingly effectively) without specialized hardware and it was incredibly easy to get donations from people who just wanted to share it, or to get tiny amounts from faucets (which are still a thing, but the amounts that were then tiny (say in 2010 or 2011) are now today collectively worth much more).
@_date: 2017-08-27 23:55:48
It can be edited, obviously
@_date: 2016-11-24 09:49:43
Is it real?  Yes? No?  Who cares, [unless it's demonstrable](  
@_date: 2017-01-23 21:16:01
Amazing.  Thanks for sharing your 'bitcoins saved my ass' story. Very cool.
Note:  I am not Colin from coins.ph and have nothing to do with coins.ph but it is great that it all came together for you
@_date: 2016-11-18 20:02:52
Huge opportunity area.  I wonder if anyone else is picking up on exactly what you've pointed out.
@_date: 2016-12-22 20:32:07
Nearly 860 according to [preev]( Wow.  It's up there again.
@_date: 2016-12-26 21:46:22
Good point, I'm beginning to think this all needs its own thread on r/bitcoin (a thread covering things like mycelium gear, cryptopay.ninja, blockonomics.co, and similar things - whatever is based upon the idea that you should be able to do what you need to do (including accept payments on your website) without data being in someone else's custody) - e.g. "trustless or bust"
@_date: 2016-11-24 08:00:08
Actually, Bitcoin did thrive without "regulated and respectable on-ramps between traditional fiat and crypto" for a very long time.  People actually did things like ad-hoc decentralized trade long before you came along and started doing paid shilling for Coinbase.  
You may also want to read [this]( which describes how about 2/3rds of the world operates essentially in what is an unregulated market that has a larger collective value than the economy of any nation with the exception of the United States.  
Wake up, friend.
@_date: 2017-08-22 09:05:02
Excellence. This reminds me to set aside time and get back in touch with some of the devs via github and hopefully make a contribution or two.
@_date: 2016-11-15 00:29:18
Good article from coinjournal, plus thanks for the additional mention of these other coinjoin methods.
@_date: 2016-11-08 01:44:50
Agreed.  I am curious a.t.m. as to how Bitcoin might be used (outside of just [smart property context]( to observe and manage jointly-held property (for example, to serve as a system where people could establish that they are joint owners of some sort of machinery, perhaps if they are members of a collective whose members jointly own advanced machinery, or if they are members of a technate).  [See my thread on that subject here](  
@_date: 2016-11-24 05:05:37
Provide me with what you think is the definition of spam for this hypothetical example.  Cite bitcoin code and developer remarks from mailing list as part of your answer.  I'm not saying you don't know what spam is, but I just think people would benefit from seeing how you express it in writing here and describe its definition in the context of your suggested attack (which I think there is already a mitigation for, but go ahead and describe these details).
Note:  Please don't include things in "spam" definition merely on the basis of someone having an opinion that they are spam. 
@_date: 2016-12-02 23:02:16
I realized I only partially answered your question.  Here's another answer, that never got fair consideration when it was offered, but who knows, maybe now someone will look at it more seriously:  [Cameron Garnham's suggestion in mid-2015 of dynamic block size adjustment, which is a soft-fork approach, requiring only some agreement as to parameters](
(edit:  I remembered that this idea of Cameron Garnham's was also discussed [here on reddit also]( in the context of a "drive chains vs. side chains" discussion.)
Of course, when I pointed out on mailing lists before that this would be a good idea to consider, I was laughed at and ridiculed - by Bitcoin Core developers as well as people who just dropped in to comment.  But now I wonder if people would consider the idea more seriously.
@_date: 2016-12-22 07:12:07
Possibly add to this list Carl Icahn, [who seems poised to take some kind of role in helping to reduce rules](
@_date: 2016-12-11 01:43:11
Glad it's being posted here on reddit, but agreed, please post to bitcoin-dev mailing list, etc.
@_date: 2016-11-24 05:27:33
Do it then show me your result.  If you know what you are doing then you know what the definition of spam is and you can write a script for it and you probably also know that bitcoin devs have spent years discussing, doing pullreqs, and merging code for things relating to mitigating spam problems.  But go for it.  See if it works.  You may want to tell someone on mailing list what you are doing though or try sandboxing your idea first so it's not just straight to mainnet.
(Edit:  There might not be much point to doing it on mainnet anyway at a time when there are so many unconfirmed transactions, any effort you make would be diluted amongst the already existing noise.)
@_date: 2016-12-22 06:43:45
Right, that's because it's the 1999 version.  Specifically:  *The sovereign individual : mastering the transition to the information age. by Davidson, J. D. &amp; Rees-Mogg, L. W. (1999, 1st ed.) ~ New York: Touchstone / Simon &amp; Schuster, Inc.*
[See the various years / editions here](
@_date: 2016-11-12 04:12:59
[poolboy]( needs to be changed to poolbeing and needs an autopoolchange algo.  (I'm purposefully messing around with the language because there is more than one meaning for pool in bitcoin development (mempool, mining pool, etc).  In seriousness, though, I think an algorithm which would automatically change pools to decrease reliance upon large pools would be helpful.  Edit:  It would be in Core, and people could decide if they wanted to turn the autopoolchange on or off, so if they didn't like it they wouldn't have to run it like that.)
@_date: 2016-11-18 07:36:07
Good thing [I ditched Coinbase and all those other useless services over two years ago](  I recommend you do too.
@_date: 2016-12-22 07:47:48
Upvoting for peace and goodwill
@_date: 2017-01-24 09:28:37
I have one word for you:
@_date: 2016-12-22 20:28:33
Baby steps.  You know, maybe Gear is down the road a ways for them.  But still a possibility now.
@_date: 2016-12-09 10:58:29
Satoshi also put in preliminary code for decentralized markets (kind of what would be like OpenBazaar) in with the idea of having that as a feature, but it never got developed.  Eventually later developers stripped out the code.
@_date: 2016-11-12 04:35:27
OP, great idea, but you have the wrong page to contact the new administration on.  They now have a dot-gov page for the transition team, and there's a place where you can submit your ideas there now.  It's here:  
@_date: 2016-11-18 19:59:06
Yes, they do have exchanges, including electronic ones.  (Also I suspect some cash will continue to be available through the underground market, Colombians will make a killing in that respect, and if Venezuelan currency runs dry / proves to be useless to transact in, Venezuelans will probably just transact in a different currency.  The "basket of currencies" concept works here.)
@_date: 2016-11-07 08:14:55
Good point.
@_date: 2016-11-18 07:55:55
Quite enlightening.  India has seriously screwed itself over big time.  More people will turn to underground exchanges, and of course, to bitcoin.  Eventually some sort of economic revolt will overturn the idiotic policies they are now putting in place.  But for the meantime it will simply result in more interest in the underground economy / SystemD and in virtual currencies.
@_date: 2016-11-14 23:50:34
What I wonder about this, and I don't think that summary made clear, is will people still be able to use their existing P2SH multisig addresses without incident (or be able to continue to create standard P2SH multisig addresses), following SegWit activation?  And would we still be able to [relay OP_RETURN data TxOut as standard transaction type]( following SegWit activation?
@_date: 2016-11-11 10:28:56
You know, I thought about something like that occurring before you posted that.  I was wondering, wouldn't some enterprising government bureacrat just say, "hmm, well o.k., I'm going to eliminate two regulations then," and take the text of two regulations, combine them into one, and add on some more that they wanted to get adopted in the first place, and then claim they are complying with what they are supposed to do?
I think the only way to stop that kind of abuse would be to write the executive order or presidential memoranda to agencies in such a way that it makes clear that where two existing regulations must be eliminated in order to adopt a new federal regulation, you won't be allowed to keep or incorporate existing regulations into the new regulation you are creating.
@_date: 2016-11-10 23:34:35
I heard about this on the radio.  People in India are pissed because they can't get the cash they need out of banks.  This will certainly drive people even further into the black market (now for currency trading as well) and into [SystemD which is to say, that mostly unregulated market that nearly 2/3rds of the world now participates in](   
Finally, of course, even more people in India, who already have been big adopters of bitcoin, will continue to do so en masse as they see that their system is failing them.  
People will always find a way when the state goes nuts.  I laugh at the Indian government.
@_date: 2017-08-08 06:30:00
He's right and he's wrong.  There are ways around it, but it's like the cat-in-the-hat said.  "It's fun to have fun, but you have to know how."
@_date: 2016-12-02 22:40:29
Clearly, I must have nothing to offer.  Thank you for awakening me to this vital realization that I am, without a doubt, merely an idiot spreading FUD.  Were it not for your words, I would not have seen the light.  Thank you, kind entity, whoever you are.
It is clear that I have benefited greatly from [visiting your lake of wisdom]( Mighty Eagle!
@_date: 2016-12-19 07:39:17
Not exactly true..  I mean it is a well known fact that people who were rubbing neurons together in Venezuela saw this coming and have already made the transition -- [and it has been reported on]( even if there hasn't been tons of reporting on it.
@_date: 2016-11-20 22:20:42
I'm assuming some of this is a bit alarmist posting because, so far as I can tell, this wouldn't actually hurt functionality for anyone who has upgraded (or who has never installed before but is coming in doing an install for the first time).  I'm also assuming that the changes that have just happened aren't affecting [the ability of bitcoin to relay OP_RETURN data TxOut as standard transaction type](  (Note:  [Here's an example of a tx from today, not mine, which has OP_RETURN metadata I can read -- see output scripts]( so it seems to be working.)  Am I correct on these points?
@_date: 2016-11-24 07:48:11
Keep on telling yourself that.  I'm sure Coinbase's court action will prove really helpful to you.  You know, as opposed to actually avoiding the entity that is capturing and managing your data, [attempting to regulate your very identity]( [attempting to claim ownership of Bitcoin with various patent filings]( oh, and by the way, since [coinbase is a third party, not only do coinbase and paypal share information, but if you use coinbase, your information is shared with over 70 pages of organizations all over the world]( and while I'm on the topic, since coinbase is in fact subject to monitoring requirements for third parties, such as the cromnibus financial surveillance provision governing third parties, [much of the information they get from you will be subject to warrantless surveillance while in transit](  
While you are somewhat protected (if you are in California) due to CA privacy laws, they won't be a lot of help if you continue to use Coinbase, BitPay and the like:  You are screwing yourself big time. You using coinbase is kind of like the equivalent of the creature that won't make it in the grand scheme of evolution, even though you are feeding yourself and feeling nice about things right now.
@_date: 2016-12-19 07:25:46
Why not just burn it up for heat, or to cook food?  I'm guessing at least some people are already doing that there at this stage.  
Note:  When I lived in El Salvador as a US Peace Corps Volunteer (in the late nineties) I got 200 dollars per month.  I forget what it was in local currency there but it was always more than what I needed.  I think I visited a bank once every couple months at most.  Anyway... there wasn't a garbage service for the village(s) (or much of any kind of service come to think of it)... so if there was something we didn't need and couldn't reuse, repurpose, or recycle (e.g. melt down ourselves and make into something else), it would go into the burn pile.
@_date: 2016-11-25 04:35:12
You say that we are currently under a spam attack, which may contribute to delay temporarily, but the fact is that (and you didn't mention this) that usage has picked up for other reasons as well which is creating a backlog in the mempool.  For example, we are rolling into Bitcoin Black Friday at around the same time that an increase in interest in bitcoin has taken place in Venezuela, India, and China, and elsewhere.  A gradual increase in fees collected by miners has taken place, which was held down for 2014 and most of 2015, but which now has [gradually increased and shows no sign of stopping that increase](  Arguably a time-based expiration and floating relay fee [should have been included in Pull Request 6470]( or in [Pull Request 6722]( which was merged, but this did not happen and I think as a result, the absence of that was in part what led to the problem we see today.  
See statement from Wladimir from a while back which I assert still holds true today:
"[Mempool limiting and *dynamic fee determination* are superior to a static parameter change.](
@_date: 2016-12-22 07:38:04
[Focus on the message, not the messenger](
@_date: 2019-08-23 04:58:45
For the children!
This book is apparently for adults but there are now books about bitcoin for kids too. Nothing too wild, just simple concept.
@_date: 2016-12-21 02:46:44
I don't have any of it, but there is a [Trumpcoin alt](  Just FYI.
@_date: 2017-08-02 08:01:00
That's under 4 percent, though I submit certain of the "unknowns" are also quite risky.
@_date: 2019-08-06 13:59:21
Hi Europe!
@_date: 2016-12-09 10:20:04
@_date: 2018-06-21 19:36:00
I thought about it, but the level of apathy was so high after round 3 of defeating bitlicense in CA (and given my experience with some of my more recent posts on the subject) that I think it would not be worth it at this time. I also have to take into account that if I create a new post there's always the possibility someone could create a news story in one of the crypto outlets quoting me on reddit (it's happened before, not a bad thing but it just is something to consider) and right now, because the legislative outcome of the proposed bitlicense bills in the various states of concern in the post is basically _"the bills are dying and going nowhere,"_ I think it's fine that we not call additional attention to it.  Without much any more attention the bills will probably just continue to death spiral which is the most desired outcome.  I will keep tracking them anyway and if one of them "zombies up" (revives and proceeds to further votes or seems indicative that it might end up being pushed toward passage) then I will fire up the kittehs of hatred and call fire to be rained down on the bills from reddit, but for now it is all good, no new post needed.
@_date: 2016-12-21 02:35:39
Beware of the Coin Center, though.  Coin Center [has a track record of supporting horrible laws]( (like the original AB 1326, which proposed to make it illegal to use bitcoin, or anything else for that matter, as currency unless you had a permit from the State of California for all kinds of uses).  We defeated AB 1326 in CA when it first was brought up by Dababneh, a foaming-at-mouth CA legislator, at the time when Coin Center was ardently pushing for passage of AB 1326.  Only when millions of people erupted in a fit of rage in opposition to AB 1326 (and when Electronic Frontier Foundation joined in a campaign to fight AB 1326) did Coin Center back off and oppose AB 1326 - not the first time it was brought up, but the SECOND time it was brought up, and I imagine then only because they saw the writing on the wall and realized how stupid it would be to support it.
I wonder if Coin Center will oppose Dababneh's bill when it comes back a THIRD time in 2017?  (Because Dababneh has promised to bring it back.) 
[I discuss this issue more here as well as how to propose something that could get passed that will help, and not harm us as bitcoin users](  We can't accept Dababneh's legislation and we can't let Coin Center drive the agenda for what happens in California and the nation with respect to virtual currency law.
@_date: 2019-08-31 03:29:01
This is really encouraging. There are simultaneously concerns about what is going on with Europe and the Brexit situation but also some great points to observe in terms of progress here.
- The Wyoming model (hopefully more states continue to follow it in USA)
- The BaFin model (hopefully may continue in terms of ease of use following regulatory relationships this year - but seeing this is very encouraging)
- The Swiss model (potentially not as easy for companies to commit to as the prior two mentioned but also rather encouraging)
These models show that crypto-bank models are evolving in a manner inspired by exchanges and people who have long been in the crypto space.  More will thus emerge.
@_date: 2016-12-09 10:28:30
This is true but that's only based on people who do commits on their BitHub.  There's an incentive, right now the payout per commit is equal to 71.95 USD.   Easily visible BTC donation button (on the Open Whisper Systems page) would be better as a way to get donations.  Right now where do you go to donate?  Click somewhere it takes you to Freedom of Press.  Find the practically hidden red Donate button.  Then scroll down after reload to find the paypal or bitcoin.  Then if you've gotten this far and you haven't turned it off from boredom you wonder if your donation will get to Signal developers or if it will just get into Freedom of Press pool.  
I mean it is the suckiest donation system ever that they have set up right now.  They seriously need a BTC donation button set up on their Open Whisper System page.
***EDIT:  Don't even donate to Open Whisper Systems right now until they fix their shit.  [On their Bithub page where they solicit BTC donations]( when you click on the donate link, an actual Coinbase checkout dialog pops up.  [If you know what's good for you, you will avoid Coinbase like the friggin' plague](  I canceled my account with them years ago and I won't even send to an address where it is evident that it is Coinbase managed.***
***Open Whisper Systems knows better, they should be using [mycelium gear straight-server]( plus a wallet such as Core, Armory or the like.***  Not some web service shit like Coinbase that compromises them and anyone who donates to them.
@_date: 2016-12-21 02:49:35
Agreed most are doomed by math.  Various however will be sustained by worthwhile features.  Features are services of the crypto world.  In particular privacy and anonymity are top.
@_date: 2017-08-27 02:54:04
Can't emphasize that point enough. 
@_date: 2016-11-18 07:31:11
If that doesn't drive people to bitcoin I don't know what will.
@_date: 2018-06-22 15:38:16
@_date: 2019-08-06 14:10:35
Again the comparison to USD is often used in discussion of bull and bear markets so I think the whole definition and terminology needs re-evaluation. But right now stock movement on Dow and China uncertainty plus moves into Bitcoin from places that formerly couldn't get in as easily (Brazil being just one example) are driving demand for it, thus supply limitations and thus price increases when considered across a range of assets. Eventually however it will not be the rate at which one asset is exchanged for bitcoin that is interesting at all. 
It will be simply the rate that people receive some form of ROI based on their initial investment in a techno-coop which they have utilized bitcoin to enter into. At which point when a large or significant number of people have passive income from this in bitcoin form there simply will be far less use cases for fiat since people will be using bitcoin far more. See my older comments referring to r/vyrdism and techno-coop participation.
Edit: see also 
@_date: 2018-06-21 01:43:50
NOTE REGARDING THE ABOVE MENTIONED BILLS:  They are all currently not going anywhere and each appears unlikely to succeed, fortunately, but are still pending and need to be watched / monitored in case they are moved forward at any point. 
cc @_date: 2016-12-22 20:30:08
Very cool.  Thank you for that link.  That deserves post of its own on r/bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-12-22 03:54:01
Actually, it's not *The Sovereign Individual.*  I have the book where all these amazing predictions take place.  It also predicts the decline of seigniorage, for example.  
The proper name (plus version - year, edition) of the book (at least that which is responsive to the book page in OP's post, given that it refers to things that happened in 1997 and 1998) is:
*The sovereign individual : mastering the transition to the information age.*
*by Davidson, J. D. &amp; Rees-Mogg, L. W. (1999, 1st ed.) ~ New York:  Touchstone / Simon &amp; Schuster, Inc.*
(The best version to get is the one above, but it was originally published in 1997 with the same name, also published by Touchstone.  [All versions of the book are shown here](
Here's a nice quote from the book:
*“As ever more economic activity is drawn into cyberspace, the value of the state’s monopoly power within borders will shrink, giving states a growing incentive to franchise and fragment their sovereignty.” (p. 179)*
Interestingly, I actually used quotes from that book as part of an online dialogue in 2014 on "[What should be the purpose of wealth]( which was part of a project I helped develop called the [National Dialogue Network](  (The Dialogue Network is still active today and [is currently offering grants]( to fund dialogues for people who apply before the end of this year.)
If you appreciated this comment, and are feeling generous, please feel free to [help out a project of mine here](
@_date: 2019-08-05 17:13:19
Good points..
However, I think for you to have the resource tomorrow you need the "freedom" part and arguably the "inclusion" part too (as you have indicated). Why? If you are excluded at some org's total whim then bye-bye assets.
We could have a long discussion about OFAC stuff too - but more here is what system can you directly create. That then has its own unique terms in which inclusion, not exclusion, is the norm. Bitcoin is clearly part of the matrix of events here but it is not the totality of answer.
@_date: 2016-12-02 10:05:07
Well, PR 6722 got merged, and they did something like this:
Halflife set to:
if mempool is &lt; max_mempool_size / 4:
halflife = 3 hours
elif mempool &lt; max_mempool_size / 2:
halflife = 6 hours
halflife = 12 hours.
When halflife is &lt; minRelayTxFee (1000 satoshisPerKb), it is rounded down to 0 and free relay is re-enabled.
It seems to me that whatever was put in as a mempool expiry at that point just wasn't really sufficient for the demand that was about to come.  It just wasn't evident at that time.
As morcos pointed out in that PR, there was bad logic for the mempool.  They ended up merging it but it messed things up down the road.
Core is now at 0.13.1, yep, PR 6722 is now part of Core. 
In 0.12 release notes they tried to explain this as follows:
"0.12 will have a strict maximum size on the mempool. The default value is 300 MB and can be configured with the -maxmempool parameter. Whenever a transaction would cause the mempool to exceed its maximum size, the transaction that (along with in-mempool descendants) has the lowest total feerate (as a package) will be evicted and the node’s effective minimum relay feerate will be increased to match this feerate plus the initial minimum relay feerate. The initial minimum relay feerate is set to 1000 satoshis per kB."
Here's a classic example of [a foolish idea, which sadly got merged]( which was focused on "fighting" certain types of bitcoin uses but never addressed the real problems we are seeing today.
Also, no they never really did a floating relay fee.  See, for example, [here]( and [here](
notes: a mempool is not necessarily needed (e.g., relay nodes would not need to be using a mempool; the wallet nodes, however, would be using a mempool).
    Examining how a mempool is to be limited:
   
    a) time based expiration + natural block confs,
    b) an absolute cap, to deal with short term traffic bursts. good local node defense.
    c) a floating relay fee, to deal with floods (the latter of which has not been done)
Note the strict maximum size on the mempool and the failure to add policy relating to the floating relay and other issues, plus additional interest in and demand for bitcoin as I have previously mentioned, is causing this problem.
@_date: 2016-12-02 17:31:21
Doesn't work very much like a floating relay fee should, does it?  Like [this one]( which to the best of my knowledge never got added in?  And isn't the mempool still mostly full right now?  Sounds like there are improvements to be made.  Anyway thank you for your efforts.
@_date: 2019-08-07 05:51:57
@_date: 2016-12-02 10:48:58
No, not really.  They have implemented something that kicks out some transactions and expires some which are hanging around the mempool for a long time but there are certain things that were originally intended to be incorporated which were cherry picked out and thus never made it in moving forward.  No need for me to continue to document this.  Just watch the mempool keep filling up.  Cheers.
@_date: 2016-11-18 08:19:24
There is no justification to putting any bitcoin in a web-based exchange (although using a decentralized exchange can be o.k. if you know how to use it).  Anyone who buys or sells coin via a web-based exchange is screwing themselves, plain and simple.
@_date: 2016-12-22 06:39:14
Thanks for posting this link to the book with the title "The sovereign individual : how to survive and thrive during the collapse of the welfare state" -- bookzz.org describes it as being 1997, but I think that version of it was actually published in 1999. [All versions of the book are shown here](
@_date: 2016-11-07 09:05:35
Suppose I had some kind of informational reference in a transaction (it could be a multisignature transaction) to a property that the transaction was intended to be associated with (this additional information would be less than eighty bytes).  Might this information be able to be used to link one multisignature transaction to another (where each transaction has information less than eighty bytes which corresponds in some way to said property)?  (Thus providing the ability to link M-of-N transactions to each other ad infinitum for a large group (or pool) of persons [where each person can participate in making a transaction] who wish to co-own some sort of property and each have proof that they are part owners of said property.)
*(Note:  [Per bitcoinwiki]( "Pay-to-script-hash provides a means for complicated transactions, unlike the Pay-to-pubkey-hash, which has a specific definition for scriptPubKey, and scriptSig. The specification places no limitations on the script, and hence absolutely any contract can be funded using these addresses.")*
Assuming this could be done without incident, what would be the best way to (easily) see messages [in such OP_RETURN outputs](  (I note that we can see a lot of blockstore OP_RETURN outputs at [coinsecrets]( and that "blockstore" is equivalent / links to [blockstack]( due to that they've renamed it.  However, I'm interested in examining how the above proposal {to link M-of-N transactions to each other on a grand scale for a large group (or pool) of persons who would use the OP_RETURN outputs attached to transactions} could be performed purely within Bitcoin without installing or requiring anything else.)  I'm also curious, how would one who wanted a long-term record of their co-ownership of some property in this scenario, using this metadata, be able to display to someone that they actually are a co-owner of something [in light of the pruning factor](  Does the pruning of this data that would occur periodically (and changes to ownership) imply that the data would need to periodically be stored off-chain?
Any answers to these questions would be greatly appreciated.
@_date: 2016-11-24 10:14:33
I hadn't thought of it that way.
@_date: 2019-08-05 06:51:18
Well for sure some. But I think that varies by subreddit as to shadowban? I am banned or shadowbanned in some subs but I am ok here.
@_date: 2016-12-02 18:15:03
So, everything works perfectly then.  I see it's back to the denial choo-choo for the dev team.  Thanks, ciao
@_date: 2016-11-24 05:10:07
You know they are reporting all this to the IRS, right?  Which by the way has filed an action in court to get info from Coinbase (and soon any other web-based service)?  They have no respect for the user.  As other commenters here have noted, their interest simply is to "operate in a legally compliant manner" which basically means screwing you over!  **Respect yourself.**  Avoid Coinbase, Bitpay, etc.  If you want to do exchange, use Mycelium LT or Bitsquare.
Take my advice, don't shoot yourself in the foot, avoid Coinbase!
@_date: 2016-12-02 08:03:35
It's not an attack.  It's happening because developers never put in the time based expiration and floating relay fee, [as I explained here](  You could still go back into the old PRs and suggest it be revisited.
From what I can tell, it looks like devs eventually thought about providing something like a floating relay fee, "[by not accepting lower fee transactions anymore as the mempool grows fuller, but without explicitly changing the "nMinRelayFee" variable.](  This however did not get merged, and even if it had the code that was being contemplated would not have achieved the true "time based expiration and floating relay fee" that was originally discussed.
It just seems like it hasn't been adequately discussed, this issue of time based expiration and floating relay fee.  It got left behind a while back and needs to be revisited.
@_date: 2019-10-20 01:57:43
Not any, but many. The quad core ones on the market now aren't bad. Some folks have also toyed around with mining shitcoins on quadcore phones.  There is a lot you can do on the newer phones.
It has been suggested that you can run bitcoin core and lightning side by side on your Android device or smart TV as well, though I think there are some kinks to be worked out in this method: 
The author does mention that it will take a day to sync on the smartphone, but honestly if you can get it to work and only have to wait a day for sync that is not bad, imho.  I have had some terrible sync waits with other crypto experiments.
@_date: 2019-08-05 17:54:33
Decade? In a decade there will be Jetson robot farms which are fractionally owned. Maybe in 8 years or less. Look up IronOx (  Ultimately you would be able to buy in as part owner of robots for price of cup of coffee using bitcoin - Lightning and get ongoing passive income corresponding to your investment in the robot fleet.
Stuff like that.
I think several US states already have tokenization of property protected by state law as of end of this year. WY most prominently. So I said 8 years but actually more like 3?
See also r/vyrdism - go wild
Example:  (post archived, np link provided)
@_date: 2019-08-31 03:33:06
What is the recipe for the best hamburger?
@_date: 2019-08-06 14:00:49
Hey mate
@_date: 2016-12-02 09:37:16
I agree that they are only part of the solution.
@_date: 2018-06-23 18:52:09
Agreed that Samourai has best privacy code development and most excellent offerings to the public generally. (Also am glad they are not accepting/implementing BIP70.) Would be neat to see Samourai get some of their PRs accepted in Core and Trezor repos.
@_date: 2016-12-01 18:16:45
All good points, I sort of assumed that people in Spain still used both the peseta and the euro, but apparently after doing some more reading I realize they are actually using the euro post-2002.  
I got a kick out of this little blurb from the wikipedia post on pesetas though:
*"Peseta notes issued since 1939 and coins that were legal tender on 31 December 2001 remain exchangeable at any branch of the Spanish Central Bank until 31 December 2020. According to that entity, as of March 2011 pesetas to a value estimated at 1.7 billion euros had not been converted to euro.*
*Huge amounts of pesetas of dubious provenance are believed to have helped to fuel a cash-based money laundering real estate boom just prior to, and after, the conversion to the euro. Mafia and criminal holdings of billions of pesetas were poured into massive real estate projects in Spain and elsewhere; the real estate could then be legally sold to obtain euros."*
I do think there will be growing interest in Spain in bitcoin (see examples of current interest in bitcoin in Spain [here]( and [here]( plus see this article on it [in cryptocoins news here]( but I do agree the learning curve and other factors will at least initially make it easier to do business in banks in neighboring countries or in mobile nonbank options.  One interesting development, though I'm not sure how widespread it has become in Spain yet, was the introduction of a system that was advanced by Amir Taaki:
*"Chip Chap can convert euros to Bitcoin and vice versa, and users can withdraw their converted bitcoin as cash at thousands of ATMs located around Europe without a bank card, just a phone.*
*“You enter your phone number and the quantity you want to withdraw, then you are given an address and you send the Bitcoin there. After you send it, you will receive a code. You can use this at the ATM to receive cash through a system called Halc​ash which is widely deployed in Spain and throughout Europe,” [Taaki explained](
***edit:  according to Chip Chap, [their system is available at over 10,000 ATMs in Spain to do this]( and in 16 countries around the world.***
I don't live there so I haven't had a chance to try it out to see if that even works, but it sure sounded interesting.
@_date: 2016-12-08 07:04:38
I like what you are doing (I have been recommending people avoid Coinbase (brokerage/wallet), Bitpay, web-based exchanges, etc.) and I've been [recommending people use Bitsquare for a long time now]( and I think that no AML/KYC is ever needed for this.  I've implied as much in [a pull request to CCSS]( -- [here's one that I got merged that was more minor in nature]( that favors decentralization of access / authentication methods (instead of disclosing one's personal identity to services and governments).  Keep up the good work.  
Curious what your thoughts are on Chip Chap which [apparently has become a kind of a big deal in Spain and elsewhere](  *"Chip Chap can convert euros to Bitcoin and vice versa, and users can withdraw their converted bitcoin as cash at thousands of ATMs located around Europe without a bank card, just a phone."*
Another question:  Since the CA legislature is back in session, and this time they have a supermajority (in both houses of the legislature... not good), what are your thoughts on how best to get them to adopt something positive?  We stopped AB 1326 twice, but this time I don't think we'll be able to stop them again.  [I have a suggestion as to what I think we should ask them to pass]( instead of their twice-failed anti-bitcoin bill.
@_date: 2019-10-15 12:23:56
Laugh if you will, but recall that for four straight years the political majority in California has been attempting to pass legislation equivalent to NY bitlicense. Due to intense community opposition, the California legislature failed for the fourth straight year and that legislation is unlikely to be revived; meanwhile other states (WY, others) have developed better models with legislation more encouraging to firms and innovators.
I mention this because apathy does not help you stop the regulatory circumstances of the kind we've seen develop in (California, India, Venezuela, etc). Instead, public interest and people being willing to take a stand are what make a difference.
@_date: 2019-08-09 01:58:31
Hey OP, thanks for posting. Wanted to mention this past reference to M2. I no longer will compare bitcoin to M2 actively (unless asked I guess) because it doesn't make sense to, being as bitcoin is far more valuable (than fiat) but not merely in some monetary comparison - rather, in the sense of general utility beyond monetary purpose as well which is beyond scope of this thread.
But M2, ok, here is the old M2 (considered at Aug. 2, 2017, two years ago) for comparison to today:
cc: u/TheRealCryptKeeper u/tonywang896
@_date: 2016-12-02 10:23:32
Well, when you said "not enough capacity" I was thinking of how people could be [incentivized to use full nodes](  This has been discussed elsewhere, but not a lot, [and some incentives are being given](
@_date: 2017-08-22 09:17:50
Let me be clear about a few things which I will expound upon in a lengthy comment below in great detail:
Fuck all these people, we will keep doing what we want with this code.
And you can "take that to the network" (but not to the bank).
(With that said, I appreciate whenever someone makes another post on reddit giving us a heads up of yet another CA / NY style plot or Congressional scheme to "make crypto mainstream and nice for industry" a.k.a. attempting to bathe bitcoin in the blood of bureacracy, licensing and bullshit until people suffer just trying to use it.  So thank you to OP.)
@_date: 2016-11-24 05:38:40
Fucking hilarious
@_date: 2016-11-15 00:13:03
OK, thanks.  (I assume you meant yes to both things.)
@_date: 2016-11-18 20:07:08
Oh, o.k.  So because many people now use Coinbase or Bitpay, I should just advise users to keep [crashing themselves into the sun]( I suppose?
@_date: 2019-08-07 05:51:40
Friendly laws. Check it.
@_date: 2019-10-19 01:44:35
Toot toot!
@_date: 2016-12-19 08:14:34
Read [this]( - the whole thing.  Then you get a better idea of what various people are doing there.  
There are also plenty of people there using faucets but this doesn't get you as much, obviously, even though the Venezuelan state is keeping electricity on for as long as it can.  (Imagine what you could do in that situation, not having to pay for electricity.)
There is also some evidence that (some) Venezuelans are starting to look into Bitsquare.  A good thing because it is a solid, decentralized / distributed exchange which does not require interaction with institutions / regulated entities.
Another thing to consider is that people aren't considering themselves limited to just one currency.  By default, "basket of currencies" is in effect especially when the main one that is acceptable in a country is useless.  So for example if people make runs to Venezuela (and they do) from Colombia providing cash in exchange for food or services (note 2000 Colombian pesos is approximately 1 USD) then that will be part of the mix too, as well as barter, IOU, and whatever people can do (being creative).  Maduro is trying to close the border to Colombia now, apparently he wants to kill Venezuelans, it's not enough he fucked it up this bad.  The Colombians however, in my personal experience, will not be deterred.  You do not screw with them.
Glorious socialism (being sarcastic here).  Welp, by the time this crash is good and done at least they'll be rid of that shit system [and Maduro along with it](
@_date: 2019-08-05 17:12:34
Funny, a few days ago I heard a true story about how someone's grandpa got into bitcoin. Will see how that goes but it was neat. Last year I saw on someone's Spanish language cryptotwitter how she intro'd bitcoin to her abuela. Was totally cute. I almost shed a widdle tear. Adoption.
@_date: 2016-12-02 17:27:55
I don't want to get into a beetle battle with you.  You're a smart person.  I will differ with you on this issue though.  Have a good day.
@_date: 2019-08-05 17:20:40
Hm. Head over to dissenter.com I guess? Still examining it to see workability in re. Lightning etc
@_date: 2016-11-30 07:59:57
Great article and reference to HardenedLinux. Good comments in this thread too.  A few things I think are worth noting:
1) Rule 41 amendments, resulting in remote access / expanded hacking authority in the US, are about to go into effect Dec. 1.  Call 1-919-FREEDOM before Dec. 1 to express your concern to Congress about it.  
In the U.S., to donate to the EFF, which is most likely to be taking the lead in any court case against the Rule 41 amendments, [donate here]( (This week, it's matching, so if you provide for example a 5 dollar one time donation, it results in EFF getting 10 dollars because some generous donor somewhere is matching your donation this week.)
From any country, to donate to an organization called Liberty which has publicly committed to challenging the Snooper's Charter (the new U.K. surveillance law which includes a remote hacking provision, which allows U.K. officials to conduct hacking and remote access against both U.K. citizens as well as targets around the world, amongst other things) in court, [go here and click on the 'support us' tab](
2) Although [we've beat back AB 1326 (California's virtual currency law) a few times - twice actually]( California's Democrats now have supermajority in both houses of the CA Legislature.  Expect a bill like AB 1326 to be reintroduced in January 2017 and for the battle to begin again.  After all, Dababneh [promised us he'd return with yet another nightmare bill attacking virtual currency users](  The guy is really a world-class asshole.
Here are my thoughts on [what we need to do in the process of fighting the nasty bill]( that Dababneh is likely to (re)introduce.
I have [some additional thoughts, too, on what we can suggest in the way of floating ideas for a virtual currency bill that's favorable to individuals and businesses, and government]( (assuming the State of California doesn't go nuts and reject what is a perfectly reasonable proposal).  Let me know what you think. 
@_date: 2019-08-07 05:52:28
Best in la USA.
@_date: 2019-10-05 08:48:27
@_date: 2019-08-05 06:49:00
Hey I am one of those (refer to your username) too! Somehow bridging gap between the "using bitcoin since no-one knew what it was" crowd and "using Russian firearms with receiver over 120 y/o based on a date under tang" crowd.
Can't please everyone but then again that is not what I am here for anyway.
Forward bitcoiiiinnn
@_date: 2019-08-05 17:49:17
No, um, that is not the point of this but thx for looper sarcasm.
@_date: 2019-08-06 13:56:24
Please do not take tax advice from people here. This is reddit. Ditto for twiatter. Etc. Go see your tax lawyer. Likewise please ignore the growing number of people on here that claim to be "crypto tax experts." They may or may not be CPAs and usually are just trying to shill an online product.
- DO NOT take advice from people on social media about taxes and crypto.
- DO consult your tax lawyer (but don't trust me! DYOR! Etc)
- DO NOT reply to this comment
- DO take stuff you have questions, concerns about to your personal CPA and as mentioned submit tax lawyer, if your situation is more complex and involves corps, trusts, etc please take the time you know you need.
- Do not hesitate to use resources at your disposal for _appeals_ if you are contending with illogical determinations (I've done that successfully, but only with help of a tax lawyer).
@_date: 2016-11-10 23:28:08
Exactly.  Also, the IRS may just be coming to this issue a bit too late.  Per the [Trump Contract with America]( (which I'm guessing at least some of which will start happening January 20, 2017), there would be, and I quote, **"a requirement that for every new federal regulation, 
two existing regulations must be eliminated."**  Take that, IRS.
@_date: 2016-11-18 08:10:48
You guys should know then that in California, there is no good argument for you releasing user's first and last names, because arguably under California privacy laws if you were to release the user's information without the user's consent in this framework you'd be doing so to an "unauthorized person" - which is a violation of state law.  See [AB 1710 (2013-2014)](  That's just one.. there are numerous other State (and some federal) privacy laws to contend with that you'll probably be violating here by throwing client information into the laps of the feds.
Also, I suspect that if you proceed with this, anyone you target will go to the [EFF]( who will then happily represent them, and you'll have a years-long lawsuit on your hands.  
I'll keep on encouraging people not to use Coinbase... as I have been for the past several years.
@_date: 2019-08-05 18:07:48
Woah - ty!!!
@_date: 2018-06-21 07:47:13
It would appear that North Carolina's state bill to create some version of a state licensing scheme has passed, whereas all the bills in the states mentioned above have failed, so no reason except as an update on the status of bitlicense bills in those states mentioned above.  (There is no reason to create a new post on it, but it seemed appropriate to provide an update.)
@_date: 2018-06-21 18:04:42
Yeah, bitlicense was defeated 3 times in CA including defeat of AB 1123 and other(s). We realized it was likely it was going to be brought back a fourth time so things had to be stepped up a notch.  The author of the bitlicense in CA (who was doing it primarily at the request of certain banks) won't be bringing that back, because he was forced out of office after it was revealed various scandals he had been involved with.  Just look up "Dababneh" in the news.  He was the bills' author.
So yeah for now you are "just" dealing with whatever business license (probably state license for your business and local business license) you need to get to run a business.  But that's correct, no bitlicense ever required in CA.  No worry there.  But be vigilant in case another legislative idiot tries to introduce it again.
Edit:  If you are an exchange operator / money transmitter for other people you have other worries and requirements, go see a lawyer to figure out your licensing requirements.  If you are just a business owner accepting bitcoin in CA as one of your payment options or a standard bitcoin user or running your own Core node or LN node, there's nothing special needed for that, you are good.
@_date: 2016-11-18 19:54:11
In the case of India, I think individuals from surrounding countries (Pakistan, Jammu/Kashmir, Tibet, Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh) are going to make bank on this through underground cash exchanges.  The biggest players will probably be from Pakistan and Bangladesh who already run cash anyway.  (Some parts of Pakistan, such as [Darra]( are also considered to be home to some of the best gun makers and traders in the region, so you get the idea.)
I agree that Venezuela is pretty much screwed.  A major recalibration and economic revolution (and likely violent revolution) is in order there to overturn these kind of policies that simply don't let people live.  In the short term some underground cash inflow may be available from the place where we all know that cash is always flowing:  Colombia, Venezuela's next-door neighbor.
@_date: 2016-12-22 07:18:07
Next step:  [Red pill]( the Chinese supplier entirely and convince supplier to use [Mycelium Gear with straight server](   When using Core or Electrum (as examples) to generate address in this scenario you avoid all issues and problems associated with services such as pay.btcc.com, Coinbase, Bitpay etc.
Inb4 you ask:  Rather than using centralized exchanges, the red pilling should extend to encourage use of [bitsquare]( which, by the way, does allow for exchange of Chinese yuan for BTC and vice versa.
@_date: 2019-10-19 02:50:18
  (by ABISprotocol in collaboration w/ ktorn)
  (by ktorn, et. al.)
(Both were created in concept, then eventually tested, before Segwit and Lightning emerged, but it was agreed that Segwit and Lightning would be needed for these ideas of ABIS and subsatoshi to be implemented logically.)
Some reddit reflections:
@_date: 2019-08-06 14:00:02
First rule
@_date: 2019-10-19 02:14:13
Thanks for the link, but that was dated March 2019, I am guessing the NMLS info is more current.
@_date: 2016-12-07 10:31:58
It can work with or without one, depending. Try it out.
@_date: 2019-10-15 12:16:31
Recommend you follow the case since it is one of those that would affect the nature of public access to bitcoin exchanges in India as I understand it. The case was brought up / initiated by the people who created the 1st bitcoin exchange in India.
@_date: 2019-10-19 02:36:26




I really don't think this is true. It is true that fed laws are bad, that in NY there in bitlicense regulation, that in CA (and some other states) we have had to fight off bitlicense proposals in legislatures for years. That's discouraging at best with respect to those states.
But not all states have taken a posture hostile to innovators. Few have. In fact, some (one state in particular) recently has made a unique effort to welcome bitcoiners and innovators of all types. 
@_date: 2019-10-19 02:22:38
Based on what can be seen in the NMLS link that was provided by OP, the following is shown:
An agreement - Alaska - dated 11/08/2018
A Civil Penalty - Ohio - dated 04/29/2019
A Consent Agreement - Ohio - dated 04/26/2019 
The various money transmitter licenses were voluntarily surrendered, looks like mostly around 7/2019 but dates vary by state I suppose. They had various MTLs. (Not a ton, but some.)
Most likely is that these items, being from earlier in 2019, don't represent whatever the company is planning to do next, they are a part of it. I don't make any statements here for or against Poloniex, just that the documents seen above are likely just part of the picture.
@_date: 2016-12-01 00:01:54
Unsurprising, Spain has been in dire circumstances for a while now..  I read a few articles talking about how some people were so depressed (in Spain) about how horrible their economy was and their lost savings and no jobs and so forth that they had resorted to suicide (which had increased).  On the other hand I read some other articles which took a bit more upbeat note suggesting that while Spain had not managed to put its government back together (essentially operating without a government for however many months now) people had figured out how to operate in a mostly voluntary context.  People have to figure out a way to function even if government cannot.
What's left of Spain's "government" is just making it harder for people to withdraw national currency, which will make that currency more useless and which will contribute to more underground currency trading from various countries surrounding Spain (like what's happening now in India and Venezuela -- which also have put in severe capital controls, where countries surrounding them now have the opportunity to pipe in various currencies for the underground currency exchange).
Then there is cryptocurrency - bitcoin and others.  More people will get into this from Spain, Venezuela, India, China, etc., we see this happening on the world stage. People from India and China are already huge adopters of bitcoin.  There are mechanisms that don't rely on regulated markets (e.g. Mycelium LT, Bitsquare, etc.) that people can and will use to perform exchanges. People prefer to use a "basket of currencies" approach rather than being tied to their country's shitty, failing fiat currency.  The additional demand for this (bitcoin, other decentralized / distributed virtual currency) is only going to drive the price up.  It's a bit concerning short-run but I think that in the long haul it will be positive for adoption.
( edit:  ***down with u/spez*** )
@_date: 2016-11-18 08:31:39
[New update on this, from Electronic Frontier Foundation, as of November 17, 2016](  Unfortunately, still no resolution or answers from Lynch, but some Congressmembers have decided to forge ahead and try to create a legislative solution to see if it will stick.
@_date: 2019-10-15 18:46:26
Thanks for the update! Let's keep an eye on it here.
@_date: 2019-02-26 12:39:34
This is called net outmigration or the great California exodus. I think the Manhattan Institute did a study on it. Eventually the California Legislative Analyst office also studied why people (individuals and businesses) leave California so frequently. I think the Leg Analyst's study was issued in 2017. The members of the Legislature, who I think probably never bothered to take the Legislative Analyst report on outmigration seriously, still haven't figured out what you succinctly and correctly summarized.
@_date: 2016-12-22 08:10:38


That's probably the case.
@_date: 2019-06-30 12:04:58


Agreed as to that. It seems hard for them to justify much if any sort of "autistic intervention" (Rothbardian term) here.
@_date: 2019-06-30 11:10:13


Explain. (Or maybe you missed the relatively irreverent tendency of many bitcoiners towards underperforming institutions since... 2009? Regardless, this is not spamming.)
@_date: 2019-08-23 04:59:30
Nice work. Keep writing.
@_date: 2019-06-20 04:03:07
You are right, but how would you explain signature and proof issues to a judge (in a way the judge might comprehend in a few seconds)? I welcome your comments..
Edit: whatever your reply, please don't say you would try to explain hard forks and "changes to v0.16.2" (or some other version later on) to a judge. He would laugh you out of the courtroom.
Nor would most judges admit this Bitcoin wiki as evidence (though perhaps they should):
@_date: 2019-02-26 13:12:57
What do you mean by terminals?
Regarding "its own nation," that question was resolved by the Civil War. Most states have floated secession proposals, some have tried multiple times. None have ever been successful and for good reason.
A subdivision of an existing U.S. State is Constitutionally permissible, but unlikely to occur. Secession is impermissible, and states don't have rights - they have powers.
@_date: 2019-02-09 04:24:20
@_date: 2019-02-26 12:32:02
SolarCrypto quoted it selectively, and is wrong. Read the bill yourself in its entirety. I linked to it in the post.
In point of fact, the bill "the bill "(...)applies to: (1) a person or transaction governed by the Uniform Regulation of Virtual Currency Businesses Act; and (2) a user that is not a resident if the user or transaction with the user would be governed by the Uniform Regulation of Virtual Currency Businesses Act if the user were a resident."
Apart from that, any transaction _not explicitly exempted_ is simply not permitted. I'm not the one misleading people here - the State is, by proposing this.
But tl;dr if you don't want to read it (and I encourage you to read the horrible thing that it is - which is why I provided the link directly in the post), the position of SolarCrypto diminishes and ignores the very real impacts the bill would have on individuals and businesses. Language just like AB 1489 (which is a variant of what we've seen proposed before in California) has been defeated multiple times here and for good reason. As I pointed out elsewhere though, the best way to stop things like this is in Committee. Don't wait for a veto that will never be issued.
@_date: 2019-06-20 16:23:13
Same "expert" system that put people away for life that were later exonerated of murder? Right. "Experts."
@_date: 2016-11-15 00:46:02
Good writeup and procedure, but as Peter stated, it's pretty much all crypto hocus pocus until audited.
@_date: 2019-06-30 15:35:15
Try following the link?
@_date: 2019-06-30 15:36:21
Stickerizing is what it is called. Try it sometime.
@_date: 2019-08-02 01:03:11
@_date: 2019-06-20 22:57:39


Go ahead, tell it to a judge. Dare you.
@_date: 2019-02-22 22:04:37
This gave me an idea. Why not a lightning powered bullet caster or a lightning powered Ghostgunner that spits out a finished receiver whenever the lightning amount accumulates to a sufficient degree? Why not a lightning powered anti-legislator, that accumulates tips for any legislator voting to oppose or overturn bitlicense? How about a lightning powered lemonade stand so that kids can get funded even before the client arrives at the lemonade stand or table? So many possible applications.
When life gives you lemons, use lightning!
@_date: 2019-06-30 15:35:44
@_date: 2019-06-29 20:05:10
Did he actually say that? I just put in quotes word for word one thing he said. If you have a minute / second for your quote pls post so it will help us find it.
@_date: 2019-06-20 04:02:14
You are correct. It's unspendable.  (I mentioned that in the first comment in this thread earlier today, so you are telling me what I am already certain of.)  I don't know how I would explain the intricacy of a Satoshi proof or falsehood to a judge.
I did try though. I am curious how you would explain faketoshi to a judge and how you would describe what faketoshi must accomplish to prove his wild claims.
@_date: 2019-02-23 07:02:22
Agreed. See 
@_date: 2019-02-26 23:41:52
You can argue it anyway you like but make sure you get off of reddit and onto calling the affected State legislature (links shown in an above comment describing bill numbers, states, link to legislatures and governors). 
That is, I hope you call _unless_ you are in favor of the bills - in which case, if you do support these bills in any way, I honestly hope you will never call a legislator on any of these. It seems proponents of these bills don't even have to advocate for their bitlicensy position - the banks are literally bankrolling advocacy for this crap which is why grassroots opposition is so important here.
@_date: 2019-02-16 06:58:38
Would like to hear more about this nonprofit. I authored abis.io so I am always looking out for the philanthropic side of bitcoin including nonprofits that accept it. Tell me more.
@_date: 2019-02-26 13:07:27
Maybe. CoinCenter used to support a prior bitlicense proposal (which was defeated in California, fortunately) but recently the CoinCenter folk seem to have turned around and can be seen advocating against various state licensing proposals. Contact them and see if you can get them to oppose the California, Oklahoma, Nevada, and Hawaii bills I mentioned above. I sincerely hope CoinCenter does step up to help us defeat these bills we now see in various states. CoinCenter did a great job before US Congress not so long ago, explaining bitcoin. I was highly critical of CoinCenter before (a few years ago), but I am now hopeful they will join forces with EFF and Bitcoin Foundation to oppose these bills.
**EDIT; Never mind what I said about Coin Center. I retract my above compliment of them. I was not aware until today that _Coin Center is behind AB 1489 (2019) just as ULC is. They are both party to this evil, so it would be fruitless to ask Coin Center to oppose a bill they helped create._**
Ask EFF to oppose the bitlicense bills, please.
@_date: 2019-02-23 21:54:05
Good question. Probably safe bet that they'll be better off (less subject to expensive lawsuits) once they either modify or remove their asset seizure laws by way of their local legislative body (Town or City Council, Board of Sups, other).
@_date: 2019-02-26 13:28:07








Being part of the bitcoin economy is the real resistance. People can run around on the street and shout if they like. That goes nowhere. It accomplishes little. By participating in alternative systems, however small your participation, you will be doing a lot.
Using bitcoin requires no violence. Passing and enforcing bills into laws like those bills  discussed in this thread, requires organized violence by the State to be directed against the general population, in order to enforce such laws. I don't want to make the mistake that the State of California, with its violence and lack of reason, is already making. I'd rather have my resistance be simply acquiring bitcoin and stopping whatever bad bills I can.
The more we accomplish merely by 
"switching it up" to use an alternative economic system, bitcoin, the more that the grasping, desperate states will try to keep you from doing so. This is the measure of our success. And where states like California might "succeed" in passing some outlandish bills, they then lose our revenue as we move to friendlier locales.
Vote with your wallet.
@_date: 2016-11-18 19:49:23
I think it would be arguable in court (though I'm not a lawyer) that ToSs that violate fundamental privacy laws can be held as void (or at least invalid within the context of their usefulness to facilitate presentation of evidence).
@_date: 2019-02-24 22:54:13
STOP USING COINBASE.
Longer comments: 
@_date: 2019-02-26 12:02:34
You missed a few things.
Additionally, your comments above were in fact factually incorrect as I will describe below.
1) I linked to the text of the bill in my post for AB 1849. It's shit on steroids. Seen it before (we've defeated bills almost exactly like it).
In pertinent part, "The bill would prohibit a person from engaging in virtual currency business activity, or holding itself out as such, unless licensed or registered with the Department of Business Oversight, subject to a variety of exemptions." Going on, you could debate the fine points. But it is bitlicense, pure and simple. You can doll it up if you like. I choose not to. We have defeated bills with exactly this language over and over here. This is getting old.
But I will quote some other choice parts of it.
As proposed, "the bill would provide that a licensee or registrant, as described above, is a securities intermediary and that the control of virtual currency by the licensee or registrant for the benefit of the user creates a securities account of which the user is the entitlement holder."
What is a licensee under the bill? "“Licensee.” Paragraph (9) of subdivision (a) of Section 3102 of the Financial Code." Note that Section 3102 DOES NOT EVEN EXIST in the California Financial Code. So a Licensee could be ANYTHING AND ANYONE.
But maybe they meant to type Section 31502. That section reads: "No licensee shall, except with the prior approval of the commissioner, enter or carry on its books or records any asset at a valuation exceeding the actual cost of such asset to such licensee." As quoted from: 
Pretty screwed up dinosaur level socialism if you ask me. Simple response: OPPOSE THIS GARBAGE BILL.
Also, as proposed, the bill
"(...)applies to:
(1) a person or transaction governed by the Uniform Regulation of Virtual Currency Businesses Act; and
(2) a user that is not a resident if the user or transaction with the user would be governed by the Uniform Regulation of Virtual Currency Businesses Act if the user were a resident."
So not only does it substantially limit the actions of individuals if passed and signed into law, it is proposed to extend as a requirement to any individual in any state. You'd have to be a member, or director, of a corporation not formed in California for this not to apply to you. Also you'd have to avoid doing business in, or incorporating in NY, since it is plain as day individuals can't be served there except by a bitlicensed entity. That's NY's existing regime. It shouldn't be allowed to spread to other states. 
2) You also misquoted AB 147, another California bill. In pertinent part it proposes to regulate individuals as "market facilitators" and prosecute you when the price goes up if you don't have a permit. To wit:
"The Sales and Use Tax Law specifically includes as a retailer engaged in business in this state, among others, (1) any retailer that is a member of a commonly controlled group and is a member of a combined reporting group that includes another member of the retailer’s commonly controlled group that, pursuant to an agreement with or in cooperation with the retailer, performs services in this state in connection with tangible personal property to be sold by the retailer and (2) any retailer entering into agreements under which persons in this state, for a commission or other consideration, directly or indirectly refer potential purchasers of tangible personal property to the retailer, whether by an internet-based link or an internet website, or otherwise, provided that the retailer meets specified total cumulative sales thresholds including that the retailer has, during the preceding 12 months, total cumulative sales in this state of tangible personal property in excess of $1,000,000." 
In other words, its provisions (or more specifically, the legislators who wrote AB 147) attempt to punish innovators by requiring a state license to sell bitcoin. And many other things, since the language is very broad. You can bet the implementing regulation will be specific and painful even if the statute it proposes wasn't as clear as day to you.
We weren't born yesterday. If anything I was polite by merely getting bills like this stopped before. I've never gotten mad at California, I've just helped stop it from doing some of the dumbest things imaginable over the past several years. You want to advocate for this to be passed in Cali? Be my guest. You are a free agent. I am serving as a canary here, warning the community of things like this.
I once lived in a country where laws didn't matter to the people that ran the place. Regardless, they still passed laws, nearly all of them bad, and the laws were _always_ used to punish the poor, innovators, the educated/intellectuals, or just anyone who couldn't afford to pay for lawyers or protection rackets, whether legal or illegal.
The United States is different from where I once lived. But California legislative activity daily is reminding me of the abuses people had to put up with from governments in Central America, where I once lived. It bothers me that these bills would even be considered. But it's no surprise, since as mentioned we've been defeating bitlicense bills here since 2015. You should ask the State legislators why they propose this rather than nitpick my summary. Use your time better.
When I don't bother to post about it or don't argue with you or someone online about it anymore, then you should worry - it would be a sign we've given up trying to stop this and have just moved on to some other state, to allow California to fall prey to its own terrible proposals. But while I'm here, still around the State, rest assured I will try to stop this.
@_date: 2019-02-25 20:58:29
Hi u/Theymos and u/BashCo - remember our discussion (see np link below) of the summary of bitlicense proposals (after the NY bitlicense went into effect) by the ULC in a number of U.S. States? The proposals were defeated in every state they were then proposed in via State legislature:
Calling upon you now to pin or feature this post or spread the word to help stop this latest California thing since, the zombie is back this time as California's AB 1489 (2019-2020) as introduced Feb. 22, 2019.
Do whatever it is you do, we need to stop it again. If this passes in California the cancer will spread to other states despite that it has been stopped so far.
@_date: 2019-02-17 07:42:07
Excellent, thank you. Will take a look. While you are waiting for the vanity address you may want to set up a Samourai Paynym which is a lot quicker. 
Edit: I checked it out. Great cause. If you ever need help getting the nonprofit an account (exchange, other) just contact me by pm and I will connect you to the right people.
@_date: 2019-02-27 04:15:46










I laughed a bit when you mentioned that because in Cali they tried to pass a special tax on soda. It failed to pass. Then the Cali legislators tried to tax drinking water. That too failed. They then tried to tack on a new cell phone tax on emergency and related cell phone service. The FCC fortunately did something that stopped that.
Now some of these crazy proposals previously defeated are making the rounds again.
Anyway just mentioning that since defeating something one time doesn't mean that it is gone for good. The worst ideas always come back and are repackaged. History repeats itself. 
Bitcoin shows us a different path we can take. It is up to us to take it..
@_date: 2019-02-28 22:41:54
Thank you SolarCrypto!
@_date: 2019-02-26 00:52:52
Thanks u/gonzobon for your pm'd message requesting a summary of this. Short(!!) summary follows.
AB 1489 (2019) - bill introduced Feb. 22, 2019 sponsored by ULC (Uniform Laws Commission) _with Coin Center having assisted in its development._ Similar to their bills the ULC and banking industry tried to get passed in Nebraska, Hawaii, Alaska and elsewhere. Their bitlicense in those states _all failed to pass._ This one, in California, goes even further - by proposing to _ultimately_ ban _and claim to exercise permit authority or "exemption" over_ all private (non-custodied) ownership of bitcoin. Or as Caitlin Long correctly stated on twitter, it  means property in virtual currency terms would (_if the California Legislature's ultimate policy goals are realized_) be only available to "owners who own them indirectly via securities intermediaries" or in other words, ownership of crypto other than "stablecoin" or "security" is proposed to be banned in California - just like in Venezuela, which legally only allows ownership of "petro" as virtual currency property, which itself is controlled by a failed state. **Link to bill is in post that started this discussion.**
Note: has an alternative viewpoint on the text of a couple of these bills. SolarCrypto suggests in comments below that the bill isn't as I portray it to be. While I feel these bills will in fact lead to even more stringent consequences for individual users (in addition to exchanges) than what the bills clearly suggest (probably as a result of amendments and regulatory implementation in the future), read SolarCrypto's remarks which provide a counterpoint to my personal assessment. I feel these bills should be defeated **regardless of what they contain in their text today, tomorrow or ever.** But please read the text of the bills _yourself_ so you can see what is proposed.
**If you represent an organization, such as EFF or another nonprofit, or for profit org such as an Exchange, or you maintain a crypto project on Github for personal or professional purposes:**
a) go to 
b) look for the link near top right of the page which takes you to a guide for Advocates. Review the content.
c) for position letter submittal on AB 1489, AB 953, and AB 147 (please oppose), click on the green button at top right of the Appro page to Submit a Position Letter (you select the analyst or Committee it goes to later). You will need to sign up if you haven't yet, to use the portal.
d) If your organization is listed select it from the dropdown as part of the process. If it is not listed then please _Create a new organization_ and fill in your organization details to proceed. 
e) once you do the above steps you will need to upload a position letter from your organization (nonprofit or for profit or github project whichever it is). Track the bill and submit additional position letters _before any Committee deadlines for comment._
f) Thank you.
**Actions to take:**
HOW TO CONTACT THE CALIFORNIA LEGISLATURE (if you are an individual) TO OPPOSE AB 1489. AB 953, AB 147 AND OTHER BITLICENSE RELATED BILLS: 
AB 953 (2019) - introduced Feb. 21, 2019, taxation of marijuana by "stablecoin" - watch for someone in stablecoin shit show to be sneaking around Sacramento lobbying for this:  
AB 147 (2019-2020) - introduced Dec. 2018 - proposes that you'd have to get a license from California to trade or sell bitcoin via an "internet web site" if overall value of what you sell exceeds an amount California decides. In other words you will be punished by CA if the price goes up: 
Shall I go on? Ok.
California, legislatively, has similar efforts at state control of the economy by the legislature, amounting to Venezuela style capital control attempts. Like Venezuela, California's attempted legislative controls on the flow of information and money have largely failed. Consider:
- In recent years, Californians defeated the Legislature's proposed cellphone encryption ban - a ban proposed and supported by a large number of members of the Legislature (that is, primarily by Democrats, the majority party supporting the failed / attempted encryption ban).
- Then there was California's previously proposed bitlicense -- which was successfully defeated **not just once, but each time it was introduced (several times) by the ignorant majority in the Legislature over several years. (See AB 1326 (2015-2016) and AB 1123 (2017-2018), and now AB 1489 and AB 147 (2019-2020).)** All this is similar to Venezuela's attempted ban on any cryptocurrency (other than the failed “petro” currency created by the Venezuelan state), a ban which also was an ineffective failure.
- Examine the treatment of First Amendment rights in California. When a previous Attorney General, Kamala Harris, fought against Californians' exercise of First Amendment rights, and when she repeatedly abused her discretion by defending the practice of state agencies being used as instruments of censorship in California, many people (mostly conservatives) in California helped by funding organizations involved in a case launched against California’s anti-speech, anti-rights regime. The case, Publius v. Boyer-Vine, supported in part through efforts of the FPC, was successful and the court ruled against the State's practice of ordering censorship of online content it did not like. Until recently, the State of California thought it could control online content. This case disproved the State position. The state law and regulation, and Harris's arguments, was invalidated as being unconstitutional. The California legislature's attempts in this respect are similar to Venezuelan laws which attempt to regulate the flow of speech and information, such as the recently enacted Venezuelan “cyber” law in which Maduro's minions attempt to claim control of information anywhere in the world. 
- We have seen this delusional State position in California, North Korea, New York, China, Venezuela, and various other failed states. In each case their attempts to control online information have failed. Nonetheless they must be fought, unless we want to end up like New York, which suffers due to bitlicense.
- California is different in its economic development from Venezuela in that it is not reliant upon local oil resources as a primary source of state funds. Captive industry, such as agriculture and similar businesses unable to flee the rapacious State, are thus the primary sources of revenue for California. Legislatively, however, California currently has no real distinction from Venezuela (see above remarks on attempted legislative controls).
EDIT: Looks like the banks and ULC (Uniform Laws Commission), _and sadly, Coin Center,_ are now trying to pass bitlicense again in SMALLER states, too - including states where they tried, but failed, to pass the onerous and oppressive bitlicense before.
Proof: see tweets archived at:  and 
**Did your organization reserve a table back in Jan. or early Feb. for the May 13, 2019 Coin Center dinner in New York, or did your organization sponsor this dinner?** If so, REQUEST A REFUND, CANCEL THE DINNER, and REMOVE YOUR ORGANIZATION'S SPONSORSHIP. **Do not give Coin Center any more money.** Archived tweet showing their home-of-bitlicense celebration plans: 
OKLAHOMA - HB1954 (2019) - ULC bitlicense bill - already part way through legislative process. If you are in Oklahoma oppose this now!
HOW TO CONTACT YOUR OKLAHOMA LEGISLATURE TO OPPOSE HB1954 (2019) IF YOU LIVE IN OKLAHOMA: 
CONTACT OKLAHOMA GOVERNOR TO OPPOSE HB1954 FROM WHEREVER YOU LIVE IN THE WORLD:  
In Oklahoma, Gov. Stitt just signed permitless carry into law. Remind him we would really like PERMITLESS BITCOIN and the VETO of HB1954 - Oklahoma's proposed bitlicense and nocoiner bill.
NEVADA - SB195 (2019) - ULC sponsored bill -  they tried it here and failed in 2017-2018 too. Now the ULC and Coin Center is trying to get bitlicense passed AGAIN. See: 
CONTACT NEVADA LEGISLATURE INCLUDING THEIR FISCAL ANALYSIS GROUP SHOWN ON THEIR WEBSITE TO OPPOSE SB195 (2019): 
CONTACT NEVADA GOVERNOR TO REQUEST HE VETO SB195, NEVADA BITLICENSE, IF IT LANDS ON HIS DESK IN ANY FORM REGARDLESS OF HOW IT IS MARKETED OR REVISED: 
HAWAII - SB250 (2019) - ULC sponsored bill - Same onerous bill as above. Bitlicense, by and for, to benefit banks and intended to slow or stop crypto transactions: 
 
HAWAII - HB70 (2019) - Same as above. 
CONTACT HAWAII LEGISLATURE INCLUDING THE SENATE CLERK AND HOUSE CLERK TO OPPOSE SB250 AND HB70: 
CONTACT HAWAII GOVERNOR, LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR AND HONOLULU MAYOR TO OPPOSE SB250 AND HB70: 
STOP THEM ALL LIKE WE DID LAST YEAR AND THE YEAR BEFORE! Call repeatedly and ask what committee these go to next and ask _how to contact the Committee members and staffers_ for Appropriations or whichever committee the bill(s) go to next. Then **call and write Committee members and their staff analysts** to oppose these bills. Keep pressure on.
Contact EFF, too: 
**and contact the exchange(s) you use and demand to get their public position on these numerous bitlicense bills!**
@_date: 2019-02-23 20:39:41
Good summary of a complex decision. 
There is now more legal basis to overturn laws which authorize asset forfeiture though.
More work for lawyers for sure.
Buy bitcoin
@_date: 2019-06-20 04:29:14
Holy shit you are right. Literally Judge Reinhold was in the movie! Hahaha - nice.
Different than Judge Reinhart though... amirite?
@_date: 2019-02-26 05:06:42
Must. Fight. Bad. Bills. 
@_date: 2019-02-23 21:07:13






Those laws will end up costing Oklahoma more than it takes in. Some enterprising young partner in a legal firm will latch onto that shit until he or she can get millions in damages plus court costs for one of their firm's clients for which they can prove standing in some soon to be case against Oklahoma seizure laws.
@_date: 2019-02-26 13:01:39
Thank you, please do.
@_date: 2019-02-23 18:19:47
Someone posted a comment to me here, who has since deleted their comment, saying literally that I am working for money and "that should not be the end goal." Oh thanks whoever posted that comment for sharing with me your thoughts that I shouldn't be making money. Much appreciated!
So... if you felt that the end goal is to become houseless? To work for nothing? Been there, done that. I had a great time and once worked for the US Peace Corps for a few years. Helped with local community projects that ultimately saved people's lives. I earned 200 bucks a month. I was able to save thousands because i only spent 50 USD max per month where I was living. (That was enough for me to rent a shack, buy food and even covered transportation and a lady washed my clothes by hand. 50 bucks a month total, it even covered a couple treats every month like a soda, a pupusa or a banana, ice, sugar and milk smoothie. That was in the far campo in El Salvador. I didn't have to pay for water, people shared with me what they had in terms of water storage and I used a filter or purification tablets so I wouldn't be sick all the time.)
That was before bitcoin existed before you get into telling me I should have bought bitcoin. I was an early adopter beginning 2009.
Like a lot of people when I got back to the States I worked. Like a lot of people I had experience with not finding work and barely surviving for years. Yep, loads of fun! Done that. Been there.
Like some people I have my own FOSS (free and open source system etc) project. In my case  is my project. W.I.P. and eventually will get it into a GUI of a bitcoin wallet since I already successfully tested it in alts. Might take a while to do that right in bitcoin though!
I have no desire to live in the street and I wish to retire. So I will not be working for free thank you very much. Keep supporting those projects you enjoy though.. Donate to Core development, to Samourai, Wasabi wallet project and others that merit your donation.
And if you want to get seriously into crypto philanthropy you have to earn. So please no lectures...
@_date: 2019-02-16 06:52:40
Congrats. It looks nice.
@_date: 2019-06-30 15:46:56
@_date: 2019-02-27 08:15:24
Hello - quick update which may help in terms of process: 
Last year (and the year before that, etc..) when I was doing "find the analyst" for search and destroy missions to stop certain California bills in Committee, the process was rather haphazard and involved a ton of asking around to find a bill's assigned analyst for the Committee prep.
However this year brings an enhancement to the Cali online platform which now enables an "Advocates" section so you can submit position papers for or against a bill..the electronic tool usually also shows the analyst assigned clearly, even before a bill is scheduled for some Committee or another.
Why is this important: because if you go to 
 for example and look at the top right of the page, there are two links. One is a guide for advocates, PDF. The other is a green button that takes you to the Advocates page, where you can sign up as affiliated with an org or create your own advocacy org name right there in signup, and then submit a letter to the analyst, Committee of your choice or both.
This is particularly important for organizations (such as EFF, but any advocacy groups or orgs whether incorporated as nonprofits or not) that want to take a position against the (California) bills described here.
How would you suggest I feature this link to the Cali Advocates page? My comment below is getting crowded with links..
@_date: 2019-02-27 08:35:57
- Curious about your take on the above also in terms of: if or how you are approaching or using the (new-ish) California Advocate platform (see above) to send Committees your input on bills, such as these recently proposed bitlicense bills in Cali.
@_date: 2019-02-28 08:07:49
I think that is the eventual goal of the California and New York governments. Effectively, New York has significantly limited, if not de facto banned, bitcoin ownership, though there remain ways for New Yorkers to get bitcoin without going through one of the (rather few) bitlicensed entities "serving" New York, it is becoming more difficult for New Yorkers. They are stuck in what amounts to a modern version of the Stone Age caused by the NY bitlicense, which was so horrible it caused most exchanges (that did not wish to become bitlicensed) to flee NY and cease service completely to NY. There is no logical business reason for bitlicense since the revenue NY lost exceeds the revenue they take in from bitlicense fees, etc. While obviously _banning bitcoin_ is not possible / feasible, getting to a point where every transaction is permissioned, subject to precursor license, or sanctioned, is where California is going with its policy trajectory - like New York. I see California's legislative proposals as very similar to anti-blasphemy laws which are one of the cancers affecting the Euro countries. If we don't subscribe to their permissioned, limited fiat system, we are thus in California's and New York's eyes, blasphemers who must be restricted or suspended from services, subjected to discretionary license, de-boarded and rejected from access to funding methods, or simply banned - or some combination of the above. In fact, these things already happen without bitlicense whenever bitcoin users must interface with the legacy, antiquated financial system. Bitlicense makes it worse, reduces access and slows or stops persons trying to onboard to fiat services that interface with the crypto sector.
I provided a bunch of links above (scroll up to see my topvoted post in this discussion) so you can see the proposals and contact Legislatures and Governors to oppose the bitlicense proposals that have been introduced in California, Oklahoma, Nevada, and Hawaii. Please go ahead and contact them using links above to oppose the bills shown. If you cannot contact the Legislatures because you don't live in one of the affected states, you can still contact tge Governor of each state, since anyone anywhere in the world can contact any State Governor.
Cheers and thanks in advance for your advocacy against these horrible bills.
@_date: 2019-02-27 04:25:01
Thanks for that clarification. That sounds reasonable, people will generally go where they can afford to and where they can live comfortably.
@_date: 2019-06-20 04:15:46
"We don't have plenary authority over cryptocurrency." That is literally what he said. Sums it up. If it is on a platform of some sort, regulatable. Between two peers / nodes? The ability to regulate drops way off. He kinda gets it.
Edit: I bet he owns some bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-02-23 20:47:35
Not sure about towers or jail (immunity comes to mind, else the past three presidents would be in jail for sonething or another) but I bet there are implications for if asset seizure law is used to confiscate border property without compensation so a portion of border wall could be completed. That would be clearly illegal even before this US Supreme Court decision. I think they have to offer to buy the property or do eminent domain in which case they still have to present appropriate compensation to avoid decision reversal on those border properties - with or without an emergency order in place.
@_date: 2019-02-28 01:27:22
I've added an edit to my top ranked comment in this discussion to refer people interested to comments for some additional perspective. I hope this helps. I feel personally that _no matter what ends up in the bills' final text,_ the ULC's proposals to Legislatures of California, Oklahoma, Nevada, Hawaii, and possibly other states, are horrible and merit our decision to unleash the Hate Machine (a.k.a. "Million Angry Kitt3hs") to help stop these bills _regardless of what they contain and regardless of how they might later be amended_. That is how we stopped them in past years. It works. I know with certainty that _individuals and businesses_ will be profoundly harmed by these bills if they become law, with many individuals banned, de-boarded / unverified from services, and service regions negatively impacted by exchanges and individuals leaving states who do adopt bitlicense. We saw that happen in New York and it will happen again. 
Even _if_ the bill(s) do not _explicitly_ authorize a full ban (and I think in fact a ban of sorts, de facto or literal, has always been the legislative intent with these ULC sponsored bills - which are bankrolled, literally, by banks) - all it would take once the bills are passed that I have objected to here, _to arrive at full ban_, is either the adoption of a tiny sentence as implementing regulation or a tiny amendment to any bill signed into law, at some future date. If you approve of the bills that is the future of bitcoin in California and beyond - bans, sanctions, "blacklists," and court battles. Not what we want or need. California has a practice of "gut-and-amend" where bills that have to do with milk or the environment are passed through the Assembly or Senate, then once passed, the bills are gutted-and-amended to be turned into bills that ban behavior, use of certain assets or tools, and even bans on exercise of Constitutional rights. If you understand the nefarious California Legislature as I do, as I have come to understand it intimately, you will know that a bill as introduced or passed is _never_ the full measure of what California Legislature will actually end up using it for. It _always_ becomes worse. For that reason, even bills having to do with "milk" in California are now rightly viewed with suspicion by a large number of people in the State. It's terrible, but that is how the CA legislature does business.
With that said, I hope you get an alternative perspective from comments. But beware - these bills must be stopped, no matter what form they take now or later. Their passage will become an open sandbox for expansion of regulatory intervention which will become a series of bans on activity in the space. It is worthwhile to rally the community against all bills targeted here.
@_date: 2019-02-26 13:01:20
That is correct.
@_date: 2019-02-26 20:42:27
I updated one of my below comments just now with that info as per your request (for each affected state, contact links are now provided). Thank you.
Note: if I copied the link right, this is where I added the info: 
@_date: 2019-02-28 22:51:06
I don't wish to argue with you all day over it either. My points are clear in my above comment reply to you. I maintain that the ultimate disposition of this bill given the policy trajectory of California is not merely an implicit ban but an explicit one that will ultimately extend to all users, though it may initially manifest itself as a "restriction." Or as you put it in your video - "government controlled business."
I would like it if you apply your knowledge to contacting legislators in the various states. If you maintain a github repo or organization or head up a firm or have your own business, please use the Appro link provided in my earlier top comment to submit your position paper on the bills in CA at least, using the California Advocate portal. Of course if you have time and I hope you do, please also contact the legislatures of Oklahoma, Nevada and Hawaii, since the same proposal essentially has simultaneously been proposed in those several states (and eventually, others).
@_date: 2019-02-26 13:00:54
Contact your State legislators. Oppose the bills mentioned. AB 1489, AB 953, AB 147 (2019).
If you live in California: 
If you don't live in California you can still contact the Governor to oppose the bills - anyone in the world can contact the Governor:
He won't care, though. Research Appropriations and Banking Committee members of Assembly and Senate and assess how you will contact them. Bills are easiest to stop by getting them stuck in Committee. To stop most bills you havr to get to death of the bill by Committee. This requires work and research you do on your own though in this case many others will be doing it too. So know that many people will be contacting the Legislators both in the Committees and outside of that to help stop these bills.
@_date: 2019-06-20 16:26:15
The problem with that is he has fooled people like Gavin before when he led people to believe he is Satoshi, who he clearly isn't. So for someone who falls prey to bullshit, they will believe he is whatever he says. The proof system won't make difference if the people making the decision are flat dumb about it.
@_date: 2019-02-27 17:58:28
Yep! Wyoming is doing the right thing and should be commended. Many of us may end up fleeing CA for Wyoming if CA (or Oklahoma, Nevada, Hawaii) bitlicense bills pass.
@_date: 2019-02-28 07:48:05
Yeah yikes. Please use the links in my larger comment above with all the links up and down it to contact Legislatures or Governors or both, to oppose these bills. Also, if you would like, please share this post. Thank you.
@_date: 2019-02-26 23:31:24
Then understand it. And once you get an understanding of how bad anything like this is, don't waste my time and yours nitpicking it. Write emails and make calls opposing it. The info on who to contact to oppose these bills is shown in an above comment.
@_date: 2015-08-06 04:17:43
What is the exact date of expiry?  I may be interested.  (Edit... No need to answer this question, I just figured it out by looking more closely at the imgur, it expires 8/09)
OK, my question is, if I donate to fund this for a year, will this continue to run as Core, Satoshi:0.10.2 (probably to be updated to 0.11 some point soon) or will it end up being switched to XT?  The reason for this question is I don't want to make a donation and then see it emerge as an XT node (as I don't support XT).
@_date: 2019-06-30 15:34:57
It means what it says, you.
@_date: 2015-08-12 10:19:38
Jerry Brito, Coin Center staff, and their rapacious pursuit of regulation of everything at any cost, are the enemy of all that is good in this world.  Their nonsensical positions must be opposed. Imagine, a business owner having to petition to the State of California in the form of a special application to be able to accept US dollars, or hold them on behalf of customers.  Anyone in their right mind would tell you that this is ridiculous ~ certainly, business owners in California are accustomed to being preyed upon by the State and so are used to an already excessive licensing regime involving local business licensing and State license(s) which vary depending on the business.  But no-one wants to have to obtain a license in order to transact in the currency they choose.  This is the sort of treatment that nearly all startups, small, medium and large businesses, nonprofits, and individuals participating in meetups or in-person exchanges might get hit with, no matter what cryptocurrency they are using, if AB 1326 goes through.  
It's worth it to remember who is funding Coin Center, which is pushing so hard to make our lives miserable in California.  Let's have a look, shall we?
    Andreessen Horowitz
    BitGo
    BitPay*
    Coinbase
    Hudson River Trading
    itBit’s Charles Cascarilla
    Liberty City Ventures’ Emil Woods
    RRE Ventures
    Union Square Ventures
    Xapo*
   *BitPay and Xapo also are participants in the Windhover Principles initiative ( contains a [poison pill to regulate digital identity in a way damaging to the user]( - [larger reddit discussion here]( )
How to fight it?
Currently as of August 12, 2015, AB 1326 is still under consideration.  You can see its status here:
Click on the status tab in order to see its details.  (It's already passed the Assembly and has moved partway through the Senate process.)
If you live in California, contact your State Senator to express opposition to AB 1326 and to request it be withdrawn, here:
Then, contact the Governor (Gov. Jerry Brown) and request that he veto AB 1326. (Note that in all likelihood, the legislature will pass almost anything that involves the promise of regulating more things, but on occasion something fails to pass either because they couldn't raise enough votes or missed some important deadline, or because the Governor realized that what they are passing was so horrifying that he actually vetoed it.  So don't forget to contact the Governor, and please ask for him to veto AB 1326, beginning now):
@_date: 2019-02-26 04:51:19










Jack would be in Cali jail for ferrying lightning torch without Cali Stasi permission if this shitola passes and gets signed into law.
Start researching who the staff analysts are who are assigned to the committees these bills will land in. Typically these will be Economic or Banking related subject matter Committees, and Appropriations Committees of Assembly and State Senate both.
Then once you have the staffer analyst names from those Committees (each bill going to Committee is assigned a particular staff analyst for that bill in prep for its consideration by Committee), get their emails and if possible specific committee analyst office phone One bill I got defeated in a prior session it took me three weeks of calling people nonstop in Legislature until they caved and gave me the staff analyst email for the poor kid assigned to review and summary report on the bill for the Committee (appro committee I think it was) in Cali legislature that I was opposing. Then I got the community to send economic arguments against this bill to the analyst. Keep in mind they have deadlines for receiving comments to Committee beyond which if you miss the deadline then they don't have to consider your comment. The analyst got more econ arguments against the bill before deadline than I think they ever got on any Cali bill in recent memory.
The bill (just giving example of one that I opposed, there were more that I used this tactic on) was killed in Committee even though the majority Legipeeps had voted for it. I won't mention the bill number here.
No money was paid to lobbyists..that was truly grassroots.
This time we may need to be more medieval in tactics against these bills but the above technique -- "find the analyst" a.k.a. "search and destroy" bill in Committee - works surprisingly well when targeting a bill you want to defeat.
Ditto for the Oklahoma, Hawaii, Nevada bill processes. Kill the bills in Committee if you can.
@_date: 2019-02-24 09:03:04
Yippee ki-yay!
@_date: 2015-08-06 05:03:01
Wow, thanks!
@_date: 2019-02-28 15:29:26


True. But we can still stop the worst of their proposals via "death by Committee." The search and destroy method discussed in my earlier posts (see comment above with links to Legislatures and Governors to contact on these bills, and recommendations to call repeatedly and ask what committee these go to next so you can ask how to contact the Committee members), is an effective method we've used, successfully, for several years now to _stop bitlicense in California each time it was introduced_. 
Don't let the fact that they don't represent you keep you from calling and writing in with your opposition to the bitlicense bills mentioned above. The more people object, the more success we have at stopping them, just like in past years.
Let us know how your calls go once you contact the legislators or what response you get if you write. Calling repeatedly is very effective - it wears them out. Go for it , then reply back and let us know how it went. Keep your message simple and focused on genuine (firm but polite) opposition to the bills in question.
@_date: 2019-02-26 20:07:22
Call the Legislatures including Committee members of the affected states. Or don't. Your call. You can oppose this or sit on the sidelines pretending it isn't happening until one day you get a letter in the mail from a State, asking you to explain yourself, pay up and register. 
Or maybe you actually want a bitlicensed future where your activity is subject to license and a handful of exemptions. If so move to NY, see how it worked out for them.
@_date: 2019-02-16 06:53:53
Closed accounts with Bitpay and CB years and years ago. Never went back. Don't use them.
@_date: 2019-06-24 01:34:26
That part where OP said:














So, I have a few issues with this:
1) "Risk adjusted return" on bitcoin vs these other assets mentioned has already been higher consistently. So it's not like one day it will be preferred: it _is_ now preferred.
2) Technically speaking there is nothing wrong with bitcoin usage being shielded to some degree by the sort of legal exemptions that banks currently enjoy. Indeed, exchanges should take advantage of certain bank laws and exemptions if they can. 
In fact - see this:
^ that is by Caitlin Long. Check it out.
@_date: 2019-06-20 04:03:29
I do hope you are right. Thanks.
Edit: it would suck if this judge effectively gives coin away to faketoshi and claims faketoshi is Satoshi. It wouldn't change the fact that faketoshi will always be faketoshi. But it would be a distressingly bad legal decision..
@_date: 2019-02-26 01:00:48
Yes and also to anyone from the Cali legislature reading this, if you thought there would be no repercussions from this, I already know of a growing number of individuals and businesses accelerating their exit plans from California. Calexit now has a new meaning! Say goodbye to billions of potential State revenue.
Edit: Each of California's attempted bitlicense bills in the past also do not exempt, and attempted to ban, donations, in addition to everything else. The new bills I mentioned (2019-2020) also fit this mold.
@_date: 2015-08-06 03:10:16
Has anyone helped you out on this yet?
@_date: 2019-02-27 03:58:07








I'm safely extrapolating to an assessment of the likely abuse that will be rendered due to passage of either the aforementioned or similar laws. It is a fork of the river I don't want to see us go down. I also don't wish to justify or make excuses for what the proposed laws will lead to. That's not fear mongering. It is opposition rooted in logic and an understanding of what will come.
Some states like Wyoming will take a permissive or encouraging approach, wisely keeping themselves from the  extremes of attempted capital controls and statist licensing regimes.
Others, like California, are probably not salveageable. We may defeat this again, if we can, in Cali, Oklahoma, Hawaii and Nevada. I think we can defeat the bitlicense bills again this year.
But after 2020 it is anyone's guess, and at that point you will be better moving away from states that manage to pass bitlicense. So defeat it now if you can, as the worst is yet to come.
@_date: 2015-08-20 20:09:19
You know, what would be nice is a graph. Bar graph, pie graph, whatever.. showing what percent are voting for BIP100 vs. 8MB vs. BIP 101 vs.  BIP 102 vs. BIP sipa ... etc.  
A graph, would it be so hard?  Dynamic so people can see the changes in real time.
@_date: 2019-02-28 07:37:00
Have you contacted the legislature(s) or in the alternative if you do not live as resident in the affected states, but you have legitimate concern about the bill(s), have you contacted the Governors of California, Oklahoma, Nevada, and Hawaii (Governors can be contacted by anyone in the world, you do not have to reside in a specific "district" as one must to contact a State Legislator) to register your opposition to the bills mentioned?
If you have not yet done so, please scroll up, see list of bills and legislative / gubernatorial contact methods I have provided, contact them, and communicate your opposition to these bills.
@_date: 2019-02-26 12:41:56
Somehow, I think the California legislature does not share your view.
@_date: 2019-06-19 19:45:49
Inb4 someone else cites this stackexchange about the 1st reward, since unspendable. 
@_date: 2019-02-27 17:53:18
Will do. Thanks!
@_date: 2019-02-26 07:16:49
Thx it is good now. Many thanks.
@_date: 2019-02-25 20:28:32
Hey u/bruce_fenton it is time to contact the old networks again to stop California's anti-innovation garbage bills. I will touch base with John Light, Plug and Play and EFF soon too.
Edit: I just sent a message to John Light and to EFF. I recommend you contact them also to coordinate strategy so as to utterly destroy this bill with fire. No version of it should pass. I have also recommended that EFF consider leaving California, as most innovative organizations (whether for-profit or nonprofit) are finding they will need to plan to do.
@_date: 2019-02-26 20:02:56
It has become obvious what you wish to accomplish with this discussion: to get into a debate on what Bitcoin is or isn't (tangible property - and there is nothing keeping the State from defining bitcoin as property however it wants if these proposals can be pushed through to the horrible outcome of approval - all that requires is a certain number of votes, your opinion on property DOES NOT MATTER to California legislators), debate the merits of the bill, and/or argue that "it doesn't really apply to individuals" when I have shown conclusively and without doubt that it would impact individuals and businesses alike.
You are wasting time. If you want to do that, and I can see that you do, start your own thread - _don't hijack this one._
You seem to be really interested in claiming the bill won't harm individuals. Not only is that _factually incorrect,_ but you are wasting the time and discussion in redditspace by making such long form assertions based on YOUR OWN PERSONAL VIEW OF WHAT THE PROPOSALS IDENTIFIED MEAN. We know what they will mean: the worst possible thing that California (and if we are not careful, Nevada, Oklahoma and Hawaii) legislators CAN MAKE THEM MEAN NOW OR IN THE FUTURE. They are shit and need to be defeated. That is my goal. I honestly don't care about arguments to the contrary. I have defeated these things before and I commit to doing it again. I attack the legislative process at its most vulnerable point - usually, the Committees - to stop such bills. That is what I do when I see proposals like this - _regardless of what legislators or their staff put on paper in the bills or their revisions and amendments!_
Let me ask you this: if you don't believe these bills should be passed then why are you polluting the thread with nitpicking about how I summarized the bills? Your position is insane, you would go on ad nauseam describing "what it means" rather than discuss ways to defeat these arguably horrible bills.
Do you want the States of Oklahoma, Nevada, Hawaii, and California to end up like New York? With a bitlicense (and in these new state proposals, it's not only a regulation proposed, but an entire new law that would crush the industry in the affected states)? Great, do nothing or keep doing what you are doing.
Do you care enough to stop the bill? Then quit dissecting my summaries and start calling Legislators, including Committee members, in the states of _California, Oklahoma, Hawaii and Nevada._
You are long form arguing fine points. I am acknowledging these proposals WILL HURT INDIVIDUALS AND BUSINESSES. I am not interested in long form rants as they are not appealing to anyone. I am interested in stopping bills that I know in the end will do (whether now or in some legislative future) what you vociferously assert they will not.
I am not interested in responding any more to what appears to me to be post hijacking by you to advance your discussion. I am interested in putting eyeballs on this issue and developing early opposition. I trust that most active readers of this sub will probably read the legislative proposals for themselves. They will develop their own arguments and are unlikely to follow your meandering textwall or mine for that matter. So long as opposition develops, that is what I am here to develop and promote:  total opposition to these bills _no matter their form and no matter the revisions that might later be made._ Not compromising, not debating, I am just here to destroy the future viability of the bills being discussed. That is all.
If you care at all about the outcome, _call the Legislators and Committee members._
@_date: 2015-08-06 04:44:44
So, I would like to do this, to support it for a year.  Here's what I'd like to do:
1) Send you the amount for the full year
2) I would like it to be for Core (not for XT)
3) I would like to state on my site ( that I am supporting the full node for a year, with a link to the node
I'm hoping this encourages people to donate to my project (ABIS) also, but that would just be a side benefit, and I'm happy to be contributing to the running of the node and contributing to the network.
Let me know if this sounds ok, and if so pm me BTC address to which the funds should be sent.
@_date: 2019-02-24 08:59:38
Correct, some lawyers will work that way. Such cases may drag on for years in appeals but if your lawyer is good then the outcome may also be. They may end up having to research case law going back all the way to before the U.S. Constitution even existed to develop their record, precedents and quoted cases. I had one like that which went on forever. The lawyer on my side "won" it and was able to collect a percent and if I recall correctly was able to get the government to pay court costs as well.
@_date: 2019-02-28 15:45:48
Fair question. I think it is possible that organizations like PayPal could be affected by these bills also though it would be the organization subjected to licensing and (at first...) not the PayPal end user - though as I point out in other comments here, I think it is the objective of the California Legislature to attempt to control by license every transaction eventually. These proposals deal with creating new licensing requirements that have been shown to be unnecessary and prohibitive. They don't replace existing laws that have been tolerable - the proposals add _new_ requirements, costs, layers of permission and prohibition, and monitoring regimes for anyone involved in the industry.
If you are curious if these laws affect industry outside of those such as exchanges, absolutely they would. Organizations at the periphery, such as fiat-oriented services that interface with exchanges, would be profoundly affected as well, though the bitlicense proposals give clear deference to banks and traditional financial organizations. Bitlicense is corruption and Venezuela-style capital control.
Contact the Legislatures and Governors by phone or in writing (see links provided in top comment in this discussion) to oppose the bills mentioned. Reply back to let us know how the calls went. Thank you in advance for helping defeat these bills (again). Every person's opposition counts and helps immensely.
@_date: 2019-02-09 04:40:19
Heh - nice improvement on the old method. 
Gotenna and satellites ftw!
Old method: 
The new method is definitely easier and more scalable.
Cheers all.
@_date: 2015-08-06 04:56:57
Note:  I see someone beat me to it with changetip, which I basically don't use anymore.. /sigh
@_date: 2015-08-15 05:42:28
Stop. Using. Coinbase. [It is one of the supporters of California's proposed Bitlicense, which builds on NY's existing bitlicense](  There are many other reasons to stop using it, also.  I long ago did.
@_date: 2015-08-29 05:09:17
The following is the message that I have just sent to the Governor directly through his website (which has a 6000 character limit for messages; this one is just under that)
-   -     -    -
from: Colin Gallagher
      Bitcoin Foundation ~ Education Committee Chair
      Lifeboat Foundation ~ Advisory Board(s), Safeguarding Humanity
      (address redacted)
      August 28, 2015
to:  Governor Edmund G. Brown, Jr.
re.:  AB 1326 - Virtual Currency
Dear Governor Brown,
I am writing you today in my capacities as Chair of the Education Committee of the Bitcoin Foundation and as a member of the New Money Systems Board of the Lifeboat Foundation 
(profile at 
Some while ago, I was pleased to see that legislation relating to currency which could be used in this state was passed by the Legislature and signed into law.  That was AB 129 ('Lawful Money,' approved by Governor June 28, 2014, filed with Secretary of State June 28, 2014). The passage of that law freed innovators in the state so that they would not have to be concerned with unreasonable regulation.  And it's worked out very well thus far.  Unfortunately, the Legislature seems to have taken renewed interest in harsher language which would restrict innovation in this state under the terms of Dababneh's proposed AB 1326.  This bill picks up where New York left off, and AB 1326 is so bad that the Electronic Frontier Foundation launched a advocacy campaign against AB 1326.  
AB 1326 in fact, would place oppressive requirements on anyone who is conducting a “virtual currency business” ~ specifiying that this would include anyone at all, whose business model would be “determined by the commissioner” ~ including, but not limited to, people whose business represents “low or no risk to consumers!”  While a “virtual currency business” under the proposed law “means maintaining full custody or control of virtual currency in this state on behalf of others,” such businesses as exchanges, brokerages, or other firms which routinely hold private keys to virtual currency for customers, are already regulated heavily by the US Treasury (specifically, by FinCEN) and are subject to federal licensing requirements, and thus need no additional state licensing.  But the wording of the bill, rather than addressing who is holding the private keys, is unnecessarily vague, stating “full custody or control of virtual currency in this state on behalf of others.”  Thus, even small businesses who want to accept virtual currencies as payment for their goods and services will be discouraged from doing so.
Furthermore, this proposed bill does not have any exemptions that clearly exempt currency innovators in the state (such as myself) and startups from its provisions.  The exemption section proposed states that “A person shall not engage in any virtual currency business in this state unless the person is licensed or exempt from licensure under this division.” What does its exemption say with respect to ordinary users?  “A merchant or consumer that utilizes virtual currency solely for the purchase or sale of goods or services.”  Thus, what if my software doesn't use virtual currency solely for the purchase or sale of goods or services, but rather, uses it for the purpose of donation of virtual currency to another user ~ as is in fact the case with a cryptocurrency project I have developed (known as ABIS) and implemented (within the cryptocurrency known as BCN)?  There are virtual currency use cases and indeed entire virtual currency systems which are set up to do exactly that – microgiving.  The giving and microgiving cases are actually ruled out (deemed to be illegal, because they are not exempt) by AB 1326!
Let's take a look at another exemption, “A person or entity developing, distributing, or servicing a virtual currency network software.”  There are no exemptions for development of startups associated with virtual currency!
When New York began implementing its requirements that many virtual currency users would have to be registered and be licensed with the state of New York, and additional requirements such as identification of users and submittal of information to the FBI (to name a few), it was immediately evident that such requirements are inimical to free speech and expression.  Many companies opted to leave the state of New York or have ceased to operate in New York as a result.
A partial list of the companies that immediately left New York were:
Bitfinex, BitQuick, BTCGuild, Eobot, Genesis Mining, GoCoin, Kraken, LocalBitcoins, Paxful, and Poloniex.  “This particular piece of legislation is unnecessary and is an obstacle to free market innovation,” wrote Genesis Mining on its blog in response to New York's approach. Kraken, an exchange headquartered in San Francisco, said that the license, “comes at a price that exceeds the market opportunity of servicing New York residents. Therefore, we have no option but to withdraw our service from the state.”  These companies and more will make a similar exodus from California if AB 1362 is adopted.
These companies are regulated and subject to federal MSB licensing by FinCEN.  Federal regulation in this area focuses on the exchanges and brokerages. Virtual currency, however, is dynamic and evolving quickly, and you should not expect compliance or widespread support for state-level regulation.  There are over seven hundred decentralized virtual currencies or decentralized and distributed peer to peer currency systems (the vast majority are non-corporate projects which simply live as decentralized software repositories), and more are being made constantly. As they develop, the state must must step back and allow innovators to continue their work unhindered so that California can blossom as a hub of progress. 
California has a decision to make ~ to follow in the footsteps of New York (and be left in the dust as companies and innovators leave the state), or to reject AB 1326 and work directly with innovators, and encourage them to do everything possible here in California to advance new and bold cryptocurrency initiatives.
Colin Gallagher 
@_date: 2019-02-25 09:37:59
Hey u/Bitcoin_Error_Log - thanks for warning folks about CB. I wrote a bit about my own experience leaving CB in this post. Cheers.
@_date: 2019-06-30 16:46:21
Here is the decision in full, just recently issued. This is arguably one of the best US Supreme Court decisions we have seen in quite a few years.
Note in particular the mention Alito makes about this where he clearly states it's not just about wine here. 
"More recently, we observed that our dormant Commerce Clause cases reflect a “‘central concern of the Framers that was an immediate reason for calling the Constitutional Convention: the conviction that in order to succeed, the new Union would have to avoid the tendencies toward economic Balkanization that had plagued relations among the Colonies and later among the States under the Articles of Confederation.’” Granholm, 544 U. S., at 472 (quoting Hughes v. Oklahoma, 441 U. S. 322, 325–326 (1979)). In light of this history and our established case law, we reiterate that the Commerce Clause by its own force restricts state protectionism."
..."And Granholm never said that its reading of history or its Commerce Clause analysis was limited to discrimination against products or producers. On the contrary, the Court stated that the Clause prohibits state discrimination against all “‘out-of-state economic interests,’” Granholm, 544 U. S., at 472 (emphasis added), and noted that the direct-shipment laws in question “contradict[ed]” dormant Commerce Clause principles because they “de- prive[d] citizens of their right to have access to the markets of other States on equal terms.” Id., at 473 (emphasis added)."
Hope NY and CA are paying attention here.
@_date: 2015-08-06 04:52:37
Absolutely, the seed phrase is a critical element to any wallet - web, hardware, desktop, or mobile, imho.  But on the subject of the review of the language itself, the language itself that one applies (that the user sees on bitcoin.org after the scoring is completed by reviewers and maintainers) is factually incorrect and needs to be changed.
@_date: 2015-08-06 03:14:17
I've argued that you don't actually, but the details of that are in the github thread.
(Edit ~ As a matter of public record, while I strongly recommend reading the github thread I've posted here in reddit which kicked off this discussion, I want to make a couple remarks:  One, that even web wallets in which users control their private key can't possibly give users control of their money, because the model of the web wallet fails to provide users with positive control of the data in the first place.  As is pointed out in the github discussion, the description "This wallet gives you full control over your bitcoins. This means no third party can freeze or lose your funds" cannot possibly be applied to web wallets, and a replacement language is suggested, which would include the following words: "While you retain control over your private keys, this wallet cannot guarantee full control over your bitcoins. With this wallet, access to your bitcoins may or may not be available depending upon third party policy or country regulation.")
@_date: 2015-08-07 10:20:28
Specifically, the issue here in the github is whether the web wallet users can be said to have "control over their money."  To wit, the language which is currently applied to web wallets which states, "This wallet gives you full control over your bitcoins. This means no third party can freeze or lose your funds" cannot possibly be applied to web wallets, and a replacement language is suggested, which would include the following words: "While you retain control over your private keys, this wallet cannot guarantee full control over your bitcoins. With this wallet, access to your bitcoins may or may not be available depending upon third party policy or country regulation."  This issue has not yet been satisfactorily resolved in the github.
@_date: 2019-10-15 18:45:35






So do it. No "buts."
@_date: 2015-08-19 01:50:59
This is excellent, thanks for opening this issue.
@_date: 2019-02-16 06:56:40
I am liking Wyoming more and more. Now debating whether Wyoming or Idaho is my retirement state. Was thinking Idaho before but Wyoming looking pretty good now too.
@_date: 2019-02-23 09:22:38
Why is anyone in their right mind using BitPay? BtcPay is available to replace them but if you don't like that there are so many other options.
I left BitPay in 2014, permanently. Stop using them. 
@_date: 2015-08-08 05:59:55
While you are on this subject, you may want to also [take a look at this]( which is a discussion of the vulnerabilities of web wallets and the question of whether or not they should be presented as products which can offer users "control of their money."  Additional discussion is [here](
@_date: 2019-02-23 20:43:52




Depends on standing, ability to show harm, and statutes of limitation and laws and court rules which stipulate how long you have to challenge an action that harmed you. Consult your local legal counsel if you think you have a case.
Edit: if you don't have counsel available to you on call / on retainer and/or you don't have legal insurance and/or can't pay someone hundreds of dollars or in some cases over a thousand dollars an hour (yay high lawyer costs?? been there done that, it is always a lot) then ask your local court to refer you to free legal aid organizations.
@_date: 2017-11-02 19:09:04
Mm, but if you are in U.K. or (if I was mistaken about that) if you are in Oz and thus "blessed" to be part of the Commonwealth and thus under the Queen, either way, it looks like crypto is getting nearly banned for you all with all kinds of backdoors and compromises and such.  Whereas here in the U.S. we've been able to fight that off in courts, so far.
@_date: 2019-02-23 21:37:42
Actually I think the implication here (of the U.S. Supreme Court case) is that most of today's asset seizure laws are unconstitutional. So not only is there a greater possibility to recover property seized (stolen) by government, but now the statute and regulation authorizing the asset seizure can be deemed invalid by order of a court.
(Consult your legal counsel if you feel you have a case and standing. You may or may not have a logical case.)
Edit/addition to comment: 
 "Justice Ginsburg also rejected the State of Indiana's argument that the Excessive Fines Clause does not apply to in rem civil asset forfeitures, where the government - in theory - files a claim against the property itself, rather than against the owner, as such. She did so in large part because the Supreme Court had already ruled that the Clause applies to at least some civil forfeitures in its decision in Austin v. United States (1993), and Indiana had not asked for Austin to be overruled(...)" (from a Volokh article in Reason)
It is clear from Volokh's interpretation that this has implications for ALL such scenarios involving property (including firearms and ammunition, and any bitcoin interpreted as property as one would logically conclude), and that as was stated in the Volokh analysis, this is no surprise, given that the 2nd was incorporated AGAINST THE STATES via the 14th, for example.
Now if you are going to ask me how one can actually get laws off the books, fair question. That can take many years or never until action is taken locally to force crappy language off the books by leg action. But the positive thing here is that it is now easier than before to get those laws deemed invalid and thus unenforceable. The decision is a big F-U from a unanimous U.S. Supreme Court to grasping desperate states, localgovs and the fedgov itself. What's Congress gonna do, react by passing a new federal law authorizing more asset seizure? Not gonna happen. (Hell, Congress can't even get timely budgets passed.)
By the way, without it saying so explicitly, the U.S. Supreme Court is giving a big open palm Batman style faceslap to all the loony toons in Congress or State legislatures (whether they lean right or left, regardless) who thought they'd be able to use asset seizure laws to enforce socialism if they get more seats in the U.S. Senate in the next election. The U.S. Supreme Court justices, being on for life, and having made this decision unanimously, basically just sent a big fat Nope to the AOC fans.
@_date: 2019-02-27 05:27:25
Agreed. It has become increasingly difficult to save California  from itself. This is the last year I will bother trying to stop its insane bills, I think we can stop some of these this year with some work but by end of 2020 if not before, California will not be able to be saved anymore by concerned advocates.. oppose these bills and plan your exits.
@_date: 2019-02-28 07:42:20
Yes indeed. Thanks for your succinct summary of the situation, please do not hesitate to contact the Legislatures and / or Governors of the affected states to register your opposition to the bills in question. Note: you can contact the Governors of any US State no matter where you live in the world. The State Assemblymembers and State Senators on the other hand generally can only be contacted by someone who resides in their district.
@_date: 2019-12-08 01:20:17
Ha. Neither saint nor sinner, but nice animation.
@_date: 2019-12-12 09:25:20
Working as intended - thanks for putting up the node!
@_date: 2019-02-27 22:13:08
As a heads up, I added a method (which is likely effective) for organizations whether for-profit, nonprofit or github project/organization maintainers to submit a position paper on these proposed bitlicense bills in California. See above comment and its reference to how organizations can submit a position paper in bold font above, copied below here for ease of reference. The below technique is recommended for you to use to comment on the California bills recently introduced. For the other states where bitlicense was recently introduced as a bill by the ULC - Oklahoma, Nevada, and Hawaii - the process is different. I am looking up the best method for organizations to contact OK, NV, HI and will reply back when I know more.
California method follows for organizations to oppose CA bitlicense (again):
**Particularly if you represent an organization, such as EFF or another nonprofit, or for profit org such as an Exchange, or you maintain a crypto project on Github for personal or professional purposes:**
a) go to 
b) look for the link near top right of the page which takes you to a guide for Advocates. Review the content.
c) for position letter submittal on AB 1489, AB 953, and AB 147 (please oppose all three in your position letter - links to the actual proposals are in my above comment so you can independently review and assess them), click on the green button at top right of the Appro page to Submit a Position Letter (you select the analyst or Committee it goes to later).
d) If your organization is listed select it from the dropdown as part of the process following the Submit a Position letter button (which takes you to the California Advocates page, a portal maintained by the State of California). If your org is not listed then please Create a new organization and fill in your organization details to proceed. If you do not already have an Advocates account set up with the State of California it will prompt you to set up an account and register.
e) once you do the above steps you will need to upload a position letter from your organization (nonprofit or for profit or github project whichever it is). Track the bill and submit additional position letters before any Committee deadlines for comment.
f) Thank you.
@_date: 2019-02-28 22:15:55
Thanks for your vid and thanks for posting it - I have several comments on the video, keeping it simple:
1) The bills will, if passed, profoundly alter and arguably harm, not only the exchanges themselves, but also the individuals (both ordinary individual casual or professional users) in addition to various small and mid-size businesses. The bitlicense bills, after failing to pass three times in the past in California alone, are indeed given a new flavor - one which is more likely to appeal to a user who doesn't care too much about such bills and what they do to businesses so long as they carve out apparent "exemptions" for individuals.
2) Any apparent exemptions you find in the ULC sponsored bills (most recently introduced in California, Oklahoma, Nevada, and Hawaii) are more of a marketing tactic for the bill(s) than exemptions in fact (this is wholly apart from the fact that nobody should have to find a way to use bitcoin that involves finding loopholes and exemptions; Wyoming has adopted bitcoin related laws, but these are designed to _encourage_ rather than _discourage_ users of decentralized systems.). Any exemption to a licensing regime can be modified or stripped away. Any definition in a bill like these once accepted by a legislative body, can and often will be altered as time goes on to provide the harshest possible measures an unfriendly state can exact upon a population suffering under such measures in the first place. The comparison I provided - comparing California's past policy trajectory with that of Venezuela's - is valid and is not alarmist at all. Even someone rubbing two or three neurons together can see that the policy trajectory - the "legal river" that California's legislators have committed to navigating and pursuing - is hostile to free speech, inimical to general expression, and is antagonistic towards the free market system which we thoroughly enjoy and benefit from as bitcoin users straddling two worlds: one, the new world of the decentralized ledger and all that implies, and the other, the world of a struggling and declining fiat system oriented within, and controlled by, the banks, within the context of rules they create and wish to wield against us.
3) The ULC sponsored bill(s) seen now in various states are a threat to nascent industry and an evolving system which has no need of such onerous proposals - _no matter what form the proposals take by the end of the legislative session._ They should never be accepted _in any form_ - ever.
4) Such bills once approved can be easily altered or amended, and / or implementing regulation can (and will) be adopted which has additional requirements, documentation steps, etc.
5) Even before NY bitlicense - a regulatory action which was the first bitlicense in the USA - came to be, growing numbers of users found themselves deboarded, having funding suspended, banned from certain services, or even sanctioned. Typically this would occur, and does still occur, in relation to client use of fiat services at the periphery of the crypto world - those legacy system services which interface with the evolving cryptosphere.
As noted in my earlier comment with all the links, I recommended that redditors read the comments of who provided certain logical counterpoints to my assertions. I don't agree with all that SolarCrypto says, and that is fine. I encourage everyone assess (the various proposals) for themselves and construct a message you feel comfortable transmitting to your particular legislative group who you wish to contact on this matter. (Hopefully you will do so.)
I have some analyses relating to who is funding the politicians involved with these bills, but I will reserve my publication of that analysis for a later comment or interview.
Thank you @_date: 2015-07-18 09:41:46
Right on the money. :-)
@_date: 2015-08-19 05:02:35
Yeah, it's a serious concern. No-one should be switching over to XT.  And I agree re. the BIP100 proposal as well.  
@_date: 2019-02-26 12:49:25








I have no plans to retire in California and I can move if I have to. I did have plans to stick it out here for several more years, but one to two is now more likely. Besides, I might just pack up and go to Wyoming where apparently laws are being passed to _encourage_ people who do business involving bitcoin or bitcoin-like systems, instead of banning us or discouraging us. Shouldn't we be able to live in a place where we are not punished for using bitcoin, speaking freely, and exercising various rights?
I am here now in Cali. While I am here I will try to keep people from being subjected to proposals like those discussed here in this post. I won't be in this State forever.
@_date: 2019-06-30 11:33:44
We managed to defeat bitlicense for the fourth time in as many years. The latest effort of the ULC / Coin Center to pass bitlicense in California and various other states has not passed any Legislature in any State. Per CalChamber, the California bitlicense bill, AB 1489 (2019-2020) will be shelved for this year. It should be watched however, since it is always possible the author could try again next year (it is a two year bill).
The bill author's minions in their Legislative offices in CA actually contacted me recently to ask why their bill was defeated again. By way of reply, I politely asked them to stop introducing the same failed proposal over and over again, I mentioned that the ULC's bitlicense - a multiyear, multi-state effort - has never been passed (not in any US State) - and I also mentioned that if they were serious about passing a State law, they should copy Wyoming's 13 blockchain bills (which did pass in 2019) word for word.
I also suggested they try contacting "Caitlin Long in Wyoming," as I explained to the California legislators, "she'll get you on the right track." :-)
@_date: 2019-12-02 16:26:57
I think Keiser is wrong here (regarding his descriptions around the Chinese developments). It was pointed out (by Tim Prime, in a Quora answer on Chinese economic conditions) that "Research done by the Economic department of the University of Helsinki shows that of all the debt issued since the 2008 crisis… Chinese (mostly government) banks are responsible for half…" and that China has been outstripping the "entire world economy in terms of debt issuance," but with Chinese consumption having lagged and exports dropped, the question Tim Prime posed was, "what does China have left to pay these debts back?" 
And the answer is not clear, except that the problems China experienced may explain in part why they have been pursuing a digital renminbi (part of China's policy now).  
Which (the digital renminbi) is not by itself a surprise since China has been publicly working on it a while. The question is will this thing work? Dovey Wan has written a thorough article explaining elements of China's approach to it here:
I am not here to be an apologist for the digital renminbi developers or for China. Rather, I just wish to point out their plans may fail leading to significant and further suffering across China.  (And if the digital renminbi does work out, it isn't going to be a threat to other nascent cryptocurrencies, but likely would require a long path of its own for adoption just for use in China.)
China is a creditor to US and their balance of trade is positive with most countries (hello trade agreements vs trade wars), which will help, but I think there are some ominous signs for the Chinese economy that some would rather shrug off or suggest can't happen.
@_date: 2019-02-26 04:57:56
Actually, contact State legislature members. These are all state bills. Find Committee members and analysts on those Committees of State Legislatures that will hear the bills. Get many people to contact them. Works well.
Thank you for the temp-pin. Much appreciated, will help to get awareness heightened about this.
@_date: 2019-06-30 19:50:22
True dat. This case decision is very positive for Wyoming-like laws (see  that are permissive and extend trade across all states, and is a death knell for NY bitlicense and NY-similar California bills that have not become law.
In addition, there are broad implications here for the superiority of the USA model (at least, superior in terms of how Wyoming does it and in terms of what the US Supreme Court decided in the Tennessee Wine case) as being superior to the UK-EU27 model post Brexit. While the EU falls apart and passporting across EU disappears, a solid crypto-friendly Wyoming system employing a bank-like organization can be ported not merely across US States without burdensome multiple permitting regimes needed every time you cross a state border, but as well can be extended to the whole UK and EU27, with proper legwork and preparation.
@_date: 2019-12-04 08:49:50
21,000 years ago - Last glacial maximum: ice sheets down to the Great Lakes, the mouth of the Rhine, and covering the British Isles.
21 million years ago - Apes split off from other monkeys.
That's all - just kind of an arbitrary point. Nothing to fuss about.  21, thousand or million, in any event, we all must be ready to evolve.
And so, in evolving, here is what we arrived at, a bit of an arbitrary guessing, but one that worked.
@_date: 2015-07-17 04:01:44
Well said.  As the op on this, I would like to point out there was a time when I proposed exactly what you just proposed in your comment ([something to send part of the transaction fee to fund more developers for core infrastructure]( and it then got denied by bitcoin developers.  It was, of course, my humble attempt to bring the subject of microtransactions into the much-needed area of microdonations for core development.  Thank you for bringing that up, by the way.
@_date: 2019-12-01 11:36:06
This is neat, but tl;dr it is really just basically Germany's wrap-up of their AMLD5 implementation.  The difference being that the banks want to ensure they are positioned to be able to do business in the custody environment, be it for retail or corporate.  This is no surprise.
@_date: 2019-02-26 23:45:06
Thanks, Joe. Please do use the links provided in one of the earlier comments to contact the legislature(s) and Governor(s) on these bills.
@_date: 2015-07-17 03:10:10
You can't have a functional network if it doesn't work for billions of people.
@_date: 2019-02-27 23:20:59
I disagree with your assessment of what this will mean for individual users down the road, but I appreciate the time you took to elucidate on the bills as they appear from your analysis. 
I apologize if I was harsh. I can be that way. I have fought this stuff for years. I know you are not responsible for these bills being proposed again and I am certain you want the best for people as do I.
I have modified my top comment to direct redditors to your analysis so they will get a different point of view than mine if they are skimming this thread.
Thanks for commenting.
@_date: 2015-07-13 01:27:04




My comments:  Two thumbs up to developers for the privacy elements in this version and for this direction.  For those interested in seeing more privacy in bitcoin, see these issues ([1]( [2](
@_date: 2019-06-20 16:27:14
You are a deluded entity. Good night.
@_date: 2015-07-17 20:57:01
I believe there are some solutions, some of which have been suggested here in reddit and others which have been suggested in github, and I will post them in the github thread shortly.
@_date: 2015-07-17 03:13:30
Someone made Bitcoin.  People are still developing bitcoin.  Nobody is "making impossible demands of what (...) Bitcoin should do."  Rather, an argument is being made that bitcoin development, by developers, should be done differently.  The argument that "microtransactions and scalability together are simply impossible" simply shows the inherent bias in your point of view, an entrenchment that will lead further down the road to increasing fees and overall coast of transacting in bitcoin.  It is not impossible, it only means that you think it is impossible and you are currently being unwilling to consider other alternative viewpoints (although in the future, I hope that will change).  Furthermore, and finally, the points being made in github are not "impossible demands," but rather, are reasonable points of view.  I urge you to consider them.  Thanks for your time.
@_date: 2015-07-16 22:23:02
This is really excellent stuff.  Thanks for the post.
@_date: 2019-02-28 15:34:53
Capitalism already beat the Soviet Union and the Berlin Wall. In the marketplace of ideas, crypto already wins. 
Still have to work to defeat proposals by the banking industry, Cali legislature, and NY though. The bills in Oklahoma, Nevada, and Hawaii right now (apart from the bills in California mentioned) are clones of bitlicense pushed quietly in those states by the Uniform Law Commission in hopes we wouldn't notice.
We noticed. Contact the Legislatures and Governors mentioned and reply back to let us know how it went.
@_date: 2015-07-17 21:12:14
Better yet, create solutions that are workable for everyone in the long run, rather than exclude large numbers of people in the developing world in these early phases of development and make it more difficult to turn around and attempt to include them later, which won't happen. I will describe soon on github some ways I think that can happen.
@_date: 2015-07-04 07:10:30
@_date: 2019-12-01 19:37:50
This has been overhyped in this sub, imho (whereas the Wyoming developments haven't gotten enough exposure).  Simply put it is not surprising to see Germany resolve its AMLD5 situation (which is what this is really about), but it is surprising to see a story on that get a high level of upvoting in the r/bitcoin sub, while the Wyoming stories on banking innovations that welcome bitcoiners get minimal interest and very few upvotes in this sub, causing such stories to be minimized in visibility. You could go back and forth about why that is, but in the end many in this sub have actively chosen to avoid seeing stories about the most innovative opportunity area right now, which is not in Germany, but is in Wyoming.
@_date: 2015-07-17 02:47:40
Indeed, and it has a new website that is emerging (still under development, [sandboxed site under development here]( [Education Committee sandboxed site under development here]( which has been a long time in coming, but which has been gradually created by various members with the idea of distributing aspects of how it will be kept up and run.
@_date: 2019-02-10 14:32:13
@_date: 2019-12-08 08:23:08
This is what one might call a power move.
@_date: 2015-07-17 06:07:30
I read your comment with interest.  You may also be interested to know that I authored [ABIS]( and that the [first issue opened associated with ABIS on github]( ended up resulting in the spinoff of a new project known as [Value Chain Distribution Protocol](  [Subsatoshi]( is the reference open source implementation of the Value Chain Distribution Protocol, and thus as you see, provides an existing method for distribution of value across a large number of related stakeholders, powered by very small off-chain cryptocurrency transactions, a.k.a. microtransactions.
@_date: 2015-07-17 03:55:24
Microtransactions have always existed in bitcoin and have indeed been supported on-chain since bitcoin has existed. However, fees and other policies are leading to a crowding-out of microtransactions (depending on how you define them).  See discussion of the details of that matter [here](
I disagree that they only belong off-chain.  There are ways to support them on-chain.  Please see the github for an extended discussion, which covers two examples of use cases of how microtransactions are currently being handled on-chain.  I believe dismissive statements (such as "they belong off-chain") to be part of the problem ~ just as soon as someone perceives that there are many "micros," the modern, heavily privileged crowd calls it a "dust problem" without looking at the matter as an opportunity or re-examining how to turn the issue into a benefit instead of always to problematize it.  Unfortunately, in part because of a privileged culture that views real decentralization for the many to be a threat to the few (the "large," the "big holders," etc), there has been a tendency to problematize this issue rather than examine it from the perspective of an opportunity.  It's very sad, like a culture of segregation.
Re. "An economic reality:"  
It's interesting to note that people actually design this economic reality of which you speak, and it can come crashing down around you at any time.  You have ability in decentralized, distributed economic systems (most cryptocoins) to weigh in on development; this doesn't mean that your thoughts will be considered.  It just means you can weigh in.  In the "Fed" system, no amount of sending letters to Congress or commenting on a rule or protesting around a central bank is going to have any effect.  You could be Geithner or Lew or Putin and it would have no effect.  That system is just done and screwed now.  It's just done and gone.  On the other hand, in bitcoin, you have bitcoin-dev and which can be accessed on github, bitcoin/bitcoin, which is open to anyone.  That system changes as a result of development which is what developers do, and that "economic reality" you are talking about changes in according with what nodes, miners, and more will or won't do and what developers think should be done with code.  Perhaps this is an overly simplistic way of describing the whole thing, but that's kind of it in a short explainer.  
Thus, the "economic reality" is constructed over time, and we each have a role to play in helping it come to pass.
@_date: 2015-07-17 20:53:54
That is a short-term solution.
@_date: 2019-12-01 23:31:06
I hope you are right, such that the Wyoming language and concepts are able to spread not only from USA state to state, but also will result in collaborations on the international level that respect the user and the innovators in industry.  That would be great to see the German groups communicating with Tyler Lindholm, Caitlin Long, and others who have been deeply involved in the Wyoming developments. It is my impression that there may be an existing process by which the Wyoming crypto bank (special purpose) institution can be recognized expressly in UK and this also may be portable to Germany crypto institutions now. If I recall correctly this is a "4A" process via the FCA, unless there will be later a more direct route for the institutions to recognize one another.
Will continue to watch this closely.
@_date: 2015-07-18 02:15:49
I'm hopeful to see this soon! Thanks for the quote.
@_date: 2015-07-16 23:16:30
I fundamentally disagree, and I feel that by gradually adopting policies which have the overall effect of excluding microtransactions (and gradually increasing fees and costs), then bitcoin developers that choose to support such policies end up excluding the developing and underdeveloped world (billions of people), and essentially find themselves ruling by policy in such a way that will end up being not so far from what banks do.
~ pcvcolin, 
   [Chair, Education Committee]( 
   Bitcoin Foundation
@_date: 2015-07-17 09:39:03
Indeed, there are coins that handle microtransactions better than bitcoin does presently, but that does not mean that the current development trend that I pointed out (op link) should be ignored. Rather, as I reasonably argued in the github thread on bitcoin/bitcoin, both short-term and long-term bitcoin development approaches should be altered to address the issue differently as time goes on, instead of allowing the status quo to continue.
@_date: 2015-07-03 01:19:44
I've been asking to build something into Mycelium LT (and perhaps into other Mycelium products) that will be helpful for those of us who are planning for crypto-only, or are in the process of minimizing bank contact or who have completely ceased bank contact.  [Link to conversation here.](
This is not hypothetical, or merely a political gesture of some, look at Greece, France, Puerto Rico...
@_date: 2017-04-28 08:20:03
Right, and their new "patch to fix it" is not a patch to fix it.  It's simply trying to gain trust of people whose trust they violated.  In other words, they are trying very hard not to lose customers, and they are trying very hard to continue to deceive people.  
I hope this will be a lesson to anyone who has considered using them or is using them, to stop doing so.
@_date: 2019-12-03 17:05:54
Upbit: (internal conversation hypothetical)  "our situation is dire, um, let's abscond with everything"
"Should we pretend we died or claim we got hacked?"
"The second thing. The claim we got hacked. Yeah, that. Then move funds around via the 'hacker'"
"We can't figure out where half the money went because the people we got to collude with us on this scheme departed with the funds somewhere. What to do?"
As implausible as this sounds something like it is playing out at a crappy exchange that has no record of security and whose originators only want to exit soon with as much cash as they can steal.
@_date: 2015-07-17 07:18:22
Thanks for that clarification.  I hope to see more examples (in time) of on-chain microtransaction solutions.  In this example of Subsatoshi and the concept of the use of the Lightning network, for when payments accumulate to above-satoshi amounts, to be on-chain (they are not on-chain until some accumulation happens).  But I also look forward to seeing this happen in purely on-chain processes, even though at the present time such microtransactions (depending upon how you define them, see github thread) are less and less supported by the development direction.  I'm hoping that this discussion has, at minimum, brought some awareness of the issue and sparked some interest in alternative points of view of how to approach the matter in the future.
@_date: 2019-12-01 23:27:38
@_date: 2015-07-17 22:10:11
Please see [my latest comment on this issue in github](
@_date: 2019-02-26 13:21:01
Or at the leaving for Wyoming stage. But while still residing in a State where this is proposed, yes, fighting stage still. Call your State Legislators.
@_date: 2019-04-16 15:35:16
Well, yes. But isn't this years old knowledge?
Some earlier exploration of the subject here, from around two years ago (I mentioned bitcoin in context of smart contracts, robots, and automation here in a pilot project discussion thread - scroll down after browsing to below link to find the bitcoin references):  
Distributed ownership in a voluntary, not compulsory framework (vyrdist in nature and voluntary - that is to say, in economically robust marketplace proposals that reject the notion of mandatory UBI) will reduce the cost of housing, business acquisition, and other things. Eventually you will be able to make passive income from robots with as little as a 5 USD equivalent in bitcoin or slightly higher investment, with profits corresponding to the percentage ownership you have of a robot fleet or housing complex with smart property implemented.
@_date: 2015-07-18 22:07:54
Glad to see this item resolved (I noticed Peter communicated with you on it), there are also a couple bitcointalk links to how to address this, but it looks like the stuck transactions you have provided a link to above are cleared now.
Side note:  The github issue [has also been resolved]( in favor of "Mempool limiting and dynamic fee determination" instead of a "static parameter change."  I consider this to be a good outcome.
@_date: 2015-07-17 21:00:19
I would be interested to hear what were the wallets and / or services you were using at the time of the attack.  No attempt to refute you, I am just curious to know how it happened, because I am aware there were attacks that were successfully carried out recently.
@_date: 2019-04-20 23:29:08
This is an important discussion and it is worth a reminder of the fiscal situation periodically in this sub. Thanks for the post.
@_date: 2016-02-02 05:40:19
It sounds like you will get bitten in the ass down the road.  Nor are you evidently listening to advice.  Best wishes.
@_date: 2015-07-17 03:49:56
There are not strict physical restraints which make the matter under discussion impossible, nor are the economic constraints strictly limiting.  Please re-check the github as there are some new comments from developers (and I have posted new reply there also).
@_date: 2016-02-12 07:54:53
BIP101 to the MOOOOOONNNNN oh not... HAHAHAHAHA 
@_date: 2016-02-03 00:53:48
You can't legally claim something first that's already been done.  Correction:  You can, but there will be nothing that will come of applications other than a pronounced upswing in litigious behavior and much rage as the number of patent trolls increase.  Until, of course, more patent reform occurs.
The bulk of the applications seen currently on the USPTO are for items or ideas that are unoriginal and not new.
@_date: 2019-04-24 03:07:44
Made me laugh because nugget of truth. Thanks for the chuckle.
@_date: 2017-04-27 00:14:02
Well said.  Thank you.
@_date: 2015-07-17 09:30:10
And yet, by some miracle, microtransactions happen on chain, on the network (without having to pay a miner tens of dollars for a fifty cent payment). But you are also free to say it is impossible.
@_date: 2017-04-07 08:20:07
Thank you for this.  However, it's not enforcing UASF on node for this (Segwit...).  Someone explain how one would actually (enforce)?
@_date: 2017-04-07 08:28:59
Right -- [see also this](
@_date: 2016-12-17 01:48:23
O.K. well, that's amazing!! Thank you very much for posting this ([source](
@_date: 2016-02-13 23:14:24
I suppose so, but I think this Internet Tax Freedom Act language should have been passed as its own bill and not as part of the TFTEA, which has certain provisions that many could argue against.  For example, the MPAA celebrated the passage of the TFTEA with great glee due to its anti-piracy, I.P. modernization provisions, but these same provisions are arguably anti-innovation and not clearly in the public interest.
@_date: 2019-06-20 04:04:16
Satoshi was in a movie? Do explain.
@_date: 2017-04-13 18:29:46
thank you for making these points.  If they don't want to get on board with UASF because they'd rather take advantage of a rigged system, that's their problem, we don't have to burn daylight trying to convince them otherwise.
@_date: 2016-02-21 04:27:57
Hm, I see. Please edit Google maps accordingly
@_date: 2017-04-28 08:25:57
Yes, savoring!  But don't forget while savoring that there is [a big fight ahead in CA](  And, since no doubt people reading this have gotten some gains out of the rise, please [don't hesitate to donate to the effort to overturn NY bitlicense]( which is going to have a major court hearing on May 4, 2017. 
@_date: 2016-02-03 00:56:20
People developing cryptocurrency software generally do publish the whole source code (free and open source, so that everyone can see what it is).  As far as who would rely on a patent license for this stuff, well, it is interesting you would ask that...  here's the (Bitcoin Core) license, as you can see, it's MIT, which is permissive.  
It didn't require they applied for a patent, the software repository just had a license put on it at some point by developers.
People who want to claim something for themselves are typically the ones looking for the patent licenses at USPTO.  The serial filing by BofA for non-new and unoriginal patents in the cryptocurrency space should, at minimum, raise eyebrows..
@_date: 2016-02-13 08:10:23
Amir infiltrated the Illuminati (it took some time) and returned with a hoard of what by all appearances was black gold.  It was actually dark matter.  The subject is discussed further [here, in mailing lists]( and also [in forum](
@_date: 2016-02-02 06:25:22
This is what you get for still using Coinbase, and for other reasons, I [stopped using Coinbase in October of 2014]( - and given everything I've seen reported about them since then, I'm quite happy about my decision.  Their freezing of accounts.  Their decision to support poisonous ID initiatives.  Their decision not to support certain types of industries, not to mention not sending bitcoin to certain countries.  As if that all wasn't bad enough, now anyone who is with them (at least for business) is utterly fucked because they just 1099ed you for every single transaction.  Good luck to you - glad I left well before this happened.  You should have learned your lesson and left long ago.  
p.s.  so you want alternatives? stop using Coinbase, Bitpay, etc. as wallets, utilize something like Electrum or Samourai, and try one of various [decentralized payment processors]( available.  Don't say I didn't try to help you, and please read your damn alternatives - STHU instead of complaining "oh Coinbase wronged me so..." geez you knew that it was going to happen, you have been warned for so long, but you STILL are using them!  Now stop!
@_date: 2019-04-20 03:00:30
Yep, that sums it up. The one I made recently stickied ("million angry kitt3hs" post about the ULC's / banks' fourth attempt to pass bitlicense in a bunch of U.S.A. states - this time in 2019, in CA, OK, HI, RI, and NV) is recorded in the stickied threads in bitcoin wiki. Those proposals are still in play in those states and it is appropriate to advocate against those bitlicense proposals especially if you live in one of the above U.S. states. For more info on that particular topic, see:
and, 
@_date: 2016-02-21 01:53:21
I get it, but there are surely other places in the world besides Québec.  
@_date: 2017-04-16 21:15:27
Not in NY, I would imagine.  But, you can help srpead the word about this post, I would imagine [since EFF was a huge help in defeating AB 1326]( (what would have been the CA bitlicense) and since [the EFF in fact opposed the NY bitlicense, stating, "it's too soon to regulate digital currency,"]( then you could [ask EFF to at least consider republishing / tweeting something about this latest effort to defeat NY's Bitlicense]( on their timeline.
@_date: 2016-02-22 01:06:08
I didn't say anything is wrong with it.  It's simply that it's not the only place in the world that exists. Surely you get that.  There are other places in the world that do exist and that could (or already do) provide areas of land suitable for solar energy, wind, or hydro-powered sources.
@_date: 2015-07-17 21:04:48
Not fair! :-) Someone (not naming names) pushed this onto buttcoin and didn't bother to check to see what a good project Subsatoshi is (e.g. didn't do their homework).  But that's ok.
@_date: 2016-02-13 23:15:19
Interesting.  Well, this is relevant to bitcoin, and other similar things, IMHO.
@_date: 2016-02-04 08:31:35
Interesting article, but I think the issues are a lot bigger than the first-to-file points raised in this article. Thanks though!
@_date: 2016-02-03 00:50:07
Not if it's unoriginal or not new, or [a software patent that proposes to cover an insanely abstract and broad idea](
@_date: 2019-04-20 23:22:25
Quite correct. Bitcoin stands on its own. It needs no political help. What is odd is how some are unable to see that this mention of virtual currency in a presidential platform is just a crass attempt to curry some votes. The same candidate who has mentioned virtual currency regulation in his campaign platform _also promotes UBI,_ a proposal doomed to failure by MATH.
If you value math over political promises, don't give your vote to politicians that promise to "help virtual currency regulation" when all their party has really done is make a crummy regulatory situation worse - to wit:
The Wyoming legislators are the only electeds in the United States of America who have approached the issue of virtual currency legislative proposals with both rigor and logic, all while being deferential to basic math. Those campaigning for elected office just see bitcoin regulation as a possible feather in their cap. Don't fall prey to presidential campaign trickery.
No thanks, Yang.
@_date: 2017-04-14 21:59:09
Please support, if you aren't able to donate at this time, please spread the word through your socmedia channels.  Thanks!
@_date: 2017-04-26 02:05:08
The below is a letter I just sent through [the Governor's e-mail form]( it's just under the 6,000 character limit.
Dear Governor Brown,
I am sending you this message in my capacity as a long-term resident of the State of CA. I serve as a volunteer as Chair of the Education Committee of the Bitcoin Foundation, and I am a member of Advisory Boards for the Lifeboat Foundation (Safeguarding Humanity), including the following Boards: Complex Systems Board, Human-Nonhuman Relationship Board, New Money Systems Board, and Philosophy Board.
I urge you to Veto AB 1123 if it arrives at your desk.  (AB 1123 is Dababneh's third try at passing bad legislation on the subject of usage of what now are over 700 distributed, decentralized virtual systems, which have applications that cannot be simply described as "money," since they are actually decentralized ledgers and a form of public expression.)
Just as with the (twice defeated) AB 1326, the "new" AB 1123 proposes the exact same language:
"A person shall not engage in any virtual currency business in this state unless the person is licensed or exempt from licensure under this division"
We object fundamentally to this.  
As with AB 1326, this flawed bill, AB 1123 fails to focus on security of exchanges (which would not be a problem if that's all it did). Instead it tries to regulate the behavior of all individuals who might ever use any of the over 700 distributed, decentralized virtual systems, either bitcoin or those systems similar to bitcoin (which is a serious problem inherent in the bill).
if you are a merchant and you utilize virtual currency ONLY for purchase or sale of goods and services, you're exempt under AB 1123. But if (as a merchant for example) you use it for ANYTHING ELSE, blam, if this passed, the state thinks you would need to go to jail (if AB 1123 were to pass).  Under violation of money transmission laws!
Make any donations? You're a criminal under AB 1123! Sending it to your friend's startup without permission of the state? You're a criminal under AB 1123!  This bill is fatally flawed. 
Just like AB 1326 (2016), this bill (AB 1123) as proposed would actually remove the protections users have from AB 129 ('Lawful Money,' approved by you as Governor June 28, 2014, filed with Secretary of State June 28, 2014). The passage of that law freed innovators in the state so that they would not have to be concerned with unreasonable regulation. This bill would actually remove your ability completely to have bitcoin or any other virtual currency be used as lawful money in California.  Would you sign into law a AB 1123, which proposes actually to remove the protections of users that you already signed into law?
Additionally AB 1123 would create a tremendous monitoring burden on the state and would require entire surveillance departments to be created to monitor and surveill literally hundreds of decentralized systems.  What would be the point of such costs? Such surveillance and monitoring would no doubt conflict with laws that the State of California has already passed, such as CalECPA (SB-178).  Under CalECPA as signed into law, search warrants are required before the state can have access to electronic information.  Do you want to have a vast surveillance apparatus of the State of California attempting to serve us all with search warrants because Dababneh doesn't understand innovation?
AB 1123 is very similar to the approach that New York took when it adopted its bitlicense. When New York began implementing its requirements that many virtual currency users would have to be registered and be licensed with the state of New York, and additional requirements such as identification of users and submittal of information to the FBI (to name a few), it was immediately evident that such requirements are inimical to free speech and expression. Many companies opted to leave the state of New York or have ceased to operate in New York as a result.
A partial list of the companies that immediately left New York were: BitQuick, BTCGuild, Eobot, Genesis Mining, GoCoin, Kraken, LocalBitcoins, Paxful, and Poloniex. Kraken, an exchange headquartered in San Francisco, California, said that the license, “comes at a price that exceeds the market opportunity of servicing New York residents. Therefore, we have no option but to withdraw our service from the state.” These companies and more will make a similar exodus from California if AB 1123 is adopted. (BTCGuild nearly had to shut down, citing NY's bitlicense as a reason. It was noted that whether BTC Guild is based in New York "does not matter" and BTCGuild suggested that its pool could face significant legal liability regardless of its location because "the final regulations have enough gray area that BTC Guild is at risk."  While BTCGuild remains in operation, passage of laws like AB 1123 are enough to drive businesses out of the state.)
As we saw in the case of New York, these companies didn't just leave the state, they stopped serving New York customers. That's what will happen to Californians, too, if AB 1123 passes.
Finally, and importantly, I think that AB 1123 violates the U.S. Constitution, which prohibits states (in part) from:
1) Coining money, passing bills of attainder, ex post facto laws or impairing contracts
2) Passing laws imposing import taxes or duties
Notably, and arguably, AB 1123 does all of the above.
We defeated California's bitlicense TWICE PREVIOUSLY (as AB 1326), and we don't want or need AB 1123 either.
As an aside, shouldn't there be a requirement that if a bill has been twice defeated, a substantially similar bill shouldn't even be allowed to make it up to the Governor's desk, or if it does, it should be your policy to veto it?
To me, and to hundreds of thousands of others across the State of California, Dababneh has become a "vexatious legislator," because despite the strong public outcry that has twice defeated the proposed California bitlicense, he has resolved to keep bringing up this bad bill.
I urge you to send a message to the Legislature that you will veto this bill if it reaches your desk.
@_date: 2016-02-03 00:48:32
That's an excellent article ~ thanks for posting it!
@_date: 2016-02-14 22:41:39
Thanks! :-)
@_date: 2017-04-13 18:34:09
Most excellent, thank you!
@_date: 2016-02-13 07:42:42
See this issue if you are interested in eventual development of the new (not deprecated) [OB with Tor and / or I2P](  Note it's not an immediate priority and there are questions about how to do it, but it could be done...
@_date: 2015-07-17 20:53:33
Personally, I think that the details that are being emphasized through [a recent research paper on the subject of fees and subsidy]( uphold some of the reasoning that I have emphasized on github (e.g. concerns as to the spiraling upwards of fees) and yours (relating to the subsidy and sustainability of the current process).  I believe there is a better way to address this rather than simply dragging fees upward and excluding billions from the market, but I'd rather explain how to do so on the github thread than here and will do so shortly.
@_date: 2016-02-02 06:35:47
You seem like a smart person, if you did reach out to them, then I don't need to respond further.  Someone will respond and provide some good guidance and probably a suggestion or connection(s).  
For anyone else reading this, who is still wondering, proof of concept, or PoC, can be read about more [here]( or [here](
@_date: 2016-02-13 06:01:41
Short answer is no, although CT can be done right now.
@_date: 2016-02-02 11:26:44
I definitely think you should care.  It's (to me) a lot bigger than what some patent holder might do in some future day against a bitcoin startup, although certainly the chilling of innovation will be one bad effect of allowing people to patent things that are not new.    The other aspect of it is that the nature of what is being done (if you look at the filings) is a shot across the bow at free and open source culture.  
An ancillary effect to the applications (particularly those of Coinbase and the Bank of America, and arguably some others that can presently be seen on USPTO) is that they appear to be launching a shot over the bow at FOSS (free and open source software) developers who release software into the public domain on open platforms such as github and bitbucket where projects such as bitcoin (and over seven hundred other similar projects in the virtual currency space alone) are licensed under MIT or GPLv3.  In the case of GPLv3, if you convey a covered work, knowingly relying on a patent license, and the Corresponding Source of the work is not available for anyone to copy, free of charge and under the terms of GPLv3, through a publicly available network server or other readily accessible means, then you must either (1) cause the Corresponding Source to be so available, or (2) arrange to deprive yourself of the benefit of the patent license for this particular work, or (3) arrange, in a manner consistent with the requirements of GPLv3, to extend the patent license to downstream recipients. It may be, therefore, that free and open source cryptocurrency projects will be better protected from patent trolls by having a GPLv3 license rather than the MIT license that has been used with bitcoin.  However, the bulk of these patents we are seeing being filed simply are copies of pre-existing technology.  They utterly disregard even the patent process itself, indicating that they are likely to be submitting ongoing amounts of lots more patents until they get what they want - perhaps their first attempts will fail,but eventually they will secure some patents which allow them to control significant aspects of cryptocurrency movement on the bank side, and to suppress any active development by what today is free and largely unrestricted tech innovation in the decentralized, distributed open source software space.
Keep in mind the TPP is very likely about to be signed, and that [it contains a provision banning the transfer of or access to source code of software](  This is clearly part of an attack in stages on the free software movement, which in fact not only bitcoin but many thousands of software projects have relied upon in order to transfer code from one place to another and to share access to software.
These patent applications can be opposed, but I suspect that even when people are successful at opposing such patents, organizations such as Coinbase and BofA may refine and refile them, seeking to centralize control over virtual currency systems, and will likely become a serial applicant for bitcoin patents of a general nature. It will likely become necessary for the bitcoin community to rally not only to defend itself against Coinbase, but against numerous other patent trolls who will emerge in the near future.
One can just as easily envision the US government filing these patents as you could Coinbase or BofA (and eventually doing so on "national security" grounds). To me, this makes it even more urgent that we make precedent for defeating patent applications for general concepts that are written in a way intended to quell innovation in the development of decentralized systems.
@_date: 2016-02-02 02:59:06
I have read your other posts on reddit so I gain a basic understanding of your thought process and angle here, and what it is that your interests basically are.  Look, it doesn't matter what your idea is, the important thing is that you make a a proof of concept done, put something on github and launch it to github pages, and get it in front of someone like the reviewers (and investors associated with) Bitcoin Plug and Play. Get a reaction from them and get input.  Yes, I understand you are looking to take in investors money and day trade it for capital appreciation and undertake risks, but you have to disclose the software and full details of business model in front of experienced people like Plug and Play for that to mean anything. Full Stop.  Cheers
@_date: 2016-02-13 07:48:17
Go [here to check out the Tor / I2P issue](  Contribute by comment or pull request.
@_date: 2016-02-12 08:07:24
Stop. Using. Coinbase.
@_date: 2017-04-13 18:32:17
Actually the Bitcoin Foundation has a really excellent announcement to make that I'm about to post, I hope you'll spread the word.  They are trying to get out word about their campaign to oppose NY Bitlicense (will post this shortly).  There are good things the Foundation do, I chair the Education Committee.  I don't mean to point out that there should be centralization, quite the contrary, just that there are good things that are done.
@_date: 2017-04-25 23:32:30
That cool shit you are talking about is Bitcoin, look what happened in NY when they passed bitlicense there.  It's worth fighting it again and giving it a third strike here in CA.
@_date: 2016-02-12 08:10:55
Actual logic in "A call for consensus."  Not bad. OK, now let's see it happen, hopefully... soon?
@_date: 2016-02-19 21:35:10
For those reading this, did you know that [on the teleconferences for this Web Payments group]( "There are no costs associated with joining the group or limitations on who may join the teleconference as long as they agree to the [Web Payments community contribution agreement](  And when you read the community contribution agreement (CLA), it reads in part:
    2.1. Copyright Grant. I grant to you a perpetual (for the duration of the applicable copyright), worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, copyright license, without any obligation for accounting to me, to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, distribute, and implement any Contribution to the full extent of my copyright interest in the Contribution.
    2.2. Attribution. As a condition of the copyright grant, you must include an attribution to the Specification in any derivative work you make based on the Specification. That attribution must include, at minimum, the Specification name and version number.
3. Patents.
    3.1. Patent Licensing Commitment. I agree to license my Essential Claims under the W3C CLA RF Licensing Requirements. This requirement includes Essential Claims that I own and any that I have the right to license without obligation of payment or other consideration to an unrelated third party. With the exception of the provisions of Section 5 below, W3C CLA RF Licensing Requirements obligations made concerning the Specification and described in this CLA are binding on me for the life of the patents in question and encumber the patents containing Essential Claims, regardless of changes in participation status or W3C Membership. I also agree to license my Essential Claims under the W3C CLA RF Licensing Requirements in derivative works of the Specification developed by the Project, provided that my Contribution remains intact in those derivative works. However, no additional claims are made Essential Claims in the combination of my Contribution with derivative works of the Specification.
    3.2. Optional, Additional Patent Grant. In addition to the provisions of Section 3.1, I may also, at my option, make certain intellectual property rights infringed by implementations of the Specification, including Essential Claims, available by providing those terms via the W3C Web site."
This is basically about the total opposite of permissionless innovation.  It completely discouraged me from getting involved when someone suggested I join back in early 2014.  And despite the fact that [I have participated by invitation in a W3C workshop in the past]( my long-standing objections to W3C's CLA requirements for participation in Web Payments Group have been ignored.
What do I mean by permissionless innovation?  Rather than the “rules” which are indicated in [Open Stand’s model of permissionless innovation]( I concur with the idea of disruption (as an element mentioned by Open Stand), but prefer refinements by way of suggestion in the below checklists.
Positive checklist (answers should be “yes” or you should have evidence of consensus):
1  Are you moving forward with your idea, without seeking permission?
2  Do you have methods for releasing information about your idea(s) that do not involve licensing or copyright?
3  Will your ideas help others by being shared, or are they likely to help create a path to alternatives to the society in which you exist presently?
Negative checklist (the answers should be ‘no’):
1  Are you seeking permission from someone else to proceed with your idea, such as:
    an entity who demands payment, 
    a corporation-state demanding you obtain a license to assemble and protest, perform your research or distribute your work, 
    an organization that wants to pre-clear your idea before you proceed.
2  Do you require a licensing regime in order to broadcast your ideas?  (You may have a license applied to your work already, but this question asks if you would require licensing in order to broadcast the ideas and let them move out into the world.)
If it’s a software project:  Are you requiring a CLA for others to use (innovate, expand upon, etc.) your ideas?
3  Are your ideas limited solely to inform yourself or a small group, or to benefit yourself or a group of like-minded individuals?
@_date: 2016-02-04 08:58:14
I don't take any offense, thank you for your contributions, and I hope that you and many others contact EFF (or OpenMedia) and legislators to communicate your point of view about these emerging issues.  Thanks for clarifying that you are emphasizing that the one holding the patent may likely be a prevailing party (given money, time, conditions, etc..)  Cheers!
@_date: 2016-02-13 23:44:04
(Laughs) Yep, "tacked something good onto crap," I suppose that is just exactly what happened here.
@_date: 2016-02-15 07:19:32
No matter how you look at it, the halving will be a significant event.
@_date: 2017-04-25 03:41:49
Some have stated this bill would somehow "exempt p2p exchanges."  Let's be clear about one thing, p2p exchanges (and bitcoin itself) were never under the purview (or any real control) of the state anyway.  To allow this to pass would to be making ridiculous concessions, especially since we have defeated this twice already.
***TL;DR:  Just go to the CA Governor's contact form at  and fill it out, in the message field, just ask him to "Veto AB 1123 if it arrives at your desk, we defeated California's bitlicense twice previously as AB 1326 and don't want or need AB 1123 either." Anyone can do this anywhere in the world.***
***And then go [contact EFF by e-mail]( and ask them, polititely, to help us SEND A MILLION ANGRY KITTENS AT THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA UNTIL AB 1123 IS WITHDRAWN, JUST LIKE THE PREVIOUS VERSIONS OF CALIFORNIA'S PROPOSED BITLICENSE.***
One of the first provisions you'll read in the proposed bill (AB 1123):
"A person ***shall not engage*** in any virtual currency business in this state unless the person is licensed or exempt from licensure under this division"
Getting the message yet?
Then there are exemptions like this:
"A merchant or consumer that utilizes virtual currency solely for the purchase or sale of goods or services."
So if you are a merchant and you utilize virtual currency ONLY for purchase or sale of goods and services, you're exempt!  But if (as a merchant for example) you use it for ANYTHING ELSE, blam, if this passed, the state thinks you would need to go to jail.  
Donations?  You're a criminal!  Sending it to your friend's startup without permission of the state?  You're a criminal!  CRIMINAL! CRIMINAL!
And, an argument can be made that the state cannot even evaluate bitcoin as money.  So how can Dababneh's proposed law fly?  The answer is it can't.
I doubt any of the proponents of this have examined the possible penalties that people would be subjected to if, for example, someone simply wanted to (horrors) DONATE bitcoin to someone. 
This is nothing more than a rehash of AB 1326 (which we've defeated twice) with a few more exemptions, so that the state can try to justify a takeover and neutering of bitcoin use in CA like it did in NY. 
Remember what happened to NY?  Everybody does.  ***Most exchanges fled the state.***  NY became like the little North Korea of bitcoin.  Theo Chino bravely battled on there, [and is still fighting the NY / "NK" government in court, with the support of the Bitcoin Foundation and various donors](  
Do you want that kind of shit to happen here in California? Do you really want us to have to fight the California legislature in court?  How about we just defeat this damn thing a third time, and again if necessary?  
In the past I have asked people to evaluate what they really want for California and [have made meaningful suggestions for what we would want in a law](  And, in another post, SIX MONTHS AGO, after we had twice defeated AB 1326 (and following the enactment of some awful North Carolina bitcoin law), [I submitted some other ideas for what we could suggest to put in a CA state law so that we could build upon our success in defeating AB 1326 instead of waiting for Dababneh to come back yet again with another horrible bill](
Yet another horrible bill (AB 1123) is what we have!
STOP AB 1123.  [WRITE EFF]( TELL THEM TO FIRE BACK UP THE ELECTRIC ADVOCACY MACHINE AND SEND A MILLION ANGRY KITTENS AT THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA UNTIL THIS BILL ALSO IS WITHDRAWN.
Point out that a challenge can be raised based on the U.S. Constitution to AB 1123, also:
***AB 1123 also violates the U.S. Constitution,*** which prohibits states (in part) from:
  1) Coining money, passing bills of attainder, ex post facto laws or impairing contracts
  2) Passing laws imposing import taxes or duties
Notably, and arguably, AB 1123 does all of the above.
KILL THE BILL!
@_date: 2016-02-13 23:11:38
The connection to Bitcoin is clear.  If it were legal for government(s) to tax internet access, it would be more difficult (probably on a state by state basis) for people to access the internet.  Many people would not even be able to realize broadband connections because of what would have been the cost of the tax.  This in turn would make it more difficult for many people to utilize bitcoin, even though there are ways to broadcast a transaction without using the internet.
Apart from that, it is counterintuitive to be aiding the state with taxes paid for internet access when what you are trying to do is utilize peer-to-peer systems that would circumvent legacy, state-based systems.
@_date: 2019-04-07 20:07:57
Hi, just a brief observation. Many times developers will test things in alts and sometimes will incorporate things from alts into bitcoin. So even if you feel there is no use for alts just keep in mind they serve a lot of useful purposes for bitcoin and beyond. 
Proof (see my comments on this here): 
@_date: 2017-04-11 10:24:56
Excellent.  Thanks.
@_date: 2019-12-02 00:39:22


Good summary of these developments.
@_date: 2016-02-04 09:13:30
This ("There is potential here to build a global work &amp; labor market over the internet that is facilitated through bitcoin and much, much larger than Mechanical Turk is today") is absolutely true.  I want to bring a couple points to the table in connection with this post:
- [this](
and also,
- [this thing](
@_date: 2017-04-27 00:11:17
Not just China anymore, is it.
Thanks to those who helped expose this and get the word out.
@_date: 2017-04-26 00:53:45
[Tell that to these folks]( who helped defeat CA bitlicense twice previously.
@_date: 2015-07-15 07:35:37
Personally I think OpenBazaar is already about to edge out eBay, Amazon, and similar services.  Check out more about [how to build and use OpenBazaar here](
@_date: 2016-02-13 23:12:01
@_date: 2016-02-14 06:45:28
Some notes for people reading this who may be getting their panties in a bunch over what some California court will do about bitcoin and whether it will in fact have any practical, meaningful effect on how people transact:  tl;dr, effectively, the answer is it won't impact anyone, really.  Unless you anticipate going to court over something like this.
See comment of who remarked that what is happening here "might end up being binding in California bankruptcy court, but nowhere else.  Persuasive, maybe, but the IRS, CFPB, and any other entities can continue choosing their own definitions."
I disagree that merchants and individuals will have a tough time if a California court classifies it as a commodity because people will keep doing routine transactions, donations, disputes and refunds, however they want.  However, if they are actually disclosing the transactions under the tax code (as businesses or nonprofits might choose to do especially if they are trying to get deductions in the US) then this kind of thing applies:
"As a brief description of  CA State law which has focused on this issue, cryptocurrency is understood to be legal to to transact with in California pursuant to AB 129 ('Lawful Money,' approved by the California Governor June 28, 2014, filed with Secretary of State June 28, 2014).  Additionally, the IRS treats cryptocurrency as property, so this means that from a reporting standpoint, [donors who choose to take a deduction will be at an advantage](
As per IRS Notice 2014-21, most individuals or organizations receiving the virtual currency as a donation, though it is not technically a payment for goods or services, would be required to (in computing gross income) include the fair market value of virtual currency in U.S. dollars as of the date of payment or receipt.  Because the virtual currency (cryptocurrency) in question is listed on an exchange and the exchange rate is established by market supply and demand, the fair market value of the virtual currency is determined by converting the virtual currency into U.S. dollars (or into another real currency which in turn can be converted into U.S. dollars) at the exchange rate, in a reasonable manner that is consistently applied.  (An example of such an exchange is  which shows currency pairs such as BCN-to-BTC and BTC-to-USD.) 
However, for nonprofits or exempt organizations, any gains accrued due to the appreciation of digital currency assets are non-taxable.  Second, and perhaps more importantly, most donors will now realize an extremely attractive tax benefit when donating appreciated cryptocurrency.  (An example of a nonprofit that has done so is BitGive.)  Thus, cryptocurrency donations to, for example, 501c(3) organizations that have announced their acceptance of cryptocurrencies, may be written off at fair market value without creating a capital gains tax liability for donors.  A multi-step guide to donations for individuals, nonprofits or exempt organizations [can be found here]( that focuses on cryptocurrency."
Most people probably don't bother to disclose their cryptocurrency activity, and I'm personally not an advocate of allowing the State a window into one's financial affairs.  But if you choose to do so, then there are ample ways to utilize your cryptocurrency activity in a way that can create huge write-off possibilities - because the IRS allows those who donate cryptocurrency directly to a registered charity that has a wallet address, to write off the full fair-market value of donated property (cryptocurrency), which has been held for longer than a year (up to 30% of one's adjusted gross income), without you or the charity paying any capital-gains taxes - which is significant for cryptocurrency investors and charities alike.
CYA Note:  The above should in no way be construed as legal or investment advice.  If you actually need legal or investment help go consult your attorney or investment advisor. Etc.
@_date: 2017-04-07 08:18:27
OK, a helpful link... thank you.
@_date: 2017-04-17 05:07:28
I have nothing to do with Coin Center, but I have long opposed Coin Center's approach to the issues.  Some of my opposition to Coin Center's approach [is described here by me](  Most people familiar with my past posts on bitcoin issues would say that I am adversarial (against Coin Center) when it comes to Coin Center approach(es).  That's fine, and that would probably be accurate.
I currently serve as a volunteer (Chair, [Education Committee]( for the Bitcoin Foundation.  [This is what the Education Committee does]( -- there actually are not any more weekly conference calls, it's more just people occasionally conversing or working on some resource or project.  Various resources that have been published by Education Committee in the past now need to be updated and there may soon be a more coordinated effort to actually do that.  Some people have asked if I get paid.  I do not get paid and I do not solicit any donations nor will I ever for anything I do for the Foundation.
In putting up [a link here which asks for donations]( any bitcoins donated are going to a special wallet (which I do not handle in any way) which is designed to raise legal funds for Theo's case against the NY Bitlicense.  
*“We are not afraid to entrust the American people with unpleasant facts, foreign ideas, alien philosophies, and competitive values. For a nation that is afraid to let its people judge the truth and falsehood in an open market is a nation that is afraid of its people."* -- John F. Kennedy
@_date: 2017-04-06 09:00:53
I do not believe in coincidence.
@_date: 2016-02-21 00:55:03
Sounds good, but technically, wouldn't a great place for cheap electricity (thinking renewables here) basically be anywhere where there is either
1) a ton of sunlight and open land (solar) or
2) access to the ocean (tides) or moving water (rivers)? (South America or Greenland come to mind for some reason)
@_date: 2016-02-13 06:09:25
OK, this is the ultimate coolness, I have signed up. Thx.  Looking forward.
@_date: 2017-04-13 18:10:39
1) I hold bitcoin &amp; also alt(s).  I won't touch BU with a 10-foot pole.
2) BU is increasingly desperate and flailing.  
3) Remember the Asicboost scam.
4) Go UASF.
@_date: 2019-04-16 15:16:17
How does one stop stupidity and pigheadedness (or insanity, for that matter)? If stopping rampant stupidity and stopping abuse of the legal system were possible, we would not have to be fighting bitlicense proposals a fourth time this year in California legislature (it has been defeated three times previously). It may even be an insult to pigs to have mentioned them in this context with Wright and Ayre. But my point is avoidance of bad actors is your best bet here. 
Btw, since we are discussing abuse of the legal system, please oppose bitlicense proposals in CA, HI, NV, OK, RI (where ULC has proposed bitlicense again this year). And try to ignore bad actors like Ayre and Wright, who will always be creating legal drama.
@_date: 2017-04-06 03:30:12
To - thank you for this proposal, to thanks for the post.  Really good to see people have eyes on this and are working to address it.
@_date: 2017-04-26 13:48:28
I sent substantially the same thing to EFF as well, but with some additions encouraging them to turn their advocacy machine onto this issue.
@_date: 2017-04-16 21:36:49
Thank you!
@_date: 2016-02-25 01:01:54
It's absolutely bitcoin related.  If people aren't serious about getting bitcoin used for member payments in an organization that calls itself the Bitcoin Foundation (which I happen to be a member of) then I think my post raises legitimate questions about the future of that organization.  It also should make you ask questions about why more people haven't adopted bitcoin generally (or why they utilize third party services instead of decentralized payment processors).
@_date: 2017-04-13 18:08:35
This is not the only reason why I don't visit bitcoin.com - what a bunch of rubbish, really.
Instead of focusing on what users need and on development, it's just drama.
@_date: 2017-04-06 03:58:40


I have long argued for UASF / soft fork solutions in the past ([example]( [another example of soft fork discussed, but in the context of drive chains vs. side chains]( but I gave up when I saw there was so much infighting.  That was quite a while ago.  Now I think there is hope for this to happen.
@_date: 2017-04-07 08:21:41


Description:  "After UASF code is properly vetted, provide deterministically-built binary for distribution"
That's narrowing it down.  Thanks for the proper link, it looks like that's the right place to watch.
@_date: 2017-04-25 04:56:12
True!  Although, if you live in Dababneh's district, please do write in and tell him to withdraw the bill ([in the comments to author section for AB 1123, which requires login]( The more people demand it be shelved, the better.
The way we've beat this before, though has been with the help of the EFF, Bitcoin Foundation and via the helpful opposition of hundreds of thousands of people across CA who not only used EFF forms online to [contact their legislators]( but also who [contacted the Governor]( and asked him to veto it if the bill ever were to reach his desk.  So a multipronged approach works, but only if a lot of people ***get on it*** and continue to oppose it.  It will not be easy, because the Dems have supermajority and can pass basically anything, but a bill that has been defeated twice (and has not been changed much since it was last defeated) can indeed be defeated again -- even in this political climate in CA.
It's worth pointing out (when you write your legislators and the Governor about this... again, for the third time) that not only should we not be seeing this at all (after all, we defeated it twice), but in light of the existing tax rate in the state being higher than basically everywhere else in the country, in light of the passage of SB 1 (gas tax increase, registration increase), in light of the proposal of SB 640 (tax on all services in the state), it is unconscionable that CA would even consider prohibiting CA residents from being able to accept or even donate currency without a permit (AB 1123 - substantially similar to AB 1326, which -- again -- we defeated twice already in California).
***STOP CALIFORNIA'S AB 1123 -- THE THIRD ATTEMPT AT BITLICENSE IN CALIFORNIA.***  We've seen what NY's bitlicense has done - it has destroyed bitcoin for users in that state.  Similar problems have occurred as a result of North Carolina's anti-bitcoin law.  Let's not repeat those errors here in California.
@_date: 2016-02-05 02:46:01
Thanks for checking them out!
@_date: 2016-02-13 06:04:32
The part where you said "we're getting there" is perhaps the best 'sums it up' part of the comment on privacy development today.
@_date: 2016-02-02 09:42:45
You said, "when the time comes that QCs are actually able to crack today's crypto," and it looks like [that will be now less than four years](  Your thoughts on this and best approaches given that time scale?
@_date: 2015-07-17 09:34:38
See comments from and my replies as part of this overall conversation.
@_date: 2017-04-02 03:51:02
I'm really glad to hear of this progress.  I think this is the second major Lighting related announcement I've heard in a month here in r/bitcoin?
Thank you!
@_date: 2019-12-12 09:29:16
This needs a bump!
(Would be great if the authors could certify which projects they have funded and how much also.)
@_date: 2016-02-02 09:47:58
I'm glad to hear that you are saying that, I chair the Education Committee of the Bitcoin Foundation, for what it's worth...  I always have an eye out for this kind of thing... so any little bit of help someone wants to lend to this effort, thanks in advance!
@_date: 2015-08-06 04:33:23
Ah, ok, so you have more time... So as to my other questions regarding the matter of the Core vs. XT node?
@_date: 2017-04-26 00:42:08
To everyone in the state, and beyond, who defeated this garbage twice previously. [Example]( [another]( and [another](  As I've stated before, our answer to this must be to KILL IT WITH FIRE.
You can see [the history of opposition to CA bitlicense even in the CA legislature](  sent to Appropriations suspense, eventually sent to inactive file, pulled from inactive by the idiot Dababneh, who tried again, and failed to get any support for it.  Thus it was defeated twice.  Huge numbers of people opposed it across the State for that to happen.
We knew he'd be back a third time, though.
As some may recall, State Senator Holly Mitchell helped get this bill put on the inactive file initially.  We need to connect with her and other Senators and people in the Appropriations committees (CA Assembly and Senate) to put a stop to it.  Again.
As to the "why," I think I adequately explained that back in September 2015, when I stated ([in commenting on our initial victory upon the defeat of CA's proposed bitlicense the first time](
***"While we should remain vigilant (the California legislature reconvenes on Jan. 4, 2016, and could attempt to take up the bill again), this is a victory we should celebrate. California should not be allowed to fall prey to the same blunders that have cast New York in a financial stone age, and we deserve the freedom to be innovators (without state sanction) both in the making of new decentralised systems as well as in our daily actions and explorations of new systems."***
I continued: ***"Had this bill passed the Legislature and been signed by the Governor, it would have criminalized startups and any users who donate virtual currency, as well as making oppressive permitting requirements standard in California for literally every use case not expressly exempted by the law."***
Not only was this the case with AB 1326, the initial anti-bitcoin bill, but it remains the case with AB 1123 today.
When commenting about this on other social media, such as facebook, diaspora, twitter, etc., I encourage the use of these hashtags:
   
This will help people search for and easily find posts by people who are coalescing around opposition to AB1123 and help ensure that we can defeat it a THIRD TIME.
Thank you.
@_date: 2016-02-21 00:42:20
Since when did statements on twitter, or statements by anyone (on a mailing list, or on github, or anywhere) equate to "consensus?"  This is not to say I don't agree with the general outline of where they are going - a [medium post that has been released by Bitcoin Roundtable]( (that is only 5 hours old atm) looks good to me.  But I don't think it really equates to "consensus" just because they said it was so.  At some point, I'm gathering, won't consensus be clear based on what the miners are actually running?  (Add to this the additional complexity that the halving adds to this all, or put another way, as aptly put it, "So the near-unanimous consensus of a handful of rich people in a room in China has been reached. Thank God the entire Bitcoin community is in agreement again" ~ HAH!  (Disturbing, yes, but andyrowe is certainly, albeit sarcastically, on point.)
I'm also guessing there are at least some (preliminary) indications of what people have been thinking in that regard, which can be visualized, [here](
This reveals that over the past 7 days, 
for BIP100,
BitFury	has mined 129 blocks
KnCMiner	 has mined 40 blocks
and also over the past 7 days,
for 8 MB (blocks containing string "8M" in their coinbase scriptSig (i.e. miners supporting block size increase to 8MB))
BW.COM	has mined 81 blocks
AntPool	has mined 5
Note that BW, Antpool, and BitFury (who are shown above as supporting at least with preliminary block size indications over the past time period) have also signed [the statement which was released on medium](
I'll believe this is "consensus" when I see it appear in the code and the majority of those who can are actively mining using it, I guess. 
@_date: 2016-02-03 01:03:41
Technically, I think that the existence of bitcoin (and over seven hundred other similar, but different decentralized, distributed virtual currencies) which predated all of these patent applications, as well as many innovations which were developed under open source licenses similar in nature which predated these patent applications, will (or should) override this abusive use of patent law.   
And I strongly encourage anyone who cares about this matter to contact the EFF and OpenMedia (and legislators) as has been pointed out in my post that kicked off this discussion, rather than just claiming that trolls who patent pre-existing things are the winners by default.  Thanks for your time.
@_date: 2017-04-11 10:22:38
@_date: 2017-04-13 18:54:57
I am a volunteer, nobody spends money on me, so instead of complaining about money you think I shouldn't be getting (that I don't) then [please direct your attention to this](
@_date: 2017-04-25 23:31:31
I volunteer for the Bitcoin Foundation as Chair of the Education Committee, until I am told otherwise.  I receive no pay and solicit no donations for anything I do in this capacity, as I said, volunteer.
I have repeatedly organized opposition to CA bitlicense on two previous occasions (along with many other people who did the same) and right now the Bitcoin Foundation is organizing resources to fight NY bitlicense in court.  
Say what you will, but Bitcoin Foundation has been doing good stuff lately.
I am a strong supporter of privacy and anonymity efforts, and individual user empowerment and choice, and will continue to emphasize that in what I do related to bitcoin development issues.  
@_date: 2016-02-14 21:24:00
Excellent, thanks!
@_date: 2019-12-01 19:58:39


In most banks' cases, little or nothing at all. (Really minimal protections of one's ownership of assets.) However in the case of Wyoming this is arguably the best place in not only the USA, but also the world right now with respect to crypto-friendly law development that both enhance the industry while also protecting the client (client has title / direct ownership even when the client under these Wyoming laws can elect to authorize a bank to custody them). Some more details:  
Edit:  Adding this link for even more current info on recent developments related to WY - 
@_date: 2017-04-06 03:48:35
A couple days ago, [BitmainTech Israel Ltd opened its ConnectBTC pool to global bitcoin miners](  Am betting now people are thinking that whole operation is scam and should be shut down.  Am I wrong?
@_date: 2017-04-25 07:36:36
Someone please claim that website now.  
edit:  looks like it's taken, but his .org is still available
also:  If people in the 45th Assembly District / San Fernando Valley were exposed to more (targeted Facebook ads maybe? something they would be very likely to see?) about what Dababneh has been doing, we could gradually peel away votes from him and get him unelected, maybe.  I wonder how many people in the San Fernando Valley actually know that Dababneh wants them to have to get a permit from the state when they go out and do certain things with whatever it is they want to buy stuff with?
@_date: 2017-04-20 19:23:16
I am surprised the paper on this (linked in the article) didn't suggest increased use of broadcasting via radio or television (as part of the countermeasures list in the paper).  
[[Example]( (bitcoin over radio)
[Example - [github]( [project page for bitcoin over TV]( (television, DVB-T - which covers most of Africa, Russia, India, Australia, all of Europe etc etc)
Neither of the above options requires internet.
@_date: 2017-04-25 23:35:09


Yes.  
@_date: 2016-02-25 00:56:54
Yes, I think the user should be able to decide whether to use Tor or I2P (which BitLox allows the user to do fairly easily) or just use the native application.  In any event, there should be clear support methods and they should be easy, no matter what wallet you are using (Bitlox, Electrum, Core, whatever).  For example, with Bitcoin Core in the latest version out (0.12.0), "Nodes will now detect whether Tor is running and if it is they will automatically create Tor hidden services and connect to other nodes through the Tor network. No manual configuration is required."  
@_date: 2016-02-15 05:01:01


(quoted from @_date: 2018-11-25 18:47:35
As day traders sell off this opens a whole new opportunity for people that are willing to and smart enough to enter at the lowest it has been in a while. 
I recommend reviewing this:
Even now, bitcoin is outperforming stocks, real estate, bonds, and gold.
@_date: 2019-01-09 09:14:39
I would argue that bitcoin is not yet completely quantum safe. It is however preparing better for a post QC world than various other crypto systems.
@_date: 2019-01-09 09:07:40
No worries? Hope you are not hodling a bunch of low-cap coins then. Most aren't prepared for a post-QC environment.
@_date: 2018-03-02 08:31:20
I don't doubt that you are correct about that, but this isn't about what you can or can't do now.  It's about what the bill as proposed would do (the problems it would cause) if it were signed into law. There are actually three states right now where bitlicense bills have been proposed:  Hawaii, Nebraska, and Alaska.  It would seem that since they've failed repeatedly to pass bitlicense in California, and since numerous exchanges left NY (where a bitlicense regulation was approved), the bitlicense proponents are now targeting smaller states where they think they may be able to sneak the proposals through due to that no-one is watching what they are doing.
But believe me, people are watching.
@_date: 2019-01-09 09:15:14
Schnorr does not equate to quantum resistance. 
Conputers can be joined or networked, or just improved. 20 qubit caps are no obstacle to having hundreds of qubits effective.
Note: Schnorr has been part of bitcoin repositor(ies) for years.
See my prior comments on Schnorr, bitcoin, and other systems here: 
Curve25519 researchers initiated much of the (pre-2015) work on Schnorr signatures, and it also originally entered the Bitcoin world thanks to Greg Maxwell and Pieter Wuille who implemented them in libsecp256k1, a library that was (still is) planned to replace Bitcoin's use of elliptic curve cryptography. In fact, you can see for yourself where the Schnorr ring sigs were merged into the repository, here (August of 2015):
@_date: 2019-01-09 09:06:24
Quantum computers are good at whatever they are programmed to do. Ultimately they are no better or no worse than some other things - they are just a lot faster.
@_date: 2019-01-09 09:34:48
Not much point  to discuss Grover much in this context (of the crypto discussion) unless one is seriously contemplating practical mitigations as well for inevitable post-QC attacks.
Note: suggested a logical mitigation during an interaction we had in Jan. 2016. sgeisler said, and I quote, 
"if you use algorithms that build on top of Lamport Signatures you can achieve stateless many-time signatures. Sphincs for example uses Lamport Signatures, but in a way that enables you to use the same keypair multiple times (edit:)without the need to remember the state of your key (  )."
@_date: 2019-01-31 17:07:29
Use duckduckgo to search the term "NY Bitlicense" or even "California Bitlicense," or search "bitlicense" plus "New York Attorney General," then come back here and tell me that has nothing to do with bitcoin.
Not sure if you are shortsighted, unaware of recent history, or just a nitwit. Maybe all three?
@_date: 2017-04-26 06:09:09
So, I'm not sure if I can ever convince you, if I haven't already.  
But I'm willing to give it one last shot.  Here, humor me, and [read this]( - start to finish.  It should take you about two minutes at most reading fast.
After you've read it, let me know if you think AB 1123 won't impact many people, as you seem to suggest.
@_date: 2019-01-31 17:09:38
Are you purposefully being daft?
@_date: 2017-09-16 17:16:15
I fully recommend what you have just suggested, also.  See one of my prior posts on it:
Still would love to see more contributors to Thunder now that it makes more sense to do so, though.
@_date: 2019-01-09 09:40:56
@_date: 2019-01-28 02:27:12
Early downvoting observed on this post. I know "bitcoin isn't about custody" but save the lecture on first principles of bitcoin, since we all know it (qualified custodian of some kind) is required for many larger firms to enter the market, or for others, just to have the option.
Yes, this is also an opportunity to discuss multisignature options. Don't dis it.
@_date: 2019-01-31 17:22:45
Some commenters on this post somehow failed to see the relevance of a NY AG's tweet on Anything having to do with bitcoin.
You may or may not remember, but most exchanges fled NY and no longer serve NY because the former NY AG championed bitlicense regulation. Please do not pretend that you don't remember that fuckery by NY. It still exists and is being fought in courts. Meanwhile, Lawsky the former NYAG, went on to work in crypto for an organization that sold out its base by hiring Lawsky. Look it up!
If a NY AG (in a state, the only state, where bitlicense exists) says, "New Yorkers should not have to choose between their private communications and their privacy rights," it then follows that if that NY AG is being honest and sincere about such a statement, then that AG would have to recommend that the NY bitlicense be revoked and rescinded.
Of course she is not honest and sincere at all. But words matter and the NY bitlicense hurts people. To say it does not is simply ignorance and lunacy.
For those who did not do their homework:
Or just search reddit for the word bitlicense.
Get with the program and learn to read and research.
@_date: 2019-01-09 16:17:05
This is true.
@_date: 2018-02-13 11:48:42
(Bump) Notice the downvotes on this from the Coin Center people.  Please feel free to copy / paste / crosspost for visibility.
@_date: 2019-01-09 09:12:22
The best answer here is "it depends." It depends on how you hold bitcoin, it depends on whether developers other than bitcoin developers take this seriously (to some extent bitcoin already has an improvement plan for this), it depends on how many coin systems get taken out / end up in DCS (dead coin status) over the next couple of years, it depends on how the first few attacks in a post QC environment impact crypto ecologies. 
You are better off with bitcoin, but everyone has more work to do.
@_date: 2018-02-21 06:52:20
Sweet smell of victory.
@_date: 2019-01-09 09:31:13
"magnitudes more efficient" ultimately means faster.
Also, time.
@_date: 2018-03-01 22:24:56
Just out of sheer curiosity and in case someone is actually reading this:  has anyone actually asked their exchange(s) of choice how they feel about these proposed bills?
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:11:19


"If you ban math, I shall add one plus zero until you scream for me to stop."
- 01010011 01100001 01110100 01101111 01110011 01101000 01101001
@_date: 2018-02-14 11:21:34
How to contact EFF: 
Ask them to help stop the onslaught by Coin Ctr and ULC in Hawaii and Nebraska.
How to contact Nebraska Bitcoin Association 
How to contact Crypto Hawaii 
Theo Chino's Abolish the bitlicense site: 
The above are just a few suggestions, please feel free to add more.
@_date: 2017-09-16 18:22:39
lnd is compatible with, and designed for, both bitcoin and litecoin.  Read up.
See also BIP-199 (related to this discussion, but different due to that it is BIP track for Bitcoin)
@_date: 2019-01-09 16:19:51
"Just because Schnorr is in the repository doesn't mean it's actually being used."
^ this is true
"Also schnorr signatures have a hash in them making it virtually impossible for a quantum computer to(...)"
^ this is not true, regarding the claim of virtual impossibility.
@_date: 2017-09-15 22:04:25


instread?  
Next they will want sporks (and free airdrops of new shitcoins daily straight from Core).  Why not be happy with Core instead of the sporking?
@_date: 2017-09-18 04:55:14
His lack of perspective would be amusing if it weren't sad.
Since bitcoin transactions can now be broadcast not only over the internet, but also over the radio, televison, and now via satellite to at least 2/3rds of the world (which will keep the Chinese government from being able to censor what the rest of us are doing), it would seem that it is his selfish business model that is fucked, not the rest of us.
@_date: 2017-09-16 17:19:39


As another commenter pointed out, lnd, lit and eclair are in process.  However, and this is my rough understanding of these, these don't yet have the ability to run at or in excess of the Visa line, which itself maxes out at 54,000 transactions per second in terms of its maximum capacity.  Hypothetically, lnd holds such promise with further development.  Maybe the answer is to take what was learned from Thunder and have developers from that repository (and others) contribute directly to lnd, and then from what is generated in the lnd repository, propose pull requests to Core ( so that the changes would be incorporated in the real bitcoin.
Of the three implementations you and the other commenter mentioned (lnd, lit, eclair), lnd holds the most promise.  It can be found here:  
@_date: 2017-09-16 17:31:02
Great find - thank you!
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:15:03
Gavin Newsom.  He'll become Governor of California and then he will swear to sign Dababneh's CA bitlicense bill (which has failed to pass several times so far) into law.  (It has not yet made it to the Governor's desk.)  Then we will defeat him (and the bill) again and keep going.
Screw the fascists. Effectively, there will be no more legislature as far as I'm concerned, just bitcoin, in terms of what matters.  Lift a glass to the future.
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:11:19


"If you ban math, I shall add one plus zero until you scream for me to stop."
- 01010011 01100001 01110100 01101111 01110011 01101000 01101001
@_date: 2017-10-31 03:51:34
Thank you ! (!!)
I encourage all readers here to read about and support Theo's case against NY's bitlicense. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:05:50
I fully agree. Bank FUDsters and BCHers / ChinaCoiners will be in full panic and their propaganda machine is already cycling up even more than before, but it overall is a win for bitcoin and for those of us interested in helping develop it and make it part of our future.
@_date: 2018-02-26 08:05:51
I did a double take on this post, then realized what he did. Pizza for life would be o.k. too, but I think the purchase was done with the original two pizzas..
@_date: 2018-02-15 11:14:51
How to contact EFF:  
Donate to them... also...
Please ask them to help stop the onslaught by Coin Ctr and ULC in Hawaii and Nebraska, where Coin Ctr and ULC are trying to get bitlicense passed. (EFF has led the charge before in California -- having been the primary organization that helped defeat the CA bitlicense proposals AB 1326 (2015-2016), which was introduced and defeated twice, and AB 1123 (2017-2018), which was introduced once and defeated once. Dababneh, the legislator who was the "author" of these bitlicense proposals, and who constantly took donations from banks, has now resigned from the Legislature following some sordid scandals.)
How to contact Nebraska Bitcoin Association 
How to contact Crypto Hawaii 
Theo Chino's Abolish the bitlicense site: 
Thank you.
@_date: 2017-09-15 05:23:33
If Monet, Degas, Cézanne, and Matisse were alive today, and if they were discussing bitcoin in a cafe, this is how they would describe S2X and contentious hard forks.  
You, have my admiration for this succinct and artful description.
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:15:03
Gavin Newsom.  He'll become Governor of California and then he will swear to sign Dababneh's CA bitlicense bill (which has failed to pass several times so far) into law.  (It has not yet made it to the Governor's desk.)  Then we will defeat him (and the bill) again and keep going.
Screw the fascists. Effectively, there will be no more legislature as far as I'm concerned, just bitcoin, in terms of what matters.  Lift a glass to the future.
@_date: 2017-09-15 04:19:24
FWIW I am an opponent of UBI, but that's a very long discussion not suited for this thread. My thoughts on it are laid out in another thread here if you are interested.  I respect all points of view on the subject and it's an interesting debate, but the math of UBI doesn't pencil as a long-term solution (including via crypto) for reasons I've described at length elsewhere (see below thread(s) for details).  There may be, as some have argued, interim solutions that involve systems like UBI to address increases in technological development in society, but in the end what does pencil are solutions similar to Vyrdist alternatives which have been described in the discussions I've laid out before.  In fact, if you want to engage in a pilot program that addresses this curious future rather than waiting for it to occur, you may do so (this is also described at the link below).
I do agree with you, however, that most in the CA legislature (at least those who are Dems, including those who have voted in favor of the failed CA bitlicense in the past) are unlikely to actually lend CA bitlicense enough support through to process to allow it to succeed, in part because they think (mistakenly) that crypto is the gateway to their idyllic dream of a UBI (that will not come to pass anyway).  If that is part of what contributes to their inability to pass CA bitlicense (although I would argue EFF opposition is the main thing that is stopping it so far), then great, so much the better.  I care not what the dinosaurs think in CA's legislature, so long as they lose.
p.s. I like your username, very neat!
@_date: 2017-09-07 20:22:43
Pamela, this is a well done piece of work and it stimulated a much needed discussion.  Thank you.  [I also recommend reading this]( (not as in depth as your solutions, but it gets you thinking).
Of course, if you have cryptos wrapped in an IRA in the USA (or in Canada now in a TFSA, as Canadians are now able to store bitcoin in a Tax Free Savings Account, or in Zug, Switzerland at Bitcoin Suisse, etc.) then you can simply designate beneficiar(ies) for the event of your death or permanent incapacity.
@_date: 2018-02-04 21:07:09
This is very true and I've pointed this out to friends and family on occasion.  It's the kind of thing you should point out to your parents if they are still alive.  
That chart you posted about USD declining purchasing power over the last 100 years can be compared and contrasted to this one which shows [bitcoin market capitalization over the last couple years]( if you really want to drive the argument home that you should consider shifting assets to bitcoin.
Then there is the inevitable "but, a bubble!" question.  For those sort of questions, again present *realtime* data, [such as this]( which shows that actually, we are not in a bubble, at least not at this time (though there have been a couple bubbles in bitcoin's past which can be clearly seen with the NVT measurement system).
If you are trying to figure out how to describe to someone how to safely store stuff for the longer term that you have acquired, [this answer may help]( (though if it is your mom or pop you may need to help them through this process, quite honestly).  
@_date: 2018-02-04 20:37:41
TL;DR this world you refer to already exists and was predicted by Davidson and Rees-Moog back in 1997 [I think it was Rees-Moog actually, who specifically predicted the decline of seignorage in the modern economy]. (The best version of their book is the 1999 1st edition.)  See:  *The sovereign individual : mastering the transition to the information age. by Davidson, J. D. &amp; Rees-Mogg, L. W. (1999, 1st ed.) ~ New York: Touchstone / Simon &amp; Schuster, Inc.*
[Link previously discussing this in r/bitcoin, around a year ago](
Quick edit:  Yes, I am aware that the decline of seignorage is not equivalent to sovereignty, but considering that [2/3rds of the world has already largely liberated itself from many of the trappings of what economic systems used to be]( the decline of seignorage is certainly beneficial to individual and group sovereignty insofar as economic issues and decisions are concerned.
Quick edit2:  You can spell it seigniorage or seignorage, in English, and it means the same thing.
@_date: 2017-10-31 06:22:50
Absolutely - Thank you - without being able to take criticism (and tough experiences, etc.) and learn from them, where would we be?
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:05:50
I fully agree. Bank FUDsters and BCHers / ChinaCoiners will be in full panic and their propaganda machine is already cycling up even more than before, but it overall is a win for bitcoin and for those of us interested in helping develop it and make it part of our future.
@_date: 2017-10-31 06:14:40
hey no fair I'm also part Irish (but I can't stand Feinstein, she doesn't represent me)
@_date: 2017-09-07 21:33:32


If ever there was a chance to get a "void it all, because the requirement is stupid" bill introduced, it would be in this Congress, with this administration.  It may not have a grand chance of passing in the USA, but good luck even getting a "void that crap" bill so much as introduced in a Dem controlled Congress, or under a Dem-led administration.  I am simply pointing out the facts of the matter.  You want to do it?  You are a lobbyist?  Now is the time.  Get off thy ass and create repeal opportunities.
@_date: 2017-10-26 08:55:30
I for one appreciate Slush's points.  Some good thoughts on both sides of the link posted by op to this latest twitter argument, but frankly the most thoughtful remarks were provided by Slush.
Adam Back also provided some insight (condensed into a tweet, which is not easy to do) regarding the return to profitability of the REAL bitcoin post-fork:  "profitability remains unchanged until difficulty adjust, and gets easier and more profitable with less hashrate, post difficulty adjustment."
Thanks for the post.
@_date: 2017-09-08 05:31:09
You have my upvote. I'm not sure I'm a big name, but I'm glad this is happening.
@_date: 2018-02-23 06:42:56
Note:  A bitlicense has been proposed in Alaska, where it's been defeated before.  Perhaps they thought we wouldn't notice if they tried it again?  If you live in Alaska, register your opposition to the proposal 
( it's here:  )
If you are interested in opposing other bitlicense related proposals, including one in Nebraska that's been introduced but hasn't passed yet, go here:  
[And here are my thoughts on what we should propose instead of bitlicense](
@_date: 2018-02-13 07:28:52
I totally agree.   It is great to see, by the way, the recent innovations from (for example) Samourai, Core, and Lightning Labs, although these three are by no means the only ones helping to build the defenses.  
But thank you to all who have contributed to these efforts to make us more able to express ourselves and transact independent of the old guard.  It is appreciated.
@_date: 2017-10-31 05:40:58
Sadly, this bill's cosponsors are both Democrat and Republican.  I do think the situation would have been worse (for cryptos and bitcoin users) if Clinton had been elected - she had in development a whole committee whose sole purpose would have been do dump horrifying "policy solutions" for crypto and bitcoin had she got elected.  (No matter what you think of Trump, his team is unlikely to support this sort of proposal, so long as people make noise about it.)
But to the point, this bill is bipartisan.  The one good thing I can say about it is it's got rather few cosponsors, so should be not too hard to defeat this year despite the sort of foaming at mouth rhetoric in some sectors of Congress about the Dangers of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-31 03:41:29
If you believe in UBI, then your answer would be yes, but my answer is no.
For a ridiculously long discussion on that, involving a full discrediting of UBI, a discussion of vyrdism, cryptos, and other things, [see this](
@_date: 2017-09-17 03:42:56


I think you are assuming something here that I am not stating.
Rather than saying that lnd could be merged into Bitcoin Core, I am stating that a possible answer is (quoting myself from my above comment since you did not read) "to take what was learned from Thunder and have developers from that repository (and others) contribute directly to lnd, and then from what is generated in the lnd repository, propose pull requests to Core ( so that the changes would be incorporated in the real bitcoin."
As you can see, lnd has been touched on in some bitcoin pullreqs (and is likely to be further explored in the near future).  
Here is one example:
If you don't understand that, I can't help you.  Have a good evening.
@_date: 2017-10-31 05:36:00
It's not that you _can't_ keep coins in exchanges, it's that if you assume that the exchange is a safe haven for your coins, you are likely operating under false assumptions.  Certainly some exchanges are way better than others with respect to security, and they've improved over time.  But if you want to have true ownership over your coin, you will hold / hodl the bulk of it off exchanges (guarding your own private key with software / hardware you control).  This is why tech like Trezor and Ledger has become so popular along with [recent discussions of how to prepare for the eventuality of one's death to ensure your coins pass to your desired beneficiaries](  
It should also be pointed out though, as has been discussed in this sub in the past, that financial surveillance - warrantless financial surveillance - was previously authorized by Congress to allow the U.S. government (as a result of the cromnibus bill in December 2014) to spy on third party services, such as traffic with exchanges and other things (anything that they would be able to view moving over the wire that would not be encrypted or that would be vulnerable enough for them to view).  [This is discussed more in detail here](  Never mind that it's unconstitutional or that it violates certain state privacy laws - they are doing it. Don't try and fool yourselves by thinking that the federal government _isn't_ surveilling exchanges.  Finsurveillance is alive and well, and it's not just done in Russia and China, it's quite common in the United States as well.
So, to recap: exchanges are convenient, absolutely.  They serve an important function in the movement of money. But you absolutely should not _store_ your coins there.  Use the exchanges to the degree you need to.   And be aware that when you move coins you are likely now raising the attention of (or will in a few years) the IRS, which is hiring firms to mine for data and seek out users that the IRS eventually prosecute. All the more reason for privacy and anonymity developments to continue in bitcoin (and other currencies as well). 
@_date: 2017-09-08 16:31:47
Excellent points!  If the dinosaurs won't deregulate and get on board the bitcoin train, they will get left in the dust anyway.  Not like we have an interest in limiting ourselves based on shit that they make up.
@_date: 2017-10-31 03:37:56
This reminds me of a haiku, even though it is not. - S.N.
@_date: 2017-10-26 08:51:35
@_date: 2017-10-31 05:18:06
I was thinking exactly this earlier today.  What will happen when (as is increasingly the case) police round up kids who are running lemonade stands without business licenses from the city.... and without health department permits... and without encroachment permits from public works... you've heard these stories... then when they start drawing up the charges, they realize THE KIDS HAVE BEEN ACCEPTING BITCOIN.
This travesty of a bill would send children to prison.  And adults.  Regardless of the age, it's just a piece of shit.  
I'm not opposed to _some_ regulation, mind you. I've posted in this sub before suggesting  that if we want to avoid mindless regulation, we should at least [advocate for a security standard that would be required of all exchanges]( (at the very least, so that they don't get hacked so much).  
But I stop short at recommending regulation of individual behavior or at attempting to regulate bitcoin. To me, that's just madness. 
I like Slovenia's approach (sort of). On December 23, 2013 the Slovenian Ministry of Finance made an announcement stating that bitcoin is neither a currency nor an asset. There is no capital gains tax chargeable on bitcoin (imagine if the federal government were so enlightened in the United States!), however bitcoin mining is taxed in Slovenia, and businesses selling goods/services in bitcoin are also taxed.  I don't agree with bitcoin mining being taxed, but I wouldn't object to someone trying to set up a goods/services tax - I didn't say I'd like it, but I wouldn't strongly object to it, either.  I frankly don't think bitcoin can be regulated as currency by the U.S. government in the wake of the Bernstein v. U.S. Department of Justice decision (1996), but they seem to be rather insistent.  The years to come will see many court battles over this sort of thing.
@_date: 2017-09-07 20:31:39
This bill is stupid, because it should repeal any provision entirely that "requires" that everyone gets capital gainsed simply for buying something.  Making 600 dollar or less purchases "exempt" is just ludicrous because 2/3rds of the world is already in SystemD and largely ignoring government anyway.  
@_date: 2017-10-31 03:38:58
We are already in the new Red Scare, which is bad enough of course.  This sort of thing (this bill that _some legislators_ are still trying to push) would just criminalize people for being normal and living.  Oh wait... That was the Red Scare, in a nutshell, right?
@_date: 2018-07-06 16:04:58
This (RGB) has a lot of real-world applications in the immediate future. In fact for storage, transfer, and partitioning for distribution or sale of a variety of digital and physical assets, [this already has been explored]( but RGB could make it easier.
@_date: 2017-09-08 05:27:39
Think harder, I am speaking of a bill that would void the requirement for capital gains tax on bitcoin expenditures, period.  (A bill which sadly does not yet exist.) You are missing my context.   Try reading next time.
@_date: 2019-09-11 14:55:49
Also This for a list of processors (hosted and not hosted) that are NOT BitPay, and have other good characteristics:
Not on the list, but some may wish to try Mycelium Gear (hosted) if they needed quick setup.
The Awesome Processors list is pretty awesome though.
Thx alexk
@_date: 2018-07-06 15:55:46
Great work, here is one of the few projects worth contributing to in the space.
@_date: 2017-09-15 04:19:24
FWIW I am an opponent of UBI, but that's a very long discussion not suited for this thread. My thoughts on it are laid out in another thread here if you are interested.  I respect all points of view on the subject and it's an interesting debate, but the math of UBI doesn't pencil as a long-term solution (including via crypto) for reasons I've described at length elsewhere (see below thread(s) for details).  There may be, as some have argued, interim solutions that involve systems like UBI to address increases in technological development in society, but in the end what does pencil are solutions similar to Vyrdist alternatives which have been described in the discussions I've laid out before.  In fact, if you want to engage in a pilot program that addresses this curious future rather than waiting for it to occur, you may do so (this is also described at the link below).
I do agree with you, however, that most in the CA legislature (at least those who are Dems, including those who have voted in favor of the failed CA bitlicense in the past) are unlikely to actually lend CA bitlicense enough support through to process to allow it to succeed, in part because they think (mistakenly) that crypto is the gateway to their idyllic dream of a UBI (that will not come to pass anyway).  If that is part of what contributes to their inability to pass CA bitlicense (although I would argue EFF opposition is the main thing that is stopping it so far), then great, so much the better.  I care not what the dinosaurs think in CA's legislature, so long as they lose.
p.s. I like your username, very neat!
@_date: 2017-10-31 06:12:30
I don't think you read the bill very closely at all.
1) The Bitcoin Foundation read this bill before you did and raised the original concerns (before I had them).  They have a lawyer that looks at these kind of things.  They are legitimately concerned.
2) I am not a lawyer, but I went to school and got a couple of degrees.  I didn't need to, though, to tell you that you are simply wrong in your assessment of the bill.
  a) You claim that the bill governs "money services businesses."   It would, if it were passed, but that is not the only thing it would presume to regulate.  It has numerous sections.  Amongst these, the bill, if were to pass and become law, would:
  - in section 2 - the very first functional section of the bill - it would change Section 5316 of title 31, United States Code.  For your reference, that Section of U.S. Code, by a simple and plain reading, refers quite plainly to individuals and regulates individuals.   See the current version of U.S. Code:   This has to do with exporting and importing monetary instruments.  If this were to be applied to bitcoin - something which the bill clearly implies that it would - then it would certainly set the stage for a conflict in the courts given the decision of Bernstein v. U.S. Department of Justice (1996) and cases which came thereafter. 
You may compare that with the proposal if your have the time and your billable hours permit (no doubt you are being paid well for the trouble).
- in section 3 - this increases penalties from 5 to 10 years and enhances fines.  
In case you missed it, that section of U.S. code is one already hotly contested in the courts due to that it contains a civil forfeiture provision. Civil forfeiture in the United States is performed essentially absent of due process as required the Constitution and the law.  
I could go on and on, but why cover every section?  Your premise is flawed.  Your reference to "money services businesses" is overly broad and expansive, implying that the bill focuses merely on MSBs when it clearly has multiple designs on individual behavior (and on control of bitcoin itself).  MSBs are addressed in the proposed bill's Section 6.  The rest of the bill deals with other things which you have not mentioned and which I summarized in the title of my reddit post which kicked off this thread.
So there goes your argument that "what we're talking about here" with this bill" are just (in terms of what would be affected by it) "exchanges like Coinbase, Gemini...)  What you are saying simply isn't true.  Individuals and small businesses would be most profoundly affected.
You then go on to say "That gets us to the rest of the bill and why the feds want to spy..." which by itself is a ridiculous statement, because as anyone who has researched this subject knows already, the feds already do spy on third party financial services.  As an example, take a look at the [very specific provisions designed to allow the feds to do this that were passed in the cromnibus bill in December 2014](  
As I read your remarks, I can't help but thinking that either you were paid to attempt to dismiss this post by claiming you were a lawyer, or that you are a lawyer and that you were paid to dismiss my remarks (but just didn't do a very good job of it), or that you sincerely are a lawyer who doesn't understand what this bill (and other things like it) could do, because you don't read very well, which means that your clients are getting charged lots of billable hours for absolutely no good reason.
Civil forfeiture? Seizure?  Prohibiting of concealment, or aggregation of resources?  A proposed requirement that would have individuals who use bitcoin get all the requirements (reporting, licensing) that banks go through to operate? (READ SECTION 13.) That's called prohibition, baby.   Whether you decide to read it that way or not, that's what it is.  And nobody will abide by such laws / rules even if they are passed. (The rules the federal government tried to apply to the fax machine to limit its use are a case in point, probably 98-99 percent of people in the United States ignored the licensing requirement for fax machines and eventually fax machines became rather common; bitcoin is on a similar albeit more exponential curve.) I do however continue to ask periodically that people raise their voices against this sort of crap.
You are right in one respect:  There's nothing here that should make you want to sell your bitcoin.  You should educate yourself and advocate against bills like this one, though.
@_date: 2017-10-16 04:40:42
Technically another 4 to 5 percent of those who support Segwit2x would need to leave it. 
I think F2pool leaving / no longer signaling for Segwit2x brought it down to 84 percent. If more people stop supporting it / stop signaling it, it will become less viable of a project. However, since the activation threshold was already met, technically it is still possible for the proponents of Segwit2X to proceed with the fork.
Insofar as security goes, and value of the code generally, there is no good reason at all to proceed with Segwit2x.  It is, in fact, a security disaster simply waiting to happen. BitMex alluded to this here:  
Wholly apart from that is the problem of accepting code that is primarily closed-source in terms of the character of the project (all decisions made behind closed doors by a small number of firms) with basically one person (Garzik) being the primary entity behind the commits (including the worst commits of all ever seen in any crypto project, such as the recent malicious commit which was designed to mask Segwit2x node activity).
But the proponents of Segwit2x will forge ahead with their unwise activity anyway - creating numerous problems for users.  BitMex (of which I am not a client) has tried to alleviate this problem with instructions for its clients, but most clients will find their instructions to be rather confusing, I think (as many people have problems handling the most basic aspects of crypto management appropriately):  (And that's just "Part 1")
Please be aware that this deeply flawed project, Segwit2x, is likely to occur (the fork is very likely to happen) merely because of its stubborn and foolish proponents.  Prepare yourself accordingly, put assets in cold storage and update to wallet(s) that support the Core (real bitcoin) approach.  Run a Core node - releases here:
Reddit posts are not going to change what happens in November.  Run a Core node, open your port 8333 --  -- and in that way you will be defending bitcoin against Mordor (segwit2x).
@_date: 2019-09-02 07:18:55
Nice! :-)
@_date: 2015-04-02 04:00:56
It is true that Electrum and Mycelium both do utilize servers as an element of how it functions, though those who have spent countless hours on developing either Electrum or Mycelium would probably counter that they are able to provide a lightweight solution, and each has not just Tor support but other privacy considerations in the design.  I think you'd have a hard time arguing that Electrum or Mycelium "suck at privacy" to use your words.  I think a much larger concern is whether right now any bitcoin wallet available (or bitcoin itself) has integrated anonymity as an option within the protocol.  The answer is no.  As a result, privacy has to be cobbled together using a variety of available tools.  I think that if zerocash were to be used to construct an alt that were interchangeable with bitcoin, that would be a substantial step in the right direction; alternatively, if developers could simply work out their op_return issues and implement the Stealth BIP, that would be huge, for it would put something close to anonymity within the reach of most users.  
But we are not there yet.
@_date: 2017-09-15 05:23:33
If Monet, Degas, Cézanne, and Matisse were alive today, and if they were discussing bitcoin in a cafe, this is how they would describe S2X and contentious hard forks.  
You, have my admiration for this succinct and artful description.
@_date: 2018-02-28 16:28:40
*As an aside regarding Poloniex, which was mentioned in this post, Circle's recent acquisition of "Polo," one of the exchanges that left NY following the Bitlicense, may mean that the services of "Polo" could once again be restored to NY, if Circle opts for bitlicense. This may be good for access to bitcoin by those in NY, but the flip side of this is that it likely would result in an exchange service which had fought bitlicense being lost to those who opt to comply with a licensing regime that no-one should have to suffer or bear.
@_date: 2015-04-05 00:49:04
Hello, I'm the Chair of the Education Committee of the Bitcoin Foundation.  ([This is currently what we do]( with both Foundation members and non-member contributors ~ if you have privacy related bitcoin links or resources, [please feel free to add links here](
Not everybody agrees, but I'm glad that Olivier has brought some of these issues out into the open.  For example, I would not have known that they were about to change out or lose staff until it happened or after it happened unless Olivier had published his post.  The tough part is members need to decide what comes next.
I've put out some of [my thoughts on that here](  I hope it helps add to the discussion.
~ pcvcolin
@_date: 2015-09-16 20:33:35
Here's a coindesk article. FWIW
@_date: 2015-09-16 20:18:46
Since you were curious, AB 129 ('Lawful Money,' approved by the California Governor June 28, 2014, filed with Secretary of State June 28, 2014), the effect of which would have been eliminated had AB 1326 passed and become law, still holds.  
The text of that law as it was passed (including its purpose statement) reads simply,
"Existing law prohibits a corporation, flexible purpose corporation, association, or individual from issuing or putting in circulation, as money, anything but the lawful money of the United States.
This bill would repeal that provision.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NO   Local Program: NO  
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:
SECTION 1. Section 107 of the Corporations Code is repealed."
In case you are curious what Section 107 of the Corporations Code looked like before it was repealed in California by AB 129, it was as follows:
 No corporation, social purpose corporation, association, or individual shall issue or put in circulation, as money, anything but the lawful money of the United States."
That (section 107) of course no longer exists as it has been repealed in California.
This means that from a legal standpoint California remains a permissive state with respect to bitcoin and any other virtual currency.  I have no doubt that the Legislature will try again with another bill similar to AB 1326 (or perhaps bring the same bill, AB 1326 back) in January 2016 when they reconvene, but when they do, it's likely they will be forced to remove the worst parts, unless they want to face a repeat of what they just went through.
@_date: 2018-07-04 05:54:32
This is true, but everyone should have seen this coming (the surprise at this in some communities was really unwarranted) due to that both segwit and lightning have been discussed (with development occurring off and on) for literally years before we got to today.  While not all proposals make it, the course of the discussions should have made it obvious that this was needed and long desired.
@_date: 2018-02-22 00:06:08
It is difficult for me to imagine a more deserving set of projects right now. 
Thank you to the part(ies) involved in making this happen.
@_date: 2019-09-18 10:29:06
Right. But, this suggests fear outpaced confidence. 
As another redditor said, "The bigger question is why this shortfall happened."  
The issue is not that a repo happened but _why_ the shortfall occurred, and will it repeat in a few days or a week?
To some degree this may have a relationship to concerns over what will transpire in Asian countries as result of recent Gulf action. (The Saudi issues and decrease of oil supply as a result of the attacks.) For example will China have prompt access to (a sufficient amount of) petro as it did before. If no, will this materially alter its ability to engage in trade. Probably yes, and if so, what is the added expense for the American consumer, and how does this fit into trade wars. Such are how the questions tie together. The US gov fears some of the spiraling elements that come from this. Some they can mitigate, other stuff not so much. 
So the (US gov) prints money as fear outpaces confidence and the rebalancing act continues.
Meanwhile the USA does continue to support the Saudis in terms of military intervention in Yemen which I understand is a sore point not only for the Houthis but for a fair number of other parties there also.
More questions certainly are warranted.
@_date: 2019-09-08 17:52:05
Interesting, thanks for the post.
Is this Sept 14 or 15 and is there a link to watch?
@_date: 2015-09-16 20:09:40
(Laughs) I don't think it has been censored by the State, at least not yet.  There have been some changes recently and a new website set up with new configurations, etc., and my guess is it isn't quite ready yet.
@_date: 2018-07-06 17:28:53
Think like a trader: pay 20k for another year of crap Bloomberg product or dump same amount in crypto on an exchange? Latter option wins.
Bye bloomie.
@_date: 2018-07-04 07:46:27
Unsurprisingly, most of the interest in "Tether" "manipulation" or "tether manipulation" in the United States at least is focused in very few (and [mostly] very narrow minded) areas, as follows (with the interest level so small nationwide as to be almost unmeasurable - though some in the media have pumped it up lately in regular uninformed rants directed against crypto communities):
San Francisco-Oakland-San Jose CA
Seattle-Tacoma WA
Honolulu HI
Glendive MT
New York NY
(Of the above, one state has an active bitlicense (and resulted in many exchanges leaving the state), one has attempted to pass bitlicense unsuccessfully several times, one has some legislation pending that is rather unfriendly to bitcoiners, one has legislation that has driven some exchanges out of the state, and only one of the above mentioned states is even somewhat friendly to bitcoin users.)
Who is interested in "bitcoin" (or anything attached to that search term..) - well that's just about everybody.
But also interesting in this data is who is recently interested in Tether - just tether with nothing else attached to the search term.  (I'm not particularly, but apparently some people in some states are moreso than others.)  These are:
Interest for Tether
West Virginia
@_date: 2017-10-31 03:41:44
@_date: 2018-07-06 17:21:21
No real replacement yet that has shipped? Give me a break, you can find freebies better than Bloomberg's 20k proprietary. Most people would rather use Cryptowat.ch (premium type service), or freebie like Koyfin (koyfin.com) or Intrinio (intrinio.com) or any number of tools.
Also, source? Yes, absolutely.
Just google or duckduckgo the term:
Bloomberg Terminal decline
Top result you will find is probably a March 2017 article on Bloomberg Terminal sales falling. Easy to use crypto-fiat exchanges lead to the demise of crappy Bloomberg products.
@_date: 2017-10-31 03:42:03
@_date: 2018-02-04 20:50:12
is [this what you were thinking of](  by knoc turn'al (as used in transporter)
@_date: 2017-10-31 06:16:07


And a good thing, too.
@_date: 2017-10-31 06:18:46
Interesting - I have to say I kind of agree based on my own research (which leads me to believe that at the very least the U.S. federal government has no business regulating bitcoin as currency).  Thank you and I'll be looking at this more.
@_date: 2015-09-25 07:40:44
Do your homework.  [This decision just came down the pipe in April 2015]( and more like it are soon to come.  Coinbase and others who think they can just patent general concepts and troll innovation are going to find out they will have a lot of opposition ~ and it will last for as long as patent trolling does.
@_date: 2017-09-07 20:33:00
Everybody should listen to this very simple and reasonable point of view.
@_date: 2017-09-16 08:25:52


Right?  It doesn't make much sense.  So, I get that they couldn't do much with it (realistically) until Segwit happened.  But Segwit has now happened.  At this point, I wonder, will there be more interest in this project?  I would think the answer is yes, but there may be a lot over overexcitement and undercommitment right now.  Or am I wrong?
@_date: 2019-09-08 17:59:11
Hey ignore those saying you were cheap. I think it was a nice thought process.
@_date: 2017-10-31 03:44:07






Point well taken, I already sent it, but in my next round of advocacy on this I'll be sure to think more about educating those who are beginners to cryptoland.  Of course, if Feinstein is evil and she is a cosponsor of this bill, it's easy to send a message to that effect to the Administration, but I know I can do better.  Thanks.
@_date: 2018-07-04 06:21:35
Branson is deeply confused.  Even if he creates his own shitcoin and airdrops it to the world, there will be nothing free about it.
Furthermore, he will not be free from the same market forces that took down Auroracoin, in the much-hyped (and one of the original) airdrop(s).  For those unfamiliar with Auroracoin, its fans, and its downfall, [see a summary here](
OTOH, Branson should _consider_ funding people who have been serious about addressing technological effects on humans.  To that end, [he should take a serious look at some of the vyrdists' efforts]( which make far more sense than any of the "let's fix income inequality by telling everyone to give everything away" nonsense you will see being bandied about in r/futurism.  I am a huge fan of innovative donations and microdonations concepts and I've been promoting the same for years in the crypto economy, BUT...  Throwing money at a problem, NO.  Funding people and projects that could make a realistic dent in a project (as in, funding vyrdists' projects), yes.
@_date: 2015-09-16 03:53:42
Thank you! By the way, if anyone wants to confirm the basics on this from the California legislative info source, 
you can go here:
and then type in AB 1326 in the quick search field on the upper right,
then click on the status tab, and scroll down.
@_date: 2015-09-16 07:33:03
You can also see another story on it here, which I just noticed:
The information in my post, however, came directly from my close observations of the status of the bill as shown at
@_date: 2015-09-25 06:55:44
Yep ~ Coinbase (which I abandoned long ago), if you haven't figured it out already, does not deserve anyone's support and has taken on the role of a patent troll.  
What's more, these Coinbase patent applications we are seeing aren't merely patent applications for a specific type of product, but are clearly intended to claim control over general concepts, such as exchanges, donation buttons, hot wallets, and so on.  They should be denied in the process of application or challenged in court (if not denied through the USPTO application process).  
An ancillary effect to their applications is that Coinbase appears to be launching a shot over the bow at FOSS (free and open source software) developers who release software into the public domain on open platforms such as github and bitbucket under licenses such as MIT or GPLv3 (though it is clear that MIT, which is used for bitcoin, does not prohibit commercial use at all, and with software issued under MIT license such as bitcoin, any sort of patenting can subsequently happen (or at least, be attempted) unless it is legally challenged).  In the case of GPLv3, if you convey a covered work, knowingly relying on a patent license, and the Corresponding Source of the work is not available for anyone to copy, free of charge and under the terms of GPLv3, through a publicly available network server or other readily accessible means, then you must either (1) cause the Corresponding Source to be so available, or (2) arrange to deprive yourself of the benefit of the patent license for this particular work, or (3) arrange, in a manner
consistent with the requirements of GPLv3, to extend the patent license to downstream recipients.  It may be, therefore, that free and open source cryptocurrency projects will be better protected from patent trolls by having a GPLv3 license rather than the MIT license that has been used with bitcoin.
These (Coinbase) patent applications can be opposed, but I suspect that even when people are successful at opposing such patents, Coinbase may refine and refile them, seeking to centralize control over bitcoin and other virtual currency systems, and will likely become a serial applicant for bitcoin patents of a general nature.  It will likely become necessary for the bitcoin community to rally not only to defend itself against Coinbase, but against numerous other patent trolls who will emerge in the near future.  
One can just as easily envision the US government filing these patents as you could Coinbase (and eventually doing so on "national security" grounds).  To me, this makes it even more urgent that we make precedent for defeating patent applications for general concepts that are written in a way intended to quell innovation in the development of decentralized systems.
- Colin Gallagher
Chair, Education Committee
Bitcoin Foundation
@_date: 2018-07-07 04:20:35
:-) it was inevitable
@_date: 2016-10-26 07:00:53
Before you go flying off to Iceland thinking it's the most wonderful place in the world (although it is beautiful, no question about that) and imagining that the Pirate Party is going to make things easy for everyone who wants to use bitcoin there, stop and consider what Iceland has already done:
1) [The Spectacular Death of a Cryptocurrency]( (the Auroracoin story)
2) Dumbass Icelandic government thinks it's a sin to buy bitcoins on the open market, [so they made it illegal](  Which also means that they think that use of any kind of normal exchange, including decentralized exchanges such as Bitsquare where this is possible, is also illegal.  If you think the Pirate Party would change that, I have a bridge I'd like to sell you... preferably for some bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-20 21:38:18


This is the anthem of the new apathetic "generation whatever."  Don't worry, things will be fine. Don't worry, be happy.  New York bitlicense?  Don't worry about that, we're in (California, Texas, whatever).  It could never happen here.  Right?  Don't worry, bitlicense only took root in New York.  Oh, I mean in New York and North Carolina, because nobody was paying attention.
And now, Connecticut. Hawaii. Nebraska. and Alaska (note that in Alaska it's been defeated once before, but that's not stopping the bitlicense proponents in Coin Center and ULC from pumping it there in those states where it's now making its way through the legislature - with almost nobody advocating against it, because ***you aren't paying attention and you can't be bothered to make an effort***).
This community is filled with people who cannot commit to any effort at all to help advocate to protect the states from these insane proposals.  I think honestly that your thinking is "don't worry EFF or someone will take care of it."  You don't seem to think you have to do anything.  
***You are wrong.***
I worked tirelessly for years to defeat bitlicense in California. I never asked for nor received anything for my advocacy.  I lost track of the thousands of hours I spent helping to defeat it not once, but three times.  If you are in California you owe the fact that you can use bitcoin in this state without being prosecuted not only to me but to quite a few others who also put in the time and of course to EFF as they provided tools to help people engage on the issue.  But without people putting in the time that would have been for nothing!
What the hell have you done?  Whined on reddit after the fact when some dumb law results in an exchange bailing out of another state (or even if people are still able to use decentralized exchanges, they are having to hide and be treated like criminals)? Is that o.k. to you? Why have you done nothing?
Is it too much to ask for you to hit "crosspost" for this post or for you to write some legislators in (Connecticut. Hawaii. Nebraska. Alaska) and tell them the problems with bitlicense?  Is that too much to ask?
Apathy is the problem here.
@_date: 2015-09-25 07:23:12
No.  And yet I think we'll see more of this lunacy that will need to be smacked down using an antiquated and bureacratic system ~ the very system that the bulk of the bulk of bitcoin community is trying to avoid.  It's sad, really, and this should make us much more aware of the need for reform in the area of laws relating to patents so that we don't have to be as concerned about such patent trolling in the future.  EFF has done some good work [raising awareness and doing case work in this area](  
@_date: 2016-10-20 05:03:35
Basically, yes.  I feel bad about this because although we are here in California, I feel like there is more we could have done to either totally oppose or change (water down / refocus) that NC bill.   But there it is.  As of now I see the important thing being focusing now on CA, because if we don't deal with the emerging issues before they are set for us we will be in trouble (things that are done in California's legislature have a way of becoming policy in many other states, too).
@_date: 2018-04-14 17:54:44
From another post touching on the subject of taxation, because unfortunately there are way too many posts on r/bitcoin in which people seek and obtain tax advice from others on reddit: "I heartily encourage and indeed demand that you go do your own damn homework, seek legal counsel (e.g. a tax lawyer), and verify independently of reddit what the heck is going on."  I follow my own advice, and retain legal counsel for things touching a legal sphere. Nobody should believe personal interpretations of random individuals on reddit, including mine or anyone else's, as counsel, they should find out for themselves with the guidance of their own (preferably legal) counsel. 
It's worth pointing out that people's situations are different.  Go find some well-respected, well-recommended (either one of these) tax advisor, CPA and preferably tax lawyer -- the tax lawyer is probably best (if you're looking at large-ish sums). Depending on your country, how you have them stored, if you've ever even traded, what vehicle you have used to store / legally shield your assets, and so on, there will be huge differences in your situation and how this will be handled.
There are a lot of schmucks out there hawking their "services" on reddit and even more people who think that by opining on reddit their own P.O.V. about crypto taxation they are doing everyone a vast service.  They aren't.  Analyze this stuff on your own, do you your own homework, and obtain legal counsel to figure out how to proceed.
STOP LISTENING TO PEOPLE ON REDDIT.  (Maybe that last sentence, please take that as advice, and the part about seeking your own counsel too, definitely follow that.  But please stop listening to whatever people are yakking about here on this subject.)
@_date: 2016-10-26 18:57:29
I can't believe everyone here is recommending Circle or Coinbase.  I do agree with the aspect of the top-ranked comment above that suggested Mycelium or Electrum.  You can buy with [Mycelium LT]( and then the results of the trade can be sent (using the same Mycelium wallet) to you.  No debit card required.  No ID.  Trade and done.
There is also [a map of Mycelium LT potential trading locations]( but it's better to use the Mycelium application.
Please don't recommend that your mom join up with Coinbase, Bitpay, Circle, etc.  Thank you.
@_date: 2018-04-14 05:22:44
Shoulda, coulda, whatever.  Ignore my rambling above and that of OP, use Samourai, donate to bitcoin privacy projects of your choosing if you can spare a satoshi, and don't spend too much time indoors.  _These_ recommendations at least are not bad.
@_date: 2016-10-26 18:49:52
Can't join a pool with this, damn.  Would be good if people had some choice in the matter, anyway, then it might be interesting.
@_date: 2016-10-19 01:44:33
Really? Because what she did was [actually consistent with the practice of the administration regarding use of drones]( (bear in mind that she was Secretary of State from 2009 from 2013) at the time she was serving as Secretary of State.  And, um, this would not be the first time that Hillary Clinton has involved herself in doing [nominations for who gets killed by a drone](  Remember, [the ACLU itself fought back against this practice in a court of law]( but the case got dismissed.
It's very odd of you to dismiss this sort of information when it's public knowledge that our government is doing it and two public interest organizations (ACLU and CCR) have jointly sued our government about it.  It's not like this (business of Obama admin officials nominating people for drone hits without charges, due process, or even a national defense claim) is a surprise or anything.  It's been going on for a while.  What should be concerning to us all is when other countries start doing it to us.  (Notice I did not say "if," but rather, "when," because I think that it will happen in retaliation eventually.)  I think the DoD / Pentagon has been worried about this for a while, but the administration continues this practice because it assumes there will never be any blowback (from other countries - or other non-state actors).  Quite obviously, the leaks are the least of our worries here.
Regarding the issue of blowback and military spending itself, here are two articles which are at the very least thought provoking, which suggest that our bloated military spending has actually made the problem of terrorism worse, and will continue to, unless we sharply reverse our our military expenditures, curtail or close certain base(s) abroad, and reduce the illegal warmaking (such as the countless attacks that we conduct via drones on various populations).  
[Article 1](
[Article 2](
@_date: 2015-09-16 03:55:46
Yes, there is! :-)
@_date: 2016-10-22 06:06:42
FATCA is poison.  However, there is a solution, if people in the US (or elsewhere) want to avoid the effects of FATCA (remember that [even children who have been born abroad to US citizens and have never set foot on US soil are being pursued by the IRS]( and FATCA has now made this situation worse), then you need to make sure that if you have a bank account, that it's in a [country that doesn't have a FATCA IGA]( and a bank that is known to be a non-FATCA bank.  Look on this list and [click on one of the links that says NONE]( to find an option.  Make sure the bank does not have a GIIN, if it does, the bank is still FATCA-registered, and it's no good to you to be using a FATCA-registered bank.
You also want to make sure the country your bank is in is not the USA and is not a CRS country, due to the financial surveillance commitments made by the CRS countries.  [List of CRS countries](  You should also avoid the "Five Eyes" countries generally ("Five Eyes" countries - Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and the United States).
If you are running your (locally installed wallet software) and are using a VPN, you might want to use Slovakia or Slovenia as server location if that location selection is available through your service, due to that Slovakia [rendered mass surveillance unconstitutional]( and Slovenia [rendered data retention unconstitutional](   However, you should not open a bank account in either Slovakia or Slovenia.
An example of one that is in a country that doesn't have a FATCA IGA, where the country is not a CRS country, and where the bank is known to be a non-FATCA bank, is in [Monaco]( specifically, the bank is [CFM Monaco 11 Boulevard Albert 1er, which has an online banking option](
But really this is just one more reason why bank branches are closing all over the world and people are installing bitcoin or other cryptocurrency wallets on their computers at an increasing rate, with p2p currencies poised to displace a substantial amount of fiat activity.  The website [Fiatleak]( lets you visualize this process by graphically displaying world's currencies flow into bitcoin in real time.
Alternatively you may also want to look at [Vaultoro](  Gold continues to head up, and Vaultoro is an interesting way to use some of your bitcoin to purchase gold, although the returns by holding bitcoin may actually be higher.  [Vaultoro is not a financial institution, so it has no reporting obligation under FATCA](  If you use it, however, you should use a wallet that is installed on your computer to conduct the transfer of BTC, where you have complete control - not a web wallet where all aspects of your activity are logged and reported, not only by the service provider, but also due to the financial surveillance provisions of the cromnibus passed in 2014 (which allows for full surveillance involving your usage of web services and any third parties which are granted access to that data).
@_date: 2018-04-21 18:56:23


Only 49 more states in the United States, if you're talking about the U.S.A., and the rest of the world, if you're not U.S. centric.  So yes, "anywhere else" matters.
Are you presenting these questions in a purposefully ignorant way to try to make people believe that you don't have the capacity to think critically?  I'm just curious.  Because I think you have the capacity to do more and think far more critically and logically than you present yourself.  I suspect you have hidden your intelligence on purpose behind a mask of apathy and apparent boredom. Or perhaps I'm wrong and my initial impression was correct - that you are totally apathetic, bored, and just don't care. 
In any event, I don't see how this discussion is helping anyone.  Please contact the state legislatures that are considering bitlicense proposals (Connecticut. Hawaii. Nebraska. and Alaska) to advise them against it. If you'd really rather not, at least contact the EFF --  -- to express your concern about, and any proposed alternatives (such as self-regulatory organizations) that you have in your mind to the legislative proposals in Connecticut, Hawaii, Nebraska, and Alaska.
But don't disrespect the people in those states by acting as though these proposals aren't happening.  We don't need another New York or North Carolina style bitlicense.  We need advocates against that sort of approach and in favor of a more logical response.
@_date: 2016-10-18 18:21:33
These developments are completely unsurprising.  Remember, Hillary is the candidate who [emphatically suggested to her staff that an Australian citizen be nominated for a drone hit](
@_date: 2016-10-26 18:21:46
Try the American Redoubt, probably Idaho or Montana are your retirement options.  (I'm considering Idaho.)
@_date: 2018-02-25 20:11:38
Agreed.  It's still early stage and would be difficult to say it's business ready being as it's still being tested.  But props to those who use it first for business!  Pioneers.
@_date: 2016-10-12 02:26:25
I have an answer for you.  Maybe you will like it, maybe you won't.
To preface this, just let me state that I was a very strong advocate against AB 1326, the legislation in California that would have added regulation not only to exchanges but also would have required users to get permits for certain types of uses of cryptocurrency.  It would have been a disaster, basically.  I should also note here that I am a very strong advocate for privacy and anonymity.
Fortunately, we were able to get AB 1326 killed not once, but twice.  ([PROOF](
OK, so with that said, how would you have exchanges be "not hackable," or maybe to put it more precisely, "much less likely to be hacked," while also not requiring you to provide SSN, drivers' license, and selfie?
This question is actually easily answered (in a couple of different ways).  I didn't say you'd like the answers, but I will provide solutions that if followed can provide much greater security in the market, including in the 'exchange industry,' so to speak.
It is important to remember that the notion that a user should provide some form of identity to a service provides absolutely no additional security to that service. The service remains just as secure or as vulnerable as it was before.  And if it was vulnerable in any way, the additional data you provide if you consent to a request to provide identity of some form, means that this identity information will one day soon be divulvged to someone else.  It may even happen instantaneously before any hack even occurs, due to provisions relating to how third parties are treated in US law.  As many people have conveniently forgotten, [the passage of the "cromnibus" bill in December 2014 included a sneakily passed provision of financial surveillance]( which allows the government to basically do full bore surveillance on any transaction routed through a bank, credit card company, or any associated 3rd party service to which your data is passed in the process of financial transactions, SARs, or any related processes really. This is one more reason why you should not use web-based exchanges, and should not use web wallets also, but rather should use fully decentralized exchanges and wallets which are installed on your computer and give you full control over both the application and your keys (no service, no corporation, no login required, etc.).
1) As a user, who has no control over what the exchanges will and will not do, and assuming for a moment that the exchanges make no improvements in their security practices, you can nonetheless approach the market in a way that will protect you (and your friends, colleagues, family, etc.) simply by using more secure tools.  I've detailed some ways to do this [in a recent post here](
You'll note that the above recommendation doesn't require (if you do it right) that you provide anyone with any identification (with the exception of certain circumstances where there is a dispute which would require moderation, I believe) but it will allow you to exchange one currency for another.
2) Now let us assume that you wish to try to make a dent in what exchanges will do.  You can write them of course and encourage them to improve their security practices in different ways, but in reality the number of exchanges and the variation in the security practices each one utilizes would make this task meaningless.  Fortunately, with the defeat of AB 1326 (CA), twice, the worst possible legislation (which could have been used as a model for the nation, actually) was stopped in its tracks, but similar legislation may be revived in new proposals in California in January, because in California, legislators do not learn.  They understand only fascism, and how to oppress and tax people until people flee the state (which has been occurring in California more or less since 1990 in a process of outmigration).  
So then, what can you do in the legislative front on this issue?  It's actually rather simple.  If you are writing California legislators (because CA legislator Dababneh has promised to bring back something like AB 1326 in January), and you should be writing them now on this subject, remind them of the first two attempts they made to pass this bill ended  in giant flaming failures, for good reason, because a bill that proposes to add permitting requirements to exchanges, startups / startup accelerators, bitcoin businesses, and individuals, simply has no chance at passage, ever.  
Instead, when they next try to pass a cryptocurrency bill (and they will), they should simply pass a minimum security standard that exchanges would have to meet in order to operate.  (The requirement would be applicable to web-based exchanges, which function as MSBs and are already required to be licensed in the US by the US Treasury / FINCEN.  There's no need for state level licenses... but if the state passes additional legislation, it should focus only on specifying security requirements for web-based exchanges.  The regulation or standards would be required for MSB / FinCEN licensed exchanges and advisory (voluntary only) for decentralized exchanges and exchanges that are not web-based exchanges, because there are limits to enforceability of a security standard.  This would not require any permitting or fees, but simply setting of standards for consumer safety.)
Wait, you say.  This would be impossible to set a standard.  Each state would want to have its own standard and say that its own is best!  We'd simply be back in the same situation as we are now, right?
Well, maybe not.  Why?  Because some of the best minds in bitcoin, including Andreas Antonopoulos and others, [have already made some security standards](  So those standards could be worked up a by by the Cryptoconsortium folks who made them, tailored for the purposes of securing web-based exchanges, adopted by states and that could be what the basis would be for protecting consumers.  If it proved inadequate (and no doubt any standard will be tested by someone trying to break it) then someone can always improve it.
[How to contact your California Legislator on this issue](
@_date: 2017-10-16 04:20:23
At least.
@_date: 2016-10-30 14:10:53
Thanks for this new release and looking forward to eventual improvements to Electrum plugin.
@_date: 2019-02-24 04:52:11
Remember, our mere existence is sufficient for radical leftwing members of certain State legislatures and Congressmembers to want to jail us. We didn't give them a Clinton Presidency so, given that the dynasty plans got disrupted, we all belong in jail in the eyes of the extremist AOC, Clinton, and Harris followers. We breathe, exist, and didn't support their lords? - and on top of it we don't wish to only be confined to their state-issued, state-controlled money and banking system? We want to use an alternative? We must belong in jail then if we meet all of the above conditions, certainly. This is the rationale of the extreme left: give us your votes and most of your income and property, or go to jail and we'll seize your assets. That is all they have to offer.
And now the U.S. Supreme Court gave them a unanimous "Nope!" as to the unchecked asset seizure bit.
Be happy today, the U.S. Supreme Court isn't always this sensible as it was with this decision...
@_date: 2016-10-21 03:54:21
Excellent.  I've been watching the updates on this for awhile, and I am quite impressed by this one in no small part due to the inclusion of Zcash, Zcoin, and Anoncoin.
@_date: 2016-10-30 19:49:22
Thank you, I've posted this on the Bitcoin Foundation Education Committee google group and [also on the forum page here](
@_date: 2016-10-19 02:32:02
Nick's twitter feed is often filled with sage stuff.  Worth a follow if you aren't.  
@_date: 2018-04-16 00:41:34
Is this another form of FUD?
@_date: 2016-10-27 23:15:30
Thanks to those who wrote up this guide, I was wondering what this would all mean in terms of how one would go through an upgrade (or not) process.
@_date: 2016-10-27 22:52:49
I disagree fundamentally with the notion of capital controls even in the instance of an emergency. Any country can claim an emergency (fiscal or otherwise) and then (gradually or suddenly) implement capital controls.  That does not mean that they actually have social utility.  Free trade when your country's shitcoin is in freefall means you are able to use a basket of currencies instead of being confined to one, and you are able to offload your increasingly worthless shitcoin for something more worthwhile instead of believing your thieving corporation-state which says you shouldn't be able to do that without permission.  Now if you want to get stolen from and robbed by the corporation-states of the world, that's your business, that's up to you.  But don't expect most of us to go down that path.  I believe I also mentioned that capital controls can be easily circumvented, and I think I proved my point, so rather than belabor the obvious by making my point redundantly I'll just stop.  Poor fiscal practices led to Iceland's "emergency."  Continuing on, further poor fiscal decisions led to "capital controls."  That doesn't mean that the 2/3rds of people of the world who generally sneer at what the corporation-states of the world are doing (as for sources, these have already been linked to in [this comment]( have to pause and suddenly have pity on Iceland and obey its rules.  They certainly don't have to, and they won't.
Cheers though.  Carry on.
@_date: 2016-10-10 06:30:24
Thanks for pointing this out.  I read through the stuff of u/psztorc and it makes for good reading.  Also recently read [this]( as well which gave a good overview of [discussions moving beyond block size](
@_date: 2018-04-21 19:43:33


The Nebraska Legislature did not do away with the bill.  I saw the video.  It's good people testified, but the bill is still being considered.  It is an active bill in the Nebraska legislature, just like the active bitlicense proposals in Connecticut. Hawaii. and Alaska right now.  [Just look at the bills promoted by the ULC and Coin Center]( -- LB 987 is one of them.  LB 695 (also from Nebraska Legislature), which some "bitcoin proponents" have advocated for is really no better -- it would give the State Department of Administrative Services oversight authority (albeit on a "limited" level, which no doubt would expand over time) over virtual currency use in the state of Nebraska.  Nebraska's LB 691 is on hold, but could easily be brought back (remember we had to defeat similar bills in California ***not once, but three times*** in order to kill them off, and ***even that wasn't enough in California*** -- we had to find a way to get rid of the bill's author as well (Dababneh), [who now we've managed to force out of the legislature due to our exposure of his scandals](  The Nebraska bills (all three of them that I am aware of) are all bad bills.  I don't agree that this is a good path forward.  And if people think it is a good path, why doesn't everyone who uses the U.S. dollar feel it is necessary to get a license or subject oneself to audits or investigations of the Nebraska Department of Administrative Services merely to be able to use the dollar?  ***Because it's not necessary, and because such a requirement is arguably a violation of the U.S. Constitution's Commerce Clause.***  You know this, Theo, because you are fighting against New York's bitlicense in court.
I understand you have your own objections to Andreas but I think we need to appeal for his help to defeat the bitlicense proposals in Connecticut. Hawaii. Nebraska and Alaska, and for that reason I once again appeal to to consider my request to do a video on this subject and why it's important for people not just across the U.S.A., but beyond, to advocate against proposals such as those now being introduced in Connecticut. Hawaii. Nebraska and Alaska and such as those which are now active (regulation or law) in New York and North Carolina.
Thanks for listening! 
p.s. to Theo:  You should learn from what we did in California.  The court process is necessary in your case but its outcome might not be what you hope it will be, there are no guarantees.  So I would take the additional step of finding out weaknesses of NY legislators and regulators who were instrumental to getting the NY bitlicense passed (in your state, as a regulation vs. an actual bill, as I understand it) and dig up some dirt on them.  Then get it published through different media sources and expose them for whatever you can dig up on them.  Their harassment of their office aides (and of other people the NY legislators and regulators have touched or fondled without anyone's consent), illicit financing, connections to banksters who finance them, their mob connections, their involvements in drug-fueled parties, whatever.  Get a good P.I. on them and get the info published.  Get dirty.  How do you think politics work? How do you think we got Dababneh out of the California legislature for good?
Try different techniques.  The NY anti-bitcoin people are going balls out to stop you, so there is nothing wrong with using techniques that discredit them publicly, so long as you do so legally.  In the end (in California) the information revealed about Dababneh was so damning, it was the CA legislature itself that finally agreed he shouldn't be in the legislature anymore.  Consider that.
p.p.s.:  For the curious, I am no longer a Chair of the Bitcoin Foundation Education Committee.  I was for some years but the Education Committee was recently disbanded by the Foundation Board.  My opinions above are my own and should not be construed to be those of the Bitcoin Foundation.  The Bitcoin Foundation has organized efforts in the past to help fund Theo Chino's case, and I applaud those efforts and hope they will continue.
@_date: 2016-10-19 04:52:06
Wow, you seem upset.  
To address your points though, 
1) You claim that the US administration would never dare to kill anyone in the, as you put it, "fucking UK you dolt."  I beg to differ, in light of the fact that [it is the formal position of the US administration that it is ready and willing to kill its own citizens on US soil without charges or due process and that it has said as much to the press](  Since the US has been so happy to adopt such policies applicable on its own soil, there is no reason why they could not be put to use elsewhere in the world.  You seem also to be unaware, or perhaps you simply haven't heard, of the work of a group called Reprieve (which is in the UK), which [helped reveal evidence that some European governments are complicit in supporting a covert program of extrajudicial killings]( In October 2014, Reprieve, along with the European Centre for Constitutional and Human Rights (ECCHR), brought litigation in Germany in relation to Ramstein Air Base, a US base in South West Germany that plays a central role in facilitating drone strikes in Yemen.  Of course, it's easy to assume (or to pretend) that this could never actually happen in the UK, but you don't know that.  
2) You seem to claim that nominations of drone strikes are justified for terrorists, but we can look back to pre-Obama years and find examples of cogent analyses calling for reductions in military expenditures even then ([here's one]( and today, even senior officials within the US Department of Defense (who themselves see fighting al-Qaeda and ISIL as a duty) now question the utility of administration policy on both the number of US bases abroad and the use of drones on populations around the world.  The reason for this re-evaluation of policy is because the existing policy is counterproductive and useless.  It generates more harm than good.  When this happens, it is natural for people to rethink things.  
3) No, I'm not going to claim that someone would have wanted to bomb the Ecuadorean embassy.  You seemed to imply that, though.  
4) At the time when the Secretary of State asked her staff to nominate Assange for a drone hit, he was walking free and was not confined to an embassy.
@_date: 2016-10-26 18:34:52
Wait, so your defense of Iceland is that "it's just as illegal (...) to possess a dollar bill as it is to possess a bitcoin?"  First of all, this is not true, because Iceland doesn't ban possession of currencies (that I can tell).  It bans trading.  The source that I cited claims, to wit, that "A written response from the Central Bank of Iceland to Morgunblaðið states that the (Icelandic) Foreign Exchange Act specifies general restrictions on foreign exchange trading and capital movements between countries."  Thus making it illegal to buy bitcoins with fiat, for example.  (But if you'd like to make Iceland look even worse by providing another source which would actually state that possession of foreign currencies in Iceland is illegal, be my guest.  Not that I care, since most people doing business with people in Iceland absolutely do not care about any such laws and regulations, the important thing is simply whether the trade is possible and whether or not it can be conducted rapidly and without either party engaging in coercion.)
That this backasswards country could hope to entice people to actually crawl into its borders to permanently live there, while engaging in insane practices such as capital controls, suggests that something is wrong with people in Iceland.  The world relies upon the ability for individuals to conduct trade unhindered by dumbass governments.  In point of fact, [almost 2/3rds of people in the world go about engaging in various types of unregulated work, trade, and other matters]( regardless of the stupidity of the kind that the Icelandic government imposes, and will continue to do so independent of what happens there.
Another redditor's POV (dated from 2 years ago from a different thread):  "Iceland has been top country by bitcoin adoption rates for a long time. It is also a reasonably democratic nation. Th(ese capital controls), will not go so smoothly."  What was being implied here is people will keep finding ways to trade regardless of what Iceland (or any other government) does or does not do.
@_date: 2018-04-22 09:11:20
Thank you.
@_date: 2018-04-13 21:43:51


There is no such rule. There are just people claiming such a rule exists.   Do not believe what you see on reddit. See my comment above or link here: 
@_date: 2015-09-16 04:46:00
@_date: 2018-04-21 07:39:44


Yes, it brought me joy that people would be able to trade without being imprisoned for what people know that everybody does all the time.


Bitcoin is not a conscious thing, it is a protocol, and so how could it possibly "care" about anything, including about what you say?  However, an individual person using bitcoin might care if they went to prison for using it.  Think about what you are saying.


Wrong again.  Read above.


I'm not a fan of government either.  I don't think that growing the (U.S. federal budget as an example) into trillions and leaving the (economic and political) system in a state of wreckage, which is the fault of the past several Congresses and Presidential administrations (there is no one particular one to lay the blame on here) is fair to the next generation or to us for that matter.
But that's beside the point. It (government) exists and one cannot deny its negative effects from certain specific activities it engages in.  State governments have become more predatory as of late.  To deny this is foolhardy.  If we want to be free of them it behooves us also to deny them the opportunity to successfully pass laws that would cause grief for people in the first place.


No, the point is that you are apathetic and you have taken zero responsibility for this subject, which will continue to be a salient issue for bitcoin users.  If you are sincere in wanting people to be able to use bitcoin without impediment, you would be more of an advocate directly to and against legislatures that have proposed bitlicense, and you would likely also be advocating for better self-regulation by exchanges and services.
@_date: 2016-10-26 19:26:03
Not offended, just morbidly astounded by the fact that Iceland still has capital controls when everybody in the world knows that not only can they be circumvented, but that they are unnecessary and harmful and basically are a sick joke.  To be fair, though, Icelandic government is not the only dopey corporation-state that's tried this. The United States government has [been toying with ideas of capital controls itself]( which can only end badly.  Thus far in the US it's been mild, for most people, taking the form of bank policies (for example, if people want to withdraw more than a certain amount of cash, they might find themselves talking to a manager instead of being given their withdrawal).  These reports are becoming more common in the U.S.  However, more and more people find themselves negatively impacted by FATCA (though [there are ways to get around the FATCA limitations]( and also by TISA (not worth getting into TISA here, but it also causes problems for people in the USA and elsewhere).
@_date: 2018-04-13 21:45:17
Do your own research, get your own legal counsel, do not believe what you read on reddit.  you will hear a lot of bullshit and vague ideas here not backed up by anything.  Lots of false info, so be aware of it.  I point this out here.  
@_date: 2018-04-21 22:54:34
Yeah, I closed mine years ago. I understand the appeal of Coinbase but it's just plain stupid to keep using them.  
Good choice. 
@_date: 2016-10-10 08:17:45
Correct, what you describe seems entirely plausible, I think the model needs more work.  It's interesting to be sure, and will need much more review and hopefully experienced hands and eyes to examine, break, and improve it, as well as show working alternatives.
@_date: 2018-04-13 22:32:25
low call
@_date: 2018-04-22 17:57:59
Thanks.  Hope you find some of the links above useful as a launch point for your own contributions.
@_date: 2016-10-18 18:18:07
Not unlike [what California's legislators are trying to do again (despite the fact that they have already had their attempt at bitlicense legislation defeated twice now)](
@_date: 2016-10-26 18:51:22
If that were an option I would buy it.
@_date: 2016-10-26 22:11:38
God (help us all)...
@_date: 2016-10-10 06:38:49
See discussion which (partially) addresses the issue you're raised [here](
@_date: 2018-04-21 08:06:46
Wikileaks is being silly.  Why were they even using Coinbase all that time?  There are countless stories of people commenting about Coinbase freezing their account for no reason.  If there were a few now and then, it would be understandable but there have been a lot.  That's not even the least of it though, being as since at least 2014, Coinbase (and BitPay, and Bitstamp, and [various other organizations shown here]( have backed the deeply flawed Windhover proposal, which unfortunately contains a poison pill that favors regulation of decentralized identity (referred to in the Windhover proposal as 'Proportionate Enforcement and Risk-based regulation' or as they also called it, "[Compliance by Design]( -- I mean, come on, with everything that everyone in this sub has come to know about Coinbase, its problems and how it operates, Wikileaks should have known better than to use Coinbase.
If they're looking for a processor that isn't going to block them or seize people's coins (because it can't, because it's designed to route payments straight from the person paying to a wallet of the recipient where the recipient controls the private keys / wallet), then they should look no further than Mycelium Gear -  for general info or  if they want to roll their own.
Quit whining about blockades and switch to Gear or just roll your own straight server.
In like manner if you're concerned about gov-taint on coins, sanctioning of addresses, and all that rot, check out what Samourai has to offer.   Helps stop blockchain spies.  See: 
@_date: 2018-04-24 21:11:42
While it's obvious they \(U.S. Fed\) see its potential, it is important to remember that this is the viewpoint of one office of one government \(which hasn't typically been friendly to bitcoiners\), and that a arguably much wiser approach of another example government that is \_not\_ the United States, could be seen in Slovenia's approach to bitcoin.  
Also, it seems to me, we should not pay too much attention to what governments think of bitcoin \(we don't need to let that guide us \-\- we need to take the reins ourselves so that governments will eventually follow along\), although as I have argued repeatedly before, we need to be waging a battle against bitlicense proposals both with [legal / legislative advocacy]( and also with [technological privacy improvements](
We should advocate for approaches such as that in Slovenia, where as of 2018, bitcoin is not discriminated against and is treated properly  for the most part. Look up "Legality of bitcoin by country or  territory" \~ Slovenia's approach is reasonable in stating bitcoin is  neither a currency or asset. Which is correct, because it is not. Even better would be if  they discontinued taxes in Slovenia on mining. But generally Slovenia  got it right with the above approach.
Just sharing a bit of perspective.
@_date: 2016-10-18 18:13:05
[Related]( and worth a read, though certainly not as visually interesting as your art.
@_date: 2018-04-29 14:05:20
Remember folks, all of this would have been treated as criminal activity by the state of CA (and would have resulted in even more companies fleeing California than there already are) had bitlicense not been defeated three times, culminating in the California bitlicense "author," Dababneh, getting kicked out of office for some horrible scandals.  
Dababneh's replacement will be either Jesse Gabriel (endorsed by Newsom, Harris, Rendon, etc. - basically intended as a new Dababneh) or some guy named Justin Clark.  
If anyone reading this lives in AD45 you might want to urge the candidates to support bitcoin instead of making the same mistake Dababneh did.
Please [help other states that are suffering from having bitlicense proposed in their area](  There is still time to stop it in those states.
If you're interested in helping lightning become something that everyone can use, [please contribute](
If you're more interested in privacy developments and the like, [please contribute to that here](
@_date: 2016-10-10 06:40:14
See [this](
@_date: 2016-10-19 05:12:26
oh, also pinging on this, if you're around.
@_date: 2018-04-13 21:55:50
Not less patriotic.  Never was exactly patriotic.  I just am one of those wierdos who holds a seemingly contradictory view, which is that I hold a mostly cryptoanarchistic viewpoint with respect to how we should be creating and managing resources, but I don't see any problem with (and in fact I ardently defend) Constitutional rights.  I like writing about and defending the 1st Amendment, 2nd Amendment, etc.  I voted for Trump (Hillary's anti-encryption committee, obama3.0 redux, and other things "offfered" did not interest me), and I don't regret it, it was better than the alternative, but I'm not down for that for round 2 (no second term please).  We need a new President in the U.S.A. (just not a Democratic one, in my humble view, since Dems have gone on the warpath against any sort of Constitutional right, whereas at least the other part(ies) have had a semblance of trying to uphold some rights).  The situation sucks - I'd like to see a non-partisan candidate run and win, if that's even possible anymore.  Some people ask how can you vote and also be somewhat cryptoanarchistic.  I don't have a good answer for you.  I just do both.  I served in the U.S. Peace Corps also.  
I'm not a fan of government, it's just that I think that [SystemD (now 2/3rds of the world economy)]( and governments can in fact and do in fact coexist.  You can argue against that point of view, but guess what:  governments exist, and will continue to for the foreseeable future, and SystemD (link above) is now about 2/3rds of the world economy, so there you have it:  Coexistence is real, y'all.
@_date: 2016-10-30 23:38:38
It never hurts to bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-22 01:49:00
Fundamentally, you are wrong.  Without both legislative advocacy _and_ technological / code development that favors privacy, then many people (in many parts of the world) will be unable to trade without risk of imprisonment.  And the fact that you don't wish to contribute shows your total apathy. You should try to be a better part of the community you are in.
@_date: 2016-10-21 02:15:53
I think that in various states they have already decided to refrain from doing legislation which would do the kind of crazy stuff that NY and NC do.  In fact, South Carolina, New Mexico, and Montana come to mind as specific examples of states that have [explicitly decided not to apply money transmission licensing requirements to bitcoin](
We know of course that CA will adopt some kind of virtual currency bill eventually beyond just AB 129.  (Most people kind of breathed a sigh of relief [when AB 129 was enacted]( because it meant that the State would no longer have a leg to stand on if it tried to prosecute people for issuing or putting in circulation [bitcoin or anything else]( as money.)
I think the key to it will be advocating against any enforcement of "extraterritorial jurisdiction" in which the state claims to be able to create licensing systems and then enforce them against people in other states (as we've already seen some states try to do), as well as advocating for the state to focus in on adopting security standards for online exchanges instead of demanding people get a permit for use of cryptocurrency.
As I have in the past, I will ardently oppose any bill which emerges which would include any proposal that would require state level permitting of exchanges, startups / startup accelerators, bitcoin businesses, and individuals, merely for them to use their currency of choice.  Any state legislation should simply focus on security standards for online (web-based) exchanges.
@_date: 2018-04-14 17:44:00
It's already been adequately explained. As I've stated elsewhere, people should do their own research, get their own legal counsel, not believe what they read on reddit on this. as they will hear a lot of bullshit and vague ideas here not backed up by anything, including the garbage you are posting.
TL;DR:  (Since you asked for an explanation): because you do not read, this comment being directed to any reader (not merely to you, StopTheVok): "I heartily encourage and indeed demand that you go do your own damn homework, seek legal counsel (e.g. a tax lawyer), and verify independently of reddit what the heck is going on."  As I pointed out to someone else, I follow my own advice and retain legal counsel on all matters which touch the legal sphere. As stated in my comment above to which you are responding. Nobody should believe your personal interpretations or mine as counsel, they should find out for themselves with the guidance of their own (preferably legal) counsel. Your so-called "service" and your talk on reddit is not help for people.
@_date: 2016-10-31 01:56:13
You provide no basis for your claims.  In fact, it is unclear that you have any real claims at all.  Alhough I cited facts to support the claims made in the comments in my post (linked above), you merely resort to name-calling.  Your remarks above are classical examples of ad hominem -- you engage in 'poisoning the well,' and you have also utilized the technique of appeal to ridicule.  These are well-known techniques, but they do not have any legitimacy in discussion. They are simply well-known red herrings.  
@_date: 2016-10-30 19:08:09
How so?
@_date: 2018-04-22 09:11:05
You are welcome, thanks for checking it out and for contributing.
@_date: 2016-10-19 01:25:05
This is excellent news.  ~ wondering if now is the time to discuss further the [Value Chain Distribution Protocol ideas that were bounced around here a year ago](
@_date: 2018-04-14 17:19:44
You just went from giving tax advice on reddit, straight to a claim of tax evasion.  Perhaps there are better things you have to do with your time.
Quoting from my original comment in this post, because you do not read: "I heartily encourage and indeed demand that you go do your own damn homework, seek legal counsel (e.g. a tax lawyer), and verify independently of reddit what the heck is going on."  I happen to follow my own advice, and I retain legal counsel for anything that's legal in nature. As stated in my original comment above. Nobody should believe your personal interpretations or mine as counsel, they should find out for themselves with the guidance of their own (preferably legal) counsel.  But you are convinced that edgelords on reddit should be telling people how to do their taxes and if we don't listen to you then we are committing a (criminal) act of evasion.  Man, someone has an ego problem.
@_date: 2018-04-13 22:30:12


you're doing it again


Again, you're issuing tax advice on reddit, you should really stop. And by the way, nowhere in my post did I claim that someone should have "section 1031 "like kind" treatment" -- I pointed out the facts, which you cannot deny, that:
1) you and I are randos on reddit and people should not take tax advice from us FFS (but by God, apparently you will keep on giving it, you shill)
2) shit's been repealed and shit and there's been no ruling or other such shit to replace that shit which has been repealed.
3) Shill elsewhere
@_date: 2016-10-21 04:00:58
This is good news and it's going into my next (upcoming) blog post.  Cheers
@_date: 2018-04-21 20:57:51


Pieter, that may be so at the moment, but it's also fair to point out that Bitcoin Core does possess a rudimentary Coin Control functionality, albeit one that is not easily accessed through a GUI - see [some discussion of this in Core repository]( which is indicative of the need for improvement in how the Coin Control is made accessible through Core GUI. 
[Samourai's Coin Control functionality]( is more evident through the GUI although not obvious; it is more embedded in how it functions.  (This is not CT or bulletproof obviously but is relevant to mention in light of the concern of which was expressed above regarding "financial institutions (...) black listing users, and addresses.")
It's probably worth mentioning here for those interested in working on bitcoin related privacy developments generally, that if you have the capacity to do so and feel comfortable reviewing or writing code and making pull requests, here's a good overview (meta) of what's going on in the Core repository with respect to privacy issues and developments, though not totally comprehensive.    (meta tracking privacy and fungibility issues / development of such in Core)
@_date: 2016-10-22 06:13:18


I think if the CRS were to be implemented globally (vs FATCA which not all countries have agreed to implement) then people will stop using banks at such an alarming rate that the standards themselves would be un-enforced as a matter of economic survival for the banks themselves, which [are already shedding branches worldwide](  In fact, it's been argued by many that banks have almost zero social utility, and that newer instruments and services are simply going to take over.  It's not like people don't have numerous options other than banks.
@_date: 2016-10-30 14:15:34
Agreed.  I had [a little discussion about this and some other things with someone from Iceland in a similar thread](  The person from Iceland spent a lot of time trying to convince me of the wonders of capital controls.  Iceland is going nowhere fast.
@_date: 2016-10-30 19:09:55
I sure wouldn't want to move there.  It's got quite a history of epic financial failures and lunatic fringe authoritarian / statist responses to new currency initiatives.
@_date: 2016-10-18 22:09:57
I agree with you that political discourse in this country has pretty much gone to shit.  In the spirit of trying to improve it, let me offer you this.  It's [an opportunity to put funding to work on political dialogue of topics of your choice](  A project that I helped create.  Seriously.  Have fun with it if you choose to use it.  (The only precondition of applying for the grant is you must [first sign up to be a NCDD member]( - student / young professional level is 30 dollars, supporting member is 75 dollars.)  Cheers.
@_date: 2016-10-27 23:32:00
I think our conversation is over, but I'll leave you with a few articles to mull over if you like:
1) [Globalization, Triffin's dilemma, and demurrage cryptocurrency](
2) (The section on) [The Death of Seigniorage]( from The Sovereign Individual
I think these readings will help provide you with some understanding, but if not, suffice it to say that capital controls simply don't work given the tools available to humanity today (and increasing numbers of people tend to use these tools while engaging in free trade without regard for the state), and that's a good thing.
@_date: 2017-05-31 22:36:50
This is actually true.  What makes most sense to me is UASF but I see no reason why there could not be both (UASF and MASF) operating more or less together with the end result being segwit activation.  I have some serious objections to Segwit2X in its current form however.
@_date: 2017-05-31 22:45:07
I was hoping you would mention the fee reduction, and you did.  An important note, however, is that UASF as it is currently proposed in bitcoin core would actually achieve fee reduction, whereas the MASF proposed via Segwit2x (which is actually btc1/bitcoin on github) would substantially increase fees for at least six months and possibly more.  Segwit2x also merged hard limits on transaction sizes and did so without any review.  The development path of Segwit2x is essentially a laundry list of "what BitPay / Bitmain wants."
@_date: 2016-10-08 02:27:27
Thoughtful post.  What this seems to indicate to me is that we need to walk back to look at (and more seriously consider) prior proposals which in the first case suggested soft-fork, such as [Cameron Garnham's proposal for dynamic block size adjustment by soft-fork]( which was covered in mid-2015 originally on bitcoin-dev before the transition to the new list.  This proposal, in fact, had been previously discussed in context of, [and in comparison to, hardforking ones]( also in 2015.
@_date: 2016-10-10 08:07:05
Some notes on Schnorr:
When in the development of WebCrypto API in late 2014, the W3C finally opened up to inclusion of both Curve25519 and secp256k1 in NamedCurve dictionary for WebCrypto ~ the Curve25519 request was originally made by someone (Matt Corallo, specifically) from Open Whisper Systems and TextSecure. For those who are interested, this also involved a push-back against NSA-affiliated person(s) who were present on the IETF CFRG at that time. Link to some of that discussion (warning, long read) is here:   Additionally, a variant of Curve25519 is used in BCN. For the other, secp256k1, used in bitcoin, a good description came from Hal Finney (R.I.P.) which he posted in bitcointalk, in which he described sec256k1 as "a variant on a so-called Koblitz curve, and 1 means it is the first (and only) curve of that type in the standard."  In that same bitcointalk thread where Hal Finney made those remarks, the user ByteCoin in January of 2011 stated, "One plausible option for a future bitcoin-like system is to allow a selection from a numbered range of pre-selected curves. Smaller transactions or balances could use smaller keysizes if necessary."  [[ ByteCoin is associated with development of BCN, which uses the Cryptonight algorithm (based from CryptoNote with adaptive limits) / a schnorr ring signature in the Curve25519 group ~ which has received favorable remarks and acceptance from some bitcoin developers. ]]
Curve25519 researchers have initiated much of the recent work on Schnorr signatures, and it also originally entered the Bitcoin world thanks to Greg Maxwell and Pieter Wuille who implemented them in libsecp256k1, a library that was (still is) planned to replace Bitcoin's use of elliptic curve cryptography.  In fact, you can see for yourself where the Schnorr ring sigs were merged into the repository, here (August of 2015):  
See also, the (not complete, but very long read) "Things that use Curve25519" at  ... you may be pleasantly astounded at what you find there.
Please also read a Telegraph story on Sir Tim Berners-Lee, from Oct. 8, 2014, in which Sir Tim Berners-Lee was quoted (partly shown below):
"People and companies function by having an information boundary, and the information within that boundary defines the group. That’s the way society works. The idea that privacy is dead is hopeless and sad. We have to build systems which allow privacy." 
( from  )
Thank you!
@_date: 2018-04-21 23:25:52
or instead of posting about price changes, [you could do something to help bitcoin users who are under threat](
@_date: 2018-04-13 21:46:17
OP spreading FUD and B.S., you should stop.  Interesting service, but your claims you post on reddit are total falsehoods. Offer your service, yes, but stop making shit up and offering it on reddit as applicable.
@_date: 2017-05-31 17:47:41
From the moment I posted this I started to get spammed by people from r/btc and this post of mine was downvoted to zero
(probably mostly by Jihanwuists), and I don't see a point in even having a discussion with someone actively trying to subvert 
a community supported option to activate Segwit that already exists, so go away^y^y^yyy^yyy^yyy^yyy^y^y^y.
@_date: 2016-10-23 19:53:27
Look on [this list]( and [click on one of the links that says NONE]( to find an option.  Make sure the bank does not have a GIIN, if it does, the bank is still FATCA-registered, and it's no good to you to be using a FATCA-registered bank.
You also want to make sure the country your bank is in is not the USA and is not a CRS country, due to the financial surveillance commitments made by the CRS countries.  [List of CRS countries](  You should also avoid the "Five Eyes" countries generally ("Five Eyes" countries - Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and the United States).
@_date: 2015-09-29 04:36:48
And now, Bank of America is doing essentially the same thing.  It's enough to make one want to vomit. 
@_date: 2017-05-29 22:34:15
I found [this]( and also [this]( helpful as I use Electrum.
If you don't use Electrum or just want to do it a different way there is [this guide]( which is pretty good.
[This may help those who want to do it on RaspberryPi3]( but I don't advocate for uacomment method (as they did in that guide). Instead use [Option 2 as described here]( or just use the Electrum guides provided in the first paragraph above.
@_date: 2015-03-17 08:44:20
While I understand that, I don't believe any future relationship with anyone associated with Chainalysis is going to be good for your organization's reputation in any way. Please refer to the following remark for some possible context here - some commenters have noted that Chainalysis may be violating various US laws, but this commenter notes that it is very likely violating Swiss privacy laws, for which there are serious penalties:
Again, I would strongly recommend you cut off all contact with any persons asociated with Chainalysis immediately, as well as make public statement of support regarding the anonymity concepts which Hal Finney and Adam Back had discussed which I referenced earlier.
This will really be the best decision for you and will serve for the well-being of the Mycelium organization.
Thank you.
@_date: 2017-05-07 04:00:49
I tried it without being logged in on Ubuntu / Firefox, on Android w/ Chrome, and on an iPad - iOS w/ Safari.  No problems on any of these, no login required.  You do see a "join now" button at the top right but there's no requirement that you click on it or interact with that button in order to see the content, which is public and requires no login or "join."  No paywall is present.  I've submitted the article at this point to 10 professionals or organizations who frequently publish on issues related to bitcoin (I'm not charging anything, I'm simply providing the content for free to anyone who will publish it) and if any of these individuals or organizations publish it on their blog, it will be accessible to more people.  
If you would like, please feel free to PM me your operating system and browser, and any details which corresponded to the problem you experienced, which would help me understand if you are unable to view the content I've provided.  
@_date: 2018-04-22 03:52:27
Well, countries and states certainly can try \- many of them are trying.  I think their efforts will not be incredibly effective.  What their regulatory efforts mean depends on what the regulation or law is.  
The real problem with this approach \(that some U.S. states and some countries are taking\) is that if we were to agree with their approach, people will be sent to jail for not having a license or not transmitting data within permissions of a state or country.  People can use dollars without a license, and people can write code and share it all over the world without a license.  Using bitcoin is no different whether or not you are writing code for it.  Using bitcoin is an expressive activity.  
Both legal / legislative advocacy \(against bitlicense and in favor of self\-regulatory organizational efforts\) and technical \(code\-level\) contributions for bitcoin privacy are needed to help and defend bitcoin users now and in the future.
If you're interested in helping, please see [here]( or [here]( for legislative advocacy stuff; if you're into doing more code\-level contributions, [check this out](
@_date: 2018-04-20 21:30:36
Interesting.  Yeah, retiring in Poland was never on my agenda, but now spending money in Poland is on my "avoid that shit" list.
@_date: 2017-05-29 22:45:32
The idea with this post was just to put it out there so that it's transparent in terms of what's going on with the proposal.  Also sometimes it is hard to find amongst the various items in the repository.
@_date: 2017-05-25 07:16:41
Great post by OP, but I want to add that if people think that this kind of thing that is happening in Venezuela can't happen in the United States, they are wrong, just look back at the [numerous recessions we have had over the history of the USA]( and as well, of course, the [Great Depression]( (in many countries, beginning in 1929) as well as the [Great Recession]( which began in late 2000s.
Serious financial problems have hit the United States before and it will happen again.  This isn't just a situation that is affecting Venezuela, India, China and North Korea, folks.
For many in the USA the viability or at least the buying power of the dollar in light of what they have has fast evaporated, and as a disturbing sign of governmental developments, there does not seem to be (regardless of what administration is in power in the United States) a serious effort to meaningfully tackle entitlement spending and reduce the mounting federal budget deficit, which is [now at over 5.5 trillion dollars with over 106 trillion in unfunded liabilities]( primarily from Social Security and Medicare.
If you can pay your rent and buy your food, great, invest the rest of what you have in bitcoin (mostly) and in ethereum and a few other good performing alts, and *hold*.  Use trezor (not a bad hybrid of cold storage / everyday use which allows for lots of security settings, can store various coins, and of course lets you create and keep paper backup in a safe completely offline).
@_date: 2018-04-21 08:18:27
Thank you Theo!  [As I've pointed out in this comment]( nobody cares anymore about what we do to stop bitlicense.  You know this to be true if you compare your donations for the case against NY bitlicense from a year or year and a half ago to today.  Or if you've tried to even get the "community" of people in r/bitcoin to pay attention to this seriously... good luck! 
I've paged [about this apathy problem]( and have suggested that he do a video segment on the recent introduction of bitlicense legislative proposals in multiple states and on the problem of the total apathy of crypto communities who presently don't want to do the hard work to defeat bitlicense as they'd rather pretend it will all just go away.
@_date: 2017-05-31 16:34:34
Related:  [A discussion of Jihanwuism](  Enjoy
@_date: 2017-05-31 16:30:17
Good luck convincing millions of people to abandon BIP148 because some people have the idea they are going to develop a BIP and an amazing and better idea before August 1st.  It just doesn't make any sense what you are suggesting.
But I do agree with the "be friendly and build good code" part.
@_date: 2018-04-20 09:51:30
Leave Poland, move to Slovenia. Problem solved.  Poland wants to become a national park with zero population (or at least, zero businesses)?  That's easily enough done, they can pass more laws like that.
@_date: 2016-10-20 16:13:53
Definitely.  I think we're in a good position to do that in CA having defeated bad bitcoin legislation twice, so my thinking is maybe we can encourage the passage of good language and put a stop to further state attempts to require people to have permits for use of cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2016-10-11 11:29:49
yes, and my thoughts were instantly "but what if the quantum computer..." In which case an argument could be made that anyway you need to develop a stronger model and maybe neither is adequate (and both have certain risks).
I thought [the crypto stack exchange answer here on the difference between the two]( was pretty good and is better than an explanation I can give.
@_date: 2016-10-30 14:20:53
Thanks for that answer.
@_date: 2017-05-29 00:28:50
It's a "survey," please feel free to go to the bitcointalk post which has the survey / poll links.  
@_date: 2017-05-03 18:26:34
You can donate to them whichever way you like and not tell everyone on reddit about it if you don't want to.  (You can get very creative about it too, one time I donated to them a domain name which I knew that they would have a use for later, but most people donate through direct donation, amazon smile or humble bundle I think.)
@_date: 2018-04-21 07:52:01
Paging -- wondering if you would be willing to do a video segment on this problem of the spread of the introduction of bitlicense as introduced in Connecticut. Hawaii. Nebraska. and Alaska and the problem of apathy in crypto communities today.
 When California's bitlicense was proposed in February 2015 for the first time, there was huge uproar and outrage in many areas, and it wasn't hard to organize against it; by the time we took down the third attempt at a California bitlicense (fortunately the latest CA bitlicense attempt went down in flames in January 2018) there was such apathy in crypto communities it was hard to even get people to recognize that it had been defeated a third time - much less get people to rally against bitlicense proposals in other states..  
It is worth remembering that when bitlicense is adopted in a state, exchanges leave that state and do not return.
I hope you will do a video segment on this.  Thanks for considering this request.
@_date: 2017-05-30 21:27:31
@_date: 2017-05-31 22:33:43
Answer TL;DR:  Because the bitmainers and BU types are now hiding out in the Segwit2X camp and hoping to boot the core devs so that they can take over, that's why.  And Garzik seems happy to push Segwit2X and pretend it isn't happening.
@_date: 2016-10-30 23:31:40
How so?  All I see here are baseless claims about my discussion (e.g., "you got your ass handed to you," or "you brought religion" into it).  I simply provided factual claims, primarily which were ignored by a statist who defended capital controls.  My primary source was an article which described, rather factually I might add, that approximately 2/3rds of the global population would be participants in the largely unregulated economy of SystemD by 2020 (just over three years away from now).  I also provided additional sources (factual, non-religious).  People can choose to ignore what's happening in front of their faces, that's fine, it's their choice.  I just point out the obvious.  Captain obvious here.  Signing out.
@_date: 2017-05-23 16:19:29
@_date: 2017-05-25 20:49:34
"Unfair," "apples to oranges," these are the words of someone who is riding currency systems whose time is up.  You may present any argument you wish, but it's fairly clear you haven't done the math.  You simply keep coming back and claiming "unfairness" when the world throws math at you.
@_date: 2017-05-31 15:42:33
Related to this discussion, maybe, [in another thread](
@_date: 2016-10-27 16:44:08
Good article.  It's also worthwhile noting that [Zcash]( / / Zcoin is launching ~~in testnet~~ in mainnet on Oct. 28, 2016 (I have confirmed that people have mainnet nodes running and have a GUI wallet for it as well) and can be traded via Bitsquare. Also, JoinMarket has fixed its previous problems and [its new release is available](
@_date: 2017-05-31 16:03:00
It depends on 1) how much capacity is added as a result of Segwit (remember Lightning / lnd, which would help the fee issue even more, is not yet implemented in Litecoin [which has activated Segwit] nor in Bitcoin but could be implemented much more easily in both following Segwit activation) and 2) how long will it take to clear unconfirmed transactions.  See number of unconfirmeds here:  
Then there is the issue of the time taken to "roll over" to Segwit as you mentioned.
@_date: 2015-03-17 05:48:26
Rassah, you have always struck me from our previous interactions here on reddit (in which we've discussed possible improvements for Mycelium LT) as someone who is serious about privacy issues, but I think in light of this latest experience that you need to do the following:
1) Make (now) a clear break from Mr. Møller (who strikes me as an idiot given what he's gotten himself involved in) and anyone involved in Chainalysis - no communication with them, period, unless it's of a legal nature to close out affairs permanently.  I note that you've stated that "he is a really skilled coder who understands how bitcoin works really well," but there are others who fit that bill and would, I am sure, be willing to work with you. (You claim he's a friend, but if I were you, I'd put some ice on that.)
2) A statement of support for true anonymity as an option in bitcoin in the manner suggested by Hal Finney (before his passage) here..
It is also referenced in the bitcointalk thread on Chainalysis here:
@_date: 2016-10-20 16:09:37
Agreed, in that my post could have been a lot shorter. I'll think of that next time I write about this.  So far as the rest of your comment I disagree because I am trying to encourage people to get the state to focus in on security standards for exchanges instead of demanding everyone get a permit for use of cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2016-10-18 20:12:03
@_date: 2016-10-22 22:22:50
The realization of GATCA depends on CRS implementation.  See [my post above](  Make sure you don't use a bank in a country that has a FATCA IGA, make sure also that you avoid using banks in any country that is a CRS country, avoid "Five Eyes" countries," and make sure your bank is a non-FATCA bank (doesn't have a GIIN).  If you don't go through these steps you can be certain your bank is constantly reporting everything about you to the US and to numerous other world governments.
It probably would also help to start planning for how you will close your accounts with your traditional bank of choice soon (by "it probably would also help," I mean it would likely be in your best interest to do so and to seek another alternative means of moving your funds about).
Again, one more reason to stop using banks, and many people around the world are already taking advantage of [alternative options that either diverge or depart completely from the traditional banking world](
If you are holding or moving bitcoin, you should only hold your funds in a secure wallet where only you have the control of the private keys, such as [Electrum]( [Core]( [Mycelium]( (Mycelium also allows you to conduct trades), or [Armory]( (which allows for offline transactions and the ability to [broadcast transactions over the air, if you have the right equipment]( If you are using an exchange, you should be using a decentralized, distributed exchange such as [Bitsquare]( - not a web-based exchange or brokerage.) This was essentially [my warning to people on the subject back in October of 2014](
  It has also been noted that by 2020, less than four years from now, [approximately 2/3rds of the people in the world will be operating primarily in the unregulated economy (otherwise known as SystemD)]( The banks are less mainstream than the media and government shills would have you believe.
@_date: 2017-05-08 21:12:14
I'm not sure I understand the latest drama over Jihan (other than the obvious nightmare of [Bitmain / ASICBoost scandal]( maybe someone should explain to me with TL;DR.  To me, the path forward seems pretty clear, it looks like Segwit will activate, people will have more options and perhaps much of the warring will diminish for a while?  I'm kind of looking forward to it, because if Segwit and LN become mainstream, things like [Subsatoshi]( and [ABIS]( become much more viable.  This isn't meant to diminish the importance of full nodes in any way, but it may be good to post here now and then how to run a full node.  I seem to recall something on that on reddit a long, long time ago. Looking around, [here's one post on how]( and here's [another](
Also, here:  It really needs to be shortened.... BURIED in there is a reference to the important port 8333 issue (which has to be opened if you are really going to have a functional full node).  Which would be very easy to miss given its placement in the content on that page.
@_date: 2017-05-06 07:45:54
Thanks for the donation, and yes, there is a definite need.
I think a TL;DR is in order for it. 
A very short TL;DR is that I would like to see it be easier for people to give voluntarily from whatever wallet technology they prefer.
Longer TL;DR:
The basic idea of the 'ABIS' concept is to develop the GUI of (the wallet, or in the case of an exchange, the user's order options) so that the user can specify that at a certain threshold (when the user broadcasts a transaction that meets a minimum amount), then certain persons or organizations (who have addresses stored by the user) will receive a small donation at a level set by the user, as a 'background transaction.'
The recipient(s) could be a brother of yours who is ill, or a nonprofit that you think is deserving, or anyone at all with an address who can receive and in your opinion should receive.  You decide, and it is managed by you from the wallet, so that no-one else would be saying for you who you should be donating to (or limiting giving activity).
How this looks and feels to the user is just as important as how it works.   [This is the description and general appearance of how it is implemented in BCN]( as the user sees the GUI in settings.  Notably in BCN, the wallet allows you to do "donation mining" (provide a portion which result from the mining done from the wallet to whoever you wish, and limit the amount of hashes donated) as well as "random donation on each transaction" which allowed you to set a maximum percentage donation.  BCN uses the Cryptonight algorithm (based from CryptoNote with adaptive limits) / a schnorr ring signature in the Curve25519 group ~ which has received favorable remarks and acceptance from some bitcoin developers, [which I mentioned here](   An early implementation was developed for bitcoin (in what was known as SX tools), but with the transition into libbitcoin-explorer this code was not preserved; and it would be better to incorporate the 'ABIS' concept into a major wallet.
In BCN, the dust was handled, based on my recollection, in a recipient-focused approach, which maintained privacy and allowed sender and recipient to specify how much of a "mix_in" count they wanted to have associated in the routine course of their transactions - their giving of dust did not compromise this process.  In bitcoin it would be a bit different, but to sum up some potential possibilities, [VDP]( was inspired in part [through a discussion in ABIS]( developed VDP and won a hackathon, and [Subsatoshi]( was developed by ktorn and others as an implementation of VDP.  It is entirely possible that the ideas described in  and ktorn's Subsatoshi may soon be able to become mainstream upon Segwit activation and with use of Lightning.  (Description of Subsatoshi:  "In a nutshell, it enables the distribution of value across a large number of related stakeholders, powered by very small off-chain cryptocurrency transactions, known as microtransactions.")  ktorn explains "normal" non-subsatoshi dust transactions between VDP payment processors and how they could be facilitated by Lightning [here](
Essentially what I'd like to do is see this (ABIS + Subsatoshi) implemented in a major (highly used) wallet technology and / or high volume exchange or decentralized market.
@_date: 2017-05-06 23:47:46
The article as it appears on LinkedIn is visible to the public without sign-in, but requires sign-in to leave comments.
It's possible that the article may be republished on the Blockgram blog, although I don't know if they will or not, I've submitted it to them for consideration.  
If you would like to publish it somewhere else, please feel free to, I only ask that you publish it unmodified and in its entirety [as it appeared in the original LinkedIn article]( and that you credit me as the author as follows:
*- Colin Gallagher is a member of [Lifeboat Foundation Advisory Boards]( (Complex Systems, Human-Nonhuman Relationship, New Money Systems, and Philosophy) and the Bitcoin Foundation's [Education Committee]( He encourages decentralization of the giving process through support and adoption of the [ABIS project](
@_date: 2017-05-21 05:58:03
Unlikely this will help, but a simple search yielded [this visualization related to your address of interest]( which in turn [leads to this IP address](  However, that's not a final destination, it may only be a pass-through, for which some service was involved (such as a VPN).
@_date: 2016-10-26 22:26:57
(Link to [American Redoubt]( - Link to Idaho's [section of its State Constitution which prevents the state from enacting gun and ammo registration laws]( - Link to State of California citizens' effort which is [a work in progress to develop a proposed State Constitutional Amendment to keep the State from continuing its unconstitutional course](
@_date: 2017-05-22 03:08:32
Really glad to see this happening.  Hope to see it done soon.
@_date: 2018-04-13 21:47:48
Slovenia is surely a better model than the U.S.A. with respect to crypto laws.  See also this, shilling commencing:
@_date: 2017-05-31 20:45:21
I agree about the issue of (either a company offering a service, such as BitPay [yuk] or a group of developers who have provided a repository so that people can download software - Electrum, Core, etc) needing to *adjust* fees and not have a model where they drive themselves into the ground.
But if BitPay was sincere about that, they would support efforts for people to develop capacity (and thus by extension, ultimately lower fees in the market).  The proposal best positioned to do that in the near term is UASF - BIP148 - Segwit.  Instead, they are proposing a Segwit2x to try to subvert efforts to implement Segwit.  (Presumably, Segwit2x will have fee structures and features that will be favorable to BitPay and their horrible business model.)
And in case you haven't noticed it, in the repository of the three-day old Segwit2x proposal being advocated by Garzik and others at BitPay (and various others), [they are actively trying to figure out what to do about the fee issue, but haven't figured it out]( Before anyone jumps in and says "OH YES THEY HAVE AND IT'S GREAT AND GOOD," no, they haven't.  They simply don't know what they are going to do, and they are leaning on one person, Garzik (of BitPay!) regarding fee issues.
[Here is what he said about it](
I will quote him here (in his entirety) in case the comments get changed or whatever:
*"Dear all,*
*Thanks for the feedback. Great discussion. Thanks especially to  and  for their input.*
*Pending some due diligence &amp; testing, it seems like BIP 91 bit 4 signaling segwit and bit 4 signaling hashpower secures a 2M hard fork is good path forward. The next-step would be to close this PR, and merge the BIP 91 stuff into the 2M hard fork work.*
*The current implementation in-tree would not partition the network. That was addressed.*
*The current implementation in-tree - changing a single bit at the P2P network layer - is not grossly incompatible with bit-1 segwit. It is straightforward to update software to a new bit before it is locked in stone. This happens in network protocols sometimes.*
*Yes, that is sub-optimal, as current nodes on the network would not validate witnesses without an update. It is a short term cost, something to be avoided if possible, but bearable because you get SegWit in locked in in the long run.*
*If hashpower and network are securing segwit via bit 4 solely, it is stating the obvious that everybody will simply switch to using the new bit and life moves on, with segwit active.*
*Nevertheless, it is clearly advantageous to maximize compatibility with existing deployed nodes, thus attaining the conclusion stated in point 1 above.*
* 's comment is worth emphasizing: One key hurdle with BIP 91 - due to mutual mistrust sadly - is the worry by some in the WG that BIP 91 is simply a way to have SegWit-and-not-2M, thus violating the charter and spirit of the agreement.*
*Trying to be open and honest on all points."*
What Garzik did not ackowledge in his comments was the fee issue expressly brought up by JaredR26 earlier in that discussion, who pointed out that:
"Under bit4 signaling, un-upgraded users ***will face significantly higher transaction fees*** because of both the constrained blockspace and a small increase in non-transaction data within legacy blocks. Many more users will upgrade to support bit4 signaling than would with bit1 signaling. This upgrade could (and probably would need to to satisfy the segwit opposition) come with a default forcing function that forces a future upgrade and/or auto-hardfork 6 months after activation."
So, ***Garzik has chosen a path that will in fact lead to higher fees by design.*** I do not fault anyone who designs software or services to ensure that people who use the network actually pay fees, however, I ***do*** fault people who develop intentionally (directly or indirectly, anyway) so as to lead to higher fees when it is not necessary to do so.
Segwit2x is basically an attack on bitcoin due primarily to that people that run certain services are afraid of UASF.  Segwit2xers (who at this point from the spam I have gotten in my inbox, include plenty of BU and r/BTC people) are allowing Garzik to run with the fee issues which, as you can see from the repository remarks I have quoted here, reveal that they are intentionally developing ***even higher*** fees into Segwit2x -- obviously not what users "sign up" for.  This is no doubt only scraping the surface of what is going on here.
@_date: 2017-05-12 04:13:44
cc @_date: 2017-05-28 23:49:08


@_date: 2017-05-09 16:08:56
To be able to "listen" for connections.
As quoted from on this very issue:
*"If a node is not listening for connections, then it can only connect to existing nodes that have their port open. Nodes without their port open cannot make connections with nodes joining the network or looking for more connections. By running a node without the port open, you are essentially taking resources from the network but not giving anything back yourself."*
@_date: 2018-04-14 17:27:31
Quoting from my comment, because you do not read:  "I heartily encourage and indeed demand that you go do your own damn homework, seek legal counsel (e.g. a tax lawyer), and verify ***independently of reddit*** what the heck is going on." As stated in my comment above to which you are responding.  Nobody should believe your personal interpretations or mine as counsel, they should find out for themselves with the guidance of their own (preferably legal) counsel.  Your so-called "service" and your talk on reddit is not help for people.
@_date: 2017-05-26 06:53:06
Thanks for this comment and I look forward to hearing more about this soon.  Please check out some (rather old) [ideas in the bitcoin repository about incentivizing contributions to the network]( etc. - perhaps some of these same comments might help your discussion about how to incentivize developement of bitsquare / bisq.
@_date: 2017-05-21 20:34:44
I suppose so, but it effectively, uacomment doesn't actually render a 'vote.'  It only communicates support.  Akin to telling a legislator that you don't like what they are doing [when they have been repeatedly voting for bitlicense in CA]( but then voting for Democrats anyway in the next state election.  Totally ineffective in the end.
@_date: 2017-05-11 04:19:39
This is great news, thanks to those who helped make it happen for litecoin, bitcoin is next I think.
@_date: 2018-04-22 02:40:57
Look, if you don't care... then don't even bother commenting, because if you claim you don't care, if you are truly serious  about not caring, then you wouldn't even bother to come around here and type out a one\-liner. If you haven't contributed lately to bitcoin privacy *but might in the future*, please feel free to comment.  But if all you do around here is post comments about how little you care, please do that elsewhere.  It's not constructive.
@_date: 2017-05-29 22:43:04


Precisely, TL;DR:  uacomment method really does nothing.


Hadn't heard anything about that, it may be FUD flying or may not, I would just [ask on the Electrum twitter](  They will clarify no doubt.
Note, I don't see a need to split BTC if in the end as of August you just wait for a clear winner and sweep privkeys to wallet which supports winner, but I do understand the nature of the question.
@_date: 2017-05-19 07:35:01
@_date: 2017-05-08 19:14:36
Good to see you doing this, Charlie.
@_date: 2017-05-22 21:46:40


Er, no.
Those merchant services, etc., in the bitcoin wiki, include references to BitPay, Coinbase, and many others that are TPSOs and are known to report users to the government and / or freeze users' assets.
So no thank you.
note / edit:  Coinkite's original wallet service no longer exists, but they do have a open source bitcoin checkout and invoice system which you can self-host, [which is found on their github](  It won't work anymore in its current form, but I imagine someone can modify it based on the code that's been left behind (to exclude the reliance upon nonexistent coinkite servers / accounts as that service has ceased to exist) and hack up something new from the repository if you wanted to.
@_date: 2017-05-29 22:13:00
See also [segwit projects overview in core]( - covers items in progress, current issues, and pull requests that are done (merged).  Note that [pullreq 10442]( does not appear in the projects overview for whatever reason.
@_date: 2017-05-20 20:58:16
It will be at 3k soon, so I can throw some confetti around then or something.
@_date: 2017-05-21 20:44:49
Is there a pull request in for any of this (related to having this be an option in Core)?  I looked and didn't see one.  I saw [an open issue with the concept mostly ack]( which has some commits associated with it.  *edit, derp: It's a pull request, not an open issue, my mistake!*  Some pushback from jgarzik, but nothing substantive.  Curious if this will go through.
@_date: 2017-05-02 23:23:02
Hey Bruce,
I've been following up with EFF and just got word from them that they are opposing AB 1123 as they did with AB 1326 (you know, the CA bitlicense that we've defeated twice before, which AB 1123 basically is a cut and paste of).
They have written the legislature about it, and are working on timing regarding when it would be most useful to actually blog about it, do action alerts, that kind of thing. 
I suggested to them some follow-up actions (as follows):
*1) Definitely update / reactivate nobitcoinlicense.org to oppose AB 1123 (CA's third try at bitlicense) (people contact their state legislators via EFF)*
*2) I would also recommend that on the same page EFF include a link somewhere to the [Bitcoin Foundation's efforts to raise funds to try to overturn the NY Bitlicense](  This is a real court case, it's been in the news a little but it has very minimal exposure and it could use a lot more exposure!  The case is coming before the NY Supreme Court [on June 8, 2017](
*3) One of the things that happened when NY Bitlicense went into effect:  companies (bitcoin exchanges, brokerages) didn't just leave the state, they stopped serving New York customers.  That will happen in California, too, if AB 1123 were to pass.  (Its language is substantially the same as AB 1326.)  The reason I mention this to EFF is because I think one of the strategies this time should be to actually ask EFF members to contact the bitcoin exchanges in California and ask them to speak out directly against AB 1123.*
Of course, it is essential to keep the pressure on (EFF, the legislators, exchanges... etc) in order to defeat this a third time.  But so far, so good.
@_date: 2017-05-25 18:38:15


Unfair?  Unfair to who, governments that produce the dollar?  It is an open economy.  People can utilize whatever currency system they please (and there are over seven hundred decentralized, distributed ones that are not issued or managed by states).  The loss of seigniorage has been thoroughly discussed and has been a well-known subject for many years.  Nobody is required to invest in interest bearing bonds, ordinary people making a living don't do it customarily, and the [risk of many callable bonds]( drives people away  from that particular investment vehicle, anyway.
Recommended reading:  
*The sovereign individual : mastering the transition to the information age.*
*by Davidson, J. D. &amp; Rees-Mogg, L. W. (1999, 1st ed.) ~ New York:  Touchstone / Simon &amp; Schuster, Inc.*
(The best version to get is the one above, but it was originally published in 1997 with the same name, also published by Touchstone.  [All versions of the book are shown here](
Here's a nice quote from the book:
*“As ever more economic activity is drawn into cyberspace, the value of the state’s monopoly power within borders will shrink, giving states a growing incentive to franchise and fragment their sovereignty.” (p. 179)*
Interestingly, I actually used quotes from that book as part of an online dialogue in 2014 on "[What should be the purpose of wealth]( which was part of a project I helped develop called the [National Dialogue Network](  (The Dialogue Network is still active today and [is currently offering grants]( to fund dialogues for people who apply before the end of this year.)
If you appreciated this comment, and are feeling generous, please feel free to [help out a project of mine here](
@_date: 2017-05-08 19:12:48
TL;DR:  *USD/Crypto Drama: in other words, how negative reaction of some banks to bitcoin will pressure people to seek out alternative (non-bank) solutions*
@_date: 2017-05-21 20:28:14
Yep.  I'm of the mindset that ultimately we will solve most of these problems with technology, but we can't ignore the legal / legislative developments either.  Stopping the worst bills from becoming law will help people.
@_date: 2015-03-01 21:51:29
That which the Board has failed to do (or even bring to a vote for half a year), will you consider getting on the agenda?
[Specifically, this](
@_date: 2017-07-19 07:30:39
Vote against Newsom if you are in CA when he runs.
Yes, the legislation makes no explicit mention of bitcoin or any cryptocurrency.  But if you read Dababneh's AB 1460 carefully (and see my comments above in this thread) you will understand why this seemingly innocent bill is in fact sinister and is in fact an attack on bitcoin and indeed the 900+ other cryptos.
I want to add a comment regarding your comment about "money whose origins cannot be traced."  That wouldn't be bitcoin, at least not at the present time. Some people's privacy practices or the wallets they use (and they way they use them) makes traceability difficult to say the least, but patterns of transactions can be analyzed across the chain.  Not that I advocate that because I don't, but just making a point about it.  
20,000 foot view of this, every individual / company etc. should be able to make / accept payments however they want.  Not have stuff forced to be "first through" or "only through" a bank.
@_date: 2017-07-24 05:54:13
It's the real hilarious irony here, as those who are shilling for the BCC cancercoin because they haz a sad about Segwit would actually benefit from Segwit and Lightning being implemented down the road, since there would be the ability to route payments "across more than one blockchain (including altcoins and sidechains) as long as all the chains support the same hash function to use for the hash lock, as well as the ability the ability to create time locks." (as quoted from bitcoinwiki on Lightning)
@_date: 2017-05-25 02:55:53
Sure, but that and I think people are not so willing to support these projects.  Something as simple as having a truly decentralized market (not even an exchange) that supports Tor doesn't even exist yet (won't exist until OB 2.0 public release, as only the developers' release is currently out).  So far as decentralized exchanges go, these are arguably key to the future of bitcoin but very few people are willing to support them or even know they exist.  It's almost as though there should be a website such as "helpdecentralizedexchange.org" or something that lists actual decentralized exchanges and shows how people can contribute (code or cryptocurrency).  There is simply not enough support a.t.m.
By the way, Satoshi had preliminary code for a decentralized exchange as part of what is now Bitcoin Core.  It looks like Satoshi (whoever that was) intended for an eventual decentralized exchange as part of the core bitcoin client. It was stripped out by developers later on and never fully developed.  [Proof](
@_date: 2017-05-31 02:02:37
Great article!
@_date: 2017-05-21 06:20:47
M1 is a metric for the money supply of a country and includes physical money — both paper and coin — as well as checking accounts, demand deposits and negotiable order of withdrawal (NOW) accounts.  M2 includes M1 plus short-term time deposits in banks and 24-hour money market funds.
The "money supply" I refer to is the "broad money" which is described at CIA World Factbook as follows (I won't link to it here):
*"Stock of quasi money compares the total quantity of time and savings deposits _denominated in the national currency_, held by nonbank financial institutions, state and local governments, nonfinancial public enterprises, and the private sector of the economy. When added together with ""M1"" the total money supply is known as ""M2."" The national currency units have been converted to US dollars at the closing exchange rate on the date of the information."*
Broad money is discussed further [here]( in a general sense.
See also [this article element]( for why M2 is often utilized to measure money supply in the United States.
@_date: 2017-05-29 00:11:38


Thanks for this reminder!
@_date: 2017-05-29 00:06:58
THANK YOU for this - I was looking for exactly this but had no idea honestly where to find the instructions for what to do, and found them here.  Thanks to et. al.
@_date: 2017-05-31 15:37:03
My view on this:  
If the developers want to improve the code submitted for BIP148 to core, they have an opportunity to do so.  The code is not yet ready, but some developers have been working to try to make it ready.  [Longer discussion on that]( 
But to sit there and just say "it's dangerous it's dangerous it's dangerous" is, in fact, obstructionism and will harm bitcoin's long-term prospects.  There is an actual need for people to be able to have the option to enforce UASF in core and it is reasonable to request it.
Litecoin developers worked hard (*very hard*) on this stuff, figured it out, and it is working.  Like anything, not without issues, but look at bitcoin's repository, you will find it always has open issues for development or improvement of one thing or another.  If you want examples of what works and where there are problems so far, check out Segwit performance and issues thus far on Litecoin.  
In the end, I view the request for an option for UASF - BIP148 - Segwit in core (not default... an option) to be perfectly reasonable assuming the code issues are worked out.  But I am concerned by some of the obstructionism in the remarks I see in the conversation from bitcoin-dev.  At this point, all involved should be able to hopefully discard any latent *Jihanwuism^1* that they possess and get to the point of how to improve code so it's either ready or not instead of claiming "danger" about something they are uncomfortable with. 
*^(1) Jihanwuism:  The character of being obstructionist for the sake of obstructionism and the sense of preservation of the status quo, or of having such a characteristic which the (Jihanwuist) individual may not realize exists, but which lays dormant (in a latent state) until potential progress exists in the proximity of the individual which triggers the Jihanwuism (which manifests itself as an effort to hinder reasonable efforts or collaborations by others to make progress).  A reactionary and hostile mode of response to the environment.*
@_date: 2017-05-25 08:03:32


Except that the U.S. dollar has been declining in overall purchasing value for some time.  I understand your general point about deflation-spending relationships, but the U.S. dollar has been declining in value for various reasons, as has been documented [here in 2007]( and [here as described in 2014](
edit:  And here's a handy visualization of the consistent and historical decrease of the buying power of the U.S. dollar, [from a post in April 2017](
@_date: 2017-05-28 23:46:42


Really, I don't understand why this post has gotten so many upvotes.  It is kind of a ridiculous post and I'll explain why.  There is one simple reason:
**1) There will not be a large number of people who will ever install two full nodes merely because someone published a guide saying it is a good idea (even if it might be a good security measure).**
That is all.  No further explanation is needed.  Look at all the endless reddit posts of people who keep griping about "COINBASE HAS FROZEN MY COINS" when they don't even realize that they don't own their coins because they signed up for coinbase and anything they have with coinbase is literally coinbase's.  Everybody wants easy street.  Nobody wants to do anything serious for their own security.  
If they did, more people would be using either decentralized exchanges, or at the very least there would be a lot less people using coinbase, and there would be more people running full nodes.  
These explanations in the above paragraphs are not necessary, though.  Please see the only thing that matters here, it is item (1) above.  Note there is no (2) or (3) or anything.  Just one item, (1).  That is the only point that matters here.
Yes, maybe some people will install two nodes as this guide has suggested.  But how many people will actually do that?  The best possible outcome is that a large number of people will formally signal for Segwit and that it will happen.  Expecting the bulk of bitcoin users to run two nodes is unreal because it is not going to happen.
*edit:  as correctly points out, the most realistic way to deal with this is (paraphrased), "do nothing (I store in my normal Core (or Electrum..) wallet), then wait that a clear winner is made. I don't do any transactions as long as the fork isn't resolved. Then once settled, I import privkeys in a wallet that support the "right" chain and do some transactions..."*  In other words, as of the end of July, don't spend / transact anymore, then wait for news of the actual winning chain, then do the above.  (Depending on what happens you may not need to actually do anything.)  If you are Electrum user you should consider at least reading and possibly [doing this]( which I found a really great guide.
@_date: 2017-07-19 08:04:55


*Some* will.  The stupid ones.
Others won't. Look around at the approaches you see to it.  Which differ widely depending not just on where you are in the U.S. but where you are in the world.  
Govs that aren't dumb as rocks are going to let people do what they will with it and treat it simply.  They'll have some tax structure for it but won't do what the U.S. does, which is insanity IMHO because think on it.  In the U.S., (with some limited exceptions), every transaction or value change from when you obtained to when you release the unit of currency to someone / somewhere else is considered a taxable event, unless you have the coins protected somewhere (e.g. via an IRA type situation, with the IRA owned by an LLC).  So potentially many tens of thousands of taxable events per year... minimum.  Then you are taxed at the end of the year (filing). Some people are also taxed quarterly.  
Contrast that with your use of the dollar.  You get paid in US dollar?  You are taxed at the end of the year and / or you make quarterly payments (oversimplification, but hey).  You don't have to assess changes in value of the dollar every time it changes hands.  You don't have to worry about different states treating it different.   Why should you?  
The U.S.A. for all its supposed acceptance of cryptos is living in dinosaur land compared to how some other countries have accepted bitcoin, etc.
@_date: 2015-03-26 21:08:37
I've been hesitant to say this before, but as services like Chainalysis pop up, and as states like CA and NY (not to mention Russia, China, etc.) continue to tighten the screws, I think that it may no longer be enough to have Tor support.  The various wallets and services are going to need to have Tor on by default, until such time as something like Zerocash is provided as an option for users directly in the bitcoin protocol.  
I have been critical of Tor use with bitcoin in the past due to vulnerabilities.  It seems when some (Tor) vulnerabilities are addressed, as with all such systems, others are soon newly revealed that can be exploited; and Tor is not directly integrated with bitcoin protocol but is distinct software which can be used with bitcoin.  Regardless, it is what people have for now and I would suggest people use it as well as exploring I2P and VPN use.  
Other than Coinkite which has good privacy features, I cannot possibly advocate any online wallet use.  I recommend you choose between Electrum, Mycelium, or Core.
@_date: 2017-07-23 00:51:41
You are right and while I have long felt it was possible, it now certainly is becoming "even more possible."  I will check out r/LightningNetwork as well.
@_date: 2017-07-19 07:33:40
Start that Bitcoin IRA now before CA makes it so you have to "do that through only a bank," too.  Amazing no-one sees where this is going.
@_date: 2018-04-13 21:34:53
Agreed.  Another thing that should be pointed out here is the incredible level of bullshit in this space (primarily found on reddit) which is targeting newcomers to crypto.  While people should evaluate their tax liability and determine how they wish to proceed, there have been a huge spate on reddit of self-professed crypto-tax experts whether on this sub or in cryptocurrency or in ethtrader, where OP has also posted (and various other so-called crypto-tax experts have posted). Some of the worst offenders are those people who have been posting all over the universe, Tyson Cross and Jason Tyra, who (like OP) have been claiming that they are crypto tax experts and they know what's good for you! Guess what.  They don't. 
Usually it goes something like this:  "Hi, we're (insert company or service or firm name here).  My name is (name), CPA.  Blahblahblah."  Followed by wall of text, and a claim that everybody under the sun and every single action they ever do every time they ever touch crypto must be reported to a tax authority.
Which is, of course, bullshit.  (If you're in the U.S.A. and are looking for source material - whether you are inquiring about exchange related stuff or what happens when you start getting paid in bitcoin, [start by looking at the IRS guidance](  I do not work or do anything for them but why not start there if you are researching this.  If you live in Slovenia, great, you don't have to worry about this as they don't regulate bitcoin as a currency or asset with the exception of the tax on bitcoin mining, which I don't like, but Slovenia seems to have the right idea in not regulating or taxing it heavily.)
1) *DO NOT TAKE TAX ADVICE FROM RANDOs ON REDDIT (that includes me, though I hope you will not listen to OP's advice - I mean, if your solution to this is "huh I think I should listen to StoptheVok because that entity made CryptoTaxes and StoptheVok's post got voted to top of reddit," then guess what: that's a really bad decision you are making! Rethink it!*
2) *DITTO FOR TWITTER OR ELSEWHERE!*
3) If you are going to get tax advice for cryptos, don't listen to me or some other schmuck hawking their P.O.V. on reddit (or twitter, etc.)! FFS, *go to some well-respected, well-recommended tax advisor, CPA and preferably tax lawyer (if you're looking at large-ish sums)*.  Depending on your country, how you have them stored, if you've ever even traded, what vehicle you have used to store / legally shield your assets, and so on, there are literally a million different ways this could go.  Alright, not a million. BUT MANY.
4) Stop listening to U.S. centric people who are shrieking at you that it must be true that it must be so that you must be taxed on every single crypto to crypto trade.  Yes, you absolutely should track all your trades and keep good records of what you do! No, you should not listen to random redditors who speak in convincing tones suggesting that you are responsible for reporting every trade you've ever made. Instead, go to a tax lawyer!
FINALLY, and this is important:  Not tax advice, but you should confirm shit for yourself and do your own homework on things like (U.S.A.) 1031 and not just believe whatever you hear people spouting about it.  For example (again: not tax advice), I can tell you, because I have researched it, that the exchange from crypto to real estate (based on new tax reform bill) is now really not allowed (that is, not allowed as exempt - but research this yourself dammit!) anymore, and that nothing has truly changed for the question of crypto-to-crypto exchanges (in the USA at least) since the IRS literally has not issued a ruling on it. _The final tax reform bill repealed the "like-kind exchange" rules effective to exchanges completed after 12/31/2017, but no further rules were published either to replace these (and certainly none were developed for crypto by the IRS yet)._  Which means, by the way, that crypto-to-crypto exchanges are not formally taxed unless you convince yourself that someone yakking about it on reddit can issue regulations merely by posting on reddit (but, it is easy to see, it is in the interest of people who run tax services, and self-professed crypto tax "experts," to try to convince you to report as many transactions as possible regardless of whether or not each transaction is reportable, because these "crypto-tax experts" make more money the more that people either assess for possible reporting or ultimately report.)
BUT AGAIN! DO NOT BELIEVE THIS (That is, me) RANDOM REDDITOR OR ANY OTHER RANDOM REDDITOR ON THE SUBJECT OF TAXES!  *DO NOT TAKE TAX ADVICE FROM PEOPLE ON REDDIT!* That includes from me, since I offer no such advice, I heartily encourage and indeed demand that you go do your own damn homework, seek legal counsel (e.g. a tax lawyer), and verify independently of reddit what the heck is going on.
@_date: 2017-05-31 20:53:10
I wasn't aware you were stabbing me in the heart.  Please do go on.
Edit:  Since you said "what is wrong with BIP148 isn't in the lines of code implementing it," I am curious what issues in your view it has, and what your thoughts are on [this](  (Either here or on github, but I suspect that people would benefit from your review of it on github.)  I am in favor of it but I think review / contributions to improve it are needed and no doubt would be welcomed.
@_date: 2017-05-29 00:27:51
The post said "survey," there are links in the (bitcointalk) post to the survey / poll where you can go.  
@_date: 2017-07-08 00:58:59
Happy to help
@_date: 2015-03-01 08:57:32
If there were any sanity here, Luke-Jr would remove himself from having bitcoin wiki editor privileges (or some of the other editors would remove him, presumably, if that were possible).  But as it stands the same people will be editors of this until death, meaning that ultimately there will be a downward spiral no matter how you look at it (not trying to slam those who have been good custodians of the wiki, just saying).
Unfortunately, one of the best pages out there about bitcoin - [bitcoin.org]( - has a link on one of its pages to the wiki... [here]( at the bottom of the page.  I suggest that the bitcoin wiki be removed as a link that is present in bitcoin.org.
@_date: 2017-07-16 04:59:25
No need for any action to "keep the US dollar going out of the country," when so many people are just converting the US dollar into coin.  [Fair visual (though clearly not a complete picture) of this here](
We don't need bad regulation, we just want to be left alone as we continue to convert resources into the coin of our choice and trade (or do whatever else with these protocols) accordingly.  (Some uniform guidance for security standards of exchanges wouldn't be bad, but it already exists or could be easily tailored for that purpose without diving into the unnecessary nightmare of AML/KYC.  [It's right here]( made by reasonably intelligent people who actually work with crypto.  I've contributed to it myself.)  In point of fact, even taking into account existing regs, people are already AML'd/KYC'd to _death._ No more of that nonsense is needed.
But asking for more regulations (state or federal) on individuals (or startup or small business), or more regulations on exchanges that would ultimately limit how the above mentioned entities are able to use cryptos, is senseless and should be opposed.  Security standards or regs (designed to ensure that an exchange does not Gox out), yes.  Other standards or regs which effectively target or limit the individual / startup / business use, NO.  Ne - vah.
@_date: 2017-07-19 23:04:25
Please see my other remark on this same subject, so I am not repeating.
@_date: 2017-07-22 21:18:41
What a great article! I really appreciated the comprehensive overview, and the mentions of CT and Schnorr which have actually been discussed in bitcoin development off and on, but deserve more attention.  Again, thanks!
I pointed out [in a past reddit post]( that Schnorr has many benefits to look at.  
TL;DR of that post:  In fact, a variant of Curve25519 is used in BCN - which uses the Cryptonight algorithm (based from CryptoNote with adaptive limits) / a schnorr ring signature in the Curve25519 group ~ which has received favorable remarks and acceptance from some bitcoin developers (also, the popular Monero is a fork of BCN). Additionally Greg Maxwell and Pieter Wuille implemented Schnorr signatures in libsecp256k1, a library that was (still is) planned to replace Bitcoin's use of elliptic curve cryptography. In fact, you can see for yourself where the Schnorr ring sigs were merged into the repository, here (August of 2015): 
Here is a project of mine where the usage of this has been explored with an eye to small transactions involved in peer-to-peer voluntary microgiving scenarios with an implementation in BCN (I hope to extend that to a bitcoin wallet when we have Segwit and Lightning / lnd).  
@_date: 2017-05-25 18:44:46
@_date: 2017-07-08 21:12:15
Exactly.  He is the past, the ancient dinosaur world.  He is the representative of all that no longer matters.
(Edit:  If you are asking who he is in terms of his title or whatever, he is a member of the California Legislature who writes and proposes this crap.  In particular, Dababneh and numerous other CA Dems in the CA Legislature have been pushing this kind of anti bitcoin nonsense year after year since early 2015, though fortunately most of their proposals have failed.)
@_date: 2017-07-22 21:02:01
I appreciate this and recently started exploring Samourai as a wallet option.  Haven't used it much yet but what I see so far is very promising.  Thank you for this.
@_date: 2017-05-21 08:04:25
Hm, very interesting! I am curious though about the viability of it being able to stay up 24/7 (which is key to running the full node effectively).  What has been your experience with that?  And since it is fanless, does it tend to get hot under constant use?
@_date: 2017-07-24 00:20:11
@_date: 2017-05-07 09:29:22
Learn from this, folks, and instead of using coinbase try decentralized alternatives.
 (yes it supports Japanese Yen / JPY Tether)
if you run I2P, you'll want to at least check out  ExchangeD.I2P 
if you want to check exchanged.i2p status on clearnet, you can see it at  - just don't register or use the service via exchanged.i2p.xyz, because 
1) it is clearnet, 
2) nobody knows who runs the outproxy, 
3) possibility of MITM, 
4) etc etc
also, same thing, accessible over tor: ~~ 
~~or~~ ~~  Note... TOR hidden service may not be up.
~~Clearnet API available (maybe) at 
~~Also see 
p.s.:  For those wondering what the heck is going on that is (probably) causing limitations on your ability to use certain exchanges, [this article explains it pretty well (read it all the way through)]( and it certainly is sobering.
@_date: 2017-05-07 01:17:14
Great article!  Thank you.
And of course, am looking forward to Segwit activation / LN becoming widely used.
@_date: 2017-05-07 01:21:41
timely, relevant, will probably steal this and make into beer and coffee coasters.
@_date: 2017-07-08 21:59:47
@_date: 2017-05-06 02:56:40
Absolutely please donate to EFF.  Some recent reasons to do so (EFF's defense of bitcoin users and their position against California's third attempt to pass bitlicense) [are described here](
Oh, also please if you would like, consider donating to my project, called [ABIS](  It could use a little love.
@_date: 2017-07-16 23:37:57
Update:  Governor hasn't yet acted on AB 1460, so there's still time to ask for a veto.
My letter to Dababneh (sent through the legislative website that allows you to contact the bill's author directly):
*Dear Mr. Dababneh,*
*It is clear from your bills that you have introduced and failed to pass since early 2015, that you lack necessary reasoning, and you lack the capacity, to develop any rational approach to economic matters.*
*Therefore, it is my position that henceforth, in addition to AB 1326 (2015-2016), which the people of California have defeated, and  in addition to AB 1123 (2017-2018), which the people of California have also opposed and will also defeat, that I and others will also oppose this bill, AB 1460 (2017-2018) (which although it has passed, we will urge the Governor to veto), and furthermore, we commit to opposing all bills you introduce in the future that would propose any new restraints upon the economy and upon its participants.*
*In effect, this means that I anticipate that a growing number of us will be opposing all bills that you introduce.  I urge you therefore, to retire.*
*Colin Gallagher*
*Chair, Education Committee, Bitcoin Foundation*
*Member, Advisory Boards, Lifeboat Foundation:*
*Complex Systems Board*
*Human-Nonhuman Relationship Board*
*New Money Systems Board*
*Philosophy Board*
I'm about to send a similar message to the Governor, but one that is nicer basically explaining the reasons for a veto -- while also bringing up why none of Dababneh's bills should be allowed to be signed into law.  
@_date: 2017-07-19 07:53:32
I'm not sure that Coinbase and Bitpay are great examples to provide here...
In fact there are other examples of payment processor solutions that don't require that one doesn't have to get into the sort of problems that you can get into by using Coinbase or Bitpay.  
But on a larger level I concur with aspects of your statement because:
a) although much of the world is unbanked, many people still use banks
b) there is fiat, it is not going to disappear anytime soon, although there are certainly a growing number of people moving it into cryptos
c) certain types of regulated solutions provide a "wrapper" of sorts which can provide a long-term safe harbor (e.g. IRAs, IRAs owned by an LLC, the list could go on and on),  - such solutions do involve custodians, trust, etc. In other words, they are not peer to peer
d) Banks are not that competitive with nonbank services, but they are part of the market.  To the extent people want to use them (whether people use banks, nonbank services, peer to peeer software, or all of the above) they will, and which they use or in what circumstances or to what extend depends on which is best for people in the market.  It's competitive.  Nothing wrong with healthy competition.... This is kind of why I wrote this piece.  There should not be bank monopoly, which is what Dababneh is trying to create....
In other words, I firmly believe that people's choices should not be restricted here by people like Dababneh and the CA State legislature... or any other group of bozos with flawed ideas about restricting how people choose to pay for services.
@_date: 2017-07-19 16:52:27


No, you are absolutely wrong and that's exactly what's at issue here. 
People should have the options:
a) making a payment (or obtaining some service, or exchanging something for another) through a bank
b) doing the same as the above through a non-bank service / organization
c) doing the same as above through a peer-to-peer system
Your claim that it would be a "unmitigated fucking disaster" is without merit.  If you don't think people should accept bitcoin for services rendered, well it's a free market and you are free agent.  You are under no obligation.  But don't sit there and pretend it can't or shouldn't be done, or that the state should prohibit it from being done.  That's a serious mistake in your attitude right there, friend.
Giving people choices ensures that they will be able to have ample options so that they will in turn be able to set up not only opportunities for themselves but safeguards as well.  When the state starts prohibiting classes of transactions from taking place, you have China.  You have North Korea.  Or maybe I should say, you have California and New York.  It is not the place we want to be in.
Your argument also fails where you attempt to discount my statements about the relationship between AB 129 (2013-2014) "Lawful Money" and AB 1460 (2017-2018) which is more the topic of this post although as I've pointed out the two are related due to language. 
To be very specific, under AB 129, the bill (which is now law - and I'm glad AB 129 became law) simply stated,
"Existing law prohibits a corporation, flexible purpose corporation, association, or individual from issuing or putting in circulation, as money, anything but the lawful money of the United States.
This bill would repeal that provision.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: NO   Local Program: NO  
Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:
SECTION 1. Section 107 of the Corporations Code is repealed."
And that was all.
So to clarify, the "lawful money of the United States" is of course, the U.S. dollar as referred to there.  However, the term "money" as referred to in AB 129 does now refer to other things that people would want to issue or put into circulation (if people want to use them as such).  The use of bitcoin as money is lawful, even if some people in the State don't see it that way.
A further point of clarification.  I don't personally view Bitcoin as money.  I understand its monetary application (as one of its applications) and how people can choose to use it as such (Bitcoin is one thing, bitcoin is another).  I work with it in that context just like many do. But I see that as a choice - one which people make.  The law, AB 129 (2013-2014) made clear that people would be able to make such a choice without penalty from California.  Since then, people like Dababneh have been trying to incrementally change or alter this at the behest of banks. 
You sit there and twist words by claiming "bitcoin is not cash, nor lawful money, nor currency of a foreign government" under AB 1460.  Yet bitcoin can be used as "money" in CA under AB 129 as I have repeatedly pointed out.  And all laws end up having implementing regulations.  It would not be difficult to see a circumstance where implementing regulations would occur entirely out of public view and expand even further on the restrictions already explicit in this law, as has often been the case in California.  Indeed, if someone wanted to use it as a cash basis (or interpreted it in some other manner) when making a payment to the licensee under AB 1460's language, which is now law, if making the payment peer to peer, the transaction would simply be illegal.  It would be illegal because it would NOT HAVE GONE THROUGH A BANK FIRST.  As such, Section 1734 does in fact apply.  
It has broader implications as well because the passage of Dababneh's law means that the California legislators who passed this will feel free to ban other classes of transactions. Am I wrong?  No, they have already banned purchasing raffle tickets with bitcoin.  Now they have made it so you must transact through a bank to make certain other types of payments.  How hard would it be for them to continue this trend to incrementally make it so that all payments in this dinosaur state would also have to go through banks? Not very hard at all.  Would people who actually use bitcoin care?  No, but the problems would be tremendous and such actions would drive more businesses out of the state (and possibly exchanges, depending on the level of idiocy of the Legislature - as happened in New York when certain regulations were passed).
That is a monopoly and you can sit there and throw weasel words all day long, and it doesn't change the facts of the matter.
@_date: 2017-07-19 07:31:21
Yes.  But why not give more scientists a shot?  Assuming they have a good platform... And agree to honor basic rights... I'm asking a lot here.
@_date: 2015-02-16 19:34:32
Next time you downvote and comment, try posting useful information relevant to thread instead of just maligning op. Over three exchanges were hit in 24 hours and I propose solutions. Don't hate on me for that, propose your own solutions and ideas instead of saying "I have no idea."
@_date: 2017-05-31 16:21:50
I appreciate the posting of the roadmap link, but I don't see the point in a new BIP (for Segwit) being as there is already an existing BIP on this... BIP148... and code to implement it (in bitcoin core) which is in progress, as well as available code (to implement UASF - BIP148 - Segwit) in other places. With all due respect to Mr. Garzik.  I do however agree with the overall idea of his medium article... be kind to each other and build good code.
@_date: 2017-07-19 07:32:15
Bingo.  There is only one place in the world where you can currently go to a bank and transact in bitcoin and it's in one single bank in Switzerland.  (Edit, or maybe it's two, but they work together on the same thing.  Bitcoin Suisse AG and Falcon, and it's for Europeans, I don't think they service U.S. persons yet for buying bitcoin through their bank, unless you are a dual citizen..)  So basically, nope.
@_date: 2015-10-21 02:08:45
That is amazing! Thank you for letting us know about this success story.
@_date: 2017-05-21 20:36:00
That would be a good option.
@_date: 2017-07-19 07:41:38
Coinbase is not a bank, it connects to banks very directly though.  I don't use Coinbase (haven't for some years now).  I do commend them for their stand in court against the IRS in the "we want all the data from everyone who bitcoins" case, though.
@_date: 2017-05-31 15:49:09
More capacity means the market will eventually support lower fees (even without taking into consideration the capability of certain features of Segwit and Lightning / lnd to be able to address this very issue).  I hope people here are supporting efforts to enforce and ultimately activate Segwit (UASF - BIP148 - Segwit), which will of course once activated in bitcoin, meaningfully address the capacity issue.
Some average fees right now can be seen at  - it's definitely not an ideal situation.
In the meantime, for those dealing with difficult fee issues, you may want to use Electrum, Core, or compile BIP148 (as described at [uasf[.]co] - I believe Mycelium as well - but for sure the first three examples above will allow you to tailor your fee in a way that will make it workable, Electrum in particular makes that easy.
See also [this]( which describes different ways to enforce (UASF - BIP148 - Segwit) depending on what wallet you have or want to use.
@_date: 2015-02-03 06:23:54
Hmm, initially at least, I wasn't sure.  It shows the information as "Source:  under "Wallet users" so it was not clear what kind of wallets those are.  So I went to the link,  to examine what kind of data was being displayed there.  The heading simply says "My Wallet Number of Users" and from that I infer that it is "My Wallet," corresponding to the My Wallet service of blockchain.info 
So what in the world is that information doing so prominently on the Bitcoin Foundation site?  If you ask me such information should be presented for Core (KPI) or **in aggregate** for wallets such as Mycelium, Electrum, Armory, and Core (a big altogether number representing number of wallet users for those wallets). What I am seeing on the Foundation page isn't making sense.
@_date: 2017-07-22 20:58:48
Since the passage of the Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in 2011, the FDIC insures deposits in *member banks* up to US $250,000 per ownership category.
Beyond that, you need to get some kind of other thing.  That is why organizations worth their salt (including non-bank organizations) that are willing to work with you on crypto asset IRAs will typically offer a $1 million Consumer Protection insurance policy with Lloyds of London if you desire it.
@_date: 2017-07-19 08:10:18
Article that came out on the foul stench of state cryptocurrency legislation a few days before Brown signed this bill into law:
Great read.
@_date: 2015-10-21 02:02:03
Hardly.  Actually, not at all.  Don't ever rely upon a politician for anything.  (But the legislative update regarding the passage of SB 178 and the defeat of AB 1326 is not bad news.)
@_date: 2017-07-19 07:32:56
@_date: 2017-05-31 02:12:53
Was wondering when this would happen, figured it would be soon and here it is.
@_date: 2015-02-14 05:05:11
Another reason why screw Google and let's hopefully get some decentralized distribution platform going as soon as possible that competes with Play. cc: @_date: 2015-02-18 01:49:06
Look at the bigger picture always. It is not the immediate or evident that one should seek, but the hidden and silent trails, slowly uncovered, heard more than seen, like the rattle of flat pebbles shifting in the shallow of a silently winding stream.
(A few pebbles slowly turned)
@_date: 2017-05-25 04:52:33
I know that I said that Exchanged.I2P doesn't qualify as a truly decentralized exchange (because it relies on I2P / eepsite(s)), but I will mention it in the context of your above statement on fiat, because somehow Exchanged.I2P figured out how to do fiat (although it's low volume).  It does not rely upon institutions / organizations, and you can use that exchange with merely a PGP signature.  And if Exchanged.I2P can do that, certainly there is a true decentralized model that would also allow it to work, that would not be reliant upon institutions / organizations to move fiat.
@_date: 2017-07-24 00:32:40
Yes, there are 1316 UASF nodes and growing.  I wouldn't worry too hard.  However, just a point to observe, we are at July 23, so people should start (if they are not already) using BIP91 enforcing nodes until about August 10.  (Including any of us who have been into UASF / BIP 148 / uasf.co previously.)  This is why ( from a schedule posted by ):
2017 July 23 18:00 GMT — BIP91 epoch finishes, BIP91 is activated
2017 July 23 18:00 GMT onward — Every block signals BIP141 (Segwit)
2017 July 27 or thereabouts — New Difficulty Adjustment Period Begins (2016 blocks). Every block will be signaling for Segwit.
***2017 August 1 00:00 GMT — BIP148 starts, but does nothing since every block is signaling BIP141 due to BIP91.***
2017 August 10 or thereabouts — Difficulty Adjustment Period closes with &gt;95% signaling and BIP141 locks-in.
2017 August 23 or thereabouts — Difficulty Adjustment Period closes and BIP141 (Segwit) is active.
2017 November 18 or thereabouts — 2x Hard Fork (scheduled) (*comment mine (pcvcolin): Though I suspect this could actually be avoided.*)
*edit:* If I had a magic virtual finger I would reach in and turn to virtual glass with a virtual preemptive strike, all the Bitcoin XT nodes, Bitcoin ABC nodes, and probably the Bitcoin Unlimited nodes too (quite a few of which are Digital Ocean freebies right now).  I would also nuke Classic nodes to glass, in part because over half of them were always spinup freebie nodes / AWS hosted on just a few IPs in an attempt to frustrate real progress.  
But there is no such big magical virtual finger, so the community will have to put up with the ridiculous behavior of some people until mid August when Segwit is locked in and things are cleared up.  The cancer of BCC (and related things) will go away and things will move on (although the controversies will not). 
It is one thing to want to develop your own project in the hopes of having code improvements and enhancements and that's fine. It's another thing entirely to try to frustrate the will of the majority of users who have been waiting and hoping for Segwit. 
Thanks for reading.
@_date: 2015-02-15 08:14:55
As one who has been working to change the bylaws on that - see details at my reddit AMA at 
 and also on github for the bylaws where I post as ABISprotocol - you can see that I do want everyone's vote counted and voices to be equal. 
@_date: 2017-07-08 21:11:39
You are right, but I felt compelled to inform the community.
@_date: 2017-07-24 01:05:46
People all around are like "I should have got it at 200 or 300," I remind them, "get it now and hold (hodl), you will be pleasantly surprised in a few years."
@_date: 2017-07-15 19:27:07
hmm, thanks.  Not good if what we see at user side is feet.
@_date: 2017-07-15 08:25:37
pretty sure their cert lapsed. tried to load mycelium's web sites (on two different OS's) and got cert errors and pictures of a wierd website with feet.
@_date: 2017-07-15 19:29:25
Now it says, "Oh oh, we are experiencing some server issues."
Edit:  My top post should ***not*** be getting downvoted to zero, this does merit discussion.
@_date: 2017-07-22 21:34:57
725 blocks remaining as of right now to lock in BIP141.  So please use BIP91 enforcing nodes until then, I guess. 
Edit:  No, wait, use the BIP91 enforcing nodes for longer (until at least August 10, I'm guessing), because see the schedule that pointed out in a different discussion... which was as follows:
2017 July 23 18:00 GMT — BIP91 epoch finishes, BIP91 is activated
2017 July 23 18:00 GMT onward — Every block signals BIP141 (Segwit)
2017 July 27 or thereabouts — New Difficulty Adjustment Period Begins (2016 blocks). Every block will be signaling for Segwit.
2017 August 1 00:00 GMT — BIP148 starts, but does nothing since every block is signaling BIP141 due to BIP91.
2017 August 10 or thereabouts — Difficulty Adjustment Period closes with &gt;95% signaling and BIP141 locks-in.
2017 August 23 or thereabouts — Difficulty Adjustment Period closes and BIP141 (Segwit) is active.
2017 November 18 or thereabouts — 2x Hard Fork (scheduled) (Though I suspect this could actually be avoided.)
@_date: 2015-02-09 03:13:40
You don't get it, first of all you are wrong about the supposed exemptions because you didn't read it closely, there are more details than the tweetable text you've boiled it down to.  second, NY has no authority over what we can do - none.  This is what it comes down to, right here: 
"We do not need their permission to transact."  
"We will proceed without them."
@_date: 2015-02-15 01:05:00
Oh, in addition, it's still unclear what happened to the approx. 300 members' data which from late Jan / early Feb needed manual update by staff due to that even paid up / renewed members were showing up as "expired" to Foundation staff. I was one of those members. I can confirm my record was fixed since I've voted, but what of the other members? Yikes.
Brief edit.. there are over 1200 members including lapsed or expired ones based on forum info, right? And I don't know the number of how many renewed by end of 2014... Yet another number is ... How many members actually managed to "activate" per the membership page under the new rule and bylaws change? Someone said three hundred sixty something. If so this process isn't working and we need to undo the "activation" bylaws thing in favor of something else... post election sorry to say.
Note:  I am a Candidate
in this election, currently running a reddit AMA.
@_date: 2017-07-16 02:35:28
Or people from Mycelium downvoted this.  Remember, I used to recommend Mycelium.  Then they pumped ads into it, and I and others recommended they change that.  Then they changed it, reluctantly.  Then they let visitors to their site see pictures of feet instead of the Mycelium brand.  They screwed up, not me.  Perhaps I didn't portray what happened here exactly right, but I'm not the one who should be fixing this.  I just tried to bring it to people's attention.
Edit:  Their website is now visible the way it should be and doesn't redirect you to warning errors or pictures of feet anymore.  It took them almost a full day to fix their web site. Nuff said.
@_date: 2017-05-07 18:55:44
I have been thinking for a while that this would be a good idea.  [Some related discussion with my comments here](  
@_date: 2017-07-19 08:11:16
Are you over 9000 ?!?
@_date: 2015-02-06 06:46:26
@_date: 2015-02-08 22:54:04
No, it doesn't leave room for any continued debate at all.  
Lawsky's "new proposal" simply says you can't engage in "any Virtual Currency Business Activity" at all without his say-so.  
None. 
And it's not even up to him.
I point out why it's not [in some remarks here at the Bitcoin Foundation forum](
@_date: 2017-07-24 10:43:19
*Eventually,* yes, and probably after many more screamings and cryings from Bitmain types, and after various more fork attacks to attempt to circumvent progress.  
***But not only can this decentralized exchange be developed natively, I say now that it will.***
For quite some time, I have asked people who have opposed Segwit progress to discard their Jihanwuism.  Certainly by now, all involved should be able to hopefully discard any latent *Jihanwuism^1* that they possess and get to the point of how to make code ready instead of simply expressing discomfort, dismay, or rampant obstructionism that we've seen (examples being from XT and ABC/BCC cancercoiners although these are certainly not the only examples). 
If you want examples of serious progress being made, please see:   and [this]( via (Is gentlemen).
*^(1) Jihanwuism:  The character of being obstructionist for the sake of obstructionism and the sense of preservation of the status quo, or of having such a characteristic which the (Jihanwuist) individual may not realize exists, but which lays dormant (in a latent state) until potential progress exists in the proximity of the individual which triggers the Jihanwuism (which manifests itself as an effort to hinder reasonable efforts or collaborations by others to make progress).  A reactionary and hostile mode of response to the environment.* 
@_date: 2015-02-05 21:40:21
Hmm, shit. Well, so basically, the only figure the Foundation has from that KPI, is really not a good figure at all (meaning, it's not representative of the various wallets that are out there)!  How would we make one in aggregate representing Mycelium, Electrum, Armory, and Core then? (Not interested in the numbers for the web wallets, as I've already concluded those involve too significant of a compromise / hurt users too much for numerous reasons I don't wish to argue in this thread - I'm just here for the numbers for Mycelium, Electrum, Armory, and Core.)
Re. Coinbase, they "sort of" publish their numbers, in the form of hyped up announcements, like their recent, "look at us, we have passed the two-million user mark!"  Kind of not a big deal, since Multibit passed the 1.5 million mark for downloads back in March of 2014, which was well ahead of Coinbase (which was around a million at that time). But it does make you think... what can you do to stay ahead of Coinbase, BitPay, and the Windhover group? Probably it involves looking at downloads in part.
Also, I agree people can try Core or Electrum (or anything) out and never use it again, but I'm not sure that's a good argument not to have numbers.  I think there is an argument to track how many people are downloading your app per day just from the perspective of interest, and how many have downloaded it over time, etc.  How many installs, how many active if possible.  You want to know how you are doing by way of comparison with the web wallet crowd. 
@_date: 2017-07-15 06:58:23
ok, ty!
@_date: 2017-07-24 00:23:39
The news about Segwit was basically the impetus for this post, as well as emphasizing thanks to those who have brought us this far by working on it and Lightning.
@_date: 2017-07-19 01:42:39
For those who are interested in this subject, Governor Brown sided with the banks yesterday, against over 900 decentralized, distributed systems (not just bitcoin but many others) as he ignored our advice and signed AB 1460 into law.
News release on it here:
@_date: 2017-07-08 21:18:23
Hyperboria?  IPFS?  Maidsafe?  Bitcoin? ... i2P... Tor.. etc.
Note:   You can now utilize bitcoin protocol over radio or television without access to any internet.   Technically it's possible to utilize OB (which utilizes IPFS) or similar without access to the internet with a bit of know-how.  Hyperboria, of course, without internet because it's peer to peer mesh.  Also check out  and the Serval Project.
@_date: 2017-07-19 08:08:14
Hey dino.  Please just don't tell me you are that scary purple dinosaur from TV, and we'll be OK.
@_date: 2017-05-25 07:01:02
It's called "arbitrage," just look around the world exchanges and such.  [Here]( is a brief (text and video) explanation.
@_date: 2017-07-19 07:28:43
No, see the text of the bill.  In pertinent part, it states "Any fiduciary funds, as defined in Section 1733, received as cash, lawful money of the United States, or freely tradeable currency of any foreign government, by any person licensed, whether under a permanent license, restricted license, temporary license, or certificate of convenience, to act in any of the capacities specified in Section 1733, shall comply with Section 1734, but shall initially be maintained in a trust account in a bank or savings and loan association in California, licensed by the State of California or the United States government and insured by the FDIC." 
Remember, under AB 129 (2013-2014) - "Lawful money" - when that was signed into law in CA, people here technically had the legal option (not having to worry about State issues any more) to use any decentralized virtual currency as "lawful money" (edit, correction:  as money, without penalty from California, at least at the time of the enactment of AB 129 in 2014) if they wanted to.  Text of AB 129 here.  
Notice the "lawful money" reference is explicitly referenced in AB 1460.  It's pretty obvious that under CA definitions, that includes bitcoin.  It was something that few people would have caught because quite a few people have forgotten AB 129 was actually signed into law in 2014.
This is what Dababneh wanted in the bill, but it is also why I asked the Governor to veto it (he signed it into law instead).
@_date: 2017-05-07 19:34:33
if VPN then try this, [I put it onto notehub]( for you and anyone else who may have problems with the previous link.  You'll still get the cloudflare notice.  Inevitable to have to do this with respect to content distribution, because whenever I publish on this issue the site I publish on has always been "DDOS'd" (or selectively blocked in places, or both) whether intentionally or not.
@_date: 2017-07-19 07:22:57
The bill is anti-Bitcoin because it is Dababneh's method of banning any transactions that would not first be routed through a bank that would go to pay for certain premiums or bail. 
Technically now, if you want to pay a licensee directly in California for certain insurance premiums or bail directly by bitcoin payment, it will no longer be legal because it would not be done through a bank.  Read the text of the bill carefully.  This was also the case before this bill (essentially the law only really permitted you to route such payments through California banks) but Dababneh's bill (which preserves this status quo and stipulates that it would only be legal to do so through California or other U.S. banks protected by FDIC) ignores the reality of cryptos (and nonbank services as well) where people are bypassing banks.  In fact because so many people are unbanked (including those who don't even use bitcoin at all) this bill is a slap in the face of a great many people.
Notice he does not mention bitcoin or virtual currency anywhere in the bill.  He (Dababneh) has learned it is easier to pass a bill basically "banning bitcoin" if he does not explicitly mention bans or licensing for bitcoin in the bill (since his CA bitlicense bills, AB 1326 and AB 1123, have failed to pass and in fact were defeated with broad opposition including opposition from EFF).
@_date: 2015-02-09 02:38:33
Everything about the device and anyone's e-mail who you have communicated with even if you turn iCloud off is being sent to Apple, without telling you.  Apart from the fact that this probably violates a ton of privacy laws, it compromises everything you are trying to do from a financial privacy or business perspective, I'm guessing.  So basically you are looking at a "trust us" rather than a trustless model, and I don't see that it's secure.  Rather, it's insecure, and to claim that the model is secure is facially invalid.  I see that as highly problematic.
@_date: 2015-02-11 04:24:08
Hi, you aren't going to find articles on it.  but here's a starter for you to do some research. please next time do your own homework. thank you  by the way this is just a tiny portion of the mailing list ongoing back and forth.
Not the first time this has happened, won't be the last, and do your own digging if you want evidence of the previous times it has happened, I get tired of showing older documentation. TY
@_date: 2017-05-21 06:09:49
Excellent video.  As followup reading I recommend [this article]( (which I wrote, and which describes the state of things in various states).
@_date: 2015-02-11 04:19:41
It's possible.. I see such a thing being possible with organizational help (EFF, OpenMedia, etc) and a lot of developers' buy-in, as well as an alternative decentralized platform that developers would be fleeing to. It would have to be pretty major. 
@_date: 2015-02-10 21:18:06
TextSecure and RedPhone have repeatedly been banned from play store (and then allowed back and then banned again and then allowed back) and that has repeatedly been a matter which has been discussed on mailing lists so it is not conspiracy talk.  Irrespective of moxie's current take on where it should be released from, the past discussion (from the prior year) I alluded to (and which is still fresh in many people's minds if you were to ask around) centers around whether it would just be better to put it on f-droid.org and the actual website (f-droid comes with its own set of issues as was also discussed on mailing lists various times) or would it be better to deal with Google play's endless circle jerk of yanking it off then letting it back on and the bullshit that this entails.  And here I am not merely talking about TextSecure and Redphone but "WSADD?"  (What Should a Developer Do?) So you are a developer (or an organized bunch of developers), what should you (or we together, organized) do in response to this issue?  In my personal opinion people should band together and give Google the big middle finger, but I'm really unsure how exactly that would work, and I think it would involve a really well developed decentralized platform - like, openbazaar, for example, but something that is tailored for distribution rather than presentation of information (openbazaar is essentially a decentralized ebay, so what I'm thinking of would have to be something a bit different - probably something like [coinffeine](
@_date: 2017-05-30 11:26:55
@_date: 2017-07-19 17:09:50
You have zero argument here.  Your words are indeed twisted, and if I had to guess, I'd say you are being paid to troll here, perhaps with a reddit account managed by one of the banks that lobbied to have AB 1460 signed into law.
@_date: 2017-07-19 16:25:55
Correct, and people should be able to take payments however they want to, and that should be made easy rather than obstacles being placed in people's path.  If people want to accept it as an option and see there are roadblocks to accepting it being thrown up, they will be less likely to accept it. 
@_date: 2015-02-05 21:49:02
If I understand this correctly... for Mycelium wallet, something like
623268 (or more) installs from Play store
More from your website (unknown at this time)
More as downloaded/compiled from github (unknown at this time)
40,000 approx. active installations (people using it right now, about)
But also,
50,000 downloads from Chinese stores (and an unknown amount of people who are using it, or not, in China)
Does this sound more or less right?
Sounds like it is hard to get a grasp on how many people actually are using it but you do have a general idea (once you sum up downloads from website / git) how many total downloads and the approx number of active installs.  
@_date: 2015-02-09 06:26:41
I understand your reasoning here, but I think a more reasonable option would be to discard your use of iOS / OSX (although arguably people have specific uses that it is very good for on the creative side - imagery, animation, music composition and remixing work, etc) ~ but I think with all the issues that plague it, the better thing would be for people to switch to Ubuntu or another Linux variant, or to dual-boot if they think they will have trouble with an abrupt transition.  The trouble really is the cultish nature of Apple, its adherents which believe that it is the one true solution to all things, the lines of people which you see in and out of Apple stores for any and all problems they have -- there's something very wrong and sick about that really.  If people can break free of that corporate mentality than they are a step closer to being able to actually being able to being in a place where they can say "Hey, I am capable of leaving this OS, I don't want to stay with a corporation that would do things [like this](
@_date: 2015-02-10 21:36:31
This is very cool, people should definitely listen to this if they want to get an idea what the candidates do or don't support (10 candidates participated this time)! Note: I am one of the candidates who participated!
@_date: 2017-07-19 23:06:54
Yes, broke it down thoroughly, but I think the argument (s/he) made at the  end was rather twisted, and frankly lacking in a comprehensive (20,000 foot type) view.  Arguably there is no need for further response to that argument made by as I think we are at loggerheads on this issue and the approach to it.  There is no logical reason for Dababneh's path forward.  If we prohibit certain types of transactions or gradually demand that they can only intially go through a bank, or that certain transactions may only go through a bank, that's a problem as it reduces choice.  People may still exercise choice, but at risk of penalty and therein lies a problem.
@_date: 2017-07-19 16:26:19
Yes, from banks.  
@_date: 2015-02-21 02:57:50
OpenBazaar is gamechanging, I've been using it a long time. I imagine this plus a plugin for [abis]( and eventually some collaboration with Mycelium LT.  The really significant change will occur when people can use this on their phones in a quick install - presently it can be set up to be accessed on a phone [through a VPS](
@_date: 2017-07-22 21:29:14
THIS - thank you for posting.
@_date: 2015-02-27 20:43:38
What The Hell, Luke-Jr
@_date: 2017-07-19 23:08:27
I'm well aware.
@_date: 2017-07-08 21:30:48
I've commented quite a bit (and done some work including dabbling in dev) in this space and I found this post really one of the best posts on reddit in r/bitcoin.  Thanks for putting the effort into it.
@_date: 2017-07-22 21:32:17
A fair point. Run the BIP91 nodes until it's all locked in.
@_date: 2018-12-24 01:01:56
Nice, thank you!
@_date: 2017-05-21 04:14:49
And now it's at 2055 USD/BTC.  Family and friends starting to ask questions about bitcoin again (this time without suggesting that it's a "pyramid scheme" or a "scam" and actually wanting to know something about it).
@_date: 2017-07-24 11:01:44
It's interesting discussion, but hardly comprehensive.  Just as a point of clarification, I am *not* ZmnSCPxj and I haven't yet done much on the list or github, but would like to down the road.
@_date: 2015-02-17 09:02:36
Good to see you here unshadowed again :-) and I want to invite you to ask away (anything of course) [in my AMA]( Thanks!
@_date: 2015-02-08 23:39:40
I don't see how you could possibly claim that anything on an iPhone or in fact OSX platform could possibly be secure.  That claim is just facially invalid.
(Note, quick edit, I'm not here to assault breadwallet or bitcoin, to be sure... but I would just discourage people from using iPhone or OSX for reasons like this)
[example 1](
[example 2](
@_date: 2015-02-10 19:01:34
This is what happens when, like with TextSecure and Redphone, your apps get too good.  "Someone" starts requesting Google to suspend them periodically.  Start planning for migration to other distribution platforms, tbh, I'm not sure why these discussions haven't already led to moxie / whispersystems having done so... this is a discussion that seems to be redone again and again on mailing lists...
@_date: 2017-05-30 01:29:34
I get the impression that is what developers are in fact working on now (an option for users of bitcoin core to signal UASF - SegWit - bip148 directly from the core client as it is distributed from the bitcoin core repository), but it's not ready yet.  *Edit:  [Kind of long discussion of the pull request is here](
@_date: 2017-07-03 04:35:00
The thingie hath been tested and there is an issue posted in the github for openbazaar-desktop for 2.0 which seemed as good a place as any to install, observe, and test initially (I simply haven't managed to get to the fresh pre-2.0-releases for OpenBazaar-Server, OpenBazaar-Client or look through how it does tor, yet). Happy 4th!
@_date: 2015-02-10 04:52:19
Hi, I've checked back to find no responses here ~ so I've chosen Feb. 11 for my reddit AMA. Time to be announced.  Let's Talk Bitcoin will release their multicandidate debate audio sometime on Feb. 10 so that will provide some good background info.
@_date: 2017-07-19 17:03:59
I'm not a drug dealer or trafficker, but I have a little knowledge of how that works, and I think they use cash.  A lot of (US and Canadian) dollars, mexican pesos, quetzales, etc.  There are some interesting stories about how most US dollars are irrevocably tainted with all kinds of toxic chemicals from (mostly illegal) drugs. I don't want to start a new thread on that here, but right now, the most anonymous money that money can buy is cold, hard, dirty sweaty (drug tainted) cash.
With respect to your concern about "what bitcoin stands for," if you actually care about it then you should be agnostic.  You shouldbe more concerned about your behavior with respect to its use than about trying to justify state restrictions on its use.  There is no justification for trying to justify state restrictions on code.  Period.  End.
@_date: 2017-06-28 08:05:34
I'm not arguing against it, I'm simply pointing out it's not capacity magic.  It is what it is.
@_date: 2017-06-02 05:07:38
Excellent news - thank you.
@_date: 2017-05-31 18:06:22
For those reading this, I want to remind you that BitPay also was one of the first companies to to back the deeply flawed Windhover proposal, which [contained a poison pill intended to advocate for regulation of decentralized identities](  (Note the statement on its page, "Compliance by Design."
The bitcoin companies that backed the flawed Windhover proposal [are identified here](
There is no reason at all to support BitPay.  Its developers are now attempting to undermine progress of UASF - BIP148 - Segwit with their development (and advocacy for) the three-day old, and totally unnecessary, Segwit2x. 
 It is frustrating, to say the least, to see these attacks on bitcoin by these bitcoin companies.
@_date: 2017-05-21 08:35:15
There are currently 582... but 382 of them are uacomment, which is frustrating.  More education is needed about why this is not so helpful.  If you want to signal UASF please [really actually do so](
@_date: 2015-02-09 02:41:43
Yeah, Apple is lying about it.  They've improved their encryption, but that doesn't mean they aren't also sending their own customer's information (including those who have turned iCloud related features off) straight to their servers, as has been documented before.  Cheers.
@_date: 2018-12-28 16:48:03
It does. Not much else to add here. Thanks for posting.
@_date: 2017-06-12 07:48:15
Try 15 or 20 USD instead, better starting point.  
Get a wallet (Electrum, Mycelium, or Trezor... suggested)..  I suggest downloading a wallet like [Electrum]( or [Mycelium]( keep it simple for yourself for now.  Avoid things like Coinbase, BitPay, or stuff you'd have to sign up for.  Generate a "receive address" once you've installed your wallet, look up help online if you don't know what your address will be where you will be receiving bitcoin.
Set aside some time on a Saturday and use Localbitcoins or WallofCoins (at least to obtain your first amount of 15 or 20 US dollars worth of bitcoin).  It's pretty self-explanatory.
@_date: 2017-05-31 15:45:51
Is correct, but probably more.
@_date: 2017-06-06 03:45:12
Question:  
What if UASF - BIP148 - Segwit were not to "happen" on August 1, but rather on July 20, prior to the formal date for Segwit2x which is "July 21 - Nodes Running &amp; Signaling begins?"
Would this make it more likely that UASF would be more dominant or "lead" in the process?
@_date: 2017-06-06 02:21:09
My brother was asking me "how do I get into bitcoin how how" so I sent him a nice guide by e-mail.  As part of the guide I made sure and told him what a "hodler" was and why he should be one and not worry about the value fluctuations.
@_date: 2018-12-24 01:02:11
@_date: 2017-06-28 08:21:49
Thank you
@_date: 2017-06-28 08:17:08
Dammit, you are right.  Can you summarize, though? (or post it with context or make a bot do something below it)?
@_date: 2019-05-02 23:16:27
If that is so, then why do people keep trying to pump UBI theft and Yang here? If it is OT, please no more mention of Yang at Consensus, since he and others are pumping UBI. I would never have bothered to post my UBI/CryptoUBI critique here, but a years old post on it archived on reddit was deleted (censored) after years of nobody objecting to it, without rationale, by redditors of the futurology sub being used to pump that. In fact, any critique of Yang's crypto theft proposals (UBI) is right now being actively censored in all subs.
The timing of this is suspect too. The threads were considered good for two years. Now Yang goes to Consensus and look at all the UBI threads being censored - not just mine. This is a censorship attack against those who don't appreciate thievery and who believe as I do that UBI is a thoughtless rejection of the value proposition of bitcoin.
So I came here.
@_date: 2015-02-11 04:30:12
Consider me! Here's [some more details about my views]( I will be doing a reddit AMA tomorrow (time not yet set).
@_date: 2017-06-29 04:55:31
While Rootstock is (to put it mildly) not good, due to reliance upon ethereum, I do agree that Segwit + lnd may well eventually lead to the additional development (and coexistence of) Sidechains and Drivechains which will increase capacity to some extent.  
@_date: 2017-06-01 19:16:29
I thought about it, and didn't for two reasons.
1) Some developers don't like for whatever reason github links relating to core development being posted directly to reddit.
2) Bitcointalk tends to be where people go who are more interested in technical / development stuff.  Of course the github is where the actual open issue is for the moment, until someone decides to close out the issue and move it to bitcoin-core-dev or bitcoin-dev, I suppose.
@_date: 2017-06-12 05:22:43
Perhaps related to OP's post, is [this sobering thought](
@_date: 2017-06-15 07:44:49


It's not a tumbler, so if the fees seem low for a tumbler, you are correct.


Not sure, but I'm guessing that this is mostly done offline and then the tx's are batched and confirmed at the same time.  Just spitballing, but I'm supposing that it might be done with [Confidence Factor]( and [Payment Forwarding]( potentially.
Also, though the above example suggested potential use of BlockCypher, it is possible simply using Core (and a bit of simple code) that someone has made a way to funnel multiple txouts into a single transaction, thus sending the funds to where they want to go while also covering fees, and signing the resulting single transaction probably with [SIGHASH_ALL|SIGHASH_ANYONECANPAY](
@_date: 2017-06-15 07:50:43
Happy to be of service!
@_date: 2017-06-02 05:37:46
One suggestion I've heard in the past has been some sort of algorithm(s) that build on top of Lamport Signatures.  The example of [Sphincs]( (which uses Lamport Signatures) was provided, as it enables one to use the same keypair multiple times without the need to remember the state of your key.  The Sphincs paper linked above also includes a discussion of SPHINCS-256, in addition to SPHINCS.  (SPHINCS-256, which like SPHINCS is "post QC resistant / resilient," is a high-security post-quantum stateless hash-based signature scheme, designed to provide long-term 2^128 security even against attackers equipped with quantum computers, that signs hundreds of messages per second on a modern 4-core 3.5GHz Intel CPU (or maybe not, depending on your analysis of what's in that Intel CPU, but that's the benchmark).)
This is so far the only suggestion I've heard about post QC signing algos to solve the problem on the horizon, but I'm sure there are various other methods.  Please list them if you have suggestions or have discussed this issue before.
editing to add conference info:  The eighth International Conference on Post-Quantum Cryptography is being held June 26–28, 2017 in Utrecht, the Netherlands.  Lots of stuff apparently will be discussed.  [Accepted papers for the conference are here](
@_date: 2017-06-08 01:49:47
"Woke up again and the USD is worth less than before, as usual"
@_date: 2017-06-08 05:35:08
BTW, [interesting page for testing of lnd](
@_date: 2017-06-01 00:32:42


That wasn't exactly obvious, though.  Kind of buried.  Shouldn't it be posted somewhere else very clearly? Maybe they should make a statement on uasf[dot]co that on Tuesday August 1 at 00:00:00 UTC (which in Pacific Daylight Time, would be 5:00 P.M. on July 31st, and which in Eastern Standard Time would be 7:00 PM on July 31st, so actually, the date depends on WHERE YOU ARE IN THE WORLD).
To demonstrate the differences based on timezone visually, go here:
Disable any noscript temporarily if you have it, enable javascript etc,
Move the slider bar til you see it line up to 12:00 AM UTC just on the start of August 1, then you can see how the differences are in the other time zones.  Note the various places where it is actually NOT August 1 based on the timezone even though it is August 1 at 00:00:00 UTC.
Note that at present *nowhere* on uasf[dot]co do they point out this issue with the timing.  There should be a section (short paragraph) on timing / time zones.
@_date: 2018-12-17 09:06:12
S.1241 is dead, never made it past introduce. It was a serious concern for all when it was introduced but apparently even Congress realized what a ridiculous thing it was that Feinstein and Grassley were pumping.
Tl;Dr DED
@_date: 2017-06-06 15:06:34
Yes, Segwit activation will make the whole thing about a million times easier.  
With that said please support UASF - BIP148 - Segwit.
@_date: 2017-06-09 17:37:54
I dislike increases in fees as much as the next person and probably more than most people.  But I don't think 5 USD is a massive increase in bitcoin withdrawal of fees, in the context of the situation.  By that I mean there are other options to move bitcoin around without that level of fees if you know how.  Various exchanges seem to be recently not just passing costs onto users (which would be normal) but also increasing to ensure their own costs are covered and exceeded by what users pay.  In other words, they are ensuring that they profit given the current fee market and pressures until Segwit is implemented, I think. 
I am not trying to make excuses for exchanges that raise fees unreasonably, I am simply stating that if we are looking at fees in that range described by OP, the best option is (if you don't like the fee or fees you are seeing) is to move whatever funds you are utilizing for trading out of the exchange into your wallet until August or alternatively to a more competitive place if you wish to continue trading.  It is an open market and very dynamic right now especially, it pays to look around.
@_date: 2017-06-29 04:21:54


Thank you, but what means Выкуси?
@_date: 2017-06-06 02:03:06
As per this code, u/jgarzik starts out like this:  "btc1 project operates on an open contributor model..." then quickly shifts to "Issues are primarily for btc1 members.   Non-members' issues will normally be closed automatically"  I didn't make that up, that's what he proposes in the code which kicked off this discussion.
Pretty clear how fast that cookie crumbled.  "Open" in Jeff's mind means exclude everyone except Bitpay and friends.  
**Side note / TL;DR regarding the many problems of Segwit2x**:  UASF as it is currently proposed in bitcoin core would actually achieve fee reduction, whereas the MASF proposed via Segwit2x (which is btc1/bitcoin on github) would substantially increase fees for at least six months and possibly more. Segwit2x also merged hard limits on transaction sizes and did so without any review. The development path of Segwit2x is essentially a laundry list of "what BitPay / Bitmain wants."
Also, for those reading this who are interested in *the background of Jeff Garzik's employer, BitPay, and what they have been involved in before this,* I want to remind you again that BitPay also was one of the first companies to to back the deeply flawed Windhover proposal, which [contained a poison pill intended to advocate for regulation of decentralized identities](  (Note the statement on its page, "Compliance by Design."
The bitcoin companies that backed the flawed Windhover proposal [are identified here](  As you can see, BitPay was one of those companies.
There is no reason at all to support BitPay.  Its developers are now attempting to undermine progress of UASF - BIP148 - Segwit with their development (and advocacy for) the now *eight-day old*, and *totally unnecessary,* Segwit2x. 
Tell these bitcoin companies who are pushing Segwit2x to stop doing what they are doing and ask all companies you are doing business with to support UASF.
@_date: 2017-06-16 06:39:12
Yes, essentially here, providing people with the option of it in Core.
@_date: 2017-06-15 07:00:25
I don't think this is really intended / designed as a tumbler.  But it does seem as though it would keep the recipient from knowing the sender's bitcoin address and vice versa.
@_date: 2017-06-12 05:17:47
That's a rack of nacks on Segwit2x folks.  It's not working.
Also, thanks to Eric for this statement on twitter and to for posting this visual here on reddit.
@_date: 2017-06-15 07:50:12
Thank you (!)
@_date: 2017-06-12 07:45:02
Some other commenters mentioned some possibilities, but one thing I haven't seen here yet in comments that is neat just for purposes of checking on arbitrage opportunities is here:
Really it's an invaluable sort of resource. Not perfect but very helpful.  Also each coin on the cryptocoincharts has a link to changelly so that you can swap one currency for another if you want to do it that way (one more option).
If bots, see 
@_date: 2018-12-28 17:37:36
I am making this comment as someone who has been involved in bitcoin for a number of years (nearly since it began) and as someone who for years ardently opposed bitlicense (I helped defeat bitlicense proposals in California) and as someone who has basically always opposed the monopoly that government has had on identification systems. I also think we can identify or certify who we are without relying upon government issued documents but that such a future is - while technically possible today - still far away. See for example the IDMAS project linked / featured as one of the collaboration project links at  for more ideas on identification alternatives. Or for even more ideas see 
The exchanges operate in most countries across the globe. They make some easy decisions and some hard decisions about places where not to operate and not to serve clients - New York, and North Korea being examples of places that most exchanges still do not serve. (Most exchanges permanently exited NY after it adopted bitlicense, and for North Korea, which is politically similar to NY, there are international sanctions preventing it from being served apart from the fact that access to and use of the internet there is extremely limited - presumably anyone in NK who has bitcoin likely obtained it by either in person transfer outside of NK or by setting up a corporate part ownership in a Chinese corp which is another thing they'd have to probably travel to do; it's also possible that their political leadership simply got someone living outside NK to send some sort of crypto to a wallet they control the keys for, and then there are suitcases full of cash if they want near anonymity in finance). A few exchanges returned to NY, but had to deal with the excruciating, arguably unconstitutional and extraordinarily ridiculous limitations and costs of bitlicense if they wanted to return and serve NY.
Meanwhile, all the other exchanges have to make sure they know who you are, even though most exchanges do _not_ serve NY, they still have to be diligent, because:
- they can't serve someone on a sanctions list
- they have to make sure you are not from NY, North Korea, or similarly off limits places that would have huge negative legal implications if they were to serve people there even accidentally - this is why most exchanges have layers of requirements before you trade and if you move... or if they think you have lost control of your account.
- they need to make sure you are you, because someone who is not you, does not belong in the account that belongs to you. Yes, you should be able to do what you please with your assets... assuming it is you.
- then there is the US dollar. If you are in Euro areas there are hands down less requirements to deal with on Euro anyway. But for USD it seems like there is a lot to deal with. Exchanges (assuming they are ones that are centralized exchanges, which are handling all the requirements pertaining to those depending on how they are formed and where they are) have to manage requirements corresponding to the currencies they provide and to the extent they use processors, a processor's requirements. (Bisq is different since each person runs a node and payment methods aren't run through / managed by an exchange but it's up to you what to use.) Typically the exchanges are dealing with various US Treasury requirements for MSBs too, but each exchange is a little different than the other.
- apart from all of the above, if you are in a bitcoin super friendly state (Wyoming? Idaho, maybe.. California -- for now, because EFF helped us and the Bitcoin Foundation all fight and defeat bitlicense proposals in California), you are better off, for now,  so.... location, location.
Which is also why some individuals and firms are migrating to places like Chile or Malta where bitcoin business is encouraged as well as asset transfer, investment, etc., taxation is minimal to nonexistent. It is up to you where you live or plan on retiring, but worth pointing out each country has its own requirements - but exchanges operate globally so they have to figure out how to operate everywhere and not get shut down all while fending off attacks regularly. Look for the exchanges that are best ranked on security. Those will be best to use.
@_date: 2017-06-14 04:40:11
I present to you [MoneyBadger](
@_date: 2017-06-06 02:59:37


Exactly what you said, this SB 741 is a "foot in the door law."
The reason for my answer to your question is because of [AB 129 (2013-2014)](
Some may have already forgotten, but AB 129 provided a really great situation for bitcoiners (and anyone else involved in any cryptos) in California.
That is because, per AB 129 (as quoted from its purpose / summary):
"Existing law prohibits a corporation, flexible purpose corporation, association, or individual from issuing or putting in circulation, as money, anything but the lawful money of the United States.
This bill would repeal that provision."
Incredibly, this bill actually passed with the final Assembly vote being 52 for, 	11 against, and 16 NVR (I think that's not voting or not present).  The Governor signed it and it became law.  What was the law that passed you may ask?
***"SECTION 1. Section 107 of the Corporations Code is repealed."***
This meant that from that point forward (as of June 28, 2014, the date it was signed into law and chaptered with Secretary of State in CA), bitcoin and in fact anything else crypto could be used just like the dollar could be used, to issue or to put into circulation, as money (if you wanted to).  Of course you were still able to decide if you did or didn't want to do so, but the passage of AB 129 meant that it would be extremely unlikely that there would be a legal penalty for deciding to do so in California.  It set the tone for CA as a "legally permissive" state.
A quick but important point. Bitcoin is not money.  It is better described as speech.  But one of its many uses can be to allow people to express themselves freely in a financial context as well as to facilitate transactions which might not otherwise be able to be conducted.
This brings me back to the "foot in the door" that you mentioned.  It is my feeling that SB 741, whilie it seems innocuous, is really exactly that, a "foot in the door," which would (if passed and signed into law) create a California precedent against AB 129, which basically has allowed bitcoiners to do what they wanted. SB 741 would say, "You can't really use it how you want, you can't use it like the dollar is used.  It's just going to be subject to our terms and conditions."  In some ways the author of SB 741 may be hoping that we won't notice that such a proposed philosophy is a bit like the ideas in the bitlicense proposals in AB 1123 and AB 1326.
@_date: 2013-12-30 21:08:06
Dear BitGive folk
Have been following you for a while.  Love what you are doing.
Check out this [ to see a proposal to foster a giving economy and a new social good using BTC or any other decentralized virtual currency / protocol. Cheers
@_date: 2017-06-29 20:08:03
Ah thank you for clarification
@_date: 2018-12-23 16:42:24
What have you done for Bitcoin lately? Hopefully something more than dis young scientists.
@_date: 2017-06-09 17:30:09
Correct answer. No, lightning would not require a(nother) fork, because actually Segwit would make lightning very easy to implement.  There is even already an open pull request in bitcoin Core related to part of lightning, which is associated with BIP-199.  [See reddit discussion](
@_date: 2017-06-03 05:23:35
This is arguably the best post I have seen on the subject.  Thank you for posting it here.
@_date: 2017-06-12 07:55:49
I differ a bit from Naval R. (in that I think that bitcoin needs more privacy development... in order to continue to do well) but I think that core development has (albeit gradually) worked on this.  It will become even more important in the months and years ahead.
@_date: 2017-06-29 04:22:29
Nice!!! :-)
@_date: 2017-06-28 16:18:38
And here's the business sign:
"BITCOIN FOR BURGER IN RUSSIA... EAT THAT HILLARY"
(edited to add Russian)
Биткойн для гамбургера в России ... Ешь, что, Илари!
@_date: 2017-06-08 06:14:55
For those reading this as an older reddit post, Bitwage finally did answer this question.  [The answer is now posted as a response to this question]( which addresses how they do reporting.
@_date: 2017-06-29 07:49:01
Thank you, I need to share that with someone (let's say friend of mine) who he got "left" by this Kazakh lady.  I think he "won" in the situation because honestly he's better off now.
@_date: 2017-06-12 03:53:47
Altcoin only?  That's pretty specific.  Then you are looking at Mercury (a decentralized exchange that deals only in bitcoin and alts).  Or bitsquare perhaps. Of course there are various others but like I said, shop around.
@_date: 2017-06-28 08:11:50
Just throwing this out there, since you said "beyond VISA levels of transactions," assuming you are not planning on revising that?  VISA has a peak capacity of around 56,000 transactions per second.  It will generally handle somewhere between 2000 and 3000 tx/s.
I'm not a fan of VISA, really, but Segwit + lnd gives you 12 to 14 tx/s.  Throw in everything else you mentioned (the latter two being essentially privacy oriented technologies and not capacity focused technologies at all) and you don't meaningfully increase the numbers (relative to VISA or... ACH (!), the latter of which handled 6.1 bn (billion!) transactions per year in 2016).
So when I say "We need MOAR" I really mean... we need MOAR
@_date: 2017-06-28 13:34:57
Because right now btc maxes out around 3ish tx/s and developers will tell you that with Segwit plus lnd (lightning which is being developed for both litecoin and bitcoin), bitcoin will have around 4x its current capacity.  
Please note I am a proponent of Segwit and lightning (lnd) - see my reddit history.  I'm merely pointing out facts here.
@_date: 2017-06-08 05:04:29
Good point.
@_date: 2017-06-02 03:13:46
You are actually not correct on that point.  I got into bitcoin before Coinbase even existed and even now I could tell you that I could come up with several ways off the top of my head that would not involve Coinbase that anyone could use who had never been involved in any way with bitcoin before that would allow them to obtain it easily (and even quickly).
Coinbase undeniably does have good marketing.  I do think it is incumbent on people who have been in the space for any length of time to point out it is not necessary to go to them though, and to briefly describe to people the alternatives.
@_date: 2017-06-28 07:09:01
The thing is, Novogratz is underestimating the actual performance so he doesn't sound bad on the flip side.  He knows the basic math of it is that even though many of the cryptos will not have tremendous applicability in real life terms right away, the value is being drawn up 1) by interest in bitcoin (and to some extent by the top ten or 15 of the crypto market cap) and 2) simply because of the math... the supply is capped.  He knows this, and he knows what Lord William Rees-Mogg wrote about in "The Sovereign Individual: Mastering the Transition to the Information Age," way back in 1997 originally:  the decline of seigniorage.
*“As ever more economic activity is drawn into cyberspace, the value of the state’s monopoly power within borders will shrink, giving states a growing incentive to franchise and fragment their sovereignty.” (p. 179)*
(From:)  The sovereign individual : mastering the transition to the information age. by Davidson, J. D. &amp; Rees-Mogg, L. W. (1999, 1st ed.) ~ New York: Touchstone / Simon &amp; Schuster, Inc.
(The best version to get is the one above, but it was originally published in 1997 with the same name, also published by Touchstone.)
@_date: 2017-06-08 05:02:42
This is all very interesting perspective, but I think it is pretty easy to solve this "problem."  
1) There currently is a BIP - BIP-199.  So there - a BIP, for Core.
     It is not for all of Lightning, but it is a meaningful part of it.
2) All the code for Lightning has to be developed somewhere.  There is so much to it, it would be odd to have it developed purely within bitcoin / bitcoin repository and within BIP process.
3) lightningnetwork / lnd is currently being developed dually for use with litecoin and bitcoin.  Again, it needs (and has) its own repository for that kind of thing.
@_date: 2017-06-29 03:56:11
Wait, is this [lake of wisdom time]( 
Ah, thank you for sharing your wisdom!
@_date: 2017-06-28 08:19:55
Don't some reddit animals do tl;drs below the thingie?  (Edit... I could have sworn I've seen tl;dr bots.)
@_date: 2017-06-29 04:05:51


No, I am just realistic.


I certainly never said that lnd (which is the likeliest implementation for bitcoin if we are talking about Lightning) is going to be simply (x2 x4) as you stated.  I indicated that overall, bitcoin, the network, would still be constrained, even with Segwit and lnd and it would likely experience (without further changes and improvements a max of 12-14 tx/s that it could reasonably handle.


There is no such thing as an infinity multiplier.  There is no magic box when it comes to scaling and capacity.  There are solutions that could substantially address the issues off chain but when you bring something back onto the chain is where you run into issues after all.  
@_date: 2017-06-02 03:35:59
Are all those nodes (those counted by the luke.dashr.org site) reachable?  I suspect the answer is no.  
Please see this resource:
Bitnodes, which is a quite reliable source, suggests that there are presently 7283 reachable nodes.
If a node is not reachable, it may not be accepting incoming connections from other nodes / may not have port 8333 open, may not be connecting to enough peers to be useful, or it may even be down.  Beyond that, please do not ask me for an exact definition of what constitutes a "reachable" node, however, instead please reach out to the people at 21.co who run the Bitnodes site.
By the way, I didn't cite my source on "Ethereum now has three more nodes than bitcoin," but it was actually posted by Jon Matonis, who seemed like a good source; I'm not sure of the veractity of the source he posted, but it was here (he posted it on LinkedIn which is where I saw it):
His original post citing this source was at:
The story Jon Matonis cited stated that "The ethereum network has nearly 25,000 reachable nodes, spread across the globe, less than two years after its launch, while bitcoin currently has only around 7,000 nodes that verify the network."
It would have been more accurate to say that Ethereum has approximately 25,000 reachable nodes, while the Bitcoin network has approximately 7300 reachable nodes.
Regardless, it does seem that Ethereum has more reachable nodes than bitcoin.  Am I wrong?
@_date: 2017-06-08 05:51:49
Either profound sarcasm or out of touch.  A little of both?
Big part of reason for Segwit is to address issues just like this.  As capacity increases (and stuck things clear), fees will go down.
*edit:  If the overall value of the US dollar continues to decline, then perhaps Adam will actually be right about a tx fee being basically equivalent to 100 bucks (and people willingly paying it) instead of what is now.  The USD is not in a happy spiral.  But I do not see people meandering happily towards tx fees equivalent to 100 dollars with the value of the dollar being more or less what it is today.  Quite the contrary actually.*
@_date: 2017-06-30 08:15:07
If I can clear some time, I help.  Busy these days.  Will set aside some time on Sunday to start looking seriously, though.
@_date: 2017-06-06 15:05:08
See explanation by and alternatively see [this proposal](
@_date: 2017-07-19 23:09:26
Guess I live in a [pretty big fantasy world](
@_date: 2019-05-02 23:21:40
Yep, many people (not just me) successfully discredited UBI/cryptoUBI/Georgism fully years ago. The UBI-ers don't like crypto much or anything that circumvents or critiques their world view in which they promote 50 percent more theft by govt than we currently have.
On one level this seems OT. But I think it is not OT to bitcoin. If you support bitcoin and what it does, thievery proposals like UBI are nothing more than an attack on bitcoin protocol. In UBI-ers world you would be forced to give it up to people who haven't worked to give us bitcoin or what it does for everyone. There is a Vyrdist alternative but that is anti-dogmatic for those who just would rather take your assets.
Hearing UBI being rehashed here in Yang mode (Yang at Consensus) is like being dragged back into the segwit debates. The debate is over, bitcoin won. People shouldn't be looking in awe at proposals by politicians to steal more from working people. UBI/cryptoUBI is dinosaur level old and extinct. Ridiculous that it is being brought back for discussion honestly.
@_date: 2017-06-12 05:14:49
Tried to explain this to my brother, who is poised to jump into bitcoin and sent him an e-mail as to best / safest ways.  I suppose this is a good visual I could include.
@_date: 2018-12-20 04:34:07
I feel like you did not read the title of what I wrote. 
@_date: 2013-06-18 21:18:43
this is also interesting. 
@_date: 2017-06-08 05:39:33
Bitcoin for the win.  Wonder if someone in NH legislature / Governor's office [took the advice posted here]( or if they were already just headed in that direction?  
Anyway... as I said, bitcoin for the win.
@_date: 2017-06-08 01:48:20
Yes, and it didn't occur to me that this post would get so crazy popular either.  Who knew, people are eagerly anticipating this kind of stuff for bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-06-28 16:20:59
Well, I don't want to make this a super long thread, I would just consult the dev list or discuss.  (bitcoin-dev or bitcoin-discuss)
@_date: 2017-06-01 00:18:55
You realize your username gives you away as shilling for bitmain, bitpay and those behind the current thing they call SegwitX2.  'Nuff said.
@_date: 2017-06-01 17:32:33
Everyone should read this article.  Also, as I've been pointing out for years, everyone should STOP USING COINBASE.
@_date: 2017-06-06 15:02:01
This is [a summary of Lightning]( which is [lnd on github]( that is being developed both with litecoin and bitcoin Core in mind.
This is [BIP-199]( a Bitcoin Improvement Proposal.
This is [the pull request for Bitcoin Core]( that would implement HTLC / BIP-199 in the Core wallet.
Summary:  Proposed changes would add support for timelocked contracts which can be used to atomically
swap hash preimages over the blockchain, similar to the script used by the lightning network.
@_date: 2018-12-17 09:07:05
Thanks! Glad to be of service.
@_date: 2017-06-01 17:32:58
@_date: 2017-07-23 01:42:21
TL;DR "in many applications more compact," but that's really oversimplifying.
@_date: 2017-07-19 07:30:49
@_date: 2013-12-05 19:44:56
@_date: 2017-06-15 08:40:47
Thanks for posting.  I think this will not have a chance of passing (new administration is in favor of less burdensome regulation on individuals and has a bunch of pro-bitcoin people on board), but I will be calling in against the proposal, nonetheless.
@_date: 2013-11-15 18:18:49
Upvoted.  Thanks for the link.
@_date: 2017-06-28 08:04:47
You know we're not supposed to click on random links, right?
@_date: 2018-12-23 15:46:08
Related: 
Also in the article cited about the Idaho kids they are seeking donations to help them continue satellite ground ops. Worthy cause to donate to, I'd say. They already successfully lainched the sat on Dec. 15th.
@_date: 2013-11-19 18:52:20
Thank you.  I have a [blog]( which runs using BitPay, BitMonet, and a Coinbase donation button.  I appreciated the recent invitation to be a blogger in the BitPay merchant directory, and I've read BitPay's written testimony submitted to Senate in advance of today's hearing on virtual currency.  I did a writeup on yesterday's Senate hearing on virtual currency - posted at [EdgedSolo]( and will cover today's Senate hearing there too.  Cheers!
@_date: 2018-12-19 21:04:58
I meant not having to do with price. But that is a cool dream.
@_date: 2017-06-08 07:38:02
I was wondering about this.  Thank you for posting the clarification on the status of Mycelium, I'm glad to see the ad sections were removed, for security and other reasons.  cc ([Some github stuff you can see about the 2.8.11 changes that Mycelium made](
@_date: 2013-11-13 20:01:31
Am currently using cex.io and profiting.  It's purely bitcoin in, bitcoin out, and after a little while you see merged mining results pop up (sort of interesting and a matter for debate in and of itself).  However, I don't put much bitcoin in.  Exchanges, as interesting as they are, and depending on their situation, can either be shut down or (like the China thing recently) can be closed by their operators who then abscond with bitcoin.  That said, there is opportunity to be had both in the "Ghash as commodity" line of thought as well as in the thought process of "proceed with caution, save your bitcoins, don't offload them into cloud mining," etc.  
@_date: 2017-06-14 04:39:06
1) Why would you disclose how much you sold off on Reddit of all places?
2) You still have a good amount of BTC left... indicating you have a fair amount of confidence in it.
3) Market cap is not the sole defining quality of the various cryptosystems out there.  It is merely one way of measuring them.
@_date: 2013-11-15 18:30:49
My view, screw those who think that we need to push back against anonymity so that taxes can be preserved.  Bitcoin will ultimately lead to a new economy that is beyond taxation.  Debate it if you wish, but that is where it is going.
Also, fuck statism.
@_date: 2017-07-19 23:04:48
Very much on point.
@_date: 2019-05-03 01:26:48
This may be, but I am curious where on reddit this would be able to be posted at all. Nowhere maybe? Given the censorship in the past from most subs.
Sad that campaigns from useless politicians are roughly being pushed into subs and bitcoin conferences. It is disappointing.
@_date: 2017-06-02 20:56:57


Regarding aggregation, I'm not sure how to address that.  However, maybe would be able to address it.. actually that may not be a good suggestion because he hasn't posted to reddit in like three years, but [he does respond on twitter](  I would suggest asking him what his ideas are regarding aggregation and SPHINCS, I'm not sure if there is a way or not with that, but if there is my guess is he would have some ideas.
On the subject of size, I am under the impression that with SPHINCS there is a FTS (hash-based few-time signature scheme) which helps substantially reduce signature size.  I don't know of any implementations in real life but [this appears to be one that someone has just put up for the sake of experimentation]( (not for actual go live and use purposes).  As the author points out, the implementation produces detached signatures and it is slow, the Yawning/SPHINCS256 is basically an experiment.


With STARKS, which is advertised as being able to be implemented without a trusted setup, this seems to face some of the same issues that the team encountered which took on the trusted setup for zcash, which is to say that STARKS is really not auditable, unless someone can publish a method whereby it can be audited.  With Zcash (which utilizes zk-SNARKS) there was a trusted setup, but at least there is a way people can audit it.  As Peter Todd correctly pointed out on Nov. 14, 2016 [in his review (of his own participation of the trusted setup of zcash)]( 
*"As of writing, I’m not aware of any efforts to independently audit the deterministic build process used to create the compute node DVDs that every participant in the trusted setup used. This means there’s a massive single point of failure in the whole process that completely undermines the value of the multi-party computation.*
*Until the software and deterministic builds are audited, the entire ceremony is a bunch of crypto hocus pocus that means nothing."*
[The audit conducted by Coinspect]( did not include: the zkSNARK cryptographic scheme, the libsnark implementation, or Equihash design. So far as I can tell, the trusted setup process itself was not audited, and certainly not the deterministic build process used to create the compute node DVDs (though Peter Todd did suggest it should have been).
Basically, the same concept also applies to STARKS, too.  There is no way to audit it (known at present at least) and until there is an audit of (zcash for example which utilizes zk-SNARKS, and anything which might utilize STARKS) then it is pointless to claim it would have a security benefit.  It could very well have that potential, but absent an audit one should not hang their hat on it.  [This video from Eli Ben-Sasson discusses STARKS a bit](
NOTE, EDIT on STARKS:  As I understand it, based on what other redditors have claimed, Eli Ben-Sasson and others are *currently working* to try to reduce the trusted setup process relating to STARKS to a one round protocol, meaning that if you have a Setup Secret S that you don't trust 100%, you can take it and create a new secret S1 and publish it / use it, anyone else can then take your S1 and turn it into S2, etc ... and as long as ANYONE in that entire chain has deleted their setup parameters it's secure. However, the concerns I have raised relating to audits (or absence thereof) still remain valid.
Zerocoin folks (different from zcash etc) [suggest removing trusted setup with sigma protocol]( it does seem like in fact it would be trustless but it very well may suffer from the same fundamental problem that the bulk of cryptos will in two to two-and-a-half years, which is to say that QCs will be able to crack that crypto at that time.
FWIW... these are the [Financial Cryptography papers from April 2017]( and there's a lot of interesting info in there.  [Crypto 2017 accepted papers]( for the August thing in Santa Barbara are now listed.  I don't look at the China / Hong Kong conference stuff because the "computer security" laws that China has make anything they are doing there pointless (entirely compromised by the state).
@_date: 2017-06-29 20:17:49
As a side note... I thought this was funny:  
Carefully read the astounding layers of content visible there on the subject...
@_date: 2017-06-29 04:18:54
OMG it's the infinity argument.  Luke, I respect you, but nothing gets us infinite tx/s.  Vitalik argued a year ago that Eth 3.0 would have infinitely many tx/s (as an example.)  I'm trying to come up with a simple but probably non-comparable thought exercise... like for example, the earth technically can spin an infinite number of times, but the effects of the aging of the sun and the disposition of planetary objects eventually mean the earth will cease to exist.  ( The most probable fate of the planet Earth is absorption by the Sun in about 7.5 billion years.) Or the Quantum cat... Technically it could be alive and dead forever in its morbid box, but the box cannot exist forever and neither can the substance of the cat, nor can its quantum state(s) or conditions if they are being persistently observed, I suppose.  And then, there is bitcoin.  The notion that we could have infinite tx/s (kind of hard to ignore the fact that something will need to be brought back on chain eventually or that people would choose to do so); assumptions of infinite growth are more likely to lead to unexpected flash crashes then they are to lead to successful development.  WTH?  And I am an *advocate* for Segwit and lnd.  
@_date: 2013-11-15 17:52:53
Interesting thread on CoinJoin.  (I have nothing to do with it at the moment but being as you mentioned it I checked it out and it does seem worth looking at) - [bitcointalk intro to CoinJoin]( 
See also on [github]( 
And of course, in SX, which is being used as a development tool in the process of making [DarkWallet]( (though outcome of this is not yet known), [this comes into play also](
@_date: 2013-06-22 07:57:17
but is not, I assure you.
@_date: 2013-11-15 18:18:33
Oh look, it is jgarzik, one of Gavin's buddies.  (At least you were honest, though, jgarzik... the information was in fact, available to "any member" of the Foundation... if you were a member. Now it is public.  Deal with it.)
@_date: 2013-12-27 17:00:13
Some thoughts on this subject: 
Just something to ponder.
@_date: 2013-11-20 07:00:48
[My blog]( is tied in to [BitPay]( and is one of the featured accounts of the 12,000 (approx) total which I understand BitPay manages currently.  I opted into the featured merchant directory early. (I am currently using the standard option which has no monthly fee (just a small per-transaction cost, which I don't mind), and I have the BitPay account tied to it set for bitcoin only.  You can change the settings at any time, to push out earnings to any of a basket of currencies, including whatever bitcoin address you specify, and you can alter the percentages however you like, if you prefer a certain percent in USD, a certain percent in bitcoin, and so on with various currencies.  However, I've set mine for 100% bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-15 01:57:27
This is all very interesting, but pointless.  I see what you are trying to do - track what the pro-identity trackers are doing, and thus undo it.  Yet in the end what will end up being created is another tracking scheme.  How are you planning to figure out what should happen with coins that may, in the future, be marked as clean?  Oh, that's right:  You'll mark them as "dangerous," and who cares what the user(s) think of all this business... right?  This is just another tracking scheme.  All tracking schemes will be defeated by developments in anonymity tech.  You're right that social action is necessary.  But those who understand the future, also understand that communities around the world are moving (gradually, slowly) away from technologies that enable tracking and surveillance, in favor of being given options to either disclose their identit(ies), or, remain anonymous.  And that's as it should be.
Good night, and good luck.
-pcvcolin, Unsystem proponent
@_date: 2017-06-09 18:07:53
Making the assumptions I did above, there would be with Segwit activated and lnd implemented somewhere around (possibly more than, but at least) the potential for 348,364,800 transactions per year in bitcoin.  The fees would be relieved (they would be less then they are now for many types of transactions), and bitcoin would continue to outcompete most countries' M2, but the capacity for bitcoin would continue to be an issue.  
Note:  I support UASF - BIP148 - Segwit, and look forward to BIP-199 / lnd implementation also, but I make these observations due to that there is definitely more to be done to address capacity / transaction related issues.
@_date: 2013-12-13 03:44:25
Thank you.  Dark Wallet has been featured in links and reference section(s) of the last few [EdgedSolo]( posts, and I will continue to support it in other blogs (ones with much higher traffic than the little blogger one) that I write for.  Cheers!
@_date: 2013-06-18 21:12:30
This is a great discussion, I just wanted to add here that it is my understanding that, in addition to the ideas being discussed here,  is coming out between now and the end of June 2013, from what I've heard.  According to a developer with the project, there should be a library w/ the  crypto  by 6/30. Who integrates it with what is likely up to others.  Here's the site:   
@_date: 2013-11-14 06:55:52
Hello, DarkWallet
@_date: 2013-11-20 06:46:24
Everybody who uses bitcoin should see this video and read about offline options, including the paper bitcoin record.
~ for example, [Piper]( is compatible with Electrum and has various cool features.  That said, having already seen / used Armory, I think this video is excellent guidance for those trying to navigate some of its best features for the first time.
@_date: 2013-11-15 18:13:40
Somehow I feel like this is also relevant:
[Quantum Coin](
@_date: 2013-11-06 08:57:24
My simple take on this is:  
BitMonet can be used to create a focus on Bitcoin.
It has a PayPal option... but I haven't 'turned that on.'  The way I use it is bitcoin only, with a tweet-to-read option.
 I'd like to see it be able to allow you to accept bitcoin directly instead of going through BitPay, but I acknowledge that BitPay is an excellent tool for merchants / individual publishers.  I've already put it to work, in a blog powered by Blogger, BitMonet, and BitPay (with a 'Donate' button powered by Coinbase).  Currently I have this set up so that you can see part of each of my blog posts, with the rest of the post(s) quasi-paywalled with BitMonet.
[Here's a link to the blog] ( as it currently appears.  Looking forward to your thoughts.
@_date: 2013-11-21 02:14:05
Great to see this has taken off. Cheers
@_date: 2013-11-16 01:47:03
It should be open, not the thing of "but members have access to it so what's the problem." Obviously, beyond the issues generally covered in this reddit, the very existence of the Foundation is a problem.  The fact that some of the core devs meet and collaborate with government is a problem.  The fact that Foundation members suggest that other people should join up and pay 25 dollars to have a voice is a problem.  All of it is crap.  The Foundation should not even exist.  Bitcoin does not have a governance structure and that is how it should be.  Unfortunately there are many who are feeding a delusion and claiming to somehow represent bitcoin.  Get in the loop, participate in github discussions, become a core dev, and design alternatives to the idiotic pro-identity, pro-trace proposals. If you can't code at that level, please financially support DarkWallet and / or Unsystem.  That is how we solve these issues - by participation and by supporting alternatives.
@_date: 2013-11-15 18:42:23
Made available only to "members," now it's public and people are discussing it, and Gavin + jgarzik are angry, as usual.  Deal with it!  You can't impose your statist foundation garbage on the rest of us.
@_date: 2013-12-16 04:57:40
Forgot how quickly this went by.  I note that it is over 100% funded in US dollar as well as 100% funded in bitcoin (well, depending on the value on any given day of bitcoin, but you get the idea). Regardless, I see that I still have about 3 hours to contribute (as of right now).
I will be contributing to the Dark Wallet project before that time is up.  Cheers!
@_date: 2013-11-15 18:44:30
Except it's evil.
@_date: 2013-11-19 19:00:17
I have a guinea pig.  I recommend, if Senate moves forward to adopt ridiculous regulations/laws about decentralized virtual currency, just assign your bitcoin addresses to your guinea pig, to your alpaca llama, or to your dog.  You will serve as the animal(s') financial manager, thus evading nasty regulation.  Bitcoin anonymity through empowerment of animals + [crowdfunding]( + jurisdictional arbitrage + [BitLaundry]( + [CoinJoin]( = Win! :-)
@_date: 2013-12-05 19:43:29
In the end none of this matters. Decentralization wins.  Protocols that decentralize will flourish.  Markets and exchanges that operate based on a single point of failure will eventually get taken down (or get suspended until they get a license).  Markets and exchanges that fully decentralize will have no such problems.  If one point gets taken down, another one is there somewhere else to take its place. China and the United States are fighting the Lernaean Hydra.  There is no Hercules, there are no stumps of cut-off heads to cauterize or smother.  This will keep expanding and growing.  The hydra wins.  That is all.  Good night, and good luck.
@_date: 2013-11-15 18:45:37
@_date: 2013-11-15 17:41:27
I don't see bitcoin as actually having governance, and I see that as a strength.  Many of the personality issues that we see and the attempts by some core devs (Gavin in particular) to impose their points of view upon the protocol while also "engaging with government" come from a mistaken perception that there can be a group of people who will be to bitcoin what the Fed's Board of Governors are to the dollar.  With centralized currencies, sure.  But with respect to bitcoin and other decentralized virtual currencies, the idea of "governance" is just a mistaken perception, and I don't want to feed that delusion.  The fact is that some people will influence the protocol more than others precisely because they work hard at it, and if people are excluded from this process or are ignored (which shouldn't happen, but does) then people will do other things.  They'll develop DarkWallet, or fork bitcoin, or have these kinds of discussions, which will inevitably bleed over to github.  And then, slowly, during this process of decentralization, things will change.  So long as the decentralization process continues, I don't see the Gavins of the world (or even a lot of the stuff that government does) as a threat.  We'll just move beyond them, that's all.
@_date: 2013-12-15 16:11:38
Whoever is watching this discussion needs to read what some bitcoin developers are planning for fees by the time bitcoin hits version 0.9 (it's currently at 0.8.6).  You can read that [here](  Take part in those github discussions.
@_date: 2013-12-13 20:11:23
OK, I will put a (hopefully short, simple guide with links to useful content) in an upcoming blog post (in a high traffic blog, published under a different pseudonym than that which I use here).  However, that blog post is currently focusing primarily on how to switch from Windows or Mac OSs to free, open source OSs that I've had the time to review.  But I will include a Windows oriented build guide that addresses your request.