@_author: pd0x01
@_date: 2019-07-07 21:06:36
With all your savings in one thing, the biggest threat to your net worth is your own greed blinded stupidity. 
Sorry for the bluntness. I realize you won’t follow my advice, but try to short-cut gamble your way to fortune anyways, but when you lose it all try to remember this lesson for the next time.
Bitcoin is a revolution dressed up as a get rich quick scheme, don’t get fooled by the dress.
@_date: 2019-03-31 19:21:15
@_date: 2019-03-16 22:26:34
So saving your earned money = stealing money from the public? That’s a bizarre belief, you must be trolling! Nice.
@_date: 2019-03-18 19:16:02
The debasement of precious metal money is a form of inflation, not deflation. Please take a minute to google that, you’ve confused yourself once again since I believe you’re in favour of inflation and not against it, yes?


You’re confusing taken with earned or recognized value in. I’ve taken nothing from anyone. 
In fact, you are promoting the idea that my money should lose value over time, you are in favour of someone taking value away from me and not the other way around — What’s the old saying, how quick we are to point out our own flaws in others?


It’s about more than that. It’s about lending things out that other people own, without their consent and usually to support things they find morally objectionable, like war.
The token printer in the story is lending out Suzie’s value without her consent and to her detriment. Just as private central bankers are lending out dollars they haven’t earned, taking value from savers, without any accountability. You have a habit of using the term hoarding money as a pejorative. I find that very bizarre.
You remind me of someone who deals with their anger of missing the train by trying to convince themselves how shitty the train is.
You haven’t missed the train, but you will have to earn your spot on that train through voluntarily trade of value, space is limited.
@_date: 2019-03-17 04:37:15
It’s not as arbitrary as fiat, there is one very crucial difference you have disregarded.
My Bitcoin wallet will not accept Citcoins nor will it accept Ditcoins. 
See, a Bitcoin wallet is software that will only accept cryptographically secured, unforgeable digital assets which strictly adhere to the consensus rules I have allowed it employ. The consensus rules we bitcoiners have chosen to use will only ever accept a transaction from one of the 21 quadrillion Satoshi’s ever made and nothing more.
I control the software on my computer therefore I dictate the amount of Bitcoin creation ever to occur. Not Jay Powell and not anyone else. Unlike fiat, consensus algorithm I run determines the inflation rate, not a group of bankers.
The autonomy and power we have taken back from central bankers is the very reason why we like it. We are small now but you are welcome to come join us!
@_date: 2019-03-20 14:02:23
Actually... the central Bank of England and Bundesbank disagree with you sir, all banks create money, not just central banks.
Regular banks create money endogenously first and look for reserves later (assuming there are reserve requirements in that jurisdiction, many don’t even have that). Fractional reserve money creation based on loaning out a bank’s actual reserve funds is a very common misconception. The cart leads the horse in reality.
Here’s links to publications from bankers explaining how fiat money is created. If you don’t believe me, believe them.
@_date: 2019-03-16 23:55:53
People spend money because there is a product or service out there that is more valuable than the effort they put into earning that amount of money. That is a moral trade because I decide what to do with my money and I decide my own time preference.
What your proposing is highly immoral because you force me to spend my money on things I don’t necessarily want to prevent a banker from stealing its value.
The liquidity of USD is most certainty not directly related to its inflationary characteristics otherwise we’d all be hoarding Venezuelian Bolivars wouldn’t we? The world likes dollars becauase they are accepted everywhere and the US military strength garauntees their viability for the foreseeable future despite the loss of 2-5% purchasing power every year.
Your other argument that bitcoin’s price volatility is problematic is a good one, it is a real barrier. But the prevailing thought is that as bitcoin becomes ubiquitous that price volatility will decrease over time.
@_date: 2019-03-18 05:20:07
Well if you continue to claim that  multiplying by 2 is meaningfully equivalent to dividing by 2 than I guess we disagree on basic math. Simply counting to two doesn’t make the two things you’ve counted equivalent, agree or disagree?
Secondly, you haven’t addressed my argument. Yes, it’s not bitcoin anymore, exactly. It is I who decides on what software to run while with fiat systems someone else decides, do you agree or disagree?
Thirdly, because I crave food, need shelter and desire entertainment there will always be significant incentive to spend my money on a daily basis. I can’t eat bitcoin. As much as you claim I do, I don’t require additional unsolicited incentives to spend my money. You are attempting to exert your control over my spending decisions, agree or disagree?
Fourthly, claiming human suffering will increase from a lack of sufficient monetary inflation is a unfounded grandiose claim. With that single belief you could  morally justify any amount of violence or theft you wanted against someone in the act “saving society”. Yours is a totalitarian attitude, agree or disagree?
@_date: 2019-03-29 19:05:23
“Load up the virgins!”  Hahaha
@_date: 2019-03-18 16:26:23
Great, I think we agree that dividing and multiplying are not the same thing. Let’s try for the next step.


Correct. And furthermore I submit to you that something that is easily divisible into smaller pieces allows for more and more people to transact with it. More and more people transacting with something easily gives that thing a characteristic of increasing liquidity.
Next point, on value and fair trade. Let’s continue with the Suzie example, there’s a lot that can be learned here.
Suzie works all day long on a hot summer day and all her hard work is rewarded with a bag full of apples. She lugs this heavy bag back to the village and decides that she would like to deposit this cumbersome bag into the “apple vault”, the vault keeper agrees to trade her $5 dollars of value tokens for this large bag. Great.
This is where our views starts to diverge. Pyrolizard has spent the day not in the sun, but posting on reddit about how society works. He gets hungry and decides to go to the apple vault vendor and says “hey I don’t have anything of value to trade you right now but if you lend me $5 bucks I promise to pay you back later.. blah blah.. functional society.. blah blah human suffering...”
The apple vault operator thinks for a minute and says “hmm.. yup sounds good to me” he presses a button on his machine and prints out $5 dollars of value tokens (pays himself tiny service fee
of course). “Go get some lunch boyo, you deserve this”.
Pyrolizard happily takes the value tokens, makes a promise to pay back later and heads out to grab a sandwich.
As it turns out Pyrolizard doesn’t actually keep his promise to pay back this value token debt. What’s worse is the apple vault vendor has repeated this a zillion times and there’s a ton of these $5 tokens floating around out there. In fact the rate of borrowing / promising is so astronomically high that it’s clearly outpacing the ability of the “functioning society” to pay back these debts in many life times.
Then sometime later Suzie goes to the sandwich shop and offers $5 for some lunch, the sandwich maker laughs maniacally. “Yeah the price has gone up silly Suzie. We discovered on reddit that a functional society which minimizes human suffering requires us to make a zillion value tokens and this decreased the trade value of your tokens. It’s a shame you didn’t spend that $5 earlier.. it’s worthless now, go pick some more apples.”
Suzie does go and pick more apples but she decides that she’s not interested in trading them for the same $5 value tokens which is run by people who irresponsibly take promises at a rate which cannot be actually paid back. Suzie and a group of other similar people look for something better, something which can’t be arbitrarily created without incremental effort, something she can strictly control without needing permission and something useful. She stumbles across bitcoin..
Next point,


Excuse me? Who elected you to decide how much I am allowed to earn and how much I need? If I want to pick apples all day that is my choice, you don’t have any right to dictate how much I want to labour and how much of my labour I am allowed to trade or save. Your views are totalitarian and “hoarding” my hard work is my right as free thinking individual. 
If you also want wealth, get a job, voluntarily trade me something which I value. But don’t generate  value by de-valuing my existing tokens, thanks. Otherwise I will look for new, better tokens.
Lastly, I am not against all forms of taxation, you’re engaging in a straw man. Taxes and government very useful tools for accomplishing things as a group we cannot accomplish as individuals. I am not for throwing the baby out with the bath water. 
But governments have to be responsive to the people’s will or else they are no longer democratic, they become  totalitarian. The vast majority of people don’t want war, yet trillions are spent on war. The government  cannot continue to spend money on things the majority of people don’t want by de-valuing my hard earned labour. This will end.
My tokens are not “specially approved”. You have every right to use or not use bitcoins. I believe in freedom of choice and you have my approval to use any token you deem best, I wish you luck sir.
@_date: 2019-03-17 00:19:02
With all due respect you have no right to tell me what I am “suppose” to do with my hard earned money.
That’s solely for me to decide, not you or anyone else. Thanks.
Your trolling attempts are quite entertaining though.
@_date: 2019-03-17 01:41:42
The value of the USD exists inspite of it’s inflationary characteristics, not in addition to it.
I propose that inflation detracts from its value, it doesn’t add to it. I agree that inflation does motivate people to spend it, but for all the wrong reasons.
Legal tender laws and tax laws make the USD extremely widespread in the US. This legislated liquidity makes it useful and this usefulness makes it valuable, I’m not confusing those idea, I’m proposing they are directly related.
Citcoin and Ditcoin are free to exist but their mere existence won’t dictate their value, only their  usefulness to people will.
@_date: 2019-03-17 00:47:43
Bitcoin is fringe right now correct, but the hope is not forever as the features and utility increases over time.
I submit to you that if the US government taxed the citizenry 100% for every dollar it spent on war the pitchforks would fill the streets.
The beauty of inflation (the hidden tax) is that you make everyone who uses USD pay for it (the entire world) versus just US tax payers. 
In your seigniorage numbers did you also include banker salary and bank profits derived from this freshly printed money?
@_date: 2019-03-16 22:50:08
Yes stealing the value of your hard earned money is quite motivating, also highly immoral unfortunately.
Deflationary currency is only problematic to governments, bankers and other entrenched interests.
@_date: 2019-03-17 00:09:56
Straw man aurgment sir. A working and fair economy with a high standard of living is highly achievable without inflating the value of my hard earned money away. 
Inflation is not a necessity for fair trade, revisit that assumption.
It is immoral to rob me of the value of my hard earned money simply because I chose to spend it next year versus this year.
@_date: 2019-03-17 15:33:19
Oh but forgery is exactly the issue. Fiat inflation is tantamount to forgery. Forgery that is legal and derives value from my personal hard earned labour without my consent.
On the other hand, division into smaller and smaller units is not forgery and it’s certainty not arbitrary increase in supply either. Claiming that slicing a loaf of bread into increasingly smaller peices is equivalent to adding more loafs of bread is simply not the case.
While both things, adding more loafs, slicing loafs further, will work to disperse bits of bread to more and more people, I propose the first technique is immoral while the second is not, for reasons already stated.
When you say, I don’t have the power to choose supply totals “the software does”, I have to ask.. who do you think chooses the software? The source code is at my finger tips and I can type in any fixed amount or creation function I like. 
Our task here is to convince other people to see the value in this idea and to agree to a compatible version so we can trade value. We are a small group but this sub-reddit has a million users and growing, I have found enough people who use bitcoin to make this experiment worth while and interesting over the last 6 years for me. 
It’s not easy to accept the premise that inflation is not a feature but a bug, but it’s not a bridge impossible to cross.
For you to convince me otherwise you will have to show me how coerced spending through de-valuation is better for me as an individual than the freedom to save or spend as I like.
To simply vaguely state “society needs inflation” is not a very convincing argument. I propose what society really needs is individual freedom as long as those freedoms don’t directly impose harm on other individuals. 
We must not harm anyone else but we have no obligation to give our wealth away. I can give away my wealth if I willingly chose to only but you have no right to force me to. This is where I think you and I fundamentally differ.
Edit: in addition, if the value that is taken from me through inflation was used to say.. cloth and feed to poor people of the world, I’d have less of a problem with it. The fact of the matter is that my hard earned money is going to the military and bomb makers to attack countries I have no quarrel with and to mainly to secure US oil industry hegemony.. this is simply not acceptable.
@_date: 2019-03-16 22:51:01
The attractiveness of USD is it’s liquidity, not its loss of value over time, sorry.
@_date: 2019-03-17 00:51:12
Or option three — vote for people who will believe in sound money and not in endless spending, is that okay too?
@_date: 2019-03-16 22:43:22
It is immoral to force someone under threat of de-valuation to spend their hard earned money in order to “stimulate” the economy.
It is especially immoral to pay yourself for the act of devaluing everyone’s hard earned money.
Is this another troll?
@_date: 2019-10-04 20:48:17
If there’s such thing as tainted coins then we’ve already lost.
@_date: 2019-08-22 01:12:45
Just the feature I was thinking would be nice yesterday. Thanks!
@_date: 2019-08-22 21:41:39
I’ve never seen posted before.
@_date: 2019-02-27 18:09:07
Currency devaluation isn’t the only possible outcome of unplayable debts, there’s always option c.. war.
The slate gets wiped, it’s not glorious.
@_date: 2019-06-29 19:31:57
Infinite growth on a planet with finite resources is a recipe for catastrophe.
Adopting of a recycling / frugal / saving mentality (you my call it it “hoarding”) will be necessary to be able to sustain life at a global population of tens of  billion in the future. There’s only so much trash our oceans can take, we need to make smarter choices and buy the necessities rather that buy and build things just to avoid losing purchasing power.
Bitcoin is the environmental choice.
@_date: 2019-04-21 12:23:07
Enough with this “is hoping to” ccn propaganda. Report news that has actually happened in reality, not something some biased blogger claims will happen in the future..
@_date: 2019-09-14 00:40:05
Strange that China economy has flourished and brought hundreds of millions out of poverty under communism.. hmm. Must be a fluke because I’m sure your views are not overly simplistic or anything.
Also, I did a google search on the internet and found that “OFAC has and will actually fine non-US companies and non-US subsidiaries of US companies for ‘violation’ of the US-imposed Embargo.
Just to illustrate the level of absurdity, a few years ago, a French geo-sciences company, CGG, paid over US$600,000 because of its use of ‘U.S. spare parts, equipment, and other U.S.-origin goods on its vessels operating in Cuban territorial waters in 2010 and 2011’. This is a non-US company merely using US-origin goods and parts in Cuban territorial waters….”
I also read that on top of that most business like American dollars which Cuba has no access to due to the embargo. Hmm, I wonder if perhaps the 1 of 195 characterization is understating the impact of the embargo?
@_date: 2019-09-05 23:43:25
“...then you win”?
@_date: 2019-09-14 09:07:31
Communism is definitely not better for the individual freedom than what the western system has to offer but it’s simply not true to claim the sanctions haven’t a massive affect on the poverty levels of Cuba. 
I mean why else would the US go through all that trouble if they didn’t work so well?
@_date: 2019-09-14 17:12:55
Kyle Bass is a brilliant guy who quite obviously does his unbiased research but he did famously dismiss Bitcoin as a fad at first glance. 
Later on he moderated his stance somewhat and openly admitted that he might have underestimated the value of this project.