@_author: pe1nut
@_date: 2016-08-04 05:25:38
The claim is not without merit, Courtois has published papers on private keys and bitcoins getting stolen due to poor design of key management software, bad random generators and other reasons.
He even cites real world cases where attackers are on the lookout for transactions/coins signed with bad random number generators, and swipe those into their own wallets.
@_date: 2016-04-10 19:48:53
Works fine on regular FF, too.
@_date: 2015-06-21 15:24:45
Then you should make it clear on your website when and where an ID verification is required.
@_date: 2014-08-12 07:04:08
That's helpful!
@_date: 2014-03-14 14:15:51
Xilinx might want to have a word or two with you about the trademark.
Also, SSL and cold wallets? That's just yet another centralized exchange, holding their customers' coins.
@_date: 2014-02-02 07:51:01
You mean your bank's ATM isn't an advertisement delivery system that inserts artificial delays just to show you a great deal on a mortgage?
@_date: 2014-07-31 15:04:39
The unstated premise of 'Never gamble more than you can afford to lose" is that, by not gambling, your money will be safe. In OPs situation, just leaving the money 'safely' in the bank is likely a worse bet. 
@_date: 2014-02-20 13:00:26
Once they have enough of your money, there apparently isn't all that much difference between a bitcoiner and a banker...
@_date: 2014-02-18 07:05:33
That's more wishful thinking than accurate analysis.
Firstly, the friction is not zero: there are costs to trading Bitcoins. Miners need to get paid, and you need fairly good connectivity to participate in the blockchain, and have it distributed well enough. The friction will clearly be less than in some poorly served markets at the moment (international money transfers, credit cards, Paypal). But in less developed places, where connectivity and power is lacking, using cash is still much easier. Bitcoin does seem to lower the friction, and also who reaps the rewards of its gets shifted elsewhere.
In cryptography, we see again and again that encryption schemes have a limited lifetime, as they get subjected to more thorough analysis, backed by increasing computing power. One of the future risks in Bitcoin is how to deal with this. You cannot simply 'upgrade the crypto', as that would require every coin ever issued to come out of cold storage and be converted.
There are many ways in which Bitcoin could fall through outside forces. Governments can simply outright ban its use for their citizens, as is already happening in a few countries. This ban can be by criminalizing the use of Bitcoins, but also by filtering/censoring and monitoring the 'open' internet.
@_date: 2014-11-02 05:20:17
Your 'gut feelings' may not be the best thing to base your PhD thesis on.


That's a rather sweeping and uninformed statement. I would hardly say that the Linux kernel sucks. Firefox, LaTeX, Vim, gcc, KVM, Wireshark are just a few incredibly good open source products that I use almost daily. Sure, there's also a lot of open source software around that isn't all that polished, but there is also a lot of closed sourced software around that is utter crap. Furthermore, it's not just 'guys', and a lot of developers are actually paid to work on open source nowadays.


That is not a 'fact' but again your gut feeling, and a rather sweeping generalization of executives. I have plenty of counter examples to that assertion from my own experience.
You need to research your premise that open source has a 'funding problem'. Because in many ways, it doesn't. Signing up to your proposed system of donations comes at a price: open source projects then have to deal with bookkeeping, taxes, refunding, interacting with your proposed 'reputation system', and the rather hairy problem of distributing funds within their project. Part of the reason that open source can be free (as in gratis) is that it eschews all these complications. And because of this, the production costs stay low enough that they can afford to give their effort away. Although 'giving away' is not the main reason that Open Source gets created, it just ends up in this curious position in the economical parameter space where free can mean both 'libre' and 'gratis'.
There certainly are open source projects that are lacking resources. But 'funding' is is not the only possible way of addressing that issue, and not necessarily the best. Companies can (and already do) support Open Source projects by donating other things, such as bandwidth, server capacity, and most importantly, their patches.
People, and businesses, can already contribute to Open Source projects. Some do, in various ways, but a majority doesn't. The Open Source projects that do feel they need funds can already set up a PayPal or Bitcoin donations page. You are drawing up this convoluted, technically complex system to manage reputations, donations and features-for-pay. Even if your idea worked, I doubt it would be beneficial. By turning 'reputation' into a single numerical rating, you think you make everyone's world easier. But attempting to simplify the world into a one dimensional metric often has very negative effects. Bad actors will try and game that system. Just look at how keeping track of academic citation indices went from a useful tool to something that is heavily abused. Or look at Google's 'Page Rank' algorithm and how many junk websites and Wordpress hacks have been created because of it. If any such metric is successful, it seems to always become a case of the tail wagging the dog in the end.
The OpenSSL project can publish their Bitcoin address just fine without it being included in the Bitcoin client. Despite doing it in a distributed fashion, you are trying to create a central register where none is needed.  Companies that do reputation vetting, developers who have to pay to have their reputations evaluated? What this seems to accomplish most of all is a new flow of money away from the developers to a group of people who have nothing to do with the creation of open source software. Instead of helping, you are adding inefficiencies. 
Finally, going from 'open source software sucks', via 'executives are evil/stupid and resisting open source' to a situation where 'the average corporate executive' is now paying for this apparently inferior software that he doesn't want to have, using one of the most controversial open source products, requires too many leaps of imagination. Your proposal is full of holes, which seem to be paved with wishful thinking.
@_date: 2014-11-01 21:03:09
As the first half of the abstract has already been addressed, let me say something about the second half.
Vendor lock in is not about their services, but their products and data formats. Lock in happens not because you have no access to the underlying program code, but because there is no other software that can work with the data that you have already created, or the hardware you have bought. Open standards are much more important here than open source - if there are multiple software products that can handle the same data, there is no risk of lock in, even if all these products are closed source.
I fail to see how Bitcoin helps with solving your hypothesized funding problem. Bitcoin does have lower costs and 'friction' for international money transfers, but in the end it's just a medium. The real problem with funding for open source software is more of a 'tragedy of the commons' kind of problem. I don't think having an easier way to transmit money will suddenly convince people to start funding open source products.
Perhaps you can even say that one of the strengths of open source software is how it almost entirely unfunded, and therefore less subject to the whims of the end-user (or worse, the interpretation of those whims by a marketing department). People who work on open source software do it because it is important to them. It scratches an itch they have, it solves a problem they have, they enjoy the cooperation. But they hardly ever expect to make any money back on it.
Another very important aspect of open source is that it is free - free as in freedom. The fact that it is also free to use for your aforementioned business owner is a nice side-effect, but hardly the driving factor for creating open source software.
@_date: 2016-06-02 18:18:27
Do you actually become the owner of those bitcoins on the blockchain, or will they be held for you? Can you just walk up with a wallet address and money, or will you need to sign up for the service etc.?
@_date: 2017-04-08 22:22:32
Awesome build!
How is the WiFi performance with the RPi in the middle of that stack? I have a RPI3 sitting between a HiFiBerry DAC+ and the 'Official 7" touchscreen', and I had to switch to a USB WiFI setup, because the onboad WiFi can't make it across the living room!
@_date: 2016-09-20 03:43:35
But you can't trust a self-reported checksum. Such a checksum is only useful if it can be done without executing anything on the device in question, e.g. through JTAG.
@_date: 2015-03-15 10:19:21
Technologically, that scenario is not far off anymore. Most shops put bills through these electronic 'bill scanners' that look for a number of features that verify the bill is genuine. It'd be very easy for the mints or banks to recommend yet another check, which is a quick lookup of the serial number in an online database.
And then pretty soon they'll be tracking where each bill comes out of the ATM, where it gets scanned at shops, and returned to a bank. And before you know it, you can get in trouble for having accepted a bill as change that was used by a known drugs dealer to get their groceries...
@_date: 2017-05-17 00:31:21
Poe's law in action!
@_date: 2015-03-31 19:46:17
Depends on whether he/she got a kickback for signing it...
@_date: 2015-03-31 17:21:19
No, but Gandolf is.
@_date: 2017-07-20 19:50:37
I kept watching the gif for way too long to see when it would reach the top...
@_date: 2013-09-24 09:39:33
Nowadays a lot of this power comes from ASICs, which simply cannot do any other kind of computation (unlike CPUs and GPUs)