@_author: peaceofmine
@_date: 2014-02-27 20:23:40
What I don't understand is Mandalah seems like a branding or advertising company, wtf are they doing giving investment banking advice?  For the amount of revenue that mtgox was doing they should of had a professional banker, unless of course they wanted someone who wouldn't ask the question that a professional banker would ask.
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:26:57
This is all speculation, but I have a background in selling business and this was the first time I saw the 27 page "business plan".  
From my perspective, that's not a business plan per se, but a "book on the business" that are prepared when you are selling a business or used to attract investors.  It has all the basics, executive summary, market analysis, sales strategy financials etc.   I have written these and it's exactly how I would do a write up for a "middle market" business.
With that in mind here is what I believe might of happened. (speculation)
MtGox was either approached or requested the assistance of Mandalah in order to package and sell the business.  Mandalah writes up the "book" and for some reason (criminal or just plain incompetence) the cold storage problems are not known by Mandalah.
Mandalah then quietly takes the business to market and approaches parties nominated by MtGox who have more than likely expressed an interest in purchasing/investing MtGox.  Interested parties conducted their due diligence and upon doing this, they uncovered that the cold storage was "gone".  When that happened, Mandalah wrote up a "crisis strategy" to try and keep interested parties motivated to keep their deal on track.  That's why the crisis strategy back hands Mark and then tries to rescue him, Mandalah had contractual obligations to represent Mark but they were also looking at a big payday if the deal closed.  A lot of these deals are structured so that the broker representing the seller doesn't make significant money until the deal closes so Mandalah could of just wasted a ton of man hours either due to being misled by MtGox or one of their employees fucking up. 
If this is the case, there are so many questions that need to be answered and I would bet anyone who was involved in the process has lawyered up and has been told to distance themselves or deny that they were ever involved unless they are under oath.