@_author: peargod
@_date: 2014-01-03 14:38:21
"illiquid"?  Is that a word, and wouldn't Bitcoin be highly liquid?
Also I love that the "excel" skills are mentioned.  "We would like you to be knowledgeable of the behavior and inner workings of a modern cryptocurrency... And how are you at Microsoft Office?"
@_date: 2014-01-02 09:34:34
There seems to be a misunderstanding of the exchanges by the OP.
I must admit I'm not directly familiar with MtGox and BitStamp as far as how they run (as I use Coinbase as well), but I will use my (simplified) knowledge of stock markets and assume that it's similar (and expect to be thoroughly voted down if it's not).  Further Disclaimer: my background actually comes from sports betting exchanges, but I think "the meat" is accurate.
When someone wants to buy Bitcoin on an exchange, they actually have two options.  They can either find someone currently selling X bitcoins for Y dollars and if they think Y is a good price then they purchase. The other option is for the buyer to post that they'd be willing to buy up to X bitcoins for Z dollars, where Z is less than any of the current sell offers that the buyer can see.
Mini-TL;DR - A buyer can buy someone else's bitcoin at a price the "someone else" set, or the buyer can set their own price for what they'd be willing to pay, hoping a seller comes along who thinks that's a fair price.
Someone selling bitcoins has the same two options. 
What is important to notice here is that this is also what defines the moving prices, as well as why MtGox and BitStamp have different prices.  Whatever rate a buyer and a seller are able to agree upon is considered the most up-to-date value for bitcoin, until the next deal is made.
So how does Coinbase come into this?  Coinbase (based on the previous comments) appears to use the BitStamp exchange to set their prices, so that when you buy a bitcoin from them, they feel confident that they can purchase it at that price from BitStamp.
This will not always be the case, as you may buy bitcoin as the price is going up, and therefore Coinbase has to pay more for bitcoins than you paid them, or else you sold bitcoins when the price was going down, and therefore they sold bitcoins for less than what they paid you.
In order to keep a profitable business, Coinbase takes a few tactics.  The first one is the 1% "Coinbase fee" charged on every purchase and sale of bitcoin.  
The second is the limitation on how many bitcoins you can buy and sell.  Currently that value is 50 bitcoins (with a certified cc).  If you wanted to offload 100000 bitcoins, the price that Coinbase could get on the market could be much lower than the price they quoted you (higher demand of dollars, lower demand of bitcoins).  However, if you can only sell 50 bitcoins a day, then the market value would be much more consistent with the price Coinbase quoted you.
There's a third method of keeping a profitable business which is not outright apparent on their website but can safely be assumed:  Coinbase has a large amount of reserve bitcoin and dollars.   This reserve would allow for them to go for days or possibly weeks without interacting with the markets which means they can find ways to optimally restore their reserves (buy low, sell high, etc...) without having to act if they feel the market is unfavorable.  Additionally, though they tag their price to BitStamp, they may find that there is enough of a disparity at MtGox to incur the conversion of Yen to dollars, and purchase/sell on that exchange.  Having a reserve allows for more opportunities like this, and the larger the reserve, the safer these opportunities become.
A final note to what has to be the longest Reddit post ever, I mentioned that I used Coinbase, even though I just described three different ways that they're making money off of me.  That's my choice, and I like that I don't have to deal with the exchanges to convert my money, and I really like that they keep my wallets much safer than I ever would.  I also think that they're providing an extremely valuable way for people who don't use bitcoin to get their feet wet (in a way much more real than the ETF that has been making waves) and I'm comfortable with the fees they charge for that option.
Bitcoin is amazing because if you want to do what they do, there is no barrier.  If you wanted to buy a stock without paying a fee, there are many many many barriers to entry.  But if you want to buy from the largest exchanges, or if you want to sell to your friend, you have every access that Coinbase has, which is really amazing!
Thanks for reading!
Edit:  Thought I mention that the largest exchanges have their own fees, but the point I was making was that you can access those markets just as easily as Coinbase can as opposed to showing up at the NYSE, walking in, and attempting to buy a stock...  
@_date: 2014-01-03 17:38:05
So I get that illiquid means that it's hard to convert Bitcoin to cash, but it feels like that's not true.  Granted I use Coinbase which limits me to cashing out 50 coins per day, but those 50 coins are highly liquid.  As for larger amounts, I watch huge trades occurring on bitcoinity which appears to be converting coins into cash.
I guess my question is how is this market defined as illiquid, and what would need to be different in order for it to be considered "liquid"?
@_date: 2015-11-15 17:28:29
You guys realize that 5Dimes has had this option for almost half a year now, right?