@_author: pei_tom
@_date: 2018-05-03 16:02:16
Hi Reddit!
My name is Tom and I am Pei's CEO and CoFounder. Thank you so much for sharing our platform! 
If anyone has any questions and are interested in learning more, I am more then happy to answer them.
Today is an exciting day as we roll out our beta and will soon be rolling out our new site. 
To give more context, Pei is a mobile application that allows you to link any debit or credit card to earn cashback from over 5,500 brands. Cashback is automatically given and does not require you to change how you spend in any way. You simply swipe your cards at those locations as usual and we will return you the cashback rebate to your account. 
The best part? That cashback can be withdrawn in Bitcoin! Crypto is inevitably the currency of the future, and Pei wants to get us there faster. 
Thank you all again for the support! 
@_date: 2018-02-11 01:51:09
I am actually working at a startup that is looking to help push this transition away from credit cards.
It is very much true that credit cards are much more appealing to people than other non cash payments, because of the extra benefits it provides consumers, aside from easy processing.
Digital payments are catching fire, but nowhere near the uptick of credit cards since payment processors ultimately own the infastructure and have been competitively offering rewards. This is because credit cards are the real money makers, from being able to charge immensely higher interchange rates and being able to offer people loans. (Which legally they are not able to do with debit cards or other payment solutions).
But there is a transition happening in consumer finance that is trying to move away from the reliance, but is limited at the current state. 
Can Bitcoin replace this? Bitcoin by itself probably can not since the offerings of a credit card is centralized by a business that is offering this for consumer surplus purposes and is retaining profit from it.
Can blockchain and other companies looking to utilize things like cryptocurrencies use the technology to help alleviate reliance on the payment processors infastructure? Of course!
We are doing that ourselves as a startup, right now, to start the process of offering credit card benefits without the card. and so are other fintech startups looking to develop new business models that can gain traction. One of the backlashes we have seen with fintech, aside from old regulation that makes the innovation difficult, is that VCS are very much attracted to the blockchain/Bitcoin buzzwords and for a time, has left fintech as the less appealing investment that isn't as Innovative as Bitcoin. This attention is starting to switch and we are starting to see more attention on fintech plays that incorporate creative crypto solutions, rather than mention it with no clear business behind it (useless usage in a business).
So I do believe that payment processing will transition away from credit card companies, especially with creative solutions that  undermine payment processors current infastructure and yet appeals to consumers. So don't loose hope! Crypto and blockchain has benefits that will leak into the daily consumer payment lifestyle, more so then it has currently.