@_author: pellepim
@_date: 2018-01-20 13:34:48
Highly appropriate that capacity at time of posting was 1.337 BTC.
Well done SSOIDH: 
@_date: 2017-03-04 14:30:28
Yup. I think many people conflate "intrinsic value" with either
1. Cost of production, which is a fallacy.
2. Alternative uses
3. Ones own appreciation of a certain thing
Either way, the sooner one realises that all valuations are subjective and have absolutely no function outside subjective and inter-subjective experiences, the better.
@_date: 2017-03-04 22:13:07
Right, that makes sense. I think it is a mistake to view money solely as something apart from other goods. It simplifies things if one thinks of things as having properties, such as "doesn't corrode", "is conducive", "edible" - or "is fungible". People value different properties, and I think it obscures things, generally speaking, if one views certain properties as intrinsic and other properties as "money properties".
That is not to say that it isn't good to know what properties are beneficial for a money-good. I.e what properties tends to lead to people valuing a good "as money".
I get your point though, good clarification.
Edit: your point being that the word "intrinsic" is used in regards to money-goods to point out that the good also has other properties which people find valuable, other than its money properties. Did I understand that correctly? 
@_date: 2017-03-04 13:27:34
Intrinsic value. Can there be such a thing? It seems to be a very big mental hurdle for lots of people to overcome. Even in the crypto-community. I see endless debates on Reddit and other platforms about how certain things, mainly gold, have intrinsic, real value... And someone else goes "bitcoin has intrinsic value too, because electricity, scarcity, the ledger etc ". No. 
Neither gold nor bitcoin have intrinsic value. They have properties and areas of application. There are things that you value, and things that you don't value. When many have the same valuations as you do. The price of whatever it is you value will rise. 
There are no gurus able to gaze into the souls of the gold nuggets or the "bitcoins", discovering their true, intrinsic, real, tangible values.
It's in your head. Value is in your head.
@_date: 2017-03-04 20:58:35
I see what you mean. But I would argue, perhaps unnecessarily, that "preventing of asphyxiation" is merely a property of air, and therefore highly appreciated by an overwhelming majority of land based creatures - the ones who prefer life over the absence of it. Which is a subjective preference.
Though comical, the reasoning holds water, I think, even when brought to the extreme.
@_date: 2017-03-02 17:13:27
Transferred a bitcoin out. Got a mail that said "I lack the funds" to complete the transfer. Well yes. The coin is gone from the account.
Contacted support. We will see how it plays out.
Edit: 
Talked to a person at Wirex support and they assured me that they would have it cleared up asap. He basically said that there was probably an issue with the server being out of sync. And that this is a known issue which they are working to resolve. We shall see. Even if a coin pops up in the account, there is no guarantee that it is actually "there". Only being able to use it will verify that.
Edit2: the coin is again visible in my account. Do I dare try to send it again?
Edit3: I have now successfully managed to get my bitcoin out of Wirex. I used the old e-coin.io web service to withdraw rather than the wirex iOS app. That may not be important, as it is likely that these two things are the same in the back-end. However, problem solved, and support was under 24 hours. Scam alert averted from my point of view.
@_date: 2017-03-04 20:59:40
Yeah good point.