@_author: pellicceama
@_date: 2014-11-24 08:00:22
Hi Everyone, 
This is Amadeo, COO and co-founder of Coinfloor. I have to say on behalf of my team that we love the scrutiny that the space receives from the community and I think that this is what is going to push us to get better everyday and truly revolutionise finance.  :-) I will be taking the time to respond to comments in the thread today.
@_date: 2014-11-24 08:19:49
Hi. 
We understand that there are ways to fake this test through modifying the ledger of our internal accounts with complicit clients or using someone else's bitcoin for this. One of the things that we are looking to do is to do this process every day to reduce the feasibility of this modification at scale.  One of the beautiful things about this report is that if we are actually in fact working with a number of a clients to hide their balances, all it takes for our credibility to be lost is someone coming to the community with evidence of this.
We are always open to feedback however on how to make our reports more transparent and less susceptible to manipulation. :-) 
@_date: 2014-11-24 08:23:27
Here is the link to the report: 
@_date: 2014-11-24 08:21:00
In the blog post you can find a link to the report. Here is the link to the blog post: 
Here is the link to the report: 
Hope this helps :) 
@_date: 2014-11-24 08:14:55
Hi Guys, 
We understand that the chances for mistakes are high in this process. Here are some of the things we do to address them. 
Every transaction at Coinfloor is a P2SH transaction which is signed by multiple agents from separate cold storages for the transaction to processed on the Blockchain (m o n agents). These agents all have to test and carefully revise the transaction before and after signing it. 
Every agent that signs a transaction individually tests all bitcoin addresses that we send money into as part of the change address of a transaction, the output address (like in the solvency transaction case) or addresses that belong to a client, this is verified against a different part of our systems. 
Regarding Privacy, we believe that this approach is a good way to achieve public accountability while retaining privacy for our clients. All of the lines in the report are randomised before each report and a client is able to verify this report with information that only they should have access to (like their API key). We understand that this transaction is forever linked to Coinfloor in the Blockchain, however survey data shows that our clients like this level of accountably and transparency.
That being said there is always room for improvements and we are working on always taking the feedback from our clients and the community in order to improve our processes. 
@_date: 2014-11-24 08:23:04
All funds are held in 100% cold storage. As mentioned and as verifiable in the Blockchain the funds are held in P2SH addresses which means that the transaction can be signed from inside multiple vaults by multiple m o n agents without ever leaving cold storage. Here is an article that describes our processes 