@_author: penaldowarrior
@_date: 2017-07-29 17:31:27


Hey I kinda said that in my post. The only difference is that you say a lot and a said "some". We gotta be honest here and accept that btc-e has always been a shady exchange, its located in a shady country with shady financial regulations, and after all the guy who operated it was arrested a week ago on money laundering charges, people should have seen this coming but I see probably a lot of the kids here missed the news as they were more worried about the 1st of august fork.   


Ye I dont know in what world you live in, but those coins are gone, the FBI seized the domain , not the coins. The owner of the exchange is arrested and it is unlikely that he is in control of the coins anymore or would even agree to hand them to the fbi voluntarily. He will spend a few years in jail and then sell those coins , mark-karpeles style.   
It´s obviously sad for the legitimate people who lost thier money with this exchange , as they were trying to trade , but the vast majority of btc-e moeny in-n-out was drug money, acording to the fbi, which is why this exchange seizure came a day after all the darknet drug markets that were seized as well.   
In all honesty, if any exchange is having withdrawal delays atm, is reasonable to suspect they are next in the line.  
Sorry for your loss.
@_date: 2017-07-29 08:07:15
FBI Domain seizure soon
@_date: 2017-07-29 07:44:52
You make it sound like btc-e wasnt simply a money laundering exchange used by all these darknet crypto markets selling all sorts of illegal shit, from guns to drugs. Sure, they had some "legitimate" part as an exchange, and some legit customers, but the US government did not "steal" OP´s money, they are simply shutting down a massive illegal drug dealing operation.    
I am actually surprised I havent seen any or much news at all in this sub regarding all the major crypto markets that suffered the same faith as teh now famous Silk Road, just a couple of days ago. Are you guys out of the loop?   
In case you didnt notice, I am actually tryign to give you a warning , if you have money on ANY exchange right now, take it out now, before they innevitably get associated with illegal drug money and get shut down the same way. Probably you will see 2 or 3 more "major" -shady- exchanges like btc-e get goxxed like this.    
Welcome to buttcoin.