@_author: pennyseven
@_date: 2014-07-28 11:11:59
Someone asked the same question to Miguel Octavio, the owner of the blog Devil´s Excrement. He asked: WHO will buy bitcoin and accept Bolivars? He thinks no-one will sell bitcoin for bolivars because if the person receives large amounts of Bolivars for bitcoin he/she will have problems explaining to the bank where the money comes from when he/she tries to deposit the Bolivars in the bank.
@_date: 2014-07-28 11:22:15
Exactly, that is what Miguel Octavio from the Devil´s Excrement said: no-one will accept VEF for BTC because the VEF is controlled/watched in the banks. Deposit lots and you will be asked where you got them. 
This site only allows a person to communicate every 4 minutes? Why? Are there slow readers on this site? :-)
@_date: 2014-07-28 17:56:47
I worked and lived in a hyperinflationary economy for a number of years. Plus some other things.... (I am trying to protect my infamous avatar)  ;-) 
I am not directly affected. I have some answers for hyperinflationary economies, but no clout/connections to get the powers to be to implement them. That is why I follow all hyperinflationary economies day by day. 
Yes, try the VEF&gt;BTC&gt;USD option. Those knowledgeable people in Venezuela said: yes, some people can pretend they are doing it.  Try a small amount (in USD equivalent) and see.  Bitcoin transactions apparently are certainly not instantaneous at all. It takes many hours or a day or two to confirm/conclude.  Bitcoin is a very beta market at the moment. The bitcoin price is (was) dropping now too. 
You can follow it minute by minute here: 
Select the 1 day time period to see minute by minute. The moving averages give buy and sell signals (  :-)  lol!  ) Obviously you can only look at a chart in log scale. Nominal scale and you fool yourself.  Select All Data for Time Period and see the difference between natural and log scale. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 11:44:06
dac1980, do you accept VEF for BTC in Caracas?
@_date: 2014-08-02 11:29:33
Bitcoin is not an alternative monetary system. It is an alternative virtual payment platform and cryptocommodity with a variable real value non-monetary value. Bitcoin is not money. Money is generally relatively stable. However, money is ALWAYS ASSUMED to be PERFECTLY STABLE by accountants to account a great part of the world´s economic activity. Bitcoin will NEVER be ASSUMED to be PERFECTLY stable. Bitcoin is not even used by any cryptocurrency enthusiast company or entity to do any accounting of economic activity. 
@_date: 2014-07-26 20:03:24
What do you mean "the price volatility goes away" (meaning: it is stable) "when fiat currencies fail" Fail as in (1) high inflation or fail (2) as in complete monetary meltdown as in Zimbabwe when the ZimDollar stopped to exist in November 2008? 
Price volatility goes away means stable.  Fiat failing means one of the two above. 
What exactly are you trying to say?
Bitcoin is currently subject to price volatility at a much higher rate than the main fiat currencies that are also subject to much lower price volatility to the extent that they are described (in the case of the USD, Euro, Pound, etc.) as being relatively stable currencies. Accountants overcome this volatility problem by simply ASSUMING all currencies are perfectly stable during low and high inflation and deflation for certain accounting measurement purposes. Not for all cases. 
What exactly do you want to say?
 
@_date: 2014-08-02 11:35:07
Very true!!
@_date: 2014-07-28 18:38:57
Thank you.
The money quote: "if you don't have the private keys for your bitcoins, you don't actually have any."
@_date: 2014-08-02 11:36:04
We now know 2% of men are pedophiles, including priests. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 14:22:18
Exactly!! It is as clear as daylight that something is going to happen. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 14:43:38
I know little about the technical side of bitcoin. I simply read somewhere that they are all deposited in the blockchain. I thought you buy a bitcoin when you buy one. Apparently you don´t. You buy a key to the bitcoin. The bitcoin never moves from the block chain ledger. Mt Gox was a key-exchange. There is not one single bitcoin exchange in the world. No bitcoins are exchanged anywhere: wallet keys are exchanged on Mt Gox like wallet key exchanges. Is that more or less correct? 
@_date: 2014-07-31 11:39:43
Not in its perfect form. However, there is a lot of arbitrage trading being done at the moment because  the exchanges are different in development. 100% of the push for bitcoin to be used in stores - commerce and industry - hotels, Wikipedia today, etc, etc is about it being a payment platform - not about it being a high risk investment. 
The  innovation part of bitcoin is all about the platform side - not the investment side. 
And, what would boost / is boosting bitcoin is actually the innovations and development on the platform side.
@_date: 2014-08-02 12:00:21
This David Icke video is the most untrue video or statement about money and economics I have ever heard.
David Icke knows nothing about what he is talking about. Not a single thing. He makes me think of indoctrination by evil governments. I can hardly find words to describe his stupidity.








@_date: 2014-07-28 14:10:13
Thank you. So you agree that bitcoin is perfectly centralized in location: All bitcoins only exist in one single block chain ledger.
Ghash have already in the past attempted to commit a crime by trying to double spend at an online gambling site. So, they showed they are criminals. You think they won´t do it again. If I were them I would make my move when there is more liquidity. They obviously have to have their perfect get-away plan organized perfectly. All that is missing now is liquidity. They cannot do it in one day now. They are simply waiting for liquidity to increase to that level and then BAM!! This is normal human behaviour you know. Look it up in economic history. Many stories. We are still the same as then. So, it will happen. I mean, the world´s biggest banks are committing financial crimes daily and pay billions of fines daily not to be found guilty as criminals: our best bankers: top people: the creme de la creme. You think bitcoiners are saints? 
@_date: 2014-07-28 21:43:51
My pleasure. 
Thanks for the tip. I went to collect it. Now I will have to keep an eye on reddit to see who I can tip next. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 11:01:30
Venezuelan bolivars can be exchanged on the black market (not actually legal, but, everyone is doing it) Parallel rate today 76 Bolivars to 1 USD.  Rate available here daily   That equals to 667.75 USD for 1 bitcoin today at price quoted above. People in Venezuela think that no-one would accept VE for bitcoin.  You will most probably have to buy bitcoin with USD. Google bitcoin exchange Venezuela and an exchange comes up. Google is your friend, I was told. :-) NSA is Google´s friend. :-) 
@_date: 2014-07-26 19:35:33
Sugar_Daddy_Peter clearly confirms that the US Dollar is superior to bitcoin by stating that Satoshi would finally "cash out to USD." Satoshi would never cash out to USD if bitcoin were superior. He would simply stay in bitcoin. 
To invest in bitcoin is currently risky. 
See BPN paying a $9 billion fine. That is to not be found guilty of a crime. Crime is rife in the highly respectable banking and financial industry. See all the fines Goldman Sachs and other banks are paying to avoid being convicted of crimes. It happens daily all over the world You think crime is not and will not be rife in the bitcoin industry? 
Bitcoin is clearly not a ponzi scheme. Bitcoin is certainly not a   "monetary" revolution because bitcoin is not a monetary item.  It is not money. It is a variable real value non-monetary item. It will never replace the USD because bitcoin is not money or a monetary item, it will never make banks obsolete and it will never "dramatically change government."
Bitcoin is not a "fundamental shift in money". Bitcoin is not money. It is a payment platform with a monetized unit which is a variable real value non-monetary item, similar to digital rare stamps. 
lol !!!!! $8 billion is less than nothing in the world economy. lol   !!!!!!!! $8 billion !!!! Give me a break!! 
Just the Chicago commodity pits handle $925 trillion per annum. One market!! of all the thousands of markets in the world. One Australian bank clears $5 trillion in one Asian currency DAILY. 
For bitcoin to be money, a monetary item, it has to be relatively stable in real value like all major currencies are. All accountants worldwide ASSUME that ALL currencies are perfectly stable during low and high inflation and deflation - for accounting purposes. That cannot be done with bitcoin. Bitcoin is not money or a monetary item. 
That gives you a clue to what the crypto-medium-of-exchange that will surpass or overtake bitcoin in the future will be like. Think of the internet and then think of money and then think of bitcoin. The answer lies in a characteristic of money and a characteristic of the internet. 
It seemed impossible on the internet in the beginning. Now it has been overcome very successfully. It seems impossible now for the crypto-medium-of-exchange that will surpass and overtake bitcoin in the future. I am 100% sure it will be overcome in the future crypto-medium-of-exchange that will be better than bitcoin case too in the future. What is it?
What bitcoin contributed is the currently-imperfect-and-very-subjected-to-possible-crime technology. Bitcoin not being money is its main problem. Bitcoin being a variable real value non-monetary item like rare digital stamps is its main problem. 
Happy guessing! (It is very obvious, really!! I basically gave you the answer!!).
@_date: 2014-07-28 13:57:19
No, Discus Fish cannot get close to 51% because Ghash is at 51% already. So, bitcoin is now centralised in mining too. It has from day one been perfectly centralised in location: all bitcoins only exist in one place: in the single block chain ledger. As soon as a bitcoin is created it is deposited in the central repository, the singular block chain ledger. They never ever leave the block chain ledger. Bitcoin is thus a perfectly centralised monetized digital payment system. It certainly is not money. However, it is 100% centralized in location. Money is decentralized: it lands up everywhere, even under people´s mattresses. It sits 100% decentralized in billions of bank accounts. All bitcoins sit in one place: the block chain ledger. Bitcoin is a perfectly centralized system.  Its attempt to be decentralized in mining is a total failure. It is here even suggested that two pools both have 51% lol Our banking system is rife with crime. See banks paying up to $9 billion in fines daily not to be found guilty as criminals. Bitcoin is also rife with crime. You think unknow owners will be more honest than publicly owned banks?
@_date: 2014-07-28 16:48:36
VEF&gt;BTC&gt;USD would be more risky than VEF&gt;USD.
Very knowledgeable people who know the black market well in Caracas are saying right now that it is very difficult to exchange VEF&gt;USD at the moment. The market is dry. There are no USD in supply. 
So, you better take whatever USD you can get even if you have to pay a premium. It all depends how badly you want the USD. I hope you know that there are false USD notes too. Do you know how to test whether a note is genuine or not? You have to find out about that too. If you know the party with whom you are going to deal from various previous good deals, then you are OK. But, you have to be careful. Caveat emptor. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 11:34:06
You are confused. 49697.80 VEF is the price of 1 BTC That is 654 USD today at the parallel rate of 76 VEF to 1 USD. The other rate of 6.3 VEF per 1 USD is a fantasy rate. Only available to Hugo Chave´s family and the current president, Nicolas Maduro´s family and corrupt cronies - all the government mafiosos in Venezuela. Forget the 6.3 rate. The parallel rate is what you have to work with. BTC sellers will only work with the blackmarket rate. 
@_date: 2014-08-02 11:33:54
Don´t say things like that about fractional reserve banking. It is completely untrue. Let´s keep on exploring bitcoin and what bitcoin really is. The bitcoin technology is really innovative. That does not mean we have to be silly about other things like fractional reserve banking that made it possible, inter alia, to work out how to provide ordinary people with a relatively stable economy so that they can have time to develop the internet, start-ups and bitcoin. Let´s be scientific, not silly. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 14:28:53
And with Discus Fish rivaling GHash bitcoin will be a hell-of-a-lot more decentralized, hey Grand Pa? 
@_date: 2014-07-31 12:05:39
The greedy elite part is part of the mix. It is always there. 
Serious people give the bitcoin technology a lot of respect and credit. It is a breakthrough. It may not be the winner though. Remember Netscape and IE and Yahoo and Google? 
Ecuador now banned bitcoin, but, is developing its own virtual currency: everybody can see the advantage of the virtual payment platform operating outside the banking system. Ecuador does not even have its own currency. They are dollarized. They use the USD as their currency for stability´s sake. So, they may be creating a virtual USD. It is worth watching what is happening in Ecuador. Mexico is also doing something in that line - but not on a governmental level. 
That is what may happen: bitcoin may push the current central banking system to create virtual national currencies. It is like what tax havens are doing to tax greedy governments: it forces them to have more reasonable and lower tax regimes. Bitcoin may do the same with central banks. 
Central banks already have an important advantage over bitcoin: their currencies are actually money or monetary items: the are already relatively stable. Accountants actually assume all fiat currencies are perfectly stable for measuring/valuing many items in all businesses today. 
All banks have to do now is create virtual national fiat currencies copying a lot of what is being developed free of charge on the bitcoin platform. 
@_date: 2014-07-31 11:22:25
Bitcoin as an investment is high risk - according to the head of the Bitcoin Foundation. This is well known and accepted. 
Bitcoin has two functions: 
1. Very high risk investment (many people´s fantasy dream of bitcoin price going to $10 000 per bitcoin) 
2. Virtual payment platform. All you need here is relative price stability over a very short period of time. You want to transfer $1 million now to Australia from the US. You want to go in with $1 million and deliver $1 million in Australia: preferably instantaneously and at extremely low cost. What do you need to do this: fantastic technological infrastructure: 100% safe, very liquid, very large and very quick market. 
If the technological infrastructure described above is in place, then the actual price level of bitcoin is 100% immaterial. You can do it at the bitcoin price at $10 or $100 000. What you need is complete price stability while you are on the platform making the transfer. 
That is what would be great in Argentina or anywhere else.
So, a bitcoin exchange in Argentina is about the platform, not the high risk investment part of bitcoin. The same goes for Venezuela. 
