@_author: penroze
@_date: 2016-04-24 23:02:00
Most people could really give a rats ass about the ideological aspects about bitcoin.  If that's why you think  bitcoin matters, you're on as wrong of a track as Krugman is.
What bitcoin allows is the peer-to-peer nature of transactional exchange that cash allows, but online.  It also reduced costs of transactions substantially, and doesn't require a bank account.  
There's a huge amount of people in the world without bank accounts.  Even in developed countries there's a large amount of people that are "unbanked".  That's what Krugman is missing.  
@_date: 2016-04-18 18:30:30
They censored the micropenis?  That's the whole point of the painting.  
The Daily Mail is a tabloid, that's no stranger to putting up racey photos.    
I guess micro-dick isn't really cool though.
For anyone that wants to see the actual painting.
@_date: 2016-04-26 01:13:40
I never said people sit around thinking about money.  I said what people sit around thinking about has a lot to do with what gives something value.
@_date: 2016-04-25 22:34:54


No, in fact it has everything to do with what gives something value.  Value is a collective agreement.  
@_date: 2016-04-25 01:21:18


The fact that anyone would give a shit about either of those two things IS ideological.  That's my point.  Most people don't sit around thinking about what money is, and call currency "fiat currency" as an odd pejorative.  They just want to get shit done.
@_date: 2015-12-29 03:19:18
Yes, it can make computing power increase for a limited subset of problems that a QM is good for.  But that's a far cry from Moore's law.
@_date: 2015-12-27 15:29:16


Moore's law is the observation that transistor counts double every 18 months.  Quantum computing can't make this happen.
The other interpretation is that computing speeds double every 18 months.  Not really exactly true, but a closely related concept.  Quantum computing really can't make this happen either.  Quantum computing can only be applied to a small subset of problems, and isn't a doubling of computing power.
@_date: 2015-06-09 02:39:59
Chase and Citibank both issue Mastercard cards.  Mastercard is currently a little under American Express in terms of market share.  
@_date: 2015-06-21 21:22:58
Ha.  You think people act rationally?  If they did the entire gambling industry would never exist.  
@_date: 2015-06-19 06:41:15
Of course.  The peace prize has long been one worst nobel prizes given out, and highly, highly political.  Henry Kissinger, war monger extraordinaire got the peace prize in 1973.    In 1994 the prize was awarded to Yassir Arafat, no stranger to war and terrorism.  In 2012 the prize was awarded to...  the EU?  Other than not getting into a war with each other for a bit, I don't know what they've done to promote peace.  It must have been a slow peace year in 2012.
So if you think the peace prize has a hell of a lot to do with the people receiving it promoting peace, you need to think again.  The peace prize is like a cudgel that the peace prize committee uses to influence the world.  It doesn't really work most of the time, especially so in the case of Obama, who's continued his bombing campaign, and ended the Iraq war on the same schedule Bush put it on.  The peace prize stands in stark contrast with the science prize which is awarded to people who've dedicated their lives towards science.  Not so with peace prize recipients towards peace.
@_date: 2015-06-19 06:44:49
No, he got the prize because he wasn't George Bush.  Not because he's black.  
@_date: 2015-06-27 17:59:42
How does bitcoin do that any more than euros or dollars do that?
@_date: 2015-06-27 17:43:17
Hey, at least he's completely upfront about his utter ignorance.  He hasn't quite understood that making spurious claims without any backing isn't going to convince anyone of anything.  Here, let me try:
"The sun is going to BURN OUT TOMORROW!  We're all going to be thrown into a long black winter, and freeze to death in the vacuum of cold, dark space!"
What?  Source?  It was a SUPPOSITION!  I'm just guessing at stuff!  Why don't you people accept my entirely baseless idea that's not backed up by any evidence whatsoever, and came completely out of my anus?  You're as supercilious as an amalgamation of muliebrous humans!
@_date: 2015-06-27 17:58:14
And I can't loan 10 people 10 dollars each if I only have 10 dollars.
But a bank can.  Bitcoin doesn't prevent banks from loaning out bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-06-27 21:32:06


Nobody is forcing you to use a bank.  If you want to keep cash around and safe, you can already go bankless.  I think it's a bit foolish of course, just like keeping your entire fortune in bitcoin outside of a bank would be.
People use banks because they don't want to get robbed.  If you had 10s of thousands of dollars, would you seriously keep that in cash, bitcoin or traditional currency?
@_date: 2015-06-27 18:17:33
So what?  You can do that with dollars and euros too.  Bitcoin doesn't gain you anything except maybe some increased ability to hide the currency on the plane ride.
@_date: 2015-06-09 02:53:42
The fact that Mastercard is threatened enough to have to issue a statement is good news.  In the ignore, laugh, fight, win progression, we're now in the fight stage.  That's pretty fast progression in just 6 years.  
I'm not saying bitcoin is going to win, but if you're going to win, you have to go through the fight stage.  
You can get mad at MasterCard I guess, but do you get mad at GM for saying their Volt is a better car than Tesla?  Mastercard is just starting to see bitcoin as a competitor, so what's wrong with them acting like bitcoin is any other competitor?
@_date: 2015-06-01 05:42:25


I think it's far more likely the "ongoing investigations" are about where the bitcoin went.  Even if you accept some sort of conspiracy and US Government involvement in a Japanese company, I find it unlikely that this would cause a bankruptcy and a loss of 850,000 BTC.
@_date: 2015-06-25 04:36:59
Yup.  One man shows that make themselves look like a big operation sticks out like a soar thumb.  It's obvious when you keep referring to "we", but never mention anyone in particular.  
Most businesses that offer services at least tell you who some of the key people are.  When you can't do that because you're just one guy pretending to be many, it looks like you're lying.
@_date: 2015-06-01 01:32:26
This I agree with.  The government wants to put him away for a long, long time.  Always go with your strongest case, which was obviously running Silkroad.  I'm a little shaky that he did the murder for hire than I was a year and half ago, but I'm far from convinced he's innocent.  The defense he put up against what he was charged with is a joke.
@_date: 2015-06-19 23:16:23
You're right, one of the problems with the peace prize is it's awarded by politicians.  (And I know it's science prizes, I was just typing too fast).  Now, I'm going to disagree with you that left wing or right wing really matters here.  The pertinent part is they're politicians who think of trying to push agendas rather than recognizing achievements.  It's no surprise that it's almost always given to someone incredibly well known.
BTW, I'd also say that awarding it to Al Gore was a bad idea too.  It's just not as stark of a contrast when you say Kissinger and Arafat were awarded the prize.
@_date: 2015-06-27 18:01:15


They sue you and try to recover the funds from bank 1.
@_date: 2015-06-27 17:29:22
Putting your life savings in bitcoin is just incredibly stupid at this point.  The last thing I'd do is tell someone from Greece to "buy bitcoin".  Bitcoin is incredibly volatile, despite the price being stable for several months.
@_date: 2015-06-26 23:40:08
Yeah, I read about that part too.  I'm not sure what your point is though.
@_date: 2015-06-27 19:06:35
I'm not sure you're really understanding.  Loans are possible because we have rule of law.  If you default, the loan originator can sue you, sieze funds, etc.  If you leave the country, that becomes more difficult.  But there's nothing special about bitcoin that makes it any different than loaning euros, dollars, or gold.
@_date: 2015-06-01 05:52:37
This has all the hallmarks of a conspiracy theory.  Conspiracy theories are driven by people not wanting to believe that "mere mortals" can really have massive impacts on the world.  Like for instance Kennedy being killed by a giant loser in Texas named Oswald.  So they invent stories about powerful entities that they think can have this impact.
I think it's extremely possible that gross incompetence by Mark, and much of the staff at MtGox caused some losses very early on.  The massive rise in price caused this to become a much bigger problem.  As it became harder and harder for people to withdraw cash, they began to withdraw bitcoin.  With  MtGox not having the BTC to cover it, they started to panic when they found empty wallets.
Where did the BTC go?  I don't know, but it seems most likely the losses happened early on, and were the result of gross security violations at MtGox.  It came out long ago that Mark wrote his own damn SSH server in freaking PHP.  That's gross incompetence.  We all know the site was highly compromised.  We've seen the leaked database.  Duh.  You think people got in right at the end?  of course not.
@_date: 2015-06-27 19:04:04
Of course you can.  It's called debt.  Money used to be backed by gold, and people loaned out money all the time.
@_date: 2015-06-27 17:23:00
How does bitcoin prevent people from obtaining loans, and then not being able to pay those loans?  If there were a future where bitcoin became the standard currency, then banks would loan bitcoin instead of dollars or euros.  
It does eliminate central banks ability to control  the money supply, but it certainly doesn't eliminate debt problems.
@_date: 2015-06-01 05:42:25


I think it's far more likely the "ongoing investigations" are about where the bitcoin went.  Even if you accept some sort of conspiracy and US Government involvement in a Japanese company, I find it unlikely that this would cause a bankruptcy and a loss of 850,000 BTC.
@_date: 2015-06-09 03:24:47
That kind of thing [happens all the time too](  Negative advertising is very old.  One of the more famous examples is the Apple 1984 ad which accuses IBM of being Big Brother.
@_date: 2015-06-01 23:44:24
Sure, conspiracies happen.  911 was a conspiracy of Al-Queda and a mostly a bunch of extremist Saudis.  I'm talking about  the crackpot variety "conspiracy theories", where some big powerful entity moving about in the shadows manipulates things with absolutely zero evidence to support them.  Governments conspire too obviously (The US likes to topple regimes like Iran in the 1950s) but it's uncovered by real evidence, not crackpot theories from nutcases who'd rather ignore evidence and look towards motivation.  With motivations you can make up about anything.
The nutty "I bet Karpeles is under a gag order!" theory has zero evidence and becomes increasingly unlikely every day.  A gag order for some unknown case that's dragged on for almost a year and a half?  A gag order and seizure that took 850,000 bitcoin, but remains completely hidden and sealed?  A gag order from the US government to a Japanese company?  The US has a lot of influence in the world, but Japan is far from a US state where the Federal government can step in and do whatever they want.
@_date: 2015-06-27 19:28:15
Yes, I understand "fiat" currency (though disagree with the pejorative term).  It seems that people seem to miss-understand the role of bitcoin though, and think it's going to eliminate banks, which it isn't.  There's a lot of people in the sub that think bitcoin replaces traditional currencies.  It doesn't, it just adds value to the currencies and makes markets more fluid. 
@_date: 2015-06-01 05:52:37
This has all the hallmarks of a conspiracy theory.  Conspiracy theories are driven by people not wanting to believe that "mere mortals" can really have massive impacts on the world.  Like for instance Kennedy being killed by a giant loser in Texas named Oswald.  So they invent stories about powerful entities that they think can have this impact.
I think it's extremely possible that gross incompetence by Mark, and much of the staff at MtGox caused some losses very early on.  The massive rise in price caused this to become a much bigger problem.  As it became harder and harder for people to withdraw cash, they began to withdraw bitcoin.  With  MtGox not having the BTC to cover it, they started to panic when they found empty wallets.
Where did the BTC go?  I don't know, but it seems most likely the losses happened early on, and were the result of gross security violations at MtGox.  It came out long ago that Mark wrote his own damn SSH server in freaking PHP.  That's gross incompetence.  We all know the site was highly compromised.  We've seen the leaked database.  Duh.  You think people got in right at the end?  of course not.
@_date: 2015-06-01 01:32:26
This I agree with.  The government wants to put him away for a long, long time.  Always go with your strongest case, which was obviously running Silkroad.  I'm a little shaky that he did the murder for hire than I was a year and half ago, but I'm far from convinced he's innocent.  The defense he put up against what he was charged with is a joke.
@_date: 2015-06-27 03:03:41
Oh sure.  It was very clever on the FBI's part.  If his laptop was encrypted, the case against him would have been a lot harder to prove.  Being in a public place made that infinitely easier to do.  
If he had only been at home, and verified he was connected to SR (and his laptop was encrypted), this might have turned out very differently, and he might have been able to cop to a much lesser charge.  
Without the laptop encrypted, he could have just been an admin connecting to the site.  With the decrypted laptop, he was clearly the kingpin.
@_date: 2015-06-27 21:37:00
I think for some traditional currencies bitcoin would work as a replacement currency.  Largely smaller countries where the economy is shaky, and the governments are tempted to inflate the economy, and the currency is already volatile.  It might work really well for countries like Venezuala and Cuba.  It certainly won't replace USD or EUR in anyone that's currently on the planets lifetime.
@_date: 2015-06-15 00:59:57
It seems like a strange video to link to.  The video is about peoples poor visual spacial reasoning, estimating volumes of liquids, and the developmental levels of children, not about infinite division.  
The bitcoin division problem is different.  Dividing a currency into more than 100 parts is a really foreign concept to most people since the cent is generally accepted at the smallest unit in the western world for a currency.  Also, the name bitCOIN implies it's already at a small amount since coin has come to mean a fractional part of the whole.   Maybe if we called it BitBucks people wouldn't have as much trouble thinking of dividing it.
@_date: 2014-06-07 14:46:36
I don't really understand your comment.  "The Lockhorns" is a strip that's been running since 1968.  The strip focuses on a bygone era that was already on the way out in 1968.  The demographics are unsurprisingly skewed towards baby boomers and older people who own a house.
I'd say that's pretty damn "mainstream".
(demographics below)
@_date: 2014-06-03 05:46:25
Sad story.  She sounds really insecure, and looked to others for everything, especially if you say she was under the thumb of mom and stepdad.  Human nature is like that sometimes.  Go from one protector to another.
@_date: 2014-06-01 23:52:54
Where do you pay a babysitter $15 an hour?
@_date: 2014-04-06 20:49:19


It's not my standards or your standards, it's what actually happens in industry.  Unit test for security are the exception, not the rule.  From what I've seen (and what everone who pays attention to security vulnerabilities sees, likely including yourself), standards are shit.  Nice insult though.   Even more specifically we're talking about MtGox here, which I'd hazzard a guess has no unit testing of security.
Also a unit test for security can only test what the developer thought of at the time.  The most likely security vulnerabilities that happen are the ones that the developer is totally unaware of.


No, it's a security audit.  Security isn't easy, and hard to read or poorly written shit is even harder to determine what it does to a very high degree.  In other words, complexity breeds misunderstanding and subtle bugs that can't be forseen.  If your code is shit spaghetti code and I was auditing it to say if it was "secure" or not, I'd say no it isn't.  Your standards may be different, and that's fine.  But the point being that "security audit" doesn't mean a narrow definition of what you think it means, or even what I think it means.  All it means is someone that's giving security audits said it was secure.  The level to which you believe that person depends on how much you trust them, and how they did the audit.
@_date: 2014-04-06 19:38:29


You speak as if there's only one way to do a security audit.  There's as many ways to do a security audit as there are ways to think of what "security" means.  "Unit/Integration" testing rarely has anything to do with security.  Security can cover far more than simply the code, but process, internal controls, and a huge number of things.
But I see no reason why a security audit couldn't simply have a standard for code simplicity.  i.e. A trained auditor has gone through the code and found that it doesn't adhere to commonly accepted standards for readability.  (Spaghetti code).  Or simply "we looked through the code and can't certify you're checking parameters going into the system because the code is unreadable, therefor we can't sign off on it".  
Please explain why you believe "security audit" has a very narrow definition.
@_date: 2014-06-07 05:30:11
/user/srPeixnho is right.  Banking varies considerably across the world.  In Italy it's actually quite expensive to have a bank account (oddly enough, you're charged a quite a lot to keep a bank account open).  Credit cards aren't very popular at all.  FAR, Far, Far less than in the US.  Much of Italy is cash based.  When you CAN use a credit card, it's sometimes limited to only an Italian credit card.  (Yes, the banking system, like much of the other systems in Italy is quite screwed up).
In the US getting a credit card is like dropping off a log.  There's always a way to get one.  If nothing else you can get one through a credit union with a small limit.  In other countries..  not so much.  So taking your own experience with banking of credit cards and applying it to a completely different country is ill-advised.
I've also had problems using a debit card for international payments.  I didn't realize it until now that was the problem.
So bitcoin is actually a great alternative for people in a lot of countries.  I don't know why people are arguing so much with him, since he's speaking from his own experience.  
I'd also agree that Paypal is a den of thieves.  So far I've known 2 very reasonble people who were screwed by paypal.  One of which will never use them again, and the other doesn't have much choice.  Paypal has had a quite bad reputation for years.  I still use them occasionally, but I'd massively prefer another option.
@_date: 2014-10-25 05:19:16
Hind-site is 20/20.  I didn't say it was impossible, just unlikely.  
@_date: 2014-04-07 01:48:35
Can anyone name a large, successful company that's taken a literal name for a product as their company name?
For example, the big auction site on the internet isn't auction,com, it's ebay.  The successful bookstore on the internet isn't books.com, it's Amazon.  The successful computer retailer on the internet isn't computers.com, it's newegg.
Generic domain names smack of a generic business.  There's of course a few that are valueable just because the name IS the product, like linux.com, or bitcoin.com.  But I can't think of a single generically named internet company.
@_date: 2014-12-25 18:25:40
So an un-named, un-quoted, and totally theoretical ivy league analyst has made no pronouncement of anything, and we should just trust this non-opinion by nobody?
@_date: 2014-07-26 04:08:13
My mistake.  I misread the post.  I'd still fire the junior developer.
@_date: 2014-12-25 21:34:50


That's because it's not a rule of english grammar, it's a convention developed by...  who exactly?  You?  Some guy?  Good luck with your word battle.
@_date: 2014-06-26 23:32:06
Anyone who claims to know what the price of bitcoin will be in 6 months is a liar, or a fool.  Predicing the price of oil, gold, and other commodities is incredibly hard, and the analysts are wrong most of the time.  Bitcoin is far younger, and has far, far less analysis behind it and understanding of what drives the market. 
Conclusion:  Bruce Fenton is full of shit, and doesn't know what the hell he's talking about.
Oh, also that guy who 6 months ago claimed bitcoin was going to be at...  what was it, $10, is also full of shit.  The only difference is we can now say that conclusively.
@_date: 2014-05-31 15:43:48
"That's racist."
@_date: 2014-04-27 04:29:52
Wow.  Thanks, that's very informative, and jives with what my instincts are.  I find it odd people are saying that Gox's bitcoins "belong to them" rather than the coins being a debt owed.  There's so much that people just assume is the case without really knowing.
I don't doubt that this is how gold is traded, but can you provide any reference on this?  When I tell someone this I'd rather have a real reference rather than saying "Well MrDiddyK told me it on Reddit".
@_date: 2014-06-05 00:25:27
Yes, you're right about boomer belief in institutions.  I don't think that's really obedience though.  How can you be obedient to a bank?  Obedience is different from simply believing in the institution.  The two are related, but different.
Facebook and twiiter are also big institutions, so I don't see how that's much different.  I'm on neither, and sure as shit don't believe in either of them.  
I don't see the boomers as cowards or immoral, but I also don't see them as looking towards much beyond themselves.  They're the big power generation going through the system that's pushed everyone out, and gotten whatever they desire.  That's more selfishness than anything else.  But I think that attitude stems from what drives the Boomers.  "Getting ahead".  They wanted low-low taxes, and are willing to take big risks.  Buy now, pay later is the attitude. 
I support social security, and I don't know why so many people see it as some big negative.  It's a social contract.  An agreement between generations.  That's not so much an institution as it is social system.  There's no big authority figure to believe in, only that the young will support the old.
The problem is that we've elected politicians who've robbed the system to pay for wars and low-low-taxes.  I also think the bank bailout was inevitable.  Not acting quickly to increase the money supply and save banks from failing was one of the major causes of the great depression.  
Now, the big problem is that Obama was too much of a wuss to prosecute anyone for all the horseshit that went down, and is too much of a wuss to push for changing any of the laws so it can't happen again.  Nobody talks about re-implementing Glass-Stegal, which was one of the big causes of all this crap.  6 years after the meltdown, and there's little reason another one couldn't happen all over again.  The Republican party of nut-cases is also certainly to blame for that as well.  They still think they can have laissez faire capitalism and let banks gamble with everyone's money.
@_date: 2014-06-08 06:19:40


I actually know a lot of what all that shit means.  And I'll tell you the secret here:
Knowing a bunch of tech words is meaningless blather.  Sometimes people that sound "smart" and use large words are really just overly confident and repeating bullshit. Don't assume people who use words that you don't understand are any smarter than you are.
It doesn't take much tech know-how to keep your bitcoin safe.  The biggest mistake this guy made was putting a large amount of bitcoin on his damn phone.  That's just..  dumb.  Phones are one of the least secure places to store anything at this point.  
(Oh, and BTW the meaning of that last statement is pretty easy to understand. It's as if you say "I'm thinking of a number between 1 and 10, and the person who guesses it gets a free lunch".  But your friend knows you always pick 7.  It's also a really BS answer about how the guy got his BTC stolen, but "tech people" like to show off sometimes and show how smart they are by choosing all these really things that are possible, but also ueber-nerdy and really unlikely.)
@_date: 2014-04-27 21:11:00
It's not a matter of believing you or the lawyers, it's a matter of evidence and explanation.  I'm not a big believer in an appeal to authority.  
If the choice is between the law and liquidation, and this fly-by-night company lead by  a skeevy guy who's incorporating in freaking Cyprus, I'll take the liquidation plan.  
@_date: 2014-04-11 02:15:32
When the price makes some kind of fundamental difference in your life.  Pay off your college debt, pay off your car, buy a car you want, save up for a down payment on a house, etc.  
Money has to translate into tangible things that help you, and having a tangible thing to do with the money makes it very easy to know when to sell.  
@_date: 2014-12-22 02:04:36
Interesting.  You're right the quote is from way back in 1996 from applied cryptography, but the quotes are taken out of context and used to prove something Schneier wasn't saying.  His point is largely that brute force attacks are unfeasible, so attackers will chose something else.  (Much like trying to penetrate to penetrate an 18 mile thick vault).  Schneiere is a bright guy, and understands that nothing is impenetrable and normally tries to argue against the "silver bullet", and other narrow minded approaches approaches to security.






@_date: 2014-05-18 03:23:10
Depends on the client and how convincing you can be.
Clients think they're going to save costs because they can get a fixed bid and get exactly what they want.  That pretty miuch never turns out to be the case.  What normally happens is the contractor games the system and delivers exactly what the contract says, then makes any changes extra.  You can't really blame them, since they're protecting themselves.  Ultimitately this is much, much more expensive of course.
It really depends on who you're working with.  
@_date: 2014-07-26 03:04:28
Uhh..  If I were you I'd stop describing this guy as a "rockstar developer".  "Rockstar developers" know that pastebin is public.  
Anyone can make a mistake..  but posting all your passwords to ANYONE is kind of an extremely stupid one.  I _AM_ a developer (and I'd never describe myself as a rockstar), and know that the smartest and most talented people make mistakes.  Software is hard, bugs crop up, and not all mistakes are obvious.  But this one?.  Really, really stupid, and quite obvious to someone with real talent and/or knowledge.  You don't post files you don't know what they contain ANYWHERE on the internet.
I know you don't want to think ill of this guy, and compassion is probably in your nature, but just a word of warning here, this guy should have been fired for a dumb mistake like that.
@_date: 2014-07-01 04:06:03
If you want to promote bitcoin, and being paid in bitcoin, don't sell them bitcoins, give away a couple hundred bits with each purchase.  Everyone loves free, and there's a strong incentive for people to not pass up things that are free.
Many people have vaguely heard of bitcoin, but not many people have them.  Just having a small amount of them is an incentive.  It gives people an incentive to learn about how to get bitcoin and gives them a little bit to see that it's real.  You'll get them to create a wallet.
Having something is a lot different than just hearing about it.  Regular customers can then pay you in bitcoin to get a "free" buritto.  (Free since you're likely the only person who they'll interact with that accepts bitcoin).
@_date: 2014-12-25 21:37:19


Language is defined by usage, not by english teachers.  In usage, there's almost no difference between less and fewer.  Only grammar nazis really care about any functional difference and get bent out of shape at supermarket signs that say "5 items or less" in the express isles. The rest of just shrug and try to understand what people are saying rather concentrating on rules observed by a few.
@_date: 2014-05-01 02:40:36
But the point is this isn't a settlement.  There might as well not have been a lawsuit at all.
Wait until the okcoin proposal comes out.  Sunlot is a den of scum an villainy.
@_date: 2014-06-03 03:55:54
It's not simply a "piece of paper", there's legal benefits, inheritance benefits, medical benefits, social security benefits, and medicare benefits that go along with marriage.
You up and die?  Your spouse gets the house, gets any future SS benefits, 401k, etc from you without paying anything.  Most good jobs provide spousal health care.  You get hit by a car, go into a coma, and need someone to make the right decisions about what should happen to you?  That's your spouse.
Being married gives you a lot of rights in the society that single people don't have.  SOME of that can be taken care of through other legal means (primarily a living will).  That's one of the reasons why gay people have fought for the right to marry.
It's fine if you don't want any of those.  But don't discount the benefits society gives to marriage.
@_date: 2014-06-04 02:46:24


In a free society, people could decide under what terms they would like to get married. This is not currently possible.
You CAN decide the terms you get married.  It's called a pre-nuptial agreement.  Otherwise it's the default choice provided by applicable laws.
I guess we don't agree on government.  You seem to be somewhat of an anarchist or anarcho-capitalist, which I've never particularly agreed with and really don't even gain any insight from.  Sorry, it's just not an educational argument for me.  I've had it before and found it boring.  
Oh, and yes, Hitler, Stalin, etc DO reflect the society they came from.  You think Germany turned to the Nazi's simply because Hitler was a bad guy?  Hitler was elected.
Me personally?  No, but the society that bore the leader is certainly responsible for his/her actions.  The US is a violent society that blows shit up whenever it pleases.  In that regard it doesn't matter who the hell the president is.  The US won't change its war like nature and fear of everything until the people change, not the leaders.
@_date: 2014-06-07 17:17:15
Odd.  When someone starts out with the phrase "Not quite mainstream", I assume they mean that this isn't a mainstream reference.
Furthermore he goes on to say exactly what he believes mainstream is.  That sounds to me like a post where the author is having a debate about what mainstream is, and isn't.
Or perhaps there's some deeper, hidden meaning here.  Maybe the author is being subtly sarcastic?  Or the author is presenting a Zen or Dadaist interpretation of the world, hidden in a simple query about "The Lockhorns".  
Maybe I've been misled about "The Lockhorns" my entire life, and it's truly a deep philosophical play on the existentialist absurdity of life, read by the intellectual elite and commented on daily in highbrow magazines such as The New Yorker, hidden by the fact that those types of people don't fill out surveys.
Oh, and if you look closely, the survey results for "Garfield" are different.  Though you're right, the survey is the same for almost all the rest of the comics because the only people who read printed newspapers these days are baby boomers and silent gens who are stuck in a bygone era of text printed on dead trees.  A bygone era that's coincidentally also represented in the comics section in those same papers.
@_date: 2014-12-25 18:51:34
They may have done research, they may not have.  I really have no idea.  People in this thread seem to have this weird faith in theoretical analysts who've said nothing.  Blind faith in unknown people, who've said absolutely nothing.  Very odd.
What I AM saying is that not all analysts are equal, and like anyone else, they have bias.  So does Warren Buffet.  He's said himself he doesn't invest in anything he doesn't understand, like tech.  Tech has gone up like gangbusters, but Warren doesn't invest in it because he doesn't get it.  That's quite a bias, and I'm saying he should be ignored about things he himself says he doesn't understand.
@_date: 2014-12-25 19:18:12
Is that even possible?  Do any bitcoin markets allow you to short sell bitcoin?  (An honest question).
@_date: 2014-05-18 21:48:09
Odd isn't really the right word for it.  MtGox has LONG been very silent and secretive about what's going on.  So saying nothing is just business as usual.
What seems a little odd to me is that there's been little or no word that any kind of criminal investigation is going on.  You don't really need to understand bitcoin to know that hundreds of millions of dollars suddenly going missing represents a crime.
The hardest part is that you need to understand Japanese culture to know what's really going on and why there isn't word of a criminal investigation.  Do you have any idea how the Japanese criminal system works, what they investigate, or how high a profile this case is?  I sure as hell don't, and I suspect few people do.  The fact that hardly anyone on reddit, and few in the bitcoin community understand Japanese, or live in Japan doesn't help.  
In essence, the information vacuum is partially just Mt. Gox normal behavior,  part cultural barrier, and (very likely) a large part simply bankruptcy law.
@_date: 2014-05-17 15:48:36
I also agree that you need definition in what you want the platform to do.  But there's some more here that's not quite right.
1. Software isn't a "big bang".  The model you're proposing where you define the requirements, people work on it, and you get a nice end result is a model that's failed consistently for the past 40 years.  We call it the "waterfall model".  
 The truth is most people don't really know what they want from software, they just just have sort of an idea that software can solve their problem.  That's fine, but that sort of problem is best solved by an iterative development model where you very quickly make version after version of the software.  After several iterations you get something useful.
2. A big reward incentivizes the wrong things. If you reward a large amount of cash to the first version you're virtually guaranteed to give you unmaintainable code that looks nice, but is severely flawed. Software is almost like a living thing in that it grows and exists as a part of a changing eco-system.  For that reason it needs to be added to and maintained.  If the incentive is "big bang" you're only encouraging the code to be complete and utter horseshit that nobody wants to touch.
 If you're dead set on funding technology, offer a much smaller reward for some initial concept (10,000).  Then decide if you want to proceed further.
3.  Most of the problems you're talking about can't exactly be solved by software.  Essentially you're talking about community.
Community isn't about technology, it's about governance, leadership, and communication.  What you need to think about his how to run the community you're proposing, not the technology.  If technology can facilitate that, then it'll flow out of the community.  The best example of a community built around technology is Linux.  The leadership is Linus Torvalds.  The communications is through existing tools that have existed for years (Mailing lists, IRC, etc), not something specific for Linux.  Linux has a foundation that funds development, but by and large stays out of development and doesn't really have any advisory role over the linux kernel itself AFAIK.  Linus is essentially a "benevolent dictator", (even with occasional bouts of yelling on LKML (Linux Kernel Mailing List) that sometimes reach the level of Slashdot articles).  
I agree with you the bitcoin foundation is an utter failure, and the election of Brock is an undeniable example of that failure.  
But what you (and everyone really) should be thinking about is ways of building community.  Community is about people, not technology.  
@_date: 2014-12-24 01:56:19
Actually the warning is a greater one.  If you'll read the entire article it's about the snake oil of encryption, and being "unbreakable", which is baloney.  That's what the infographic is trying to promote, and that's what I'm refuting.


People that don't understand that 2^256 is more than 2*256 can't be convinced with more math.  My problem with the infographic is that it has no balance.  If tomorrow someone announced a fundamental flaw in the underlying algorithms of bitcoin such that a cheap laptop can break bitcoin, then bitcoin will plunge to zero value overnight.
I don't think that's likely to happen, but you can't rule out the possibility of it happening, and that's the one sided argument that the infographic tries to portray.
@_date: 2014-05-11 16:04:24
When and where did this take place?  I don't care about the specific HS, but the region and time period.
@_date: 2014-05-01 02:11:36
Everyone gets that.  That's the sunlot plan.
The members of the lawsuit got NOTHING that no other creditor gets.  (And no, I'm not a member of this lawsuit).
So basically if you agree to the lawsuit, you have to agree to support sunlot, and not support the pending okcoin offer.  For that, you get no more than any other creditor.
So you're giving up the ability to choose sunlot over okcoin.  Why would anyone do that at this stage?  Wait until the okcoin bid comes in, and make your choice then.
@_date: 2014-05-17 05:05:22


The Flash that's the poster boy for shitty, insecure code?  The Flash that had so many drive-by exploits over several years that it's commonly disabled and blocked?  The Flash that is now thankfully finally dying?  THAT Flash?
Yeah..  maybe not really something to brag about or demonstrate your technical savy by mentioning you invented.  
Coldfusion..  umm yeah.  Let's not even go there.
@_date: 2014-10-26 02:06:46
An interesting opinion.  I didn't see any similar posts when people were counting down Mark T Williams prediction.
@_date: 2014-10-26 02:09:59
Oddly specific?  Nobody else's prediction received widespread attention, except Mark Williams of course. He upset the bitcoin community with a LOW prediction, and is widely criticized.  Someone even made a damn countdown clock for him.  
But yet when a popular person in the community makes an equally absurd prediction (but HIGH), calling them out just like Williams is considered "trolling", or somehow negative.
@_date: 2014-07-03 00:20:21
Who's this we?  That was some crazy guy, or his crazy wife.  I forget which.  But it sure as shit wasn't "we".
@_date: 2014-06-02 05:04:12
You're confusing a currency and an economy.  And even economies are incredibly inter-twined.  The EU and the US aren't really competitors economically, they're more accurately partners.  Partners sometimes compete with each other, but the relationship is mutually beneficial, not adversarial.
It's also a little silly to think of an abstract money exchange medium as competing.  Does the sea "compete" with the land?  Does the air compete with the water?  Of course not.  They all are part of one system that works together.  And so it's the same with currencies.
BTC and DOGE aren't games like chess with winners and losers, where you choose sides.  Neither is the USD or the EUR.
@_date: 2014-05-18 03:38:59
Sure, that works,  But it's still not the waterfall method.  You're still iterating and asking the client if that's what they want, even if it is just a paper prototype.  
The point being though that this contest is totally the waterfall method.  How can you do your paper iteration technique on this project, since you can't exactly ask anarchystar "is this what you want?" continually.  You're supposed to produce a working product from a poorly defined set of principles.  
You're also competing with other people who are sure to put in neat sounding bells and whistles that may or may not actually solve any problems, but are sure to SOUND really cool when you first see them.
@_date: 2014-04-27 07:10:11
They owe 850,000 BTC and have 200,000 BTC.  How is that something worth saving?
@_date: 2014-07-03 03:50:20
Easier to hide from governments who want to seize it.
Easier to transport into another country if you had to flee.
Easier to transmit to someone else.
@_date: 2014-04-26 03:26:45


I read through the sunlot proposal.  I didn't see where it was made clear that they wouldn't re-use any code.  Can you point that out?
I don't know Olivier in any way, but AFAIK he hasn't said anything shady.  There's a conflict of interest to be sure since he's starting up his own exchange, but he also has a large amount of BTC at stake in Gox.  
But frankly I have to agree with him.  I haven't paid much attention to what he's said, but we've both arrived at similar conclusions.  The motivations of the "rehabilitation" are very suspect.  What, exactly is the big asset they're buying?  
Most businesses have assets that are only good for running their business.  A car maker has factories and intellectual property, a bank has depositors and business relationships, other companies have a good name, or a secret formula.  Also simply emplyoyees with know-how.  
Gox has...  none of that.  The internal systems are shit and were compromised.  The employees are suspect.  They have no intellectual property worth speaking of, and a ruined name.
So I sure as hell don't trust anyone that wants to buy that crappy company.  And after reading the chat logs with the rep of the company and OJ, I sure as hell don't trust the company either.  The  rep of that company tried to make it into this binary choice of them, or nothing.  A choice between some made up number of a return, or them holding the BTC hostage for a year for "an audit".  Which is BS.
@_date: 2014-05-23 04:27:48
Sure, I agree that you can build a bit of cache from announcing a website.  I'm not opposed to a website per-se, but the focus should be on the community, not technology.
@_date: 2014-07-06 00:14:43


Spoken by someone who's either never sold anything, or been extremely lucky when you have.
Good shit doesn't sell itself all the damn time.  The world is filled with fabulous products that never found the right way to sell them.
@_date: 2014-09-09 04:57:16
I have a fair amount of stats knowledge.  The methodology is:












Emphasis mine.
So be careful when interpreting the poll.  This isn't a national opinion poll, it's a poll of **likely votes**.  Which is going to skew very differently than a poll of people over 18.  The fact that this is a poll of likely voters is already a red flag.  Why would you choose likely voters for knowledge of bitcoin?  Normally these kinds of questions are opinion tracking polls, not voter polls.
The fact that this was conducted online could also skew the sample.  You think people online might be more likely to know about bitcoin than anyone else?
@_date: 2014-03-12 04:31:46


Buying beer?  Liquor stores don't care if your ID has real information on it, only that it LOOKS real.  Same thing with an online financial company.  What...  do you think the liquor store goes into some national database for of real people to verify all the information is correct...  just to make sure the kid who bought the 24 pack of Bush is 21 or over?
But you're really kind of missing the point though.  All that information, minus the drivers license is ALREADY freely available in online databases.  You can find many, many addresses, and many, many birthdates already.  
In other words, Drivers licenses don't contain secrets.  The only thing that's relevant if the physical ID.  The information on it is already available.


Uhh..  I guess.  And anyone that uses a scanned ID as any kind of proof that the person showing the ID is really that person is an idiot.  A scanned ID proves nothing.  People scan ID documents commonly.  Do you realize how trivial it'd be to take a scanned ID and put whatever information you want in it?  If pictures of scanned IDs are really quite valuable, it's trivial to just automate the process.


Now I know you really don't know what you're talking about.  Opening up a CC requires a Social Security   Gox never asked for for that, and doesn't have it.  A scanned ID will get you exactly zero credit cards.  CC companies use the SS# to look at your credit history.  They just won't give you a CC without one.
The real security knowledge of people makes me want to do a facepalm.  It's as if the most paranoid guy wins.  WTF?
@_date: 2014-06-07 14:50:48
I don't mean to laugh..  but you must be of a generation that's never read the newspaper comics before.  "The Lockhorns" hasn't been funny...  ever I think.
So here's "The joke".  People would be afraid of being paid in bitcoins because the value rises and falls enormously.  Is that honestly something you'd want?  
@_date: 2014-06-06 01:16:25
Your boss is a short sighted douchebag.  On a $3 tip he's taking 9 cents.  Seriously?  It's better for business simply to not literally nickel and dime your employees. 
@_date: 2014-11-08 06:31:51


Yes.  This was one of the revelations from Ed Snowden.  As someone else pointed out, it's called Parallel Construction:
The sad truth is we can't know what's real and what's not anymore because the government will lie in a trial and fabricate sources of evidence.
@_date: 2014-07-04 05:03:08
Exactly.  Mike seems to make a purely technical argument, but ignores the real issue of economics.  It's not whether you can make an ASIC resistant algorithm or not, it's whether you can make one that's economically competitive to a CPU.  
It's also a matter of how much faster the ASIC is to the CPU.  If it's only 5 times as powerful, that's really a position where a CPU or GPU is a viable contender, since the CPU you use for other things.  If the ASIC is 100x or 1000x faster, then the CPU is pretty worthless.
@_date: 2014-06-21 17:42:45
Hmmm..  This site sets off some alarm bells for me.  I don't think it's a scam, but they seem a little misguided, and don' really present the idea very clearly.  They show a series of pictures of large scale piece of junk, but the reality is that the "garbage patch" is mostly suspended particles:
"the patch is not visible from satellite photography, nor even necessarily to a casual boater or diver in the area, since it consists primarily of a small increase in suspended, often-microscopic particles in the upper water column."
 
So I start off with skepticism that they don't address the reality of the garbage patch (and I'm sure as hell not going to read a 500 page document to find the answer).
So I don't think they're scammers, but I would like to see real explanations of how they plan to filter out tiny, often microscopic pieces of plastic from water.  Showing big plastic bags, and plastic oil cans leads me to believe they're miss-characterizing the garbage patch problem to the general public, which I find more than a little dishonest.
@_date: 2014-05-13 03:59:49
I think the reality is that bitcoin is a novelty at this point, and only a few people have some.  It's like someone giving you a few pennies of a foreign currency.
@_date: 2014-04-27 15:04:26
Can you tell me why you believe that liqudation will provide nothing?  Please provide real references rather than opinion, or "someone told me X".  
@_date: 2014-07-06 00:12:26
Nice, but most banks charge a foreign transaction fee.  I'd also wonder if you're getting a good exchange rate or not.  Be careful, banks use trick language to make money and don't call them "fees".
@_date: 2014-06-03 05:42:57
Credit cards are generally really terrible for merchants.  But it's become the norm over the last 10 years.  A lot of that has to do with banks charging fees for ATM transactions.  I still remember "the good old days" when you could take money out of any ATM and have no fee.  Then fees came, and less people had cash.
Before that, people used these weird things called checks.  Who carries around a checkbook anymore?  I think I've written 4 checks this year.  That's high, really.  Normally it might be 2 checks.
@_date: 2014-05-04 18:48:01
That I agree with.  I do see a problem with the current 1MB block size limitation.  We're currently at around .1 to .2 MB block sizes.
It won't take long (maybe a year or two) to start butting up against the 1MB limit.  Since increasing the limit takes a protocol change, the developers and community should start thinking about that NOW.
@_date: 2014-07-05 15:16:28
Wall street.  Is that really who you want controlling the message?
The thing you're not realizing is that there's many steps in adoption of a new technology.  When you say that the information is out there, you've already identified yourself as someone who seeks out new information independently.  That's a great trait, but it's one not shared by at least 80% of the population.  The vast majority of people don't google things they heard about, they don't go and read the wikipedia article, they don't try to learn.  
So if we as a community don't educate the populace about bitcoin, it'll happen through mass-media outlets.  Umm..  I don't know how much you've seen mass-media, but it's all about fear, hype, lies, and speculation.  Do you want people to think bitcoin is that thing used by drug dealers and terrorists?  
You're right, bitcoin is a technology, not a religion.  That's what the OP is talking about when he's saying to stop with the anti-fed, anti-bank, anti "fiat", rhetotic.  I'm not one of those people, and I find it a huge negative for this subreddit.  I don't think people even understand how prevalent it is here, and inherent in many peoples thoughts.  This subreddit is very insular, and if bitcoin is going to suceed it needs to get beyond the small group of people who think traditional currency is eeeeeviiil.  Nobody wants to hear this, but that's a small minority and actually quite radical opinion.  
@_date: 2014-12-21 23:58:54
Warning Sign  Ridiculous key lengths.
It's sort of like building a vault with a ridiculously thick walls. "The walls of our vault are 18 miles thick!".  That's cute, but security is always about more than one aspect of a system.
@_date: 2014-04-06 21:28:24
Sadly, I have to agree.  Several years ago I had a conversation with our head of "corporate security" (i.e. the guy they named because someone wanted a guy to be named) about IE vs Firefox.  I was mentioning how IE had all these security problems, and was broken into all the time and how you really shouldn't be using it.  His reply (He's a big IE user) was that Firefox had problems too, and "wasn't immune". 
He's a bit of a black/white thinker, so I didn't find it surprising, just sad and frustrating.  But you're really quite right when you say it's shocking how many people think of security in absolute terms.  
I think it's a deeper issue with a lot of human understanding.  Thinking beyond yes/no qualities of something involves a greater understanding of the question involved, which isn't really appreciated by a lot of people.  Many people like simple understandings of complex things and aren't willing to delve any deeper than that.  Changing someones understanding of something is far harder than just giving them a simple answer.  
I'll give you a strange example.  In physics people are often confused by particle/wave duality of electrons.  One theory is that electrons are particles (like a bullet).  Another is that particles are waves (like ocean waves).  When we conduct the experiment, we get both answers depending on which experiment you run.  It doesn't make much sense until you realize that particle/wave are really just simple mental models we have of understanding how electrons behave, and it doesn't have to conform to either one.  In the end we say that an electron is a thing that behaves according to the laws of quantum theory, which can resemble both what we think of as particles and waves.
@_date: 2014-05-11 15:35:15
Please tell us the name of the "large insurance company".  If this world is going to ever change, people need to name names.  It's ridiculous for an employer to look at HS records for a 28 year old, and I'd like to not do business with an insurance company that has such a ridiculous policy.
@_date: 2014-05-01 02:14:00
Funny.  When I hear them talk, I hear utter and complete BS, and get a feeling of extreme distrust.  They're waaay too over-confident, and every instinct in me tells me to not trust them one bit.
@_date: 2014-06-08 06:56:10
Never trust a winkelvii.
@_date: 2014-05-26 19:07:55
I see this theory a lot, but absolutely zero evidence to support it.  
Do you have any evidence, or is this purely speculation?
@_date: 2014-06-01 14:50:42
@_date: 2014-04-06 22:36:46


I do realize that.  That's why I used the phrase "what actually happens" rather than use the word standard, which doesn't exist in any real sense.  There's no standards, just what happens and what people believe.


I'm actually very open minded.  My definition of "securty audit" is extremely inclusive.  it's just that it's not very specific.   Security audit is essentially whatever you can get away with.


I'm not really sure what a security analyst is, or how someone becomes one other than some company bestows that title on you.  Language is funny that way.  20 years ago if you investigated someones security methods without explicit permission you were a "hacker", and the FBI broke down your door with guns drawn.  (No kidding).  Now people do that same thing and are deamed "security researcher", and the FBI normally doesn't give a frack because they have actual criminals to pursue.  
Suffice it to say though I have a large knowledge of internet security and have been doing it in one form or another for 20+ years.  So I think I'm qualified to hold an intelligent conversation on the matter.  Job titles don't hold a lot of meaning for me and I've never been terribly impressed with mere credentials.
@_date: 2014-04-30 00:34:24
It's nice when your instincts serve you well.  These guys looked like scum from the minute I heard of them, and continually got scummier at every point along the way, (and most certainly in the Google Hangout convo).
@_date: 2014-05-01 04:00:57


The okcoin deal isn't mythical, it's just not been finalized.  They've already had a chosen representative (Daniel Kelman) say that their deal will give creditors their coin back right away.  That's really the only reason that sunlot changed the deal from 1 year to the same as okcoin.  He's also said they're saying 49% go to creditors, though I don't think that part is finalized.
But no, there's no deal yet.  Just be patient.  Sunlot only announced this week, so I'd imagine okcoin wouldn't be far behind.  
The chat with Kelman is at 
@_date: 2014-10-05 15:44:30


No, we can't.  btc and mbtc are fine and follow pre-established SI rules, so people can understand it.  Bits is incredibly confusing.  I've heard of it for 1+ year, and I still can't remember what fraction of a bitcoin it is.  How would I expect anyone else to?
But I can instantly understand that a bitcent is 1/100 of a bitcoin.  Just like a cent is 1/100 of a dollar, of 1/100 of a euro.  Simple.
@_date: 2014-10-06 04:17:41
Thanks.  I think your post demonstrates you aren't worth further conversation with.
@_date: 2014-05-04 15:29:45
Moores law WILL end.  That's simply a fact since we live in a world of atoms.  It's certainly going to happen in most redditors lifetime.  
We've already seen a direct effect of the limitations of physics.  CPUs haven't gone up in linear speed all that drastically in the past 10 years do to heat limiting clock speeds, it's now about increasing cores and other parellelism tricks.  So any inherently linear process hasn't gotten much faster.
@_date: 2014-06-01 14:57:12
It's not rude, it's blunt.  I disagree with the cult of positivism currently entrenched at least in the US that everything must be couched in a positive light.  If you'd like to be always positive and welcoming and all that, that's great, but don't require everyone to have to be that way all the time.
The OP is treating alt-currencies as an investment, which is fine, but doesn't understand what investing is, which isn't.  
@_date: 2014-04-29 01:23:30


Given the state of wealth distribution in the United States, that might not be a bad idea.  What kind of gang would you suggest?  The problem is going to be that wealthy people don't carry around a lot of cash, so when we shake them upside down there's just not a lot of cash that's going to come out.
@_date: 2014-06-03 03:21:25
Huh.  So if the card issuer doesn't make money through transaction fees, how do they make money?
I'm assuming interest, and late fees?  So is my card issuer is generally losing money each month on me since I pay it off every month?
@_date: 2014-10-05 15:22:41
The internet is just another form of the phone lines.  It's not a "fundamental revolution".
And really, I can see that perspective.  From a far away perspective, that's totally correct.  But I don't agree that it's not a massive shift in how the society works, and what can be done.  
I'll give you an example.  Transportation from 150 years ago.  The invention of the railroad fundamentally changed society in the mid 1800s.  In the US, travelling across the country wasn't this long, arduous, dangerous journey anymore.  So masses of people moved west.
The internet is the same thing.  Suddenly people who haven't met in person are communicating across continents on a daily basis.  That's never happened before in the history of mankind, and represents a fundamental shift in society.   The society is so incredibly nerdy now, it's unrecognizable from 30 years ago.  If Marty McFly arrived from 1985 in 2015, he'd think the world had been invaded by nerds.  Nobody but a few pioneers used computers in 1985.  Nobody really understood what memory, storage, and a processor was.  
These days people have conversations about how much memory their phone has, or how fast it is, or that it doesn't have enough storage to store all their music.  I'm not saying people have a DEEP understanding of these concepts, but the expectations of what you have to know about the world to survive in it are vastly different than just 30 years ago.
I suspect bitcoin is going to be the same thing.  It's going to transform things in ways we can't yet fully imagine.  I saw newspapers online in 1985 (my parents laughed at me and didn't get it when I told them), but I didn't see online distribution of music until about 1996 about a year after MP3 was first invented.
@_date: 2014-09-26 07:03:35
Not true.  If Amazon were to suddenly cease to exist tomorrow, you'd owe tokyo-hot $25.  
In face, Never might be a good bet.  It covers far more days than any other single prediction.  Amazon can't survive forever, and bitcoin might collapse entirely if the mathematics it's based on have a catastrophic failure.  
@_date: 2014-04-27 04:39:05
Thank you so much!
@_date: 2014-10-05 15:34:36
It's pretty much exactly the opposite in the US.  I have 2 cards that have the chip, and I've yet to be able to use it.  It's VERY rare to even SEE a terminal that accepts the chip.  Target and Home Depot recently upgraded their terminals to accept the chip, but I've tried my chip card at both recently, and neither one works yet.
I've yet to even use the chip yet since I've not found anywhere where it'll work.  That's going to start shifting in about a year though.  The burden of liability is going to shift to the party that implements the least technolog in Oct 2015.  If the CC issuer gives the customer a chip card, and the retailer only has swipe, any fraud is the responsibility of the retailer.  If the retailer has a chip reader, but the CC issuer hasn't given the customer a chip card, then the CC issuer is responsible for fraud.
@_date: 2014-09-27 15:41:08
I bid one dollar.
@_date: 2014-05-18 20:38:50
I think it unlikely iterative feedback is going to be available.  How much time do you think Olivier has to provide iterative feedback to whomever is participating?  If he provides feedback to one group but not another, is that fair?  
The amount of money encourages a lot of people to try.  If 10 groups create 10 different products, then Olivier (assuming fairness) has to split the amount of time he has by 10.  That's even assuming he has the time to begin with.
The post itself by Olivier implies that it's going to be a traditional sort of contest where feedback isn't provided.  That's just normally how these types of things go, so I'd say it's a safe assumption until more information is provided.
The point of my post though isn't really posting my speculative thoughts about how the contest is going to be run, but provide in the inherent problems in software development.  So of course I hope Olivier learns something from it an re-evaluates what he's really trying to do here in light of how software has failed in the past.
@_date: 2014-05-16 00:07:01
Rush Limbaugh?
@_date: 2014-06-04 01:51:30
Stole?  For the state marriage is simply a legal acknowledgement of a relationship, that includes financial relationships.  I think that's perfectly fine, otherwise you get fights over property when someone dies.  How would you propose we solve the same problem?   
Here's an idea..  we could have a registry where each person agrees to go into a financial arrangement with another person.  Someone has to witness that, they file the paperwork, and it's a done deal.  If you want to end that arrangement, fine, but undoing financial relationships is always harder than putting them together.
Of course...  that's exactly what marriage is, at least from the perspective of the state.


I don't see a lot of difference between the two.  Government reflects society, society reflects government.  People with money have a lot of influence over both.  So what's the difference?
I'm still not certain where you think government gets involved in how marriage should operate.  The adultery laws were thrown out years ago.  No-fault divorces are the norm now.  The legal parts of marriage are where the government gets involved, which makes sense.  
Seriously, whats your proposal to handle the things I just talked about?  People establish a household together, have children (sometimes), purchase property together, etc.  How should that be dealt with when people split up, die, etc?
@_date: 2014-06-08 06:34:50


That's probably true for petty theft.  But is certainly not for cyber crime.  I guarantee you 95% of skimming attacks (ripping off your credit card with a special device on a gas pump or ATM) aren't conducted by family, friends, or friend of friends.  The same is true of identity theft.  So your statistic in totally meaningless.
It's very, very possible to get your BTC stolen via malware.  The malware exists.  It's also possible the guy was lying.  Who knows?  
@_date: 2014-09-18 01:04:28
I routinely see gift cards from retailers other than the one selling them.  Amazon and Home Depot cards  at Target for instance.  So I'm assuming that's what the OP is talking about.  If retailers aren't making something on them, it's foolish to sell them.
@_date: 2014-05-11 16:16:27
Noted.  (Also noted...  Kentucky)
@_date: 2014-06-27 05:43:56
Ok, what's your basis for your prediction?  Past prediction performance mean nothing to me.  Reasoning, facts, and analysis are what matters.  
@_date: 2014-06-04 03:34:22
There's HUGE differences between generations.  But boomers aren't really obedience and status quo, that's the silent generation.  Boomers are more defined by taking big risks, and being workaholics.  They grew up during enormous prosperity and advancement, so taking risks paid off for them.
Read this:
@_date: 2014-10-26 16:48:03
I think the point is, nobody can predict the price.  You should know that. If asked for "crystal ball"predictions give no answer.  If all you have is gut instincts, that's not something to base a prediction on.  
People do fundamental analysis on commodity prices all the time and base that on real market analysis rather than gut instinct, and they're mostly wrong all the time.
@_date: 2014-05-11 16:45:02
Thank you!
@_date: 2014-07-26 23:10:42
I'm still stuck on doctor.  People keep using it for these trained AMA certified medical professionals.  I mean, as we all know Doctor means "a learned or authoritative teacher".  Then this whole freaking medicine thing comes along, and everyone is using doctor to describe someone who heals sick people!  Yeah, yeah, I know, everyone's been doing that for several hundred years now.. cry me a river.  Learn to use languager right!  Son of a bitch!  
Can't you people learn to use terms where they originally from, and not morph into multiple definitions where you need to understand the context of the sentence to know what people are saying?  I mean, is it beef, as in the cow, or beef as in an issue with someone personally?  Pick a side people, we're at war!
@_date: 2014-09-26 23:22:48
I still claim that if bitcoin collapses due to fundamental mathematics (say tomorrow someone discovers how to turn a public address into a private key with a pocket calculator), the exploit become widely known, and anyone can suddenly steal anyone elses bitcoin.  Bitcoin would utterly collapse and become worthless, overnight.
Don't think the above is impossible.  It's not likely, and not likely to happen over night.  But I see no reason why it couldn't.
@_date: 2014-06-08 02:51:20
So if your salary were set back in November, you wouldn't mind being paid a lot in your local currency since the price crash?  
Your cost of living are in a local currently, so the exchange rate matters quite a bit.  Anyone accepting payment in bitcoin also will price items according to their local exchange rate, so you gain no advantage. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 23:10:47
The IRS, and generally all countries have thresholds you have to pass to owe taxes on.  I'd be surprised if it weren't the same for commodities.  So if you bought a gold ring for $10, gold prices go up, sell it for $20, you're not required to report that.  I'd be awfully surprised if they same thing weren't the case for bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-07-05 14:58:31
How about micro-payments?   Bitcoin wipes the floor with everything else in terms of micro-payments.
How about transactions between people online?  There's lots of small money transactions people do all the time in person that are impossible online with traditional currency or Credit cards.  Imagine being able to sell an app on your website without having to setup a payment process, all the fees associated with that, etc.  
The killer app of bitcoin is the network.  The lack of fees is nice, but it's not going to be the driving force behind adoption.
@_date: 2014-04-27 18:33:33
You're the one making the claim, so I'd like your research.  It's customary when you make a claim to back that up with evidence.  Otherwise how can anyone evaluate whether something is true or not?  
This is especially true on a group like Reddit, where nobody has reputation.  I've looked into the past of the that Brock guy that's trying to buy MtGox and provided references to the quite shady past of this guy.  It's reasonable for someone making claims about liqudation to provide similar evidence.
@_date: 2014-09-28 00:00:57
If you really have "dirt" on 2 entities, why would you announce that you're going to make an announcement?  This is worse than presidential election season.
This whole thing smells of bullshit.  Posting this here is a BAD idea and only encourages other little shitheads to post idle threats to unknown people.  
If the real story is as big as shithead says it is, there's no need for a sticky.  If it isn't, who cares?
@_date: 2014-05-18 23:05:37
Huh.  You're right, (though it's FAR worse than you've been told).  90% sounded a little low to me, so I did a little research.  Japan is specifically mentioned.
**Japan has a conviction rate that exceeds 99%**, which has been attributed to **low prosecutorial budgets** impelling understaffed prosecutors to present judges with only the **most obviously guilty defendants.**[1]
by comparison:
For 2011, the US Department of Justice reported a 93% conviction rate.[3]
**edit** 
Wow.  This is really bad:
The Japanese authorities have long relied on confessions to bring suspects to court, instead of building cases based on solid evidence. Human rights groups have criticized the practice for leading to abuses of due process and the railroading of the innocent.
So the reality is that Karpeles will very likely never be prosecuted for anything, no matter what he did.  Bitcoin is complex, and there's just no chance you'd ever get a 99% chance at conviction for something as complex is bitcoin.  No prosecutor wants to risk his/her career on this.
@_date: 2014-04-29 14:06:17
Yes I understand that.  
My point however is this isn't a settlement of the lawsuit.  It's ending the lawsuit with the same outcome as never having had a lawsuit in the first place.
@_date: 2014-05-11 15:58:31
It's not really about votes, or libability, it's about perception, culture, and school officials placacting the public.  
The US is a fear based culture.  That fear is multiplied by a factor of 100 when it comes to children.  There's a lot of parents out their worry about drugs, gangs, guns, columbine events, alcohol soaked tampons, gummy bears in vodka, etc.  Essentially whatever people are told to be afraid of every night on the nightly news.  Remember, we're the country where a popular musical demonized freaking pool as a corrupting influence (The music man).
So those parents want to feel "safe".  Zero tolerance policies make people feel "safe" because people think their kids are going to be protected from the "big evil" because the school is going to just stomp that stuff out whenever they see it.  
A cultural difference that illustrates the fear culture in the US:  In Italy, students have long had a tradition of taking over the school for a few days and having some form of protest/education in its place. It's called an occupation. Generally it involves the students protesting over condutions at the school, and is tied to political parties.  The police are called and come and tell the students they're responsible for whatever happens.  The teachers leave, and the students are left to protest, and stay overnight.  From what I hear, the students act like you'd expect, with reports of children being concieved at these events.  (They don't wreck the school though of course).
If that happened in the US, we'd call in the fucking SWAT team.  It'd be on the national news with up-to-the-minute reporting where talking heads would speculate on if this was linked to terrorism, or some kind of new columbine like trend.  Fox News would show scenes of "Rock and Roll High School" and wonder if this Rock Music is to blame. Guns would be drawn, the student leaders arrested, and in the aftermath a new "zero tolerance" policy would be created towards any kind of student organizing, protests, or talk about taking over the school.
@_date: 2014-04-29 03:44:04
* Bitcoin is a free way to send a person or a business money instantly over the internet
* Bitcoin is incredibly easy to use and is as easy as installing an app.
* Bitcoin is Freedom.  Bitcoin frees everyone from governments and banks trying to rip us off and control how we use our own money.
* Bitcoin is quickly becoming mainstream, and used by people like you every day.
@_date: 2014-03-10 04:59:06
My drivers license contains my birthdate, address, and my drivers license number.  Everyones birthdate and address at least in the US are VERY easy to find, and available in public freely accessible databases right now.  Drivers license numbers are used for...  what exactly?
I might be a little worried if they actually stole my physical drivers license, but could you please tell me a real concern about what the super-secret information is on my drivers license is?  If so, please be specific about how that information can be used.
@_date: 2014-03-09 04:59:09
Exactly.  It's a smokescreen. A double bluff.  An XK Red 27 technique.  
Sheesh.  Are you a bit of a conspiracy theorist?  One of the hallmarks of a good conspiracy theorist is every bit of evidence against the conspiracy is just turned around to be in support of the conspiracy.
@_date: 2014-04-27 06:08:08
In fact, there's an inverse relationship between competence and confidence.  People with a lot of competence are actually less confident than people with less competence.  And when you give those confident people more competence, they become LESS confident, not more.  Largely because they know how much they actually DON'T know.










So your experience of being a 21 year old kid and being confident while simultaneously knowing shit is very common.  
So the fact that kid is solid under pressure is largely a negative.  He comes off as arrogant to me.  The fact that they're letting a 21 year old kid be their spokes person tells you a lot about this company.  Really?  This is the guy who's speaking for them?  Stupid.
@_date: 2014-06-27 05:59:30
And where, specifically did the 3000 value, or the 60-70 billion number come from?  Why not 2000?  Why not 6000? Your answer just sounds like a shot from the hip in the dark than real analysis.  People that do commodity analysis use real numbers of usage drivers, conduct stastical analysis, study markets for years, and are STILL wrong wrong wrong all the time.    
I'm not really quite sure why you think bitcoin relates to the price of Apple or Facebook rather than the price of all the gold in the world.  Bitcoin is a commodity, not a stock.  Companies produce profits and pay dividends, bitcoin is purely a holder of value and will never produce money on it's own without the price going up. 
If bitcoin will ultimately succeed, it's still highly undervalued as a global value exchange.  But that's the only prediction I'd trust.
@_date: 2014-05-13 02:38:32
This isn't calculating losses for the IRS.  It's an object lesson in holding onto things that may rise in value.
@_date: 2014-07-02 03:23:30
The article you pointed to was an re-ogranization of a huge corporation.  It has 60,000 employees for instance.  MtGox had.. around 60?
It's not in any way comparable to MtGox.  MtGox isn't reorganizing at all.
@_date: 2014-05-11 17:36:55
So far most stories about bitcoin have been about the spectacular rise of the value of bitcoin.  There's a few stories about bitcoin being used on the Silk Road. 
[Actual surveys of people in the United States](  will tell you that 76% don't know what bitcoin is.
So your intuition about whether people have already made up their mind is incorrect.  You can't be anchored about something you don't know about.
@_date: 2014-10-25 18:48:29


A thousand, really?  I don't recall seeing a thousand different predictions appearing hear from journalists pressuring people.  I don't even recall seeing 10.  Your statement is ridiculous hyperbole designed to distract people from Mr. Fenton's absurd prediction.  4 months ago his answer should have been the same as today.  Nobody knows.
Bruce is the one that got upvoted here.  When he made his big prediction there wasn't a lot of people wanting to disbelieve it, despite the number coming out of thin air.  


Witch hunting is where you accuse someone of something they didn't do.  Bruce Fenton made a prediction that's unlikely to come true in just 2 months.  How is that calling him a witch?  Mark T. Williams made an equally ridiculous prediction about bitcoin trading under $10 in 6 months, but yet HE gets paraded around like a fool because he said something against bitcoin. 
I'm just trying to remind the community of ridiculous predictions that were made in the past that were obviously stupid things to say at the time.  If the community wants to grow up, it needs to realize nobody can know the price of bitcoin in 6 months, or really even two months.  As I said, it MIGHT still come true, but we'll see.
@_date: 2014-04-27 07:03:14
If that's really the case, do another distribution with the unclaimed BTC.  If they have a real exchange there's no reason why they can't just keep it until it's claimed.  If Gox didn't implode the situation would be the same.
@_date: 2014-12-25 23:00:18


I'm lucky enough to be a native speaker.  I don't know WHY traveling "at" Florida is wrong, it just is.  I don't need to intellectualize grammar rules to know that because some internal circuit already knows it.  Just like I don't need an intellectual voice telling me why water is wet, it just is.
But....  if suddenly the grammar rules changes, and people started saying they're travelling AT Florida, native speakers internal, but unwritten rule book would shift.  Even now there's a few things that sound wrong to me that people use that I'm not so sure about.  People use "Funnily enough", which sounds wrong to me, but I don't correct them, and I'm growing accustomed to.  There's a few others I've heard as well, but I can't recall off the top of my head.
@_date: 2014-07-09 03:21:00


That was really more of a statement of the counter-culture.  Most baby boomers weren't part of the counter culture, despite what a lot of them want to believe.  The statement itself is an expression of the generation gap, which still exists today, though in different form.
The failures of the boomers isn't that the counter-culture miss-trusted the more conservative older generation.  It's that they became far more conservative as they got older.  Started listening to Rush Limbaugh, cut taxes, cut funding to schools, and built up big debt.
@_date: 2014-06-03 03:39:53
You make the assumption people have the ability to discern actual trustworthy people from untrustworthy people.  
Determining trust is a cognitive process.  (And I say cognitive to distinguish it from an intellectual process).  It's a kind of intelligence, but most certainly not really measured by IQ.  
Now, I'm going out on a limb a little and going to guess that this ability falls on a bell curve, just like any other natural ability.  So a lot of people are just going to be really bad at telling the fakers from the non-fakers.  That's particularly clouded when love and sex come into play.
@_date: 2014-06-09 01:42:24
If you want privacy, install a tracking blocker like ghostery.  The truth is most people don't really care about that kind of thing.  Cookies serve a necessary purpose and aren't just used for tracking.  How do you think you're staying logged into reddit?
I don't disagree with you that privacy is certainly violated by cookies.  But cookies provide an extremely valuable tool to maintain logins across sessions.  Without cookies, the web would be far less usable.
I think if we want people to do something about the 51% problem, we need a tangible example of what can happen in this situation.  There's a lot of back and forth about whether the 51% problem is a big, big problem or not.  It's hard for people who aren't intimately familiar with the protocol the understand who's right and who's wrong.  
There seems to be a test network set up somwhere.  Why not get 51% control of the test network, and do the worst thing you can possibly think of, over and over?  
@_date: 2014-06-03 03:44:20
What was the woman like?  She sounds like someone with a complete lack of compassion.  I'm sure there's some deep character flaw in here somewhere that isn't hard to see.
@_date: 2014-05-11 18:03:39
You might have taught your nephew a valuable lesson without even knowing it.  
BTC was trading for around $13 in Dec 2012.  Had he kept half of it, he'd have $1000 right now.  But he wasn't responsible with it, and lost it.  That's a big loss, and if BTC eventually becomes popular he might eventually come to associate that big loss of BTC with not being careful with money.
A lot of investors are panic driven, and don't hold on for the long term.  They see news stories about something dropping in value, and follow the herd.  That's generally a bad strategy.  Perhaps an early experience where that strategy was disasterous will instill in him values to hold out for the long term, but also cautious (i.e. bitfloor fiasco).
Also telling him to simply "spend it" is bad advice.  Better advice would be to spend part of it, and save part of it.  That way he gets the benefit of seeing how easy it is to spend BTC, AND the benefit of owning something that may increase significantly in value.
In other words, diversify your life lessons as you never know which one is going to pan out.
@_date: 2014-10-28 07:18:09
It may be a popular personal finance website, but it's not a very good one.
The first thing on the website is about "the best credit cards".  There's nothing wrong with credit cards if you use them wisely, but most people don't, so I don't think pushing credit cards is particularly good advice.
The second thing I noticed is the site advocates Money Market accounts as a "good investment".  The site says MMAs offer .38% interest, and that's "good".  MMAs are really poor investments right now, and carry non-zero risk as some aren't FDIC insured.
You'd be smarter going with a high interest savings account, that currently pay around 1%.  That's still a pretty bad return, but it's a lot better than a MMA return.  The personal finance site I've heard of before, getrichslowly also has an article on MMAs, but mentions high interest savings accounts along with it  (It's equally filled with ads).  This is VERY basic stuff.
 
My guess is all these articles are little more than paid advertisements for financial institutions.  You can see credit card companies advertising on the site, which is an obvious conflict of interest.
So while it's great someone is educating more mainstream users about bitcoin, I can't say this is a really great personal finance site.  When the first two things I read are marginal, or bad advice, that's a bad sign.
@_date: 2014-04-26 17:39:00
The wikipedia article has some details about him.  
It's not very encouraging.  He looks like someone leaping from "big thing to big thing".  Leaving after the company implodes.  Most recently he ran a virtual gaming currency exchange from 2001 to 2007 where he was sued by his former founding business partnet (and lost).  He was eventually forced out.
He associates with some skeevy people.  In 2002 he was friends with a guy who was arrested charges of sex with a 13 year old.  Brock was arrested in Spain along with his skeevy friend.  Brock himself wasn't charged with anything, but travelling around with your friend and a 13 year old girl who's unrelated to them is kinda shady and weird.  
(His friend later plead guilty to luring 5 minors across state lines to have sex with them, so this isn't just hearsay).
That was when he was Executive VP of DEN, 
Another dot com that classically imploded during that time period.
So no, this guy doesn't have a good reputation.  And that's only about 20 minutes of research on Wikipedia (And yes, I did follow the referenced articles).
@_date: 2014-05-11 19:04:17
Except it's true.  Ignore,laugh,fight,win is a repeatable pattern in change.  The mistake is thinking everyone gets to the winning stage.  Obviously (and thankfully, really) everyone doesn't.
I don't know if bitcoin will get to the winning stage, but I've seen it go through the ignore, laugh, and now onto the fight stage.  20 years ago I saw Linux start at the ignore stage, go through laugh, fight, and now quite obviously win.  People DID use that meme quite voraciously when the laughing stopped.  
You're right though that it's a meme that's become over-used and virtually meaningless.  The point though isn't really that "we're going to win", it's that fighting is just a normal stage in change and not a step backwards like you might expect.
@_date: 2014-04-04 02:54:52
You want me to create an account before I even know if this thing works, available in my area, how it really even works, what pizza places you serve, how much it costs, etc.
Wow, that's a LOT of work just to get a damn pizza, which I have no idea if you even have some kind of agreement with my local pizza place.  You essentially have no explanation of anything before you want me to..  yes, create yet another freaking account.  
It's easier for me to just pick up the phone.
So I'm going to vote no, don't accept bitcoin until you've figured out your user experience.  Bitcoin is a distraction at this point.  When I can order a hard drive faster and easier than ordering a pizza pie, you've got a problem.
@_date: 2014-06-08 03:22:44
20/20 hindsight.  The point is that there's high risk in being paid in any currency, and having costs in another currency.  
@_date: 2014-05-11 16:10:01
Umm..  if you have to pick out countries like Nigeria, North Korea, Iraq and Mexico to make the US look "good", I think we have a problem.
@_date: 2014-06-08 22:41:38
I get it.  You're a troll.  Exit stage left.
@_date: 2014-07-17 00:08:21
I want a hamburger. No, cheeseburger. I want a hot dog. I want a milkshake. I want potato chips .
@_date: 2014-11-16 17:27:57


You're assuming rational people with critical thinking skills are reading the BS, AND the response to the BS.  That's often not the case.
Here's a case in point.  A number of years ago, mega-idiot Jenny Mccarthy went on an anti-vax campaign to spread the idea that vaccines cause autism.  A claim that's  been researched to death, and proven to be utter bullshit.  
So Jenny McCarthy can spew out some bullshit very cheaply.  Refuting her BS takes a HUGE amount of effort because she has a big megaphone to speak with, and a receptive audience who doesn't listen to science or reason because they've insulated themselves from these things.
Bullshit falls more into a disease model, and I believe that's what the quote is about.  With receptive hosts, bullshit can spread very easily, and be hard to cure.
@_date: 2015-05-24 18:34:03


Gg fny sh xingdng bcu de (yl). Chngsh fny de wnbn kui, rnhu zi zhunhun huli.
Google translation is quite good (entertainment). Attempt to block the translation of text, and then convert it back.
@_date: 2014-10-05 15:09:58


I was around in 1985.  I can confidently tell you that the majority of people had no idea what a spreadsheet was in 1985.  In 2014, it's still a business tool, and most people don't care about it.
I didn't care about spreadsheets in 1985, and largely still don't.  What I DID do in 1985, and one of my major uses of computing was bulletin board systems.  The vast majority of people didn't understand the value of that in 1985 either, but here we are today nearly 30 years later and you're a freak if you DON'T see the value in some form of internet communication.
So the point being, whether or not the applications of a new technology already exist, and are obvious to some percentage of the popuation doesn't matter.  It takes time for ideas to spread, and for the most part that spreads through person to person exposure.  World wide networks didn't really take off for the average person until it became easy enough to use for the average person (i.e. the web).  
When that happened, the average person could hear from their friend about how they got some great deal on airline tickets, or bought some inexpensive treasure on ebay, or communicate with their relatives over email.  The first killer application of the internet was really just simple email.  
@_date: 2014-10-25 04:23:55


And that's exactly my point.  Nobody knew what the price would be 4 months ago.  Bruce made a prediction, it's important that people who make predictions have to answer to them.  Otherwise we get people who make "lucky guesses" look like geniuses.  
What winds up happening most of the time is people make a prediction far enough into the future that nobody bothers to check up on it unless it actually DOES come true.  I'm here to call Bruce on his prediction.  It could still come true at this point, but the price seems a bit unlikely to rise 10x in a little less than 2 months.
2 months also gives Bruce a chance to say he was wrong and still save some face.  There's nothing wrong with that.
@_date: 2014-05-13 03:59:47
I think the reality is that bitcoin is a novelty at this point, and only a few people have some.  It's like someone giving you a few pennies of a foreign currency.
@_date: 2014-04-08 02:05:04
I believe you're  referring to "InternetDVDRentals.com".  
@_date: 2014-07-03 00:16:00


That's a large negative IMO.  It's a crazy idea that'll never happen.  The fact that he's promoting it and doesn't realize how crazy and impractical it is isn't a good sign. 
@_date: 2014-04-27 01:57:39
Shady like this:
Also the Brock plan includes waiting an entire year to get your Bitcoin back, for no real reason.
@_date: 2014-06-06 04:55:54
It's a combination of the Mt. Gox panic wearing off, and people realizing that gox!= bitcoin, and the daily good news of various institutions starting to accept payment in bitcoin.
I actually had a co-worker that told me he thought bitcoin lost all its value.  He was surprised when I told him it dropped by around half from its peek, but hadn't imploded.  (I think he was confusing the Mt. Gox blowup with bitcoin itself).
People panic in markets, and the panic drives more panic.  Panic is an emotion, and emotions calm down after a while.  
@_date: 2014-04-27 04:37:11
Can you please provide a reference as to why you think that liquidation will provide "almost nothing, guaranteed"?  There seems to be a LOT of FUD going around, with nobody providing any real information sources. 
The solution to fear is knowledge, not continued ignorance.
@_date: 2014-06-02 03:32:50
That's an exchange rate, not a competition.  The fact that the exchange rate varies doesn't mean one is competing with another.  
I have some Euros, I have some dollars.  They both serve different purposes.  I also exchange dollars for food.  Do dollars compete with food then?  If you think an exchange of one item for another item is a competition, I can't help you.
@_date: 2014-09-17 03:43:13


It's far more likely to happen for prepaid cards.  Since they're a form of cash they're easier to sell.  
What does your store make on these prepaid cards?  Since they're an obvious fraud item, why not consider just not selling them?
@_date: 2014-06-08 06:25:41
Exactly.  Richard Feynman said "I'm smart enough to know I'm dumb".  Which essentially means he thought he could be fooled, at least for a little while.  If you don't think you can ever be fooled, you're an easy mark since you'll always figure out a way how you can't be fooled.  Clever people are really good at self deception.
Feynman was talking about all these smart physicists that were duped by Uri Geller, the charlatan "mentalist" who bent spoons and did other woo woo horseshit way back in the 70s.  But the principle is the same.
@_date: 2014-06-08 07:14:56
Really?  So you think that skimming attacks, where someone puts a specialized electronic device on a gas station credit card machine, ATM, or other publicly accessible card scanning device..  just might be upwards of 95% conducted on friends, family members, or friends of friends of the person running the scam?
Really?  
@_date: 2014-04-27 06:24:48
Oh I wouldn't doubt that's exactly how any country would treat it.  You can't "own" a commodity unless you somehow differentiate it from all the other commodities (like your engraved serial numbers).  That's what commodity means, a resource that's the same like grain or oil.  
The problem around here seems to be that people are being misled about the bankruptcy, and are still in panic mode.  The information vacuum leads to that kind of panic, so proving real, verifiable information is the only cure for that.
Now, some people won't be convinced, and will insulate themselves from anything that contradicts what they already believe.  Those people are lost, and the best anyone can do is provide hard facts so the rest of the population isn't infected with their disease.
So thanks again for providing real, verifiable information.
@_date: 2014-12-25 16:21:04


                                                 
Do you think Warren Buffet, who famously stays away from tech is going to have analyst that understand tech? Since Buffet is ALREADY biased against tech, even if an analyst thought it was a good investment, do you think the analyst is going to even bother mentioning it?
Buffet is obviously very successful, but bitcoin is the last thing I'd listen to him for advice, especially after he compared it to a check.  It's as if he said the internet can't succeed because the mail system is a really successful way of transmitting information.  
@_date: 2014-04-29 03:27:12


So in other words, it's not a settlement.  If the members of the lawsuit get nothing more than anyone else, why would you accept the settlement?
i.e.  You'll agree to a plan from Sunlot that hasn't even been defined yet, and sunlot will give you nothing for it that isn't going to anyone else.
Pretty shitty deal.
@_date: 2014-05-20 02:09:17
Yeah, I read the NYT article that has a similar story.  When they don't prosecute unless they have a confession, or a 99.8% chance of conviction, it doesn't take that much dedication to continually say "I didn't do it".  
That's not to say that this kind of technique doesn't imprison a lot of innocent victims, but I sure as hell wouldn't bet on Karpeles confessing in a mere 3 weeks of imprisonment.  
@_date: 2014-06-01 01:02:20
Maybe something more than $40?, or more than around a millionth of the total doge in existence?
You changed your mind because the price of doge is falling, and the price of BTC is rising.  The dollars are relevant because large amounts of doge dumped will tend to lower the price, as well as if a large percentage is dumped.  Since neither of these are true, It's not really noteworthy.
I don't know which, if any of the alt-coins will succeed, and nobody else does either.  You'd probably have been wiser to just hang onto the $40 worth of doge.  Or maybe sell half the doge for BTC.  Then you're diversified, which is generally a wise move when there's high risk like with a cryptocurrency.
But you didn't do either of these, you're treating it like it's a football game, and you're coming over to the big popular team after your team hasn't won any games lately.  This isn't a football game, and it's not a competition any more than the USD competes with the EUR.
@_date: 2016-01-02 02:19:08
The devs?
I think you're misunderstanding.  Bitcoin isn't software where software developers are "in charge".  Its like a democracy where the miners vote on what bitcoin is.  More processing power gives you more votes.  Anyone can make suggestions about what they want bitcoin to become, but ultimately what bitcoin is is just a consensus.
@_date: 2015-05-24 17:11:38
OkCoin, you obviously have NO IDEA how to handle public relations.  There's a reason why corporations try to remain silent about any lawsuits and disputes against it.  That reason is that you can only hurt yourself more through big public releases.  You're only CALLING ATTENTION to the dispute, and giving it more merit, not less.  Yesterday I saw the post here and thought "I don't know if this was made up or real".  Now I know it's very real, and the basic facts posted by Roger appear to be completely true.
The fact that you don't even know this very basic fact gives me great concern over ever dealing with OkCoin.  The fact that you didn't even have legal representatives that put your legal name on a legal document is telling that you don't know what you're doing.
Wake up OkCoin.  Quitely reach a settlement with this guy, and it'll all be over.  People have short memories.  That's by far the best way to repair your reputation.  A 20,000 contest is a circus.  Do you want to be a circus act company?
@_date: 2014-09-03 03:36:48
Super advanced futuristic technology can't make 1=2.  Just like it can't make information appear that doesn't exist.
@_date: 2015-01-20 03:18:12
I see..  so major corporations like Target weren't on the web because some little pipsqueak company prevented them from getting a domain.  So instead of choosing another name, or paying the squatter off, or just suing him into obivion,Target just chose to sit on their hands for 2 years.  But yet they were really serious about the web.
@_date: 2015-01-19 04:35:11


No they don't.  But neither of the people I picked are exactly cranks.  Cliff Stoll, while an idiot, was famous for catching KGB paid spies who broke into his computer in 1985.  Robert Metcalf invented ethernet.
I personally don't have much respect for either of them, but people listened to them in 1995.  I didn't, but I knew better.
I was around in 1995. People were very skeptical of the internet in 1995.  Cliff Stolls article was a laughstock less than 10 years after he published it.  It's widely poked fun at as a naive idea from an old fogey.  I'm not sure why you keep talking about the end of the internet, since I never mentioned that.  I only mentioned many people were quite skeptical of it in the 90s, and the articles I quote above reflect that.
I'm not sure why you have this idea that the Internet was just all well accepted in 1995.  For those of us that were there it was obvious it wasn't.
@_date: 2015-01-19 04:51:02
What?  You're saying that a book whose first page is a cartoon, and has chapter titles like "how the federal reserve operates as the US Governments partner in crime" might be overly simplstic and biased? 
Say it ain't so albacore futures!
@_date: 2016-03-26 18:36:54


 I'm telling people to follow the law.  I wouldn't have thought that was so controversial!  It's a bit shocking you think breaking the law, and under-reporting your income is acceptable.  I find your general attitude of "Do whatever you can get away with" morally reprehensible. 
@_date: 2015-01-23 03:24:23


Why does it defy belief?  The logs they're reading were from Ross's OWN computer.  Ross made really stupid mistakes.  People think of him as some master criminal, but really he's just some kid with no criminal background that was naive.
He made dumb mistakes, but he also got caught.  It's the dumb criminals that are far more likely to get caught.  
@_date: 2015-05-24 17:35:02
You need to tell your bosses that this contest is a freaking disaster.  The more attention you draw to it, the deeper the hole you dig.  There's no winning here, only more losing.
@_date: 2015-01-19 01:01:03


Ha! The skepticism was never about it being here to stay or not, it was about it being useful to anyone but nerds, scaling, or having real commerce.  There were PLENTY of people who were skeptical of widespread internet adoption.  Here's just a few choice articles.  The best is by that moron Cliff Stoll.






 &gt;"I predict the Internet will soon go spectacularly supernova and in 1996 catastrophically collapse."






I can't find the article, but I recall an article by someone in the 90s printed in the NYT claiming nobody will ever be bothered to buy plane tickets on the internet.
@_date: 2015-01-20 00:44:36
Apparently we had very different experiences in 1995, or one of us has a poor memory.  Based upon the articles I've been able to find, it looks like many people didn't believe the internet was a game changer.  Maybe you didn't hang around in naysayer circles back then, but as you can see from just a cursory search from that period, they existed in high numbers.


An interesting claim.  One that's actually VERY easy to go back and look at the whois records.  Is Target a major company?  They didn't even register target.com until 1997.
Domain Name: target.com
Registry Domain ID: 117595_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.corporatedomains.com
Registrar URL: 
Updated Date: 2013-11-27 04:46:07 -0500
Creation Date: 1997-01-02 00:00:00 -0500
Someone was squatting on their domain in 1996, which you can easily check via the wayback machine:
You may want to go back and check your memory.  Target was the 2nd site I checked, after CocaCola, so it's not like I went at did some exhaustive search for big companies that totally ignored the web in the mid 90s.
The point wasn't really to pick out a certain year, and say boom, that's where bitcoin is.  The point was that there were a ton of naysayers with internet technology not that long ago, and they were disastrously wrong.  1995 is just a focal point because the internet was popular enough to have articles appear about it that I can find easily that look stupid now.
@_date: 2016-01-02 02:01:59


Yes.  But it's more than that of course.  Essentially the system was set up to fail.  It's a systemic problem, and can't be described as one single actor causing it.  Essentially everyone did the job they thought they were supposed to do, and it lead to a collapse.  
Fundamentally the incentives were all wrong.  One small example, the ratings agency who was supposed to understand the bonds and rate them appropriately had a massive conflict of interest since they were hired by the bond sellers.  If they gave an HONEST rating of the bond, the bond sellers would just hire someone else.  So instead they rated these utter shit bonds with AAA ratings.  
But you're absolutely right, that the failure can happen no matter what currency you're using and has nothing to do with Fiat currency.
@_date: 2016-03-31 22:33:41
I believe the appropriate response to your post is (and I have studied this extensively over the years):
"Up Yours".
Thank you.
@_date: 2015-01-18 18:35:37
I believe you're misunderstanding the point of the chart.  The chart is designed to show that over the period of many years, the price has gone up dramatically, and somewhat stabilized compared to past gains.  
A lot of people here believe in bitcoin in the long term.  Long term meaning at least 5-10 years.  Bitcoin is still very much in early stages, like where the internet was in the mid 90s.  There were many skeptics of the internet and websites in 1999 as well.  Then the dot bomb happened, and a lot of shitty websites like pets.com went out of business, and the naysayers all laughed and cackled.  The naysayers were right and wrong.  There were a lot of stupid businesses doing stupid shit that wouldn't make money.  But they were also wrong, and here we are in 2015 with Netflix, Amazon, and Ebay and Google as hugely profitable companies.
Does that mean bitcoin is destined to succeed?  No, obviously not.   It may turn out to be like MySpace.  An early success that's eclipsed later by better competitors.  But social media lived on, even though MySpace is a joke.
@_date: 2014-05-11 16:36:56
I'm sorry, but I don't agree.
Bitcoin is at the point where a lot of people don't know about it, and will be heavily influenced by whatever they hear in the media.  If bitcoin and terrorism, or bitcoin and drugs start to appear in most sentences in the media stories, people will start associating the two together.
That initial information will create what's called [anchoring]( in social science.  Anchoring is when a strong cognitive bias is created on a first piece of information that someone gets.  It's very difficult to break that first association.  So if the Mastercard lobbyists are successful, people will get the impression that bitcoin=terrorists, or bitcoin=drugs.  That's bad.
If you want to fight the Mastercard lobbyists who want to create negative associations with bitcoin in the media, you need to do whatever you can to create positive associations with bitcoin in the media.  That doesn't necessarily mean lobbyists,but it does mean interacting with people, not further technology.
At this point, bitcoin is about the public, not furthering technology.
@_date: 2016-01-06 01:13:10


A bit of an extreme attitude.  But I will say we all know the future with some degree of accuracy.  I predict that tomorrow:
The sun will rise.
People will eat food.
People will drink water.
Someone will fart.
At least 2 people will be born.
Let's see if I turn out to be right.  They're some pretty risky predictions.
@_date: 2016-03-25 00:12:42


I don't think anyone really does for a small amount of money, primarily because who tracks what they bought a car for?  But technically you do, and surprisingly there doesn't seem to be a reporting limit.
@_date: 2016-03-26 14:49:17
A disclaimer?  That's put in by lawyers who fear lawsuits.  It doesn't invalidate the truth that if you make enough money from a rise in bitcoin price, you have to report it.  
How much money?  I have no idea.  But what you're saying is just absolutely false.
@_date: 2016-01-02 02:11:36
If you ever want to own a home, yeah you do have to take on debt.  Unless you're somehow independently wealthy of course.  
The point is, people are willing to take on debt because it often times makes sense.  If owning and paying a mortgage is cheaper than renting, and you want to make a longer term commitment, then taking on housing debt makes financial sense. 
@_date: 2016-01-02 04:20:09


It IS a big deal, because the re-packaging (synthetic CDO) just sold the shitty loans to other parties.  That makes it spread to more and more parties.  
@_date: 2016-01-15 23:56:29
WTF?  It's all a big conspiracy?  This post itself is one of the biggest problems with this sub.  Someone posts about what he thinks are legitimate concerns.  And the response is "He's part of the enemies!!"
Wow.  This community has more problems than I ever imagined.  It's like bitcoin got taken over by the same idiots that support Donald Trump.
@_date: 2016-01-16 20:15:01
How, exactly does bitcoin eliminate banks?  Banks exist because people want a safe place to store their money, and because people want to borrow money.
Bitcoin is actually EASIER to steal than cash, so people will have an even greater need for a safe place to store it.  Many, many people get their computer broken into. 
Bitcoin most certainly doesn't eliminate the need for loans.  
It's remained a mystery why everyone on this sub thinks "Bitcoin = replacement for entire financial system".  That's just nonsense, and obviously not true.
Now...  bitcoin IS a replacement for transmitting money without fees.  So it competes with credit cards, it competes with moneygram, and any service where you want to send money from one party to another.
@_date: 2016-06-08 19:57:16
The summary is wrong.  Tor would NOT become illegal.
It's still not good.  It essentially allows the government to get a warrant to inject malware into Tor via hacking.
But no, using Tor itself would NOT become illegal.  You can't suddenly make Tor use illegal.
@_date: 2015-08-02 06:10:33
Holy shit.  Under 2K a month?  In the US that's less than a secretary wage, and Tokyo isn't a cheap city.
How could you get people to work for so little?  What did these people do that paid such a low wage?
@_date: 2015-08-06 05:52:20
Well, I'm going to disagree with you here.  There's a more general statement to make.
If you don't sell, you think that by not selling you'll make more money in the future.
Now, you may say "well that's the same thing!".  Except for external things outside of the price of bitcoin.  The easiest to understand is taxes.  In the US bitcoin is subject to capital gains tax.  If you hold bitcoin for more than a year and sell it, you're subject to long term capital gains taxes at 0, 15, or 20%.  If you hold it for LESS than a year, you're subject to short term capital gains taxes that's the same as your regular income tax rate.
So there's other advantages to holding onto bitcoin for a longer period of time other than just hoping the price goes up.
@_date: 2015-08-02 16:58:09
Your post reads like a typical Fox "News" style hatchet job where you imply that he did something wrong.
The facts are that he was under NDA at the time.  Would you really do anything differently?
@_date: 2015-08-02 17:58:54
Kinda too late for that.  Thread saved and archived by me, and likely dozens of others.  This is just way too important to be deleted.
@_date: 2015-08-02 18:30:00
I think you're kind of missing the point here.  You're talking about a code repository.  The OP is talking about a SQL database.  Big difference.  
@_date: 2015-08-02 06:27:39
That's a very European attitude towards the world.  In Europe you're not allowed to re-invent yourself.  In the US it's almost encouraged.  That includes just suddenly taking a different name than your given name.  People do it all the time.  They go by their middle name, or make up some name they prefer.  I know at least 3 people that go by a different name than their given name.
Sure, it says something different on your ID, but who ever sees your ID?
Personally I think it's really strange that in many or most EU countries it's not even legal to change your name!  Why should you be stuck with some name you were given?
@_date: 2015-08-02 06:32:47
Mark has previously claimed (directly to me when asked) that Gox didn't do any account reconciliation because they didn't have the manpower or money.  Is that in any way true, or just a complete fabrication on his part? 
Direct quote from Mark:


@_date: 2015-08-02 06:14:37
The Japanese justice system don't charge people they don't have an airtight case against.  




@_date: 2015-07-29 06:18:52
Ever heard of Dwolla?  They have a flat rate payment scheme starting at free.  The second tier is .25 a transaction.
Transferwise is an international payment network that's also very cheap.  Paypal only is able to have high fees because they enjoy a monopoly right now for small businesses that don't have the scale to accept CCs.  
CC fees are high because there's really only 2 major players in the market.  3 if you count AMEX.  A small number of competitors is an [oligopoly]( and doesn't function well to reduce prices for consumers. 
Bitcoin obviously produces enormous competition since anyone could suddenly be a payment processor instead of just a bank connecting through the visa or mastercard network.
To many people here are focused on the currency part of bitcoin, and not the network aspect.  Bitcoin is hugely disruptive of these money transfer networks.  The only thing missing is more worldwide infra-structure to move traditional currencies &lt;-&gt; bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-07-14 03:02:21


Can you back this up in some way?  People make wild claims about bitcoin price, but rarely do they back it up with anything.  What are the fundamentals you're using here to justify this opinion?
@_date: 2015-07-25 01:29:01
He's right.  It's totally crazy.  It _could_ happen, in the same sense that Donald Trump could be elected president.
@_date: 2015-08-03 03:29:18
It still doesn't matter.  The job of  a code repository is completely different from the job of a place to store code that's actually executing.  You're comparing apples/oranges.
The point is, why would you store all your code for execution in a SQL database?  It's not really structured data, and you'd never want to run queries on it.  
Generally that's just..  weird, and extremely non-standard.  Non-standard makes it very difficult to make work with everyone elses tools.  How are you going to to revision control or instance?  How do you deploy builds?  What if you wanted to do continuous integration, how are your tools going to work?
People are laughing at this idea because it's just strange, and has little reason to store code in a database.
@_date: 2015-07-09 13:37:56
No, He stages a contest where you have to guess the price of gold.  How many people know that?  He sort of sounds like a tool who makes videos to make himself look smart and others stupid.
@_date: 2016-02-15 16:55:18
It's not really an approximation, it's lowering the accuracy of the calculation and gaining efficiency in power usage.  
So 99% of the time the calculation is correct.  1% of the time you make an error.  That's an absolutely terrible error rate for normal computations where every calculation matters.  But it's fine for mining bitcoin since you only need to double-check any calculation where you find a coin.  Double checking costs processing power, but finding a coin is rare, so double-checking is going to be rare.
It wouldn't work for a spreadsheet for instance since every calculation is critical, so processor are designed to have very low error rates.
@_date: 2015-04-17 04:05:09


Someone who disagrees with your position, and thinks a fringe group exhibits crazy behaviour is different from a troll.  A troll is someone who simply wants to disturb others for the sake of disturbing others.  I'll fully admit calling libertarians nutso isn't nice.  I just happen to think it's true.
Also, please understand that bitcoin is NOT a libertarian ideal.  It's an exchange medium for value.  I find it very unfortunate that the libertarians seem to have overtaken the discussion on bitcoin, and believe that's a net negative and will dissuade people from using it.  Bitcoin is as libertarian as cash is.
@_date: 2015-04-17 05:15:40


That's already happened.  6 years ago there were a handful of hardcore geeks interested in it, and now there's serious analysis of bitcoin in Forbes by real analysts.  Bitcoin has already passed through the stages of innovators, and we're now in the "early adopters" phase.  
In terms of the PC revolution, we're past the homebrew computer club, and into the early Apple II era, but still waiting for the "killer app" (in this case it was visicalc) that took the PC revolution into changing the world.  Nobody really thought much of the PC until the spreadsheet was invented, and people figured out having computing power in their own hands in a form that was understandable by non-programmers was incredibly powerful.  Even then it took until the internet for the mainstream audience to care about computing.
Recall that the PC revolution took 25 years to get into the mainstream.  That doesn't mean bitcoin will take that long, but patience is needed.
@_date: 2015-04-18 14:28:49
Yes, I agree.  Bitcoin will be as regulated as cash is.  And cash is already regulated.  For instance, In the US you aren't allowed to bring more than 10,000 into the country without reporting it.  That's regulation.  
You seem to be mistaking difficulty of enforcement with regulation.  I assure you the two are very different.
@_date: 2015-04-18 04:18:30
I didn't say fringe belief was "bad" merely that it was fringe.  Mainstream isn't good either.
I will say that MOST fringe beliefs aren't correct, and they should be viewed with skepticism until shown otherwise.  Mainstream beliefs are mainstream because people in the past have survived because of them.  The world is currently changing more than it ever has, so mainstream beliefs are changing faster than ever as well.
@_date: 2015-04-18 04:34:07


I'm not sure what you're asking.  How about this:
Bitcoin is used by a majority of people, and regulations are in place over it's use by governments.
What, you want something specific?  I'm not going to give you that because it's too early to tell, but I will say that bitcoin is ALREADY sold on regulated exchanges.   People LIKE that because it means they're less likely to get ripped off by some scumbag or idiot like Karpeles.  You think if simple procedures were in place at Gox to control and monitor funds in cold storage wallets  they would have lost hundreds of millions of dollars?
People here seem to have confused bitcoin with the wild-wild west.  If bitcoin is used by a majority of people, regulation will follow.  That's simply the way the world works.
@_date: 2015-04-24 23:29:03


Sure, and Silkroad had hundreds of vendors in it, but yet Ross Ulbricht and several vendors are sitting in the pokey and going to be there for many, many years.  Legality matters.  
@_date: 2015-04-18 04:22:44




I find that unfortunate because I think it's a valid point.  In the late 1970s PCs were a solution in search of a problem.  I see unbridled optimism here as a big, big problem.  If you think bitcoin is perfect, or doesn't have problems (and in reality it really does), then you're not going to be terribly motivated to address those problems.  Positivism is just as big a problem as negativism.
@_date: 2015-04-24 02:58:44
It's a great idea, except for the fact that you'd be running an illegal lottery.  
This would be illegal in every US State:
What is an Illegal Lottery?
A lottery includes three things: (1) chance, (2) prize, (3) and consideration.  To successfully run a contest or sweepstakes and not an illegal lottery, you must eliminate one of these factors.  A contest, for example, eliminates chance and a sweepstakes eliminates consideration (typically an entry fee).  You must be careful, however, that you are actually eliminating one of the three factors.
I'm guessing this would also be illegal in most countries.
@_date: 2015-04-19 01:04:45


I think asking what something is useful for is a valid question.  When electricity was discovered in the late 1700s it was just a strange curiosity.  A parlor trick, and an amusement.  Asking "what can we do with this", and receiving no reply was a valid criticism then.  It's much like the Higgs Boson that was recently found a few years ago.  What use is it?  Maybe nothing, but maybe as important as the electron.
A solution in search of a problem isn't a bad thing.  It's how all change starts, really.  Most change starts with "hey, that's interesting" and leads to something nobody could ever have predicted.  Rarely does change come from someone inventing something expressly for the purpose it was intended for.  The internet was invented to share supercomputer time, but yet here we are 40 years later and it's sprouted an entirely different world.
This is what James Burke was talking about in his seminal BBC series Connections.  Too often we think of change being a linear process, and it's anything but.
@_date: 2015-04-17 02:42:47
Yup.  My thoughts exactly.  I read this sub now and again, and there seems to be an enormous amount of libertarians in it with an axe to grind.  Merely disagreeing with this sentiment, and thinking perhaps that bitcoin will work along side other methods of payments, or that government isn't the root of all evil is considered heresy by a large many people here.
Essentially, there's a lot of people with fringe beliefs here, and simply advocating a more mainstream idea of reality will get you downvoted, and rejected as a valid point.
@_date: 2015-04-19 22:06:07
I guess I don't really understand what you're saying then, if referencing the example you used isn't valid.
If you don't like tone of comments, I guess that's one thing.  But to ignore a valid criticism just because you don't like the tone is kidding yourself.  Does 7 transactions a second limit bitcoin significantly?  I don't know, but it's a valid question.
@_date: 2015-04-17 03:03:56


And that's considered "bad"?  Seriously?  Any new idea is going to have critics.  Anything that challenges establishment ideas is going to have people that disagree.  The fact that this sub isn't just a circle-jerk of "true believers" is a HEALTHY thing, not something to bemoan.  Quite frankly, it's a natural cycle.   I'd be far more concerned if this sub continued to be filled with "me too it's grrreeeaaat!" kind of posts, and nutso libertarian ideals.  If you want bitcoin to suceed, it has to move out of the true believer stage and be used by people without an ideology to defend.
I'm sure people will downvote me simply because I'm not towing the party line of libertarian, blah blah blah.  Go ahead.
@_date: 2015-04-24 23:26:39
It's pretty hard for me to see this as a game of skill like touch the truck.  Also, "touch the truck" is normally a promotional event, and has no entrance fee.
At best, it's gambling, which is also regulated most places.  Poker is clearly a game with a lot of skill involved, and specific rules apply to it:
@_date: 2015-04-18 04:23:40
How is my "mainstream" reality collapsing all around me?
@_date: 2015-11-28 15:01:01
You seem to have some kind of chip on your shoulder.  I never said you were poor and uneducated, but you did most certainly take a graph out of context and point to it as if it were proof of something with no further explanation.  You're trying to push the fear response, which is a big no-no in my book.
The doubling of the M2 money supply since 2001 (15 years) is the same reason it's not a problem doubling from 1986 to 2001.  The economy has increased, and therefore the demand for money has increased.  
In any case, the theory of what happens is less important than the experimental results.  You can clearly see the money supply has been increasing for quite a long time.  Why is it all of a sudden that the USD is going to suddenly collapse?  
The right has been pushing this idea for a while now, primarily because Obama is in office and it overlaps with the idea that "whatever the Obama administration does is wrong".  This is the current right wing ideology of anyone even slightly to the left of them being "the enemy".  Since they're "the enemy", they just have to be wrong about everything, because if they were right, then you'd be agreeing with the bad guy.
@_date: 2015-11-28 00:33:15
A graph taken out of context means nothing.  
Also, the Euro is far more relevant a picture of the USD since Europe is far more comparable to the US than Argentina.
I would encourage you to learn more about the money supply.  The graph you pointed to is the "monetary base", but is only a portion of the USD money supply.  A more accurate view of the increasing money supply is at the [wikipedia page]( which does not show the drastic picture you paint.
@_date: 2016-05-20 04:08:31
Here's what Mark replied with almost a year ago when I asked about reconcilliation.  The explanation about not knowing the cold storage addresses is really, really weird.  Either Mark is lying, MtGox had really shitty experts (the RNG stuff is totally bogus), or a combination of the two.  








@_date: 2015-11-27 17:09:15
It may not be as surprising as you think.  There's a current right-wing thread going around that thinks the US economy is about to collapse.  There's another related thread that the USD is going to suddenly collapse because a lot of USD was injected into the economy.  It's kind of a strange idea, given that the USD is the strongest against the EUR for more than 10 years.
@_date: 2015-02-04 04:18:50
Anyone can speculate on anything they like, and OJ trial was a perfect opportunity for anyone to say whatever they pleased. The 24 hour news stations do this bullshit all the time with no basis other than entertainment.  It's still a ridiculous idea that 12 people thought murder shouldn't be illegal, or was justified in this case.  What you, and the speculators are doing is re-defining the word jury nullification to mean something entirely different.
@_date: 2015-02-19 14:59:54
Why do you need the post?  You've got the essence of what it said.  I remember the post as well, and it's certainly plausible.  It's also plausible that the market was artificially manipulated and the cash it sold the bitcoin for was never backed by real cash in banks.
It's a good counter-point to the conspiracy theories, but without real proof of real investigations we don't know if either theory comes close to the truth.
@_date: 2015-02-19 15:04:32


This smacks as some sort of rich worship.  The rich aren't any smarter than anyone else, they just have more money.  If you have a lot of money you have a much larger percentage of your wealth to take risks with.  I assure you there's plenty of incredibly stupid, very wealthy people that'll be more than willing to piss away millions of dollars on stupid things. 
Remember the word Whale is also used in gambling.  You think it's a really smart move to blow hundreds of thousands of dollars gambling in Las Vegas?  People do it all the time.
@_date: 2015-02-04 02:14:54
That's not jury nullification.  Jury nullification is where you believe the person is guilty, but believe the law is wrong or unjust.  There's no way anyone on the OJ trial thought that murdering two innocent people shouldn't be a crime.


@_date: 2015-02-20 08:34:26
What's the evidence there was market manipulation?  The Willy report?  That's a plausible theory, but certainly not proven.
@_date: 2015-02-07 14:06:29
So you're giving away about $.02 to everyone?  No thank you.
@_date: 2015-02-05 06:04:43


Speaking generally, that's exactly what happened during slavery, and people were convicted of violating fugitive slave laws.  Do you think people should go to jail for violating an unjust law?
Now, I don't think Ulbricht is really comparable to anyone running an underground railroad.  I'm not a drug prohibitionist, but I personally I believe he's a lot closer to Walter White than Harriet Tubman. And believe the murder for hire charges against him.  
The underlying point is that people showing up in support of him aren't acting in a contradictory manner like you're saying.