@_author: penteke
@_date: 2017-02-24 07:36:37
When they say "Practically impossible" what they mean is that it is practically impossible in any reasonable amount of time given our computation power, which also takes into account the current trend of cpu/gpu increase in speeds(assuming the trend is consistent with what we have seen and we don't find a breakthrough in computing technology or we somehow prove P=NP). For Sha1, we would perhaps see a brute force attack in our lifetime(assuming you are below 30) due to its small digest size with respect to other more modern hash functions. In their blog post the mention that a brute force attack would take 12,000,000 GPU years. So while yes it is obvious that there exist collisions and we can eventually find one, we can clearly see THAT IS A LONG TIME.
 
 Because of the huge digest sizes(where SHA1's digest size is 160 bits), the possible outputs that SHA1 has is 2^160. That is a large number, and to find a collision, we are probabilistically going to find a collision at 2^80 as shown by the birthday paradox( While NIST recommends the use of SHA-2/SHA-3 due to their larger digest sizes, having a construction like SHA1 where we a collision is now discovered means that we will soon see that these collisions will be re-producible as Wang and her team showed with MD5 in 2005 ( only years after the first MD5 collision was shown.
While I have not gone through all of the research paper and their proposed methods of how they went about creating a collision and how it might be generalized, the fact that we have evidence of a collision means that we can leverage what we know about those two inputs that correlate to the same output and figure out how it happened.
The whole reason why we use hash functions is because of their collision resistance, 2nd pre-image resistance, pre-image resistance, and we model hash functions as random oracles which means "the function acts randomly on a given input". 
SOooooo, if we find a collision these properties don't hold which means that using a hash function won't have the desired traits we wanted when using it. 
THIS is the heart of the matter and why this is such a big deal. Any function is deterministic and the "magic" of hash functions is that even though they are deterministic mappings, they "act" like a random oracle.