@_author: peoplesrevolution
@_date: 2017-12-24 14:36:22
@_date: 2017-12-23 00:55:09
The fuck is this shit!?!? We at 14200!!!!i!!!!
@_date: 2017-12-23 23:48:31
Well it's Fox News so I mean you have to be an idiot to believe anything they say
@_date: 2017-10-30 16:49:38
First of all you are not the only one lives in Venezuela. And you do not know about where I live or my experience is. This is like saying because Trump lives in America he knows everything about America. BS! How about the millions of people who voted earlier this month to support the government? It's not I that has bought into the propaganda it is YOU! For decades before the revolution Accion Democratica and all the other groups did absolutely NOTHING for the poor in Venezuela and the people lived absolutely destitute and it was the current government that was the only ones that actually tried to do anything to improve the lives of the poor! The lies you are telling about the currency are so funny because everyone knows that there multiple tiers of currency exchange. The 10 to 1 exchange you are talking about is only for importers. The lies you are telling about the minimum wage is inaccurate because there are frequent minimum wage increases to adjust for inflation. As for the millions of dollars that were earned when the oil industry was nationalized, that money went back to the people. Look at how education and healthcare were expanded in the first 14 years of Chavez prior to the economic war, look at the housing built, the illiteracy eradicated, and all of the other gains. You are insane to think that a government that did all that now all of a sudden wants its people to suffer. Obviously this is the big business and international governments that are angry that they're not making big profits.
Obviously it is an economic crisis and people are suffering, but the government is not to blame. It's the oligarchs, the hoarders, the currency speculators, big business, and the US government. All of these forces have been plotting against the revolution ever since 2002 coup. This is well documented. As for that is the reddit of the wealthy  and middle class opposition so of course it is biased
@_date: 2017-10-28 16:02:27
I want to start mining because utilities are included in my housing project, but I'm not tech savvy enough
@_date: 2017-10-30 16:20:48
This is BS the government is not responsible it is the oligarchs and the opposition who have been burning clinics and hoarding and black marketing food and currency. The government is the only one trying to do anything about the economic war being waged! That is why the won the election this month! The people recognize that the government has over the last two decades taken major steps to empower poor and working people in Venezuela. Subsidized food goods, expansion of healthcare and education, millions of units of affordable housing, community councils, tens of thousands of pension plans added these are just some of the major steps to addressing poverty that have been made. 8 million of the poorest people are now receiving CLAP boxes of goods and goods distributed directly to them to bypass the businesses that are hoarding goods to try to roll back the gains of the revolution. Meanwhile the oppositions only response has been to shoot and attack the poor who live in the housing projects and burn black people in the street out of accusations that they are government supporters. 
@_date: 2017-10-30 17:05:15
You are hilarious see the opposition does this all the time talking about voter fraud when they lose EVERY election but when they win accepting the results... so if the process is so fraudulent what happen in 2015 when you gusanos won the election? Was that fraudulent? 
This election has ALREADY been certified by international electoral observers so like what are you Even talking about fraud. In fact most of the MUD has admitted they lost fair and square. If government doesn't care about the people then why do the people continue to support them? 
MUD lost because they have been shooting at people in the streets, bombing police officers and soldiers setting up barricades, asking for a US invasions burning orphanages and other atrocities. Only terrorists bomb their own people so why would you think people would support such a vile and disgusting opposition like MUD? You have had power for like 2 years and all you have done is obstruct anything that would improve the situation with ZERO plan of your own to fix the crisis. 
And you continue to lie about the guarimbas! The VAST majority of deaths occurred because the violent protestors have guns and been shooting at the police and civilians. Only a few deaths were police related and all of those cops were prosecuted for misconduct. Dozens of people were killed by the violent opposition for no reason but to create crisis