@_author: pepewarcry
@_date: 2017-06-21 14:57:43
I kinda know those feels.
I started with Bitcoin very early; I remember the first peak at ~$20. Unfortunately I wasn't very financially stable during that time and as a result I wasn't able to keep my coins. I had to sell them to pay basic expenses, multiple times. I've profited from Bitcoin enough to buy my wife a new car ($30k, ± $5k), but not enough to be really life-changing.
I once lost &gt;200 BTC to someone who managed to log in to my MtGox account. It shared a username/password with one from a data breach, and they just transferred out what I had left in the exchange. At the time that was only worth a couple hundred bucks and I had thousands of BTC left in my cold wallets, to I didn't even investigate it - just closed the account and opened another.
My point in this is to say that I've been around a long time. I've written libraries in multiple languages to interact with the Satoshi client and to parse the blockchain. I know the fundamentals of Bitcoin inside and out.
That said, I've stopped paying attention to the day-to-day drama in the Bitcoin world. I now have only a vague awareness of the upcoming decision point in August, and can explain UASF and SegWit only in very broad terms. I don't have the time nowadays to work on Bitcoin as a side project, and I don't get a shit about what's going on right now. While I'm prepared to lose every satoshi of value in my cold wallets, I'm still convinced that there are only two places the price of Bitcoin can end up - "to the moon", at many thousands of USD per coin, or $0. This August may trigger a bubble or it may trigger a massive sell-off, but it doesn't matter to me because I don't plan to ever sell my coins off for USD. Instead, I'll use them directly when I retire or pass them down to my children.
I think there are a lot more people like the out there - "old guard" holders - than people think. I know I have wallets that haven't moved since late 2010 or so that are still as secure, anonymous, and liquid as they were the day I created them. I doubt seriously that all of us are keeping up with the day-to-day drama.
(Note: I posted this from a shitposting account, because I don't particularly want it known that I've made money from BTC. Fuck the IRS.)
@_date: 2017-06-21 15:19:09


So they say. So it appears based on a third-party review of the code that they got when they hit the site.
The only thing stopping Blockchain from sending themselves your key and stealing your coins is their word that they won't, and your hope that someone else doesn't find a code injection on their site.
Browser-based wallets are poison - building crypto/security libraries on top of JavaScript is like building a mansion on a foundation of sand.
For the average user, a smartphone-based wallet is the best security they'll find for a hot wallet. The OS itself is responsible for sandboxing running apps, and the platform has been a target for a long time.
For a more advanced user, cold wallets are the way to go. There's no reason for your private keys to ever touch a networked device. (spez: until you are ready to spend the wallet)
@_date: 2017-06-21 15:14:04


Correct, mostly.
Bitcoin is in theory infinitely divisible, but in current application there are two floors: the minimum transaction size and the unit.
Due to the way in which computers store numbers, only whole numbers are suitable for use in financial transactions. The Bitcoin protocol specifies that 1 BTC is represented internally as 1x10^8 units. As a result, 0.00000001 BTC (1 satoshi) is the smallest value that can be represented right now. There's nothing preventing the network in the future from deciding that from block *n* forward, each satoshi is worth 10^8 "nakamotos" or something - at which point the smallest representable unit would be 10^-16 BTC, as opposed to the 10^-8 BTC satoshi of today. This would require a hard fork, like most protocol changes (unless, of course, a more formal and flexible system of protocol change is implemented prior to this occurring).
The minimum transaction was introduced in 2013, and to my knowledge hasn't changed. The purpose was to patch a problem with "spam" transactions of tiny amounts of value designed to artificially inflate block size and therefore transaction costs. The transactions were known as "dust" at the time. The minimum transaction was 5430 satoshis (0.0000543 BTC) at the time of implementation. I don't think this has been repealed or modified, but I've not really kept up on it. It may be important to note that this was a change to the Satoshi client, *not* the protocol itself - the miners themselves get to decide whether or not to include a transaction into a block, so it's still theoretically possible to send a single satoshi if you mine the block yourself or convince the entity that does to include the transaction for you. However, in practice, the smallest transaction that will be confirmed has been 5430 satoshis since Gavin made the change.
@_date: 2017-06-21 15:15:25


While true, the ultimate destination of the Bitcoin Train is still up for debate. We could be heading right back to where we started... but my ticket says "to the Moon".
@_date: 2017-06-22 06:11:03
I've not looked at it, but almost certainly, yes.