@_author: peppermintpig
@_date: 2017-12-04 01:16:23
Fiat currency open to competition. What could go wrong!? :)
@_date: 2017-12-26 21:27:08
It reads like exasperation.
@_date: 2017-12-22 19:10:19
You should not entertain the fantasies of people who treat Bitcoin like it's gambling or easy money.
If someone accuses it of being a ponzi scheme then there is no reason for them to reverse the opinion and immediately try to buy in in at all. They don't understand what it is. Bitcoin has, by the nature of its function, surpassed some measure of its utility as a quick form of exchange and become a savings crypto. 
@_date: 2017-12-04 01:28:38
So, let me get this straight. You're in a country suffering from a hyperinflation collapse, and you have the option to buy and use Bitcoin to hedge against some of your losses, but you choose not to because you believe it's worthless?
I guess the real issue is you genuinely believe, or perhaps have a dark fantasy that a complete societal meltdown will occur to the point that people will not be able to maintain technology in order to conduct bitcoin exchanges?
Again, Bipolarruledout's question still stands.


It really isn't. At all. People may be threatened by the state for using it, but black markets are a thing.
@_date: 2017-12-23 02:58:04
Grandkids, let me tell you about my life as a crypto miner 49er. We built the blockchain, so that others could ride the train straight to the moon with nothin' but gumption and a couple of GPUs.
@_date: 2017-12-22 19:54:11
Edgelords are going to be edgy. They do not recognize or care about anything beyond exchange value and treating it like it's a gambling platform. When it takes dips they'll rush in to mock people for being foolish to invest. When it goes up they're already predicting its coming demise. 
As you say, its a way to transfer funds. It has utility. In that sense if you profit it's nice a nice added bonus, but it's not essential. People confuse the volatility as weakness, which would imply the technology is somehow weak but it isn't. I think the volatility is a reflection of growing awareness amidst confusion and the malpractice that comes with attempts at centralizing exchange. So in a way, I suppose it would be fair to say people can have unrealistic expectations with crypto but in a way that does not conform to the opinion of uninvested nay-sayers.
People who do not understand a thing should not invest as it's indistinguishable from gambling. The same goes for offering investment advice with a stark lack of experience or knowledge.
Some people will never understand because they choose not to, or they are operating in a different paradigm or under a false premise. That's the reality at this point with so many people discovering Bitcoin who aren't associated ideologically with the purpose and reason why cryptos came to be, or among the first adopters.
@_date: 2017-12-04 01:31:34
@_date: 2017-12-22 19:13:26
TIL It's a bubble
@_date: 2017-12-04 01:12:31
People don't have to exchange it according to your personal time preferences for it to be a currency. Could there be another crypto currency that is more readily used for daily exchanges? Certainly.
@_date: 2017-12-04 01:35:59
It's nice how good money has a way of pushing out bad actors.
@_date: 2017-12-04 01:17:53
You're being generous associating financial expertise with Krugman. 
@_date: 2017-12-04 01:14:48
Future news: *Only alt right/fascists use bitcoin. Yes, we're cracking down and stealing people's money, but we're not the fascists, we're trying to save society! Don't you care about your country? Banks are your last hope!*
@_date: 2017-12-26 21:25:41
5 Days Ago: Bitcoin Cash buys and sells have been enabled on Coinbase. Availability may fluctuate over the next few days based on the health of this new market.
So you do the math...
@_date: 2015-06-20 09:47:16
Same old problem of trusting other people to hold your money. Buyer beware.
End prohibition and you'll have competition to keep things more honest.
@_date: 2014-02-14 05:27:28
Hey guys and gals. Just some friendly advice from a dude who understands the concept of money:
Many people believe that cryptocurrency's greatest value rests within its utility. That means it is valued for ease of use and transaction speeds as opposed to using it as an investment tool.
But there is an arguably more important value: Distribution. BitCoin does not require historically conventional means of management such as banking it in a central location. Sure, if you've done your homework and you find someone you trust you could spread your wealth out, or use a wallet account service for the convenience of currency exchange, but the security of the system thrives best when you spread out your risk or liability.
Only gamblers invest in things they don't understand. Unless something has been discovered about BitCoin that changes its fundamental nature, casual criticism from cryptocurrency outsiders based on relative value to other currencies is simply not warranted. So if you see any insidious shaudenfreude when the bits are down, that's likely projection on behalf of the critic and a superficial understanding of money.
Thanks for your time. Hope you enjoyed the meme. Haters gonna hate cryptocurrency. Sure they can laugh now... :)
@_date: 2014-02-28 09:23:56
facts_Sphere, Obama said you didn't build that innernet autobot! It was probably Al Gore who invented it.
/I'm having a lot of luck lately summoning bots. They've become the straight man to my comedic posts. :)
@_date: 2014-03-06 11:07:58
There's no regulation addressing the matter of security and auditing suggested here. Japan's political leadership doesn't want to apply sensible practices to address the problem of security with cryptocurrency exchanges (Mt. Gox). 
Instead, their goal is to tax cryptocurrency uses/exchanges and prohibit banks and security groups from managing crypto funds. Could a country fail even harder than Japan? That's a rhetorical question, but I appreciate hearing other stupid government ideas that don't solve problems and instead create new ones.
@_date: 2014-08-06 15:08:54
They don't understand the root definition.
Every human being with the capacity for rationalizing is able to speculate on value. It is fundamental to our nature as individuals.
That said, people who criticize speculation in the financial sense of the word have to be careful not to generalize their criticism to imply speculation occurs without information. But certainly, people who invest in something they do not understand are doing something indistinguishable from gambling.
A critic in another thread argued that a person who puts most of their money in Bitcoin is speculating but such arguments are extremely speculative when they're not backed up by a superior provision of evidence to the contrary. Knowledge, perspective, and expectation are the conditioning elements that must be considered when trying to evaluate if something is 'wild speculation' vs informed investing.
@_date: 2014-05-12 19:43:39
@_date: 2014-02-25 09:30:43


Sound advice from the Alabamaman.


Dumb people complaining to government...


And giving the government the incentive to clamp down. Borg wants assimilation.
@_date: 2014-03-31 15:34:05
The only time the mainstream media puts something about guns on the front page it to shed a negative light, but the business is getting free advertising out of it which is a positive. The same can be said about mainstream media's panning of Bitcoin and cryptocurrency as fads according to their *experts*. They link it to drug markets and shady dealings because they know that scandals and *crime* gets page views. But at the same time they are alienating themselves from people who get what cryptocurrency is, who point out FRN gets used all of the time in drug sales and has a massively larger market for it.
Something tells me you are not an optimists. What's the absurdity here?
@_date: 2014-07-18 16:41:02
Yeah. Exchange trust comes from letting people engage freely in commerce. Good merchants and businesses will appear and demonstrate their good reputations so there's no need to solve for the fraud issue by pretending you can outlaw all fraud. There will be support services that develop to deal with fraud in the market itself anyways just as consumer reporting and certification services exist today. All these laws and regulations do is push honest people into finding solutions in a black market, which magnifies the likelihood of fraud, whether it be from criminals who operate unethically and outside the law anyways, or from the government itself looking to criminalize peaceful individuals conducting commerce.
@_date: 2014-03-31 14:46:06
1. Mine your own phantom cryptocurrency. Perform an arbitrary exchange for fiat with yourself to set the price.
2. Trade it back and lose your wallet.
3. ????
4. Profit.
@_date: 2014-03-31 15:17:16


Not saying anything here, though.


Well don't assume their expectations are true then? That's your choice. There's nothing conflicting about saying prices aren't stable and prices appear to be increasing according to a, b, and c data.
Saying who knows and then saying it's dangerous is doing the same thing you accuse optimists of doing. Looking at available information to make a best guess is possible, even if it's still a guess. 
My best guess is that Bitcoin has not seen market saturation, as it implies a form of peak adoption and there are many people in the world who still don't use it. Weighing that against the idea that Bitcoin would go out of style tomorrow, the safe bet is that enough people aren't using it for wild speculation and would be happy using it with the expectation that the market for its use is expanding, whatever the price actually does.
@_date: 2014-07-18 03:38:30
They get their money from taxpayers either way so I doubt they care that it's a net loss to spend money trying to regulate it. On the upside it may increase the adoption rate for crypto currency.... aaand that's about it.
@_date: 2014-02-14 06:15:42
Most bitcoin misinformation is either due to a misunderstanding of money, or it is paradigm based mischaracterizations on its function, often assuming an attack on a particular service is an attack on the whole, which is erroneous. The rest is usually government fed propaganda that leads to misinformation, and that is NOT the fault of advocates or economists that do understand what cryptcurrency is.
Other people's intellect is not your responsibility, but adoption benefits from your interest to clarify what this currency is. Humor yourself through the uninformed or prejudicial reactions and help those who are honestly curious.
@_date: 2014-02-28 09:12:00
Al Gore Invented the internet. Bitcoins live on the internet. All your bitcoin are belong to Al Gore.
@_date: 2014-02-20 09:55:52


Is it because you are using their services to convert your bitcoin into another currency? Do you expect them to operate on charity? It's a service that you are at liberty to choose.
@_date: 2014-04-26 06:17:17
Anarchy is a rejection of authoritarianism. What you do with that freedom is something that the concept of anarchy doesn't determine.
People want security. People can self regulate. Polycentric law provides against a backdrop of volitional ethics.
Also, why are people burying you but not posting counter arguments???
@_date: 2014-02-14 06:23:16
With all things, investing without understanding is gambling. Hedging against a thing for a lack of information can be wise, but when there is enough good information about what Bitcoin is and enough examples of seeing it in practice, most resistance tends to boil down to ignorance by choice.
Everybody speculates on value. That's the nature of economics. Good speculation depends on good information. Unfortunately 'speculation' to most casual observers is being defined as risky corporate ventures, attaching a lot of bogeyman fears to an otherwise useful word.
@_date: 2014-07-26 04:02:32
Bitcoin - Distributive Nature (security) Utility (Speed of transaction, ease of access and exchange).
Gold, Silver - Hard Asset, Historically Reliable Store of Value
Caveats? Paper silver and paper gold manipulation effects physical price of silver and gold, so shortages of physical might occur, but it's a buyer's market!
@_date: 2014-07-18 04:31:02
This! Cryptocurrency also makes it easier for individuals to relocate their businesses in other countries using commonly accepted digital assets, or simply ignore local regulations and work under the radar. This will dwarf the past decades of economic hardship in terms of talent migrating out of cost prohibitive states and countries. It will be a brain drain on a whole other level for those overbearing bureaucracies!
Also, thank you for your proper grammar in using "a historic" as opposed to the silly "an historic".
@_date: 2014-07-18 04:10:49
So much for the original intent of the interstate commerce clause to prevent protectionism. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 19:15:14


The Ozone layer is continuing to be depleted. If your argument is that government regulation assuages fears of environmental disaster so that they can misdirect people's attention to other issues, then I'll agree that regulation is working to dupe people into believing that the issue is being dealt with. That doesn't mean the restriction of certain chemical uses is not advantageous to the environment, but there's nothing special about the government pressing a change when it is the biggest polluter and hypocrite on the environment.
Several decades ago the destruction of the Ozone was a huge topic of interest but it's died down considerably.


I don't see how you can even begin to prove that. To say it is 'largely because of' requires overwhelming evidence that has not been demonstrated. There's more incarceration of people in prisons in the US today than at any other time in history, per capita or by percentage. There are more victimless crime convictions as well, but all these broad data studies require more than a grain of salt to be relied up on as fact as you have suggested. You could also point to fluoridation of water supplies as a counter-effect on the incidence of violence, but that too has medical health issues which should be addressed.


Why do you believe that auto manufacturers want to see their customers killed off? Your arguments have no substance. Just because the government mandated something doesn't mean there wasn't a demand or an option in the market for it. Often times a regulation asks for a solution that is very specific, and there are often individual companies with a competitive advantage conveniently situated to bankroll on the regulation. The temporary ban on incandenscent lights, for example, gave the CFL producers a temporary foothold to profit from a regulation that introduced a product that was MORE environmentally toxic and less reliable.
Thank Nils Bohlin for the invention of the modern seat belt in 1959, which has created a greater statistical safety in automobile use.
The first airbags were dangerous and they caused fatalities. The government mandated the use of a technology prior to refinement. You can thank politicians like Ralph Nader for contributing to your chances for dying, and otherwise soaking up tax dollars mandating common sense solutions that people were already implementing anyways.
@_date: 2014-07-29 13:22:39
Being free to disagree is central to validating the NAP as it tests the volitional ethic. The premise is self reinforcing, but you still have to live in a world of imperfect outcomes.
@_date: 2014-03-31 14:52:13
Obviously it's because government gave IBM the divine wisdom and sanction to produce those goods, and because taxes compel productivity! /s
@_date: 2014-08-03 16:47:22
Whether or not an individual has complete freedom over their ability to make choices does not preclude consideration of the NAP. The NAP doesn't exist on the premise that bad things don't happen.
The state, for whatever impositions it employs to physically prevent people from pursuing their interests in the marketplace, cannot fully control people's minds, and this is where the spark of dissent, of freedom occurs for concepts such as libertarianism to exist and take hold.
Yes. I would argue that the decentralized nature of Bitcoin is as important or more important than its utility value. It provides a means of overcoming centralization and state manipulation.
@_date: 2014-08-03 17:59:49
The speaker here appears to argue that politics permeates or must be an element of defining success. Of course no two people hold the exact same values, and defining success politically is an economic impossibility as there is no objective standard on which to rely. There is however the ethical standard based in individualism.
I'm afraid however that his argument technically excludes viewing Polycentric Law as a possible solution on the premise that it does not fit within his context of defining success. A polycentric law approach embraces the fact that conflict will exist, but that not all conflict is inherently based in violence. When you deny people the freedom to choose and dissent from what is offered, you deny their ability to seek justice.
You can only truly solve a problem by accounting for the conditions under which the problem arises, and even then there are some problems that are not physically or economically possible to solve.
His premise that government has the practical capacity to potentially harm market actors and that this demonstrates a political failure on behalf of market actors is not a valid argument. If a thief steals your television, that does not invalidate televisions as a market good. If the state shuts down a service like Silk Road that doesn't mean it wasn't producing value to its participants. That violence exerted by the state against peaceful individuals doesn't negate prior success in people's exchanges. Deficiencies in security may occur but the market is often fast and very creative at overcoming these obstructions.
Success can be divorced from politics. I've already refuted his methodology, and this conclusion, so let's move on to his other points...


That's more than a little lazy. 
If you are capable of defining terms, defining anarchy and anarcho capitalism as ideas and not as collectives or movements, then it's certainly possible to understand the distinction. In fact, I'll help him out by explaining it.
To be an anarchist is to reject authoritarianism. That's it. It's a position. It's a premise on which to support other ideas, but it is not in and of itself a coherent ideological framework.
Anarcho Capitalism is is a form of anarchic society. Anarcho Capitalists are anarchists, but not all anarchists are anarcho capitalists. More amusingly, not all self described anarchists are actually anarchists at all! Most self described anarchists fail to uphold the anarchic premise by advocating transitional phases of wealth redistribution prior to entering a utopian anarchic society, else they wish to dictate the abolition of all forms of property recognition except for those they sanction, which is a form of anti-individualist renunciation of value theory, and a self-contradictory idea.
Libertarianism promotes an ethical principle in the rejection of initiated force and coercion as viable means of achieving ends. Libertarianism does not however advocate for the organization of society at an ideological level. It does not prescribe a singular system of property. Anarcho Capitalism represents the anarchic ideal of libertarianism, where people are free to assign value and develop conventions for recognizing claims to property in order to mitigate tragedies of the commons and allow people to meet needs by respecting economics rather than thinking you can extricate yourself from it.
@_date: 2014-03-31 14:59:14
Banks are failing all of the time, but they have a limitless source of money in the Federal Reserve and strict laws telling them not to spread panic. And the failure need not be extreme. It can be as simply as being a little short for a given month and requesting a larger shipment of physical notes. Two different animals here. Mt Gox failed to protect the assets of their customers and they didn't have a bailout option.
@_date: 2014-07-29 21:02:33
You're not exactly inspiring sympathy by stereotyping. Could just as well say most people, when they are on the Internet, apply a lower standard of behavior and may act like dicks. I can appreciate the concern but I can't take your collective generalization seriously.
Some libertarians refuse to sugar coat a message and people not used to debate might react badly to that. That said if you're looking for bad people on reddit the libertarian subs are very civil, practically angelic bastions of civil debate compared to some of the much more popular subs that are based on mocking other people and subs, and being toxic places in general they bring out the worst in people.
@_date: 2014-03-31 15:07:07
It's arguable given you're describing investments backed by fiat where inflation is not always accounted for.
@_date: 2014-03-31 14:36:15
So without the government, people wouldn't know what was valuable or how to create those things? Amusing.. tell me more. :)
@_date: 2014-03-31 19:56:02
So it isn't the inventions itself improving quality of life, but the force that makes it good? Was that your point? Do you believe human beings are too stupid to figure out ways of peacefully pooling resources in order to coordinate larger projects? 
The taxes are the *method*, not the *source* of the money. The source is the people whose money is taken from them, whether or not they approve of its use. In the business world, If I want to order lunch at a restaurant I am not forced to order their entire menu. With government, you are forced to pay for everything, whether you like it or not. But that again begs the question you refuse to answer: Why are goods like hospitals or schools something people wouldn't fund and patronize on a voluntary basis? Why do you believe it doesn't happen for that matter? Why do private schools exist when government has offered you such *fantastic* solutions already??
Why should people tolerate government spying on its own citizens or conducting undeclared wars by citing the few things it produces that are obvious market goods? What kind of asinine logic is that where people excuse a police state mentality because the same entity is claiming to be *providing* goods (that just happen to be impossible for them to offer without taking people's money and subsequently their freedom to choose and fund these services in the first place)? People have the means to distinguish and value the good without requiring the bad.
Please clarify what your point is so that I might understand it.
@_date: 2014-08-06 14:50:20
If that tiny group of people continue to amass an ever larger store of wealth in a money that floats above a devaluating national currency, then that tiny minority will have a not-so-tiny impact on effecting change. Adoption will only increase the staying power and disparity of value, which is hardly romantic at all but basic economic reality. People who expect it to happen overnight are romanticizing it, though.


It's popular despite regulation now, and crypto currency will be more popular in the future. These are not bold predictions. Right, that doesn't mean they won't try to regulate it. They at least have to look like they're doing something to maintain control.
@_date: 2014-03-31 14:48:16
Well it's a good thing we have these *experts* around to let us know what's what.
@_date: 2014-05-27 16:13:56


Software code? The utility value of the ledger? The interest to participate?
If you're trying to ask the deeper question about 'what is money' I can help, but I first need to know what you're trying to ask.
@_date: 2014-06-30 18:52:11
Self-regulation does work. Voluntary regulation and certification works.
What doesn't work is pretending you can have a monopoly regulate others and then itself (see most other posts praising useless regulation here).
@_date: 2014-08-11 23:12:18
Building a drone army. Attack of the drones!!!
@_date: 2014-07-18 04:04:19
With the way they want to regulate exchange of bitcoin over acceptance of bitcoin it resembles a piggy bank, but with a door at the bottom with a broken latch that falls into the hands of thieves and governments.. I'm being redundant, I know. Trying to force centralization on a decentralized currency is a bad idea. Why create fundamental insecurity for the sake of adoption and use-sanction??
And we're not even talking about the inevitable encroachment of additional fees and fines.
@_date: 2014-02-14 06:30:24
Sorry, honey. The problem with your statement is that you're confusing produce with digital currency. The digital currency doesn't spoil or rot and has a vastly longer shelf life. Also, I cannot fax you a pepper through the internet, nor can I seek nutritional nourishment from virtual currency. Bitcoin might appreciate or lose value, but it is not a fixed commodity against peppers.
Also, nothing has intrinsic value. Scarcity may effect value, but it does not determine it.


What exactly did I misunderstand? Where is the hidden message in your post? Is it parody? If so, clever!
@_date: 2014-08-03 16:06:00
libertarianism advocates the NAP as an ethical compass. While people may derive conventions based on the ideas, it is a principle first. Otherwise it has no hard coded conventions of what should be valued in the market.
It takes a wise person to recognize that they cannot anticipate and predict with precision the broad composition of future conditions. 
@_date: 2014-08-06 15:15:46
A lot of new businesses fail. It's a normal aspect of economic activity. Venture capitalists must arm themselves with knowledge of the potential so they don't lose their shirts in the process. To say we shouldn't speculate because there might be a lot of failure in the process is absurd. The tuition gained from experimenting to discover what works is valuable. People who win aren't always learning as much as those who lose. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 09:08:14
You need to go on more than one date with Yellen before you decide to commit, if you know what I'm saying. :)
@_date: 2014-07-18 04:20:54
It's to prop up the system while giving the government an easy source of obtaining bitcoins so they can transition over when their currency fails.
You could also look at the way they want to regulate exchange over acceptance as a kind of piggy bank that the state co-owns with you.
@_date: 2014-02-28 09:17:35
Are we to assume the Fed isn't doing what it has long since intended to do? They have the power, surely, so, ahem... what's stopping them from fixing their own mess?
@_date: 2014-07-18 04:08:14
Talk about barriers to entry. Lawyers writing legislation that favors lawyers. Just another of the many protected rackets.
@_date: 2014-08-06 15:20:54
People who appreciate Bitcoin on its relative market value to other currencies may indeed be speculating. If they have some idea how it functions and a decent grasp of money then the criticism of speculation diminishes. Saving is a wise practice, but spending it wisely is often under-appreciated.
The ideal Bitcoin user is one who understands the utility and distributive value it possesses.
@_date: 2014-02-28 09:14:41
Wasn't it Yojimbo? No, Kitaro!
@_date: 2014-02-14 06:36:40
Today, why. Tomorrow, what, when, who, where, or quite possibly how!!!
@_date: 2014-07-18 04:17:49


Except for Bulgarian teenagers, apparently. Incrementally excluding people tells me you believe in the opposite of what you've stated. It is much easier to highlight honest players than to try to systematically prevent fraud from existing. Pro tip: It's impossible to eradicate all fraud, and the more verbose the regulation, the more you fall into the enforcement paradox. Fraud can be better avoided by allowing business to prosper and letting the reputable companies become visible and competitive.
@_date: 2014-07-18 03:29:00
That's not your gold, that's the government's gold. For the sake of the social contract, please deposit the gold at the nearest government collection office.
@_date: 2014-07-18 16:54:01
You know what hits closer to home? The US confiscation of gold during the depression. 
@_date: 2014-05-06 07:10:13


True. Best not to assume otherwise, but also good to know that if people can get into Bitcoin then they can get into Libertarian philosophy. 
"Angry hatred"? As opposed to? I really don't see how that characterization applies to libertarian philosophy because the non-aggression principle speaks to a desire for peaceful solutions and finding ways to make society more harmonious. It's a positive message. Of course there's a lot of time spent talking about the problems with government, but you can't avoid negativity if you want honesty, and some people don't want to hear the ugly truth, and yes that can limit adoption which is why people should be more sensitive about their audience.
@_date: 2014-02-14 05:18:34
"Insert absurdist analogy comparing two entirely different things, ROFLCOPTER!"
@_date: 2014-02-14 06:10:27
If Bitcoin is only relevant within its own community, why does he keep posting here? Transparent trolling.
@_date: 2014-07-18 03:51:07
Mt Gox was a huge fuck up due to their own actions. That doesn't mean the US didn't play a part in freezing their conventional currency assets.
@_date: 2014-04-26 06:23:04
Not to nitpick, but why would those systems be trustless?
Most liberty advocates are looking for accountability and self empowerment and the security that comes from building a web of trust and not just blindly giving someone the power to act on their behalf.
@_date: 2014-08-03 18:46:40
If you're stating that the NAP is not a product of declaring societal norms and definitions of property, more context is required to clarify the meaning.
@_date: 2014-02-28 09:15:34
I am reminded of the scene in lord of the rings where the king took a flaming leap. Masters of the FRN: Resign yourselves to the fact that centrally planning an economy for easy money isn't going to work anymore, and RETIRE!!!
@_date: 2014-08-03 18:26:45
After all the very bitcoin negative Korean MSM articles I've read in the last few months, I'm happy to see there are people who haven't bought into that nonsense there!
@_date: 2014-07-18 16:34:31
Part of this regulation looks like it is intended to give the state of NY an easy way to get their hands on Bitcoin through dictating use and throwing fees at people.
@_date: 2014-06-30 23:23:58
The recovery hasn't happened and future projections are not proof of that. You are claiming incontrovertible checkmate proof on *theories about future predictions*. But let's not sidestep the issue by pretending we can prove something works by outlawing alternative solutions.
You do realize you are labeling ALL auto makers as not caring about vehicle safety despite evidence to the contrary, right? And since you're not even registering anything negative in relation to government regulation I suppose you concede the point that people are going to die in the zeal to impose safety devices before theory has reached application. What a nice politically correct world people must live in where they can transmute their good intentions into law and blame everybody else when there are failures. I guess breaking a few eggs is part of the process. I don't have any interest in debating with someone who is intellectually dishonest and looking to make false generalizations to reinforce their positions.
The Corvair was not the 'death trap' that Nader built his political career on and I'm not surprised in the least that compact cars have had a history of safety issues coming from the fact that they are compact cars traveling along roads with much larger vehicles.
I am not debating the value of regulation. It's like you're not even paying attention to the discussion. My premise has been that government regulation has not proven itself as more efficient a solution, and that it is not possible to demonstrate the efficiency of a monopoly in the first place. For whatever good you believe it does in decreeing regulatory fiat, I can demonstrate examples in which the government is not only a poor steward but a contributor to the problem of pollution and monopoly privilege. The US Navy for example has been known to dump perfectly good equipment into the ocean to justify their spending budgets. That's the same US government that gives lip service to the environment, or uses the environment as a cover for granting economic advantage to the politically connected. We're miles apart here since you still have faith that the system works devoid of genuine accountability or freedom of dissent.
@_date: 2019-09-04 12:45:16
There are no guarantees that Bitcoin won't be co-opted by the state in some form. The junction between ledgered crypto and fiat is a murky one.
@_date: 2015-04-02 22:22:56
One, this is an executive order, not technically a law. Secondly, did the president even declare a 'national emergency' in order to even invoke this piece of non-law?
Yeah, I'm entertaining for the constitutionalists right now who think there's something worth saving or the people who don't understand that the executive branch doesn't have the power to legislate. Either the law already says they can do this or it doesn't, in which case this is simply more window dressing.
@_date: 2015-04-02 22:25:01
Even if treason were a thing worth considering here, and you liked playing the lottery, giving the government taxes would yield a significantly higher chance that you were aiding a traitor to the constitution. Well, I shouldn't say chance, because it's really a question of how many more people in the thousands...
@_date: 2019-05-10 17:23:01
Half of my clients are running Linux Mint machines on hardware that struggled with Microsoft Windows. They never knew a better way. 
Crypto is the same way. People don't know a better way until they see it in action. That too is coming into play.
@_date: 2013-05-15 21:56:51
In what sense? Both are big enough to be leading news stories outside of the MSM. Both give pause to individuals about the certainty of their freedom to access or exchange information/value. Both appear very contrived on behalf of the US government to 'send a message' and perhaps create a chilling effect.
@_date: 2017-06-02 16:16:42
It's nice to see some just desserts and proliferation of good economics. I've had countless situations where I would not get a direct response to questions as basic as *what is your theory of value*?
@_date: 2019-05-10 17:26:09
He's revealing how much of a fraud the US Government is by admitting it's about control and not freedom. Rule of law, like the people you're protecting care about the rule of law? What a moron.
@_date: 2013-05-15 21:41:15
Make a separate request, general information on their Bitcoin related activity, and see what that yields?
@_date: 2013-11-22 06:59:24
Are you suggesting that argumentation is not a legitimate form of response? If you want to explain why he's wrong with specific points then you could possibly counter-argue against his statement.
Arguments are elements of debate. If you wish to entertain a debate then step it up. Claiming he's using straw man arguments only to ad hominem him is really sad.