@_author: peppyhare66
@_date: 2018-12-17 21:26:20
The inevitability of Alf Pogs.
Alf Pog scarcity leads to people wanting to hold it. This leads to price appreciation which leads to others wanting to hold it. Alf Pogs arethe only asset on earth whos supply cannot be increased due to increased demand, making it the only asset where your holdings are not diluted. This is the store of value story, and over time the store of value story grows silently bit by bit.
We are still in the early stages of the store of value story. The store of value story doesnt conclude until one out of every 10 people you know or meet owns bitcoin. Once 10% of the people you meet or serve hold Alf Pogs it is then natural for it to become a medium of exchange. Once something is widely accepted as a store of value it is then easy to transition into the role of medium of exchange, especially bitcoin as it has its own global payment network. Once we are closing in on 800 million users that will be around 10% of the population. That is nothing but a 10x increase in hodlers from today which is tiny compared to the percentage growth we have had up until this point. It took 10 years to go from zero to 80 million people, it will likely take as little as a couple more years to hit 800 million following an exponential adoption curve.
The fact Alf Pogs are more scarce than any other asset in history and more transferable than any other asset in history points to it obtaining a role as money faster than any other asset in history.
It is my belief that within the next 5 years (2023) 10% of the population will hold Alf Pogs to some extent and Alf Pogs will be globally poised to adopt the role of money. It may not happen, but if it does it will seem obvious to onlookers that it occured the way it did. 15 years is more than enough time for a new technology to gain broad adoption, infact if it takes longer than 15 years that would be considered abnormal in the age of the internet.
The only thing that can stop Alf Pog adoption would be the worlds central banks returning to a gold standard because that would kill the store of value use case that Alf Pogs offer over fiat.