@_author: peraler
@_date: 2014-08-01 21:00:44
The semantics are quite relevant in this case, because your whole argument is based on an undefined window of time and order of events.  The window of time you are working in for your argument appears to be very narrow, so narrow that you had to redefine the word "consequence" in order to make your argument work at all.


If "a lot of people" are saying that the volatility will decrease **as a consequence** of increasing adoption, then they aren't saying those two things will occur at the exact same moment.  So your "bitcoiner logic fail" is a failure on your part to understand the meaning of the word "consequence".  By your own logic you demonstrate how the "bitcoiner" is right in using the phrase "as a consequence of", because as you said - reduced volatility and increased adoption cannot happen at the exact same moment.
@_date: 2014-08-01 22:53:14
It looks like you're getting automodded because of the low karma and new account.  So I'll just quote what I think was your response to me... and talk to myself.


'Decreased volatility is a side effect of increased adoption'
Does that satisfy you and alleviate you of your confusion?
If you're skeptical about my interpretation of what Bitcoiners have said, then here, you can read for yourself what I'm referencing and judge for yourself whether I've misinterpreted them or not (this particular example is by Bruce Fenton):
EDIT: On second thoughts, I've realized you're probably still going to complain about the wording I chose, since equivocating a 'side effect' with concurrency seems to irk you. In fact, perhaps that word 'concurrency' is what I should have chosen - in a 'concurrent' process there are at least two things happening at once, but they both interact with each other, and in this case determine the other.


It isn't a matter of pleasing me, it is a matter of communicating an idea effectively.  This thread is a direct consequence of the sloppy use of terms.


You were right in your edit, "side effect" is still sequential in nature - and not a good way of describing concurrent events (unless you're using the term in the software design domain).  Also, I think it should be pretty clear that I'm not confused - as I've corrected your use of terms and you've recognized the mistake... for that to happen I'd have to be able to accurately understand your intent (which is the opposite of confusion).


heh, well Bruce is talking specifically about the price - so it isn't a good demonstration of your argument.  It actually backs my position: your argument is based on a misunderstanding of the concept of consequent.  This is another example of what happens when you sloppily misinterpret the written word.  Yes, it is very reasonable to assume that price closely correlates with adoption (due to scarcity), but they are two completely different things.  Also, Bruce did not define the period of time, but the phrasing makes it clear that he isn't talking about concurrent events - he is talking about sequential events:
"as market value increases", "right now", "once many people reach", "as people see", "they are more likely to", etc.  I don't want to make this personal, but you might want to work on your english comprehension skills a bit.  It is either that or you're just blinded by some bias.


You guessed right, well, almost.  It doesn't "irk" me, I just recognize that the word doesn't accurately represent the idea that you're trying to communicate.


You really need to stop redefining words.  Concurrent events, or "process", do not necessarily "interact with each other" or "determine the other".
@_date: 2014-08-01 20:13:32


Is that what "as a consequence" means to you?  Because that isn't what it means to the vast majority of people that understand that a consequence is the result of an action.  So you can't have the result of an action occur at the same time as the action itself.
