@_author: perchesonopazzo
@_date: 2019-07-02 06:58:28
I was mocking you, idiot.
@_date: 2019-07-02 06:52:44
I'm saying you can be familiar with every proto-socialist back to Rousseau and Proudhon and disagree with social contract theory or mutualism without being a pawn of the manipulation of words by the hegemon. I'm saying I'm not the hugest fan of Derrida and I have made my own mind up, after reading the literature and living the experience, free of the enslavement to words you describe.
@_date: 2019-07-02 06:41:25
This subreddit is r/Bitcoin, dummy. I've read Das Kapital, the Communist Manifesto, all the Black Panthers, Che, Lenin, Trotsky... I've also read Keynes, Gramsci, Foulcault, some Marcuse and others in the non-Marxist socialist (not calling Foucault a "socialist" but he fits on that list) and Neo-Marxist traditions. I know the difference exactly. I could tell you the moment that the socialist mode of production reached raw communism by the sound of the birds that morning. I say commie to make it clear that there is no place for socialism or communism in decentralization, which is what this sub and Bitcoin are about.
@_date: 2019-07-02 06:25:46
Make your own commie coin and scram, this currency is about free markets and freedom from governments, not legitimizing government expansion in exchange for promised services. I know socialist currencies have a tendency to become toilet paper so you might want to hedge your bets, but you don't understand Bitcoin or really believe in it if you love the state that much.
@_date: 2019-07-02 18:57:47
He does say started with, doesn't seem crazy to think he may have reinvested profits
@_date: 2019-07-02 08:29:58
Those miners we're about $100 back then too, a $1500 investment and free electricity sounds pretty workable to me
@_date: 2019-07-02 08:02:52
No I'm saying people who espouse Bernie's brand of democratic socialism, which is pretty much Northern European social democracy, have been  the major influence on the crackdown on political dissidents in Europe. The people who have been arrested or refused entry to countries based on speech range from trolls to the populist right to the actual fringe at this juncture. I have no reason to believe that if they had more power that libertarian anarchists and other principled anti-socialists might find their way into a larger target on dissidents. 
American progressives have imprisoned dissidents (Wilson), East Germany was enthusiastically doing the same until 1990, it's very strange that insinuating that central planning might lead to the imprisonment of dissidents is scoffed at. I'm not being hyperbolic. 
If you engage in large-scale public works projects and redistribution schemes and you are met by serious opposition in the population, actually pulling off your policy objectives requires some kind of crackdown. If part of a massive education overhaul includes the elimination of homeschooling (which was illegal in every state in the US until 1982), and I don't want to send my kids to a public school that preaches an ideology I disagree with, I have just become a criminal by not enrolling my child into 35 hour/week institution I view as a brainwashing camp.
All it would take is that reversion in American law back to an earlier progressive policy for me to be subject to jail time. Soviet gulags had a lot in common with American prisons. I have a family member who did time in an upstate NY work camp in sub-zero temperatures with violent military foreman, pretty much exactly a Soviet gulag, who was overjoyed to have done time there rather than a typical NY penitentiary.
I could currently face those conditions for refusing to pay income tax on political grounds, another Wilson signed progressive agenda policy. Many candidates pushing for Medicare for all are also pushing for the illegalization of private insurance that competes with Medicare, all I would have to do is arrange what is currently a typical contract to remain in control of my own medical choices to become a political criminal if that passed.
Socialism requires that people cooperate with a stated set of collective objectives. Non-compliance renders socialism nonexistent. In order to survive, socialism has to quell non-compliance with the only means that states have. Bernie Sanders is in no way the person I feel most threatened by in the Democratic party. After Gabbard and Yang he is probably the most tolerable in that pack of authoritarians. 
Pretty much everyone running is advocating for a dramatic increase in the role of government in the everyday lives of its subjects. I think almost any of them, aside from the two I mentioned, would swiftly push the country in the direction of the European social democracies. 
I've been to most of them, I have a great time everywhere I go but I hate some of those governments and the timidity they create. It's very obvious in Sweden, and it's still even obvious in England, that divergent philosophies are the kind of things you hide at home and don't let your neighbors see. I think we will see increasingly brazen prosecution of thought criminals in those countries unless the reactionary movements shift the balance of power. I don't see any reason why a democratic socialist government in the United States would not go in the same direction.
@_date: 2019-07-02 06:54:11
Really poignant shit, just like really poignant shit. You write like a valley girl and want to come off as knowledgeable, it's a 2019 thing¡!¡!
@_date: 2019-07-02 05:51:39
I think these guys are politically motivated. All these reasons that this guy is a scam artist seem like stretches to me
@_date: 2019-07-02 06:13:57
My objection to socialism stems from my years as a committed socialist, my thorough reading of Marx, my research on the Fabians and Bismarckian Right-Hegelians. Not everyone is 14.
@_date: 2019-07-02 06:43:07
Yea, everything can be reduced to one sentence by the daffiest generation to walk the planet.
@_date: 2019-07-02 06:18:26
Not even just because of dishonest actors. Acton - power and absolute power.
"If the natural tendencies of mankind are so bad that it is not safe to permit people to be free, how is it that the tendencies of these organizers are always good? Do not the legislators and their appointed agents also belong to the human race? Or do they believe that they themselves are made of a finer clay than the rest of mankind?"
-Frederic Bastiat, The Law
@_date: 2019-07-02 06:04:23
Of the proletariat
@_date: 2019-07-02 06:10:11
Most of the world has socialist parties who form coalition governments with center-left parties and get a fraction of their agenda through. If they ever achieve absolute power in even European nations you will see the same results over time. In VZLA it took 15 years to get this bad, it would take longer in a richer country.
@_date: 2019-07-02 05:15:11
Amazing story man. I just got back from Lima, I have seen the Venezuelan population grow dramatically over the last 4 years, and I have spent a lot of time talking to people there about the evil government that destroyed your country. I think VZLA is one of the best illustrations of the real promise of crypto, I'm so sorry you had to go through that nightmare to shine a light on why Bitcoin is so necessary and why we need monetary independence from the sadistic monsters that like ruling people.
My only financial advice is to save enough btc to go to Cebichando and get a nice duo, or at least a leche de tigre and a plate of chaufa cevichando. Pm me if you get a chance to stop by and I'll reach out to the owner and see if he will let me cover your tab. Good luck man
@_date: 2019-07-02 05:46:36
I'm inclined to believe you. I'm also inclined to think this guy has some socialist sympathies. Nothing you said seems out of line with things I've heard. If you wanted all of your private information to be made public you would probably be on Facebook or Twitter. People are hysterical trying to defend this regime right now, it's a strange thing to watch. Gringos are easily the worst offenders.
@_date: 2019-07-02 19:19:17
This all seems like a lot of overanalysis to me. Either way I'm not giving anyone any money, I did offer ceviche at a friend's restaurant... Not too worried about that.
@_date: 2019-07-02 06:30:31
More like if all you idiots vote Bernie the chance I will get sent to a gulag one day rises exponentially. It starts the countdown to hate speech laws and the early stages of political imprisonment we are watching in Europe right now.
@_date: 2019-07-02 08:21:28
Yeah so he would only have to have been running 15 of them to make $5-7/month black market exchange rate. Doesn't sound crazy to me
@_date: 2019-07-02 14:09:32
I didn't see where he said he had 5, is it on the comments?
@_date: 2019-07-02 05:52:45
He was running a mining farm, easily 7x as much electricity as an average house
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:11:52
The innate utility of Bitcoin is far greater than gold.  This is a technology that could eventually render tax collection impossible and central banking irrelevant.  If you can't see the variety of uses for this technology that give it unique value than you haven't thought about it enough.
@_date: 2017-12-23 17:12:21
please visit gdax.com .  It is owned by coinbase and everyone with a coinbase account can instantly transfer their bch to gdax.com and sell now if they want to.  Look at the market, there has been around $280,000,000 worth of bch sold in the last 24 hrs, and the price is going up.  Your whole theory is dependent on absolute isolation from any facts and a desire to force Keynesian liquidity trap jargon into an inappropriate scenario.  Coinbase said publicly the whole time that they would wait for liquidity to become adequate on gdax before enabling sales on Coinbase itself.  
@_date: 2017-12-23 17:35:14
They are also familiar with liquidity traps and are preparing for this.  BTC price doubled in the course of the last month, that represents more demand than a bch sell off would represent anyway
@_date: 2017-12-26 00:27:55
You are a humble moral person
@_date: 2017-12-02 17:26:07
A lot of Keynesian-styled "experts" in here acting as if Keynes' view on inflation is the accepted view of everyone who studies economics.  This dismissive attitude backed by almost no critical thinking is the hallmark of the Keynesians.  According to the Austrian definition, this graph literally shows inflation.  Keynesians believed stagflation was impossible, and were tossed off of their high horse in the 70's when despite "stimulating aggregate demand" with inflation and redistribution schemes-economic growth stagnated.  Neo-classical economists were brought in by most western governments as a result and until recently Keynesians have only been the authority in our lovely university circle-jerks, where Marx also enjoys a higher status than economists skeptical about inflationary monetary policy.  
Austrian theory states that when a government seeks to plan and manage the economy, they will use price controls-subsidies-regulations-tariffs etc. to hide the effects of inflating the money supply.  They measure inflation using the CPI basket of goods which includes highly subsidized basics, and fails to account for a great variety of goods and services that do increase in cost.  Rent is an obvious example.  University education another.  Austrian theory uses rational thinking where these Keynesians will try to respond by showing a chart or graph, which will inevitable fail to address the holes in the methodology of inflation calculation.
All of this aside, military Keynesianism is the real reason that the effects of inflationary monetary policy have been softened.  The cost of this economic theory is global military presence and constant war.  Or we could base money on a scarce resource and let the chips fall where they may.
@_date: 2019-11-06 07:29:14
This sub is mostly head trauma victims at this point.
@_date: 2019-08-03 07:28:39
I'm definitely acting as if we will.
@_date: 2019-08-30 03:24:33
Decriminalized drugs too, they are doing some great things.
@_date: 2017-11-11 21:43:46
Well you definitely make this argument sound reasonable.  Everyone should take a hint from this guy
@_date: 2017-11-22 06:37:30
Rothbardian here, fuck net neutrality.  
@_date: 2017-11-03 15:32:43
It won't be because of capitalism, it will be because of corporatism, hybrid socialism, and central banking/planning.  Venezuela's economy is collapsing (probably more dramatically than will happen in major US collapse) because of socialism, for sure.  Socialists who used to celebrate Venezuela's economy will now call it state capitalism but it was the introduction of socialist redistribution, socialist planning and nationalization of industries that caused this easily forseeable collapse.  Critics of socialism explained why a hundred years ago with Mises' economic calculation problem, Hayek's knowledge problem, and the obvious incentive problem that renders subsidized classes immobile.
Capitalism simply means private ownership of the means of production.  It will be a centralized public (national debt and its effect on the dollar) or public/private institution (the Fed) responsible for any distortions in the market too large to be quickly corrected.  When I attribute any such crash to socialistic planning and the growth of institutions championed by critics of laissez faire in the US, there will be no inconsistency.  
The closest to pure capitalism the US ever got was the late 19th century.  Opponents of capitalism and liberalism have, for the most part, been in power since Teddy Roosevelt.  Progressivism is America's 3rd way, and is certainly not capitalism.
@_date: 2017-11-12 23:39:30
If you posted this you're an idiot.
@_date: 2017-11-30 06:08:25
Exactly.  Both.
@_date: 2017-11-13 03:40:41
Exactly, why do these nerds like Bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:32:44
No, corporativismo succeeded because of the appeal of Mussolini's anti-liberal anti-laissez faire rhetoric (he was the chief editor of the largest socialist magazine in Italy before coming to power).  In the United States corporatism succeeded because of the appeal of the anti-liberal an anti-laissez faire rhetoric of progressivism.  Prior to the progressive push for an income tax in the United States (1913) and introduction of massive regulatory apparatus (Wilson, New Deal), the collusion of government and Industry wasn't as fruitful as it is now. If the government doesn't have the ability to deny licenses to competitors what incentive does a Corporation have for collusion?  How about if the government doesn't have a budget sufficient for large-scale projects that they can grant contracts to preferred corporations for?  I'm driving and using voice to text right now but I vehemently disagree.
@_date: 2017-11-03 18:09:39
In a libertarian system there is no purpose for corporatism as there is no favor for the guilds to lobby for... You do understand that is what corporatism means right?  If there's no regulation and no taxation there is nothing the state can offer a producer.  Concentration of wealth and corporativism are completely different things that don't really have anything to do with each other. I also disagree that regulation serves as a barrier to concentration of wealth but that's a totally different discussion.
@_date: 2017-11-22 23:38:54
That's the argument of the left.  I've read more than 10 books by economists detailing that period of time, who lobbied for regulations, who it benefited, and the reasons why economic growth is responsible for the improvements in work conditions and compensation that anti-trust proponents claim for regulations.  If you are actually interested in economics we can debate specifics but every left wing American knows that sentence.
@_date: 2017-11-23 02:11:40
Bell Telephone was a government created Monopoly, and was the result of the same type of regulations that are promoted with Net Neutrality.  Someone on another sub summed it up perfectly in an earlier conversation: The reality of NN is a push for Title II regulati...
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:16:12
The inevitability of corruption in a scenario where the  state controls the means of production is another fatal flaw in socialism.  Of course the country would be better off under capitalism because the entire economy would be in the hands of private actors. In that scenario one corrupt leader has access to a minute fraction of the economic activity that he would under socialism.  In hybrid capitalism, the kind we have in the United States, that leader could only sap the economy through taxation and regulation to benefit preferred producers.  Even in that half socialist scenario the economy would still fare far better.  I disagree that corruption is the only reason the economy is collapsing in Venezuela and I would point to all the causes predicted by every opponent of Chavez when he first came to power, but even if I accept that as the sole cause it is still entirely made possible by socialistic nationalization of production and central planning.
@_date: 2017-11-12 23:41:06
Ohhhhh, "criminal"... what a bunch of fuckin nerds you guys are
@_date: 2017-11-11 20:57:30
Doesn't it seem like that's a problem we want to have?  Also these off chain options seem more centralized than any big block option, how is that consistent?
@_date: 2017-11-23 02:17:59
I come from a Union blue-collar Democrat family, I was fully conscious through the 90s and I'm fully aware of the claims made by labor and the left in general in regards to the cause of conditions improving at the same time as technology improved and the economy grew.  The rhetoric of the democratic party at the time (1950-1990) doesn't define what actually happened. Being there and being influenced by that rhetoric doesn't give you any better vantage point. In the end there are actual contributing factors and things that seem like they were contributing factors and those have to be weighed and proven on their own merit.  With all due respect.
@_date: 2017-11-04 17:02:03
You have made it very clear that you're not a fan of economic literature.  If you were your "arguments" would be backed by some manner of evidence or at least logic that demonstrates some sort of understanding of the back and forth between theories.  In response to this comment about antitrust I would respond the way Milton Friedman would: "All you've done is give me the preamble to the New Deal".  There are plenty of books to read detailing the corporate interests that lobbied for antitrust, the lack of evidence that antitrust laws achieved their stated purpose, and that could introduce you to the concept of regulatory capture.  Informed people who argue against such regulation do so because of this theory, not because they don't understand your "basic microeconomics notion".  Which economist did you learn this "basic microeconomics notion" from?
@_date: 2017-11-22 15:52:59
There are many barriers to entry, the big companies have territorial monopolies on most kind of infrastructure with government support.  I tried to get internet from a small competitor recently but they really have to go block to block, lawsuit to lawsuit, and come up with thousands of workarounds to compete with the local monopolies.  We are debating this on the wrong grounds if we act as if the existing cable companies represent any kind of free market
That's just adding nuance, I am still against net neutrality but this issue needs to be addressed to avoid the abuses of this cartel system.
@_date: 2017-11-23 19:00:33
The funny thing is I actually witnessed all those things myself. You have some idea that I'm 20 years old and that allows you to simply state Dennis Kucinich talking points without any evidence to back up your point on our disagreement. I'm no fan of NAFTA, I am against every war in every circumstance in the last century, and what I'm arguing is that regulations create the apparatus necessary for corporations to gain control over the government and squeeze out competition.  This is a often argued economic theory called regulatory capture, and there has been one hundred years of debate on the subject.  Some of the things you're referring to I'm in total agreement with you on, but my point is in every circumstance it's the fact that there's a government to manipulate that allows corporations to manipulate the government.  The growth of these powers that supposedly protect consumers and workers is manipulated by the largest corporations in the world who are the only ones capable of complying with the regulations. This serves as a barrier to entry to new competitors, stifles economic growth and leads towards monopoly.  The reason why we watched wealth inequality rapidly grow recently is that we gave trillions of dollars in bailouts to banks, and then loan them money at 0% interest so they can make profits on investments.  
As far as the manufacturing sector being shipped overseas and its effect on the US, that's a more complicated question. There is a Luddite impulse to associate a certain type of Labor with a certain level of compensation, but in reality the US is at a level of economic development that makes it hard to compete in manufacturing.  Contrary to folk opinion with a minimal amount of training people can make the same or more in new sectors, doing less dangerous jobs.  If we are going to rely on anecdotes, I recently worked on a shipyard on a project that the government controlled, requiring union labor and all the regulations you're talking about.  I was ridiculously overpaid, I worked with pretty much nothing but drug addicts and ex cons, and the result was a project that cost maybe 10 times what it would in a free-market scenario.  Of course that sounds nice for the meth addicts who are working on the the project, but that cost is shifted to the taxpayers and everybody who utilizes the finished product.  If our entire economy was protected in that manner, everything would cost that much. I can see some places where there is dramatic distortion, especially real estate and cost of education (but I believe those to be caused by government), but I also see a whole country full of people complaining and acting as if there are no options while there's money sitting on the table in every direction.  I'm a high-school dropout with completely sporadic work experience and I'm having no trouble in the current climate, I just don't depend on the government to take care of me in every circumstance.  
@_date: 2017-11-23 17:21:07
You can't honestly think reiterating how old you are will continue to be compelling.  In that time the manufacturing sector was robust and people could make a good living there, currently the tech and service sectors offer the same opportunity.  The places where what you're saying have some truth to it are especially things like real estate, where prices have dramatically risen as a result of efforts like Bill Clinton's in the 90s to increase homeownership rates.  When the Federal Reserve loans Money at 0% interest to investment bankers, that causes an artificial amount of investment to flow into tech companies whose growth (they don't have to turn a profit because of investment capital and rising stock prices so they just expand) increases demand for housing in the areas those companies are located- another housing bubble.  My contention is that government will always seek to take credit for anything at can to justify its Taxation and control over the people. They claim that regulation was responsible for the fact that working a lower middle-class job could allow you to own a home and put your kids through college during that time. My contention is that economic growth was responsible for that increasing quality of life and that the regulations and actions of government and central banks are responsible for whatever decline in quality life you are referring to. There can be two people who both lived through the span of your lifetime, one who believes economic growth was responsible for the preferable conditions, and another who believes regulatory apparatus and State control of Industry were responsible. There have always been divided camps on this issue.
  I grew up believing everything you're saying like it was obvious, much the way you feel it's obvious right now, but it doesn't hold up to investigation.  The things we are discussing are too large scale for any one person to be able to clearly see them on the ground. One regulation that benefits a worker in a specific industry might have a negative effect on another worker in another industry, or might limit entry to new workers.  These are very complicated questions.  I grew up hearing dogma about how if all labor was Union everybody would have higher wages, without anybody understanding that would mean that everything we buy would cost more unless we open yourself up to trade.  Increased wages mean nothing if the price of everything is increased, and opening ourselves to trade renders union labor uncompetitive and we end up with the result that we have in the United States currently, with all manufacturing going overseas. It takes effort to understand how these things are related and common sense really isn't sufficient. A lot of the shift away from that model that you prefer came as a response to stagflation in the 70s, which was inevitable due to the flaws inherent in that approach.
@_date: 2017-11-20 03:53:55
$10k Titan 4 piece living room fan/heater?
@_date: 2017-11-22 16:09:47
I'm against net neutrality and every other element of government control of this industry.  I agree, there is nuance to this.  The local utility monopoly privileges these companies benefit from are the only reason they can hold consumers hostage.  I say take all this energy and bust up the government protection of these cartels, rather than promote state actors as moral beings capable of overseeing the industry.
@_date: 2017-11-03 15:53:39
You have to read past this paragraph to see the part I'm referring to.
@_date: 2017-11-03 15:47:16
I think Marxist-Leninism can at least be referred to as socialist in public debate, it takes long winded arguments referring to internal socialist debates to claim otherwise. 
Aside from the theoretical support for vanguard dictatorship, Hayek's book does exactly what you ask.  It explains how due to flaws inherent in the socialist worldview, every socialist government will descend into dictatorship.
@_date: 2017-11-13 03:38:26
What are you some kind of Puritan?  Fuck you
@_date: 2017-11-18 00:45:02
Please don't.  Nobody who works hard for 25k/year is going to have a calm and rational reaction to the fact you have been a secret millionaire the whole time.  The fact that you're even asking for advice is all anyone needs to know.  If you are even a tiny bit uncertain, keep your fortune separate.  
@_date: 2017-11-11 20:06:53
Seriously.  It really makes the bch people look good honestly, it looks like a cult over here.  If there are any coherent arguments describing how BTC can lower fees and remain a means of exchange without increasing block size I would love to hear it, but people here don't make coherent economic arguments they flip out.  I'm holding both, it shakes out to the same thing for me, but if BTC doesn't address transaction fees it will lose this argument.  There seems to be a flight of people with the economic theory that got Bitcoin off the ground into bch.  My money is on Misesian, Rothbardian definition of money, if people here can't hold up to that I'm bullish on bch.
@_date: 2017-11-22 15:54:35
Here's the big problem with the existing system: 
Get government out top to bottom and then we will see market solutions to predatory behavior.
@_date: 2017-11-19 20:38:45
Sounds like you live in one of those Democratic Socialist paradises in Europe. 
@_date: 2017-10-13 02:39:02
Happened in less than 10 minutes