@_author: perfectangle
@_date: 2014-01-17 08:45:39
I don't see a need to create a separate currency mined using "proof of bandwidth". Why not just have nodes settle their bandwidth bill between themselves using bitcoin? I'm node A, I need to download a 10GB file. I broadcast a request for the file. All nodes who have the file respond with a "download offer" which includes download price for the file (or BTC/Kb rate). Node A accepts the best offer, based on price and reputation and starts downloading. When download is complete, node A pays node B agreed amount and transaction is complete. There's not need for "proof of bandwidth" because node A knows it recieved the file and node B doesn't need to proove that to other nodes.
To avoid node A cheating note B by not paying, file can be splitted up in chunks and payment required for each chunk. This combined with some kind of repuation system.
I think a good starting point would be one of the popular file sharing protoctols. Many of them can be enhanced by adding an incentive system where downloaders pay seeders a small amount for hosting.
@_date: 2014-01-12 07:11:46
every Winklevoss needs its Zackeberg.
@_date: 2014-01-12 08:15:38
interesting idea. it would need to integrate with exchanges, but it could be done.
@_date: 2014-01-12 07:36:46
I agree that if it is integrated into the phone it's ideal. everyone carries their phone with them anyway. but i think it's important that private key is not accessable by the phone app direcly. it should never be in the main memory. once the key is in the main memory it can be stolen by malware.
my vision how it can work: private key is stored in a dedicate place in the chipset. chipset needs to be able to take a piece of data passed from the OS, sign it using key and pass signed data back to the OS. this way OS never has access to the key. also user need to press a special hardware button for singing to take place, so that user needs to approve transaction in an explicit way.
of course something like this will require support from phone manufactures.