@_author: perfectelephant7
@_date: 2018-08-08 13:50:15
I was referring to life without parole as a punishment to Ulbricht. 
 
@_date: 2019-11-07 18:52:45
This is pretty preposterous.   
First of all cash in any currency, but especially USD, is a massive "problem" for "homeland security" considering it literally underpins the drug trade and large sections of the global shadow economy. Mexican cartels aren't risking to collapse the literal states of Mexico and Central America over Pesos, those organizations are awash in USD.   
But the most important thing here is that outside of a few privacy coins (which may have their own issues), Cryptocurrencies are remarkably easy to track - if anything Bitcoin and Ethereum are a Godsend to the NSA and Department of Homeland Security - these government agencies can figure out the entire web of transaction history. 
Given that we know the NSA tracks BTC, and probably most other coins, where can we really find a Cryptocurrency that offers truly confidential transactions, without government interference? I hear Zcash, Monero and Beam are doing this, but I don't see any use-cases and I believe these are still unproven.
@_date: 2019-11-07 19:04:10
I am no big Molyneux fan but the guy has produced some good videos and it is ridiculous for anyone to be censored - private corporations basically do the bidding of deep-state America, probably on their own accord.   
Which brings up a larger point, let's say I want to donate to a political dissident (and  I would not consider Molyneux as such, but he, or those like him, may be one day), even with BTC or ETH the government can track it. Private companies can track it, wallets can get flagged or doxxed over supporting "far-right" politics. Crypto is not the big answer, necessarily, at least until we figure out privacy and actual confidential transactions. How do we move funds without it being tracked is the big question.   
Most of the privacy coins are unproven but have some merits, or at least go in the right direction. I'll never give up on BTC, but it is not a panacea for all our problems, especially this type of problem.
@_date: 2018-07-31 08:21:37
life with no parole is a disgrace 