@_author: perfecktionist
@_date: 2014-10-07 20:28:04
"Theoretical cash flows"? LOL. Now it's clear you've never really done any math. As I've said, it's not about cash flows. Lag time on USD is irrelevant. The question you should be asking is do the markets offer enough depth with profitable arbitrage opportunities after considering the trading and transfer fees at the exchanges to produce the stated profits. One clue is that the larger the volume you trade the lower your fees are. Another clue is that there are always arbitrage opportunities anytime you look at  
The audit results have been delayed, I hear, because the auditor cannot confirm that all liabilities have been accounted for. The solution is to set up a public listing of all shares so investors can confirm that their shares are being counted. If any investor does not see the shares they own then that would indicate that those liabilities were not revealed to the auditor. The point is to prove that the company has more assets than liabilities. There is no benefit to the company for understating assets or overstating liabilities so it doesn't matter if all investors bother with that process. If any of them say their shares are not there it would be confirmation of a problem. That public listing is being setup now. Releasing the first part of the audit without clearing up that caveat would be no more than food for trolls like you. 
Regarding the software BT uses, it's off the shelf third party stuff with customizations. Yeah, the same software is used by some shady outfits, so what? Criminals use guns, are cops likely criminals because they both use guns? Yeah it could be something else but "likely"-hood as you've claimed requires more than a commonality like that.   
I don't know how you think you know the minds of "most of the customers". I suspect you actually don't. If you did have such a super power I imagine you could use it for something more meaningful.
Lastly, the fact that BT has not made a payment yet today, when their website says they reserve the right to process withdrawal requests within 48 hours during weekdays, does not prove any point you've tried to make. On the contrary, it proves you are just a miserable troll.
     
@_date: 2014-10-08 21:05:00
Well you've drawn me back in, I can't ignore that the characteristics you list as evidence are mostly circumstantial evidence, at best, and as such your list deserves further discussion.
* Daily returns of around 1%
In any market other than Bitcoin +3% to -3% per day would be preposterous, yes. But with Bitcoin, the volatility is unique among asset classes. The value growth of bitcoins itself (in the 1000's% per year range) would "evidently" make it a ponzi, by this measure.  
* Investment lock-up period
This characteristic is typical of any kind of investment where capital is put to work in sometimes illiquid markets such as hedge funds, bonds and futures to avoid liquidity problems. Hardly "evidence of a ponzi".
   
* The company is registered in Panama
Slander. Panama attracts legitimate businesses for a variety of reasons, ask Erik Voorhees. IMHO, I think it's racist to suggest Panamanian business registration is "evidence of a ponzi". Where are native Panamanians supposed to register their business to avoid such discrimination?
* Offer high referral commissions
Multi-level marketing companies are some of the biggest in the world. ACN for example (a fortune 500 company) did $550,000,000 in sales during 2010. They have 7 levels of down line commission and offer as much as 10%. BT has 1 level of down line and offers 5% commission. Not much of a smoking gun if fortune 500 companies offer higher referral commissions.
* Anonymous owners (even though they claim to operate out of London) 
The owner (John Carley) is hardly anonymous. Did you know you need to provide a passport and proof of residency to register a business in Panama? File that under "no evidence" in this case. 
* No proof of income generating activity
True! Then again, I have no idea how bitcoin wallet maker Blockchain(.info) generates income. Free software, third party bitcoin storage, seems legit! Call me a sucker but I actually trust them, do you? 
* Provide a link to a HYIP scripts website
They provide a link to a software vendor. The package does what they need, it has the right features and came at the right price. It's a tool. If there is a specific feature there that has no use other than scamming people, please point it out. Can you suggest another program that does the same stuff for the same price? please, point it out. Calling this "evidence of a ponzi" is rather disingenuous. It's like the argument about criminals using guns, cops have guns, are they all criminals?
"The facts are the facts, and the evidence is the evidence and the preponderance of it is those points". Not very compelling ones in my view, but your mileage may vary. I think you're wrong to label BT a ponzi with the assertiveness you do, based on the "evidence" you have. 
I appreciate your efforts to encourage investors to do their own due diligence, caveat emptor. I tell people new to Bitcoin don't invest more than you can afford to lose, in anything. That said, be careful with your words. They have specific meanings. The audit should clear up some questions. If anyone is spooked by Panamanian registration or anything else then don't invest. It's that simple. 
@_date: 2014-10-07 17:22:32
Can you provide your math so we can see where you went wrong? 
"USD doesn't flow easy enough to do the "repeat" part of arbitrage." might be true for people with limited liquidity but what if you have daily and ongoing cash transfers to re-balance accounts?  The lag is not important, you always have transfers arriving to use for seizing opportunities. Those opportunities were as much as $13.88/BTC on the USD exchanges over the weekend (when bitcoin-trader was not trading).
Maybe it just dosen't add up for you because you're not very good at math. Your argument is tantamount to saying: "USD dosen't flow easily, therefore no-one in the world is able to do arbitrage profitably", which is ignorant because I've done it and I know several others who have as well. 
So please! Let's see your 'math' which 'proves' your point. 
@_date: 2014-10-07 19:43:23
"Do they pay their investors 144%+ annually on their dollar too?"
Do other commodity markets have a $13+ spread on a &lt;$300 unit? Are they as volatile as Bitcoin? No? Hmm. See, dozens of world governments have issued warnings to their people about speculating in Bitcoin specifically because of the wild volatility. Volatility = arbitrage opportunity. If volatility in gold caused governments to issue warnings about speculating in it (and other conventional commodities), then I suppose your comparison would be meaningful.  
@_date: 2014-10-07 17:34:37
I suppose companies which do arbitrage trading in the gold and other commodity markets must be ponzi schemes as well, right? They use USD, which "doesn't flow easy enough to do the "repeat" part of arbitrage.
Those companies profit with far less volatility in the commodities they trade... and they do it with USD!
@_date: 2014-10-08 17:21:49
You admit you might be wrong but you speak in bold and certain tones. "It's a Ponzi. All the evidence points that way.."  
That's deliberate and dishonest FUD. The people who gave you 560 karma points must be embarrassed by the ridiculous claims you've offered up as proof, which I'll paraphrase here for posterity.
1. "I've done math (and you can too) which demonstrates it's a ponzi. Even theoretical cash flows can't explain the results"
2. "USD circulates too slow for the 'repeat' part of arbitrage to be profitable, obviously that applies to any market"
3. "You can tell it's a ponzi because only crooks use that software"
4. "I can read minds! I know what other people think and believe"
5. "Bitcoin trader is not releasing earnings"
Your credibility and critical thinking on this issue were seriously in question after three strikes. 
The audit will indeed prove something. As a hint on how that will go, it seems a low proportion of companies in the Bitcoin space have agreed to conduct an audit of any kind.
I'm going to quit this crusade now but before I go I want to point out that BT has contributed to the Bitcoin world by sponsoring events and initiatives like the conferences in Toronto, Chicago, Raleigh and Orlando, as well as sponsoring the Bitcoin car give away tour visiting scores of cities to raise awareness and educate about Bitcoin. They've done nothing to earn the slander they suffer, other than make really good returns.
OK, they have crappy customer communications, I agree with that.
      
@_date: 2014-10-07 22:51:47
"Again, why are you bickering with me? Get a life.."
Says the troll, after all his baseless attacks have been batted right back in his face.
LOL 
@_date: 2014-10-08 13:58:50
Sorry for your luck but when you claim "the math.. doesn't add up", as you have, YOU are making a PROVABLE statement. The burden of proof is on you to demonstrate that you are not spreading FUD with lies. 
Here's another of your lies:  "The fact BT is failing to make their payments proves my point". The latest news is that Bitcoin Trader IS paying their customers, USD withdrawals are working fine. The technical problem with the keyserver for BTC transactions is still getting fixed but your claim is "proof" has been dis-proven.
If you want to revisit this after the audit has been completed and validated that's fine, but until then "All the evidence" here points to you being just a low-info FUD junkie with intellectual honesty issues.
Yes, I joined just to comment here because I'd heard there were lies being spread. I found them, and I'm here to expose them. Who's a troll? The guy making baseless attacks, or the guy defending the victim of that slander? 
