@_author: perilprotocol
@_date: 2014-12-15 02:46:03
I think its interesting that in school we learn about what the world was like 40+ years ago, and barely touch current events.  At least that is what my high school was like.  We spend 3 months on WW2, Cold-War, Vietnam etc, but we breezed by anything after the wall falling.
Its only 4 years later when I'm about to graduate that I realize the US is not the same country we learned about in Highschool.  A lot has changed in the last 15 years that I fear the general public doesn't comprehend.  People are so distracted by "Global Warming Fears", "Healthcare Policy", etc, but glaze over the real problem at hand. The current financial state of our country is in peril.  It's so backwards that the only thing officials and bankers can do is feed the beast.  Every year monetary officials stur the stock markets, what they say and report DIRECTLY impacts the global market.  If Janet Yeller came out tomorrow and said our goal for inflation is %5.5 this year, the stock market would react in an extremely predicable manner.  Stakes are so high right now.  I'm not saying that Jannet Yellen is currupt like some of you would think.  Jannet Yellen is in a giant fucking hole.  She has know fucking clue how to fix this mess and her main priority right now is to keep the economy going in a predicable manner.  The primary goal of the Fed right now is to not create panic.  As long as the stock market is climbing 7% they consider themselves good and will do anything to keep it going like that.  Meanwhile, they are inflating our US currencies to reduce the real value of debt they own.  If the US has 10 trillion in some sort of national debt, they can slowly reduce the real value of their debt.  If you have debt, inflation is the best thing for you, because the actual amount of money you owe is reduced along side of it.  This is basically the US's goal at the moment, and no one in thier right mind in the US is admitting that.  Everyone knows this, but no one admits it, because it would create panic.
This is why the Fed is absolutely terrified of Bitcoin.  If there was a true way to eliminate volitility in the money market they would go bankrupt.  There is no way the Fed could wage their currency war against us and against all foreign countries.  Look how China has begun to act, aiming for a 5% inflation target to increase the growth of their economy.  Now, there are some smart ideas out there of how inflation can actually help a lot of people get out of debt.
One of the best reasons to have inflation is to help people who are in debt over their heads reduce the real value of their debt.  The idea is that if we can inflate our currency by 4%, every debt an american has to any bank, is reduced by 4%.  However, this only helps people if they are in debt.  For a lot of middle class americans who are not in a terrible financial situation, you are getting robbed blind.  If you don't have most of your money as a loan or asset, your just losing money every year.  You're government is trying to prevent you from saving your money.  They want good housing numbers, they want good consumer spending indices, they want their party to look they are doing a good job, even if the long term effects may be bad.  They are power hungry fools who would try anything to get short term results.
tl;dr Bitcoin is disrupting the foundation of our monetary system and I think its up against a bigger fight than a lot of us are making it out to be.
@_date: 2014-11-24 19:29:45
Yes this is honestly my biggest fear of bitcoin.  Cyber crime could increase widely.
@_date: 2014-11-24 19:28:44
I know but the idea of ransom is new.  If a hacker attacked a website it might not be in the best interest of the hacker to demand money, because any current type of wire transfer can be tracked.  
With bitcoins, hackers can just say, pay me 300 BTC and I will restore your website.
@_date: 2014-12-15 06:15:48
Listen, I'm not fighting bitcoin, i love the idea.  I think it will fix the curruption in banking and monetary policy.
But look at your dollars buying power and how its changed in the last 15 years. A house equity loan is exactly what im talking about.  That is good debt for you to have right now because of what the gov is doing.  They want you to take out loans and invest.  That is precisely why they have an inflation target of 3%.  Its not necessarily bad what they are doing, thats not what im saying.  I'm saying that Bitcoin's presence wont allow the government to manipulate like they are currently doing.
@_date: 2014-11-24 19:29:01
Bitcoin transactions are not anonymous but the owner of the funds is anonymous.