@_author: perky_penis88
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:59:51
Firstly becareful if anyone PMs you asking for too much details as in your private keys or passwords. If they get access to your private keys your Bitcoin is as good as gone and there is no way to get them back. 
The best way to exchange Bitcoin for money is through an exchange and doing the research YOURSELF is worth it. If it's a sizeable amount it's worth the research and time. Bitcoin itself is complicated and hard to understand at first but once you get the basics it's not as bad. Best way to start is to register an account at an exchange. I use GDAX and Kraken. GDAX has slightly higher fees but it is a lot easier to navigate if you are new to cryoto. Once you register get verified as soon as possible. Seeing as crypto is blowing up there will be some delay in getting registered. Be patient. Doing things hastily or getting someone else to do it for you will might cause you to loose everything. 
Once registered set up a wallet on the exchange and transfer all your coins to it. After that if your primary goal is to get rid of them as fast as possible set a market order and you can sell everything at once. You'll have cash at this point. Last step would be to transfer your USD to your bank. And that should be it... in the simplest terms possible. 
Also it's worth noting that if you had Bitcoin before Aug 1st of this year you are going to have what is Bitcoin cash which is another type of crytpo currency that you got for free for holding Bitcoin. To get ahold of these funds will take some more technical research. But it is worth it. Seeing that the market right now values one Bitcoin Cash at $3000. 
Again please, please, please becareful and do the research. Don't trust any internet strangers to do his for you because you are lazy. If they manage to get your coins there is no way on getting them back. If it is too much for you try to find a friend that you trust and know in person to do this for you. 
I know it seems like a lot at first but do your homework. You don't need to know how Bitcoin works you just need to avoid all the scams an trust me when I say this there are a lot and it is incredibly easy to loose everything.
Also when transferring coins from wallet to wallet the first time always try to do a small amount first to know it works and shows up on your account/exchange you are on.
Again try not provide anyone with a lot of personal information regarding your coins. 
Edit: As far as tax implications it's always worth getting a professional involved to avoid anything bad with the IRS. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:03:02
Coinbase is GDAX. GDAX is the exchange where you can buy/sell/trade. People use Coinbase mostly for just buying. 
If you have a Coinbase account you have a GDAX account. 