@_author: perpetualprotracting
@_date: 2018-01-24 18:13:36
You are significantly overvaluing the "cost" to the bank on a per customer basis for those services. Like orders of magnitude overvaluing.
It's far more likely that the bank is interested in reducing both deposit risk and making their internal numbers look better. Banks make *MASSIVE* amounts of their income from fees. This is a win/win for them. If a relatively tiny customer leaves, their deposit averages look better. If the customer stays, they earn fee income.
This has fuckall to do with "regulations," so climb down from your "government bad!" perch and join the discussion with some honesty in your perspective.
@_date: 2017-12-02 03:53:24
Oh for sure. Everyone can move to Akron and buy a 1200 square foot house. The job and housing markets of "affordable" cities are totally ready for the millions of individuals currently struggling to get by. Those cities are definitely well-known for their exceptional wages, after all.
The only one comparing apples to oranges is you. You seem to believe that it's totally honest and fair to compare standards of living from a time with no internet to now. From landlines only to cell phones.
You're clearly uninterested in reality. 3-4 vacations a year? Please, many people can't afford to travel out of state, let alone across or out of country *multiple times per year*.
The average person **cannot** buy a house and a car on a single salary these days. It's simply not possible. The real median income in the U.S. is $31,099.
Of course, all of this conveniently ignores that one cannot simply up and find affordable housing and a good job. There simply aren't enough of either to meet demand any more. Again, that's the larger point you seem to be missing. You insist "anyone" can do it, but can *most* people, *at the same time*? The answer is no, and that's a problem.
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:22:01
Uh, about that...
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:14:42
We don't know how much money OP has been transacting with Coinbase, for one. If it's significant enough quantities, they could very well be causing the bank to submit SARs (suspicious activity report) or CTR (currency transaction report) if over $10,000.
Specifically in regards to the SAR, the use of digital currency is a known avenue for illicit activity. Obviously not everyone (or even a majority of individuals) are doing such a thing, but that doesn't negate the fact that people do engage in it. This means banks must make a determination if they believe the use of such financial transactions is for illegal purposes.
For those reasons, plenty of financial institutions simply aren't willing to go through the hassle of tracking and reporting cryptocurrency transactions, including through applications and sites that support them.
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:57:30
CTRs include currency exchanges, which applies to crypto as well.
As for the SAR - that was my point in noting that we're missing information here. A letter of warning from a bank is about as vague as it gets, particularly when dealing with financial transactions. Could be questionable activity, could be the bank just isn't willing to process items that involve cryptocurrencies or their sponsors.
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:20:19
It's not incorrect, it's just not necessarily the entire story.
FinCEN requires the filing of a Suspicious Activity Report for aggregate transactions of $5,000 or more where money laundering is suspected.
That said, we have no idea how much money OP is actually dealing in here, so it could be that the bank is simply not interested in tracking that particular type of transaction.
@_date: 2017-12-01 18:25:00
Christ yes, retailers (particularly grocery) have done an incredible job at shrinking product size while costs remain the same, which accomplishes two things for them: it means they don't have to change prices, thus retaining customers, and they continue to protect their profit margins.
Customers, however, don't realize they are paying more for the same product as they were last year or the year before.
@_date: 2018-09-19 01:33:27
"a regulated market caught and resolved a problem - this is why we need unregulated, easily manipulate markets where no one can ever dispute a problem."
Yes, this is a quality "bitcoin is best for everything" post indeed. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 00:03:27
Fair enough - I'm just a stickler when it comes to posts that say "you're wrong" and don't elaborate on why or how.
I agree though, it's likely risk reduction on the bank's part fueling this. At $583M in total assets, these guys are pretty tiny.
@_date: 2017-12-01 18:21:46
Oh, for sure. I know lots of people who buy a house, a car, and put their kids through college on factory wages. Lots!
@_date: 2018-06-29 01:45:45
You have to be pretty disingenuous to attempt to argue that anyone, in any tax system, is "only" keeping 20% of what they earn.
Maybe you don't understand how tax brackets work, or maybe you're the ironically intellectually lazy individual you seem to take umbrage with.
P.S. The vast majority of people arguing against wealth aren't indiscriminate as you so incredulously assume - they're typically against unchecked wealth, largely relating to the mega-wealthy and corporations (including CEOs, for example) who earn orders of magnitudes more money than any individual while the latter individuals struggle to get by. 
You conveniently ignore the ever-widening wealth and wage gap, the massively increasing worker productivity while compensation stagnates, and the constantly eroding worker rights thanks to a profits-above-all-else mentality that you seem to delight in.
We're fucked, all right. You just don't care to accept where the responsibility for that lies.
@_date: 2018-06-29 01:58:31
It's not about relative ease of replacement, it's about how much productivity companies piss away constantly through lack of motivation (incentive) and lost or missing talent (people leaving for better compensation or positions going unfilled due to non-competitive packages) because they don't value the average worker enough.
Literally anyone who works for a company with several thousand employees or more will acknowledge this is an ongoing and widespread problem.
There's a reason you have to leave a company to increase your salary: because they simply don't give a fuck about their employees anymore.
@_date: 2018-06-29 01:51:17
Maybe we've got different definitions of "become" and "independent," but being bought out isn't really an entrepreneur "becoming" a huge corporation - they're literally being bought out. This almost certainly results in that small business being consumed, destroyed, and the corporation assumes ownership over their product, concept, assets, etc.
They've made a lot of money, sure. But "become" a large corporation? No, they got consumed. It's not the same thing at all.