@_author: personaoftheday
@_date: 2014-02-22 13:16:38
I was only recently introduced to the Ethereum project. While I can't say I feel the project is perfect, it's not like they're releasing tomorrow either. Yes, they overuse the phrase "turing complete". Yes, they have way too many acronyms. Yes, right now even most developers have trouble understanding it. But I've read the whitepaper (a few times, so some of it has sunk in) and I've been playing around with it, so I'm going to just jump on in with some sleep-deprived ramblings.
Let's talk about this new language. There's two parts to it. The first is similar to Bitcoin's [Script]( It's talked about [here]( in the whitepaper. As you can imagine, writing a program in that format isn't the easiest. So the team also wrote [Ethereum C-Like Language]( which compiles into Ethereum Script. I'm sure people could come up with ways to compile JavaScript (as someone else mentioned) or pretty much anything else into Script, and if Ethereum gains enough users I'm sure they will. But until then, there's just the two. And yes, they're both new. But seriously, ECLL looks like Python and JS had a lovechild, so it's gonna be pretty easy to pick up.
Concern has been expressed over what these scripts are able to access. Since they work on a stack (similar to Bitcoin's Script) they have to be able to access the data in that. They are able to access a temporary block of memory while they are running. Finally, they're also able to access stored data, and store their own data, on the blockchain. All of these can be limited by the implementation.
So what stops people from uploading their movie library into the blockchain, or as has been mentioned infinite times, creating an infinite loop? Nothing! But that's where the currency portion, Ether, comes in. You want to store data on the blockchain? There's a fee for every byte. You want to create an infinite loop? Every iteration will cost you. You want to load data about another transaction? [You gotta pay for it]( If you script doesn't have enough coins, it gets killed. Violently.
So now on to some of my (probably undereducated) opinions. Ether is more like tickets at a carnival than a currency. Yeah, it will be used, and traded, as a currency. Yeah, they'll have monetary value. But at the end of the day, they're meant to be used to *do* stuff. Things like run scripts and store data. They won't all *be* used for that, but it's a free country, so whatever.
There's some mixed messages coming through the crypto community. On one hand, a lot of people hate altcoins. Especially the clones, but even those that try to be different. Yet on the other, people are claiming that strict, well-defined protocols are the thing to create. Yes, some of these features (such as colored coins) can be used on the Bitcoin block chain, but it's also not what it was designed for. Overall, strapping things on the Bitcoin blockchain just seems... kludgy. It's a transactional ledger, not a whiteboard.
Finally, I think that Ethereum is really, really, really freaking complicated. Especially how it's usually being explained right now. But it's only a few months old. In Bitcoin terms, it's essentially at a stage where you have to handwrite opcodes and sign your own transactions. Tools will be built, clients improved, and a helluva lot more before it's ready for the mainstream. Even if it never really catches on, there's a least lessons that can be learned from it. Probably even for Bitcoin.
PS: It took me way too long to write this, and the conversation has kinda moved on. But whatever.