@_author: persiadark
@_date: 2017-12-13 02:35:35
I'm pretty sure there are more Satoshis than the amount of microwaves the human species could actually construct over the course of hundreds of years?
@_date: 2017-12-28 03:15:40
There was a Reuters report from an hour ago that seems to be causing waves.
But to answer your overall question: There are many reasons why you see the random fluctuations. Most of it is structural: For example look at the overall volume on GDAX. 24-hour  volume for Bitcoin on GDAX might be around $400 million. DAILY volume (which is not 24-hours) for Apple is almost 4 billion. What that means is its easier to impact stock price with relatively little movement: For example some bigwig could hit the sell button on 1 million dollars worth of Bitcoin (or 4 guys hit $250k at the same time, etc). That would cause a downward spike as they use all the buy-orders they can find (specifically by eating up all the limit orders, and then triggering and eatting up stop orders). It causes a chain reaction - sometimes more pronounced than others. 
On the topic of 24-hour exchange, this is not uncommon to regular stocks / commodities either (though generally more related to news when the market cap is bigger). Most of the big percentage changes tend to happen in after-hours, and the price doesnt technically change until NYSE or whatever opens back up. 
There are other issues caused by unregulated exchanges, you have been hearing about "circuit breakers" in the news since the financial collapse because that tries to cut off the selling death spiral, etc - we generally dont have that unless an exchange does it on their own. 
ALSO crypto is speculative right now, in the sense that people are not exactly sure how everything is going to play out. So its not the same as buying coca-cola and hoping hoping kids dont stop drinking soda - there are way worse things (or good things) that can happen. Think of the financial crisis in certain countries where they made it ILLEGAL to change currency out for US dollars (basically a fiat currency circuit breaker). Think of the impact if the US or China suddenly said owning Bitcoin was illegal (unlikely, but within the realm of possibility). Thus the "FUD" everyone is talking about. 
Probably like 10 other reasons but those are probably the big ones.
@_date: 2017-12-13 00:41:08
People are saying the price of the asset is a bubble. I can fly from Washington DC to Beijing for $1500. My 55" HDTV cost like $400. Microwaves are still at full adoption and cost like $50. 
Even if Bitcoin specifically was fully adopted, it doesn't mean it has to have a high price, right? (Leaving that as a question incase someone did some satoshi math and we dont have enough to go around)
@_date: 2019-01-15 07:01:52
This news are kind of from nowhere, aren't they? Not an actual investigation. I'm sure Binance and Bitfinex are out of such troubles.
@_date: 2018-02-09 17:36:46
He means no state income tax. Most US states have an income tax separate from federal income tax, but not all of them. The ones that dont have individual income tax still have other state taxes (Corporate income, property, sales).
@_date: 2018-02-08 17:05:05
This article is heavily misleading. I've sold some stuff on craigslist before, they simply let you flag your post as willing to accept Crypto as payment. Craigslist doesnt do ANY payment processing, let alone Crypto. They literally just added some flair, you could have advertised accepting crypto beforehand manually by just typing it in. 
Craigslist is huge and its a pro-crypto move, but they literally coded a checkbox. 