@_author: person51389
@_date: 2019-03-22 22:00:18
At the bottom of the pic you can see she is barefoot...while he is wearing huge sneakers....so that increases the effect, but isn't the actual height difference. 
@_date: 2019-03-22 22:58:53
Ok, imagine she is in 6 inch heels (instead of barefoot so add 6 inches) and he is barefoot instead.  (Takes off another 3 inches, thus ..that is almost a 1 foot difference, 9 inches...which would definitely be noticably different, even a few inches can look different.). Having her barefoot and him wearing shoes...makes it look wierd beyond the normal thing we would see to our eyes...
It's an effect pretty much.  Just as a short actor stands on a crate...the actual height difference here is being exaggerated by 6 inches...
@_date: 2018-11-23 09:53:38
Um, no.  credit card companies charge the business, and the business passes it off to the consumer via their prices.  So you don't NOTICE a fee...but the credit card company (and often a middleman company that processes the transactions...) all charge a fee..that eats away at businesses profits, and...is passed onto the buyer during every transaction.  Just look up the CEO in America that decided to take like a 70% pay cut to pay all his workers almost the same as him.  It was a story about a year ago...his business is I think the credit card middleman thing so the box restaurants use when they swipe a card.  His company processes it (for a fee maybe 1 or 2 or 3% and the cc company gets another fee as well.)  
Bitcoin eliminates all this nonsense as well as the middleman/middlemen.  So of course...both the cc companies and all the middlemen companies want to see it fail...but...its the future..  (maybe not btc but crypto especially if it can get to be more energy effecient possibly other coins...)
Bottom line the fees are way less, way less steps have to occur, and with scale its just as fast. (and gives more power to consumer, also more privacy, and freedom to buy what you want no restrictions on use etc.)