@_author: pesanggrahan
@_date: 2017-11-10 10:20:50
You're doing a great work welcoming new users to this space my friend. I have been lurking for quite some time but never before felt the urge to actually add to the discussion. I guess you prefer me to just keep lurking and not ask any difficult questions. 
@_date: 2017-11-09 19:43:16
I might be missing something fundamental here, but how do you mean "they were going to rely upon the ecosystem to subsidize the work for them"?
I assume you mean the blocksize increase and the fact that nodes would bear higher costs due to it. But this makes no sense. SegWit is a blocksize increase. And the cost should be very closely the same for a SegWit transaction versus a legacy transaction. 
As I began, I might be missing something, but right now your argument just don't seem to be very coherent. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 06:04:22
Segwit2x doubles the total blocksize, but that does not alter the argument here. It doesn't double the size of transactions. A Segwit transaction is exactly the same size (or a tad larger, I'm not sure) as a legacy transaction. Now you are talking about the resource usage of the total network while before you were lambasting Coinbase for the resource usage of individual transactions. That makes non sense since the resource usage is not lower for a Segwit transaction than a legacy transaction. 
Coinbase using legacy transactions instead of Segwit transactions does not increase resource usage. It only decreases the number of transactions that can be squeezed into every block. But if you believe the limited number of transactions per block is a problem you should be in favour of a blocksize increase à la Segwit2x. Which I understand you are not. As I said, your standpoint makes no sense. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 12:15:52
What's that got to do with anything? The age of my account has nothing to do with my knowledge of bitcoin. The bitcoin world is not limited to Reddit you know. I bought my first bitcoins in 2012 and by now I'm fairly familiar with the basic workings of the system. 