@_author: pescennius
@_date: 2017-12-12 12:56:05
Thank you for saying this so well. I've been lurking here since 2013, I have BTC, ether, and have learned to develop blockchains in the 4 years I've been following Bitcoin. I think the idea of a non tracked deflationary currency definitely had a lot of appeal amongst the anarcho-libertarian crowd as well as Austrian Rothbard school economists.  
These early adopters definitely set a vision of "the moon" and many people who have gotten on the BTC train have been sold a future where they are more free. But I think this plays into the aspirations of any radical (communist, socialist or libertarian) ideology that hierarchy can be eliminated. The common thread of all these groups is the want to gain control and to the reduce the power of institutions they feel unjust. Libertarians feel the government is the bad institution while leftist will say corporations are corrupt institutions. At the end of the day neither is going to change the reality that a person's set of choices are largely going to be in the control of institutions they have no influence over. 
So you are right, institutions serve some purpose, they may be corrupted and imperfect, but they aren't going anywhere. They'll fight you with the full might of their resources and even if you win another heirarchy will emerge and at best you'll be a player in the new corrupt institution. Sometimes I feel like people don't appreciate that people have been trying to build societies for thousands of years and we're not even much better at it then 2000 years ago...
@_date: 2017-12-12 13:45:17
Which is why it won't work. Everyone participating has to value decentralization and value it more than short term gain. If privacy has taught us anything it'd that the majority of people will trade their privacy for free email. 
And even if you and a lot of like minded people choose decentralization, if enough of the masses doesn't then you still are subject to that heirarchy. You'll have family who chooses centralization, jobs, vendors, etc. 
It's not feasible imo until there is a real tangible incentive in the short term for people to do it. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 15:03:01
I don't think OP has Stockholm syndrome. What you are talking about is a redistribution of power. Inevitably that requires certain parties to cede their power. That isn't as trivial as a technology change. If Bitcoin really gets to the point of destabilizing existing power structures, wars are gonna be fought over that, it isn't going to happen peacefully. 