@_author: petarpetrovictrades
@_date: 2018-01-04 12:11:10
This is most likley since they understand by doing this they may potentially get others interested into reading their news. Anyway this is good as we see more adoption - becaue when people see something like this they may believe in agenda. Because it's somebody with authority behind it and saying it this is bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-20 09:44:04
really strange, some people knew. They might be prohibited but they could tell their friends to make the pump go wild. When other people see how fast price is moving they would rather buy bitcoin cash, we see how big exchanges can manipulate with people.
It's better to give them explanation which coin is what and to put notice that trading is risky. Not to start the pump, lunch bitcoin cash and enjoy people feeling FOMO and coinbase earns of this all.
Nothing will happen at end this is empty talk, they did it on purpose.
@_date: 2017-12-20 09:28:18
Every single thing in the crypto world is about money, always will be. Masses are easily manipulated I don't say that LN or bigger blocks will save us blah blah. Fork was done for a reason to make some people rich in the scene. Same way why devs opt to contribute their time to some altcoin more, rather than bitcoin it self. If we all worked to make bitcoin better, it should have solved scaling issue.
Thing with BCH and other forks is that its easier to lure people in because they already have some coins. You can sell the main coin for other one and double your "fresh new bitcoins".
But like everything in life every single thing is for money. Capitalism is breaking us a part. Bitcoin has no central authority but it has brand that's why BCH is there for, it is relying on it's brand. Why people don't buy LTC, ETH? Because Bitcoin has a brand, if you know how to manipulate with people it's easy... there are other alts that have advanced features better than BTC and BCH combined, but you have some people that are pulling strings to make themself rich. This is all whats it about, many money is being thrown at the table and it can seem like a ponzi. 
We need situation to calm down.
@_date: 2017-01-06 15:30:00
Its all a little gamble, you could "invest" in some coin hoping that it price will go high or you could transfer your btc to a "more stable coin" like dogecoin/litecoin (maybe). I myself like to gamble and to buy few coins that caught my eye hoping their price will raise to make a profit.
Do this at your own risk:
if you need the money I will tell you to go fiat 
But if you want/like to gamble you can try to shift your coins (nobody can predict the market).