@_author: petezilla
@_date: 2014-04-25 20:43:53
This view of yours isn't new or profound in the slightest, in fact it's been the prevailing cynicism since Thomas Hobbes, in *the 1600's*.    
Most anarchists don't believe that government should be eradicated overnight while allowing everything else that's in place already to remain. A lot of anarchists are also anti-capitalist and see that the capital system is not just part of the problem but one in the same problem as the problem of living under a state, because they go hand in hand. How are you going to rob me for 50 bucks if there's no such thing as bucks? What do you need? Can't we run the world without it? we do already, partly because we have to but I think we would want to anyways.
Anarchism isn't a political belief like Fascism or Democracy, it's a philosophical affirmation of what is truly oppressive, and an optimism that living that way is not part of human nature, but rather the consequence of systems which have been put in place without us agreeing to them.
EDIT: I just want to say that I'm not degrading your statement at all - they are very good points and the most challenging to anarchism. I don't want this to descend into a war, I just wanted to offer the view of Anarchism as a philosophy rather than a political system. As such, the anarchist view has been developed in relation to deep questions about consent and liberty, and is manifest through different possibilities and opposition to oppression.
@_date: 2014-04-26 00:33:23
Are you safe from psychopaths with the state in existence? What about from the psychopaths with the law on their side? Do you really think there's an invisible fence keeping them all out? Does the 'safety' we enjoy justify the violence abroad our state uses to secure it? To me anarchism is the belief that there's a psychopath in all of us regardless of who's holding all the guns and charging rent for our existence. Cooperation is what makes things work.
@_date: 2014-04-26 15:18:55
You're making a straw man argument. Syria isn't an 'anarchist society." It's a country torn by civil war. The reason that people live a horrible fear there of being taken over by armed men is because of political battles being fought by multiple factions for dominance over each other and for the land they live on, not because they live in a stateless world free of oppressive hierarchy. The struggle there would have to be resolved before anything resembling what anarchism wishes for could happen.