@_author: peterk_ch
@_date: 2018-01-27 20:02:05
Sorry to say that, but all the people who tries to diminish bitcoin with the argument of "Intrinsic value" have obviously no clue of what they talk. Sorry Shiller bro!
To make the matter worse, the theory of "intrinsic value" says, that Crypto is very valuable, and fiat is close to bullshit.
Go Back in History to Adam Smith, one of the first who used this scientific term, he used the term "intrinsic value" in regard of the articles production costs and not as all of this supercleverproffessoral people wrongly think, as "todays value without speculation". 
@_date: 2018-05-14 01:18:47
I feeling confirmed in my opinion:
The argument of secret asics is far less important than the whole centralization brought by global availability of asics like Bitmain.
I couldn't never unterstand why the core devs where against an an alteration of POW-Algorythm. Now we are facing reality that BTC is susceptible to blackmail because bitmain can heavily influence hashing power. And they will clearly use their influence, if anyone will try Hardfork to disrupt the Asic-oligoply. We have seen that with BCash.
@_date: 2018-03-25 14:59:35
As I did wrote, with the unterstanding of the facts, this is a dead end for bitcoin at least in long term. At the moment I see only in some altcoins a long term future. Those Altcoins will have to be asic-resistant. Everething else leads to special Hardware, furthermore to high entry treshhold in the mining, with a high degree on centralization and at this point you will never be able to bring a correction to the Algorythm.
I would really like to say "Bitcoin will be the future", but I haven't heard any solid idea to solve this issue.
@_date: 2018-03-26 06:00:27
Did the big Mining Pools change their minimum value of transaction fee?
As I fought, some Mining Pool had a minimung of 5 Sats to get confirmed.
@_date: 2018-02-16 04:27:19
To the English Readers: They Found an 'Expert' from Frankfurt School of Finance. Some of his meanings: Bitcoin has overcome as currency from technologies like Ethereum or Iota, because transactions are slow and because of Smart Contract functionalities (Yes they are not mentioning, that bitcoin also supporting those).
Just the daily FUD in Newspaper which is adressed to finance experts.
@_date: 2018-03-01 23:43:41
Oh man, you neither understand the definition. Intrinsic value, in regard of the big inventor Adam Smith and other philosophers on theory of value of goods, like Marx, do clearly state under the definition of "intrinsic value" the value to create the good. And please don't tell, that you easily created some bitcoins...
This whole bullshit of "cryptocurrencies have no intrinsic value" is so obviously nonsense, also in regard of the goods category of "services". If you wrongly measure intrinsic value with physical existance, finally all service has to be the same nonsense as bitcoins are.
@_date: 2018-03-27 02:06:48
I do respect the Arguments, nevertheless I see here a dead end for Bitcoin. 
Such massive centralization can never be left, because the monopoly is able to stop every cure.
The main message of the core devs is: Actual situation is bad, but every change would make it worse. This doesn't make me optimistic :-( because even the actual situation is so bad, that the decline is inevitable.
I have for long time the feeling that we are here at root cause, of bitcoins prosperity or decline. I'm deeply sad to say that, but at this point, some Alts will clearly surpass bitcoin in this matter.
@_date: 2018-03-25 02:16:24
This will be downvoted, but I don't care.
The centralization is implicitly given by the BTC-POW-Algorythm, leads in long term (10 y+) to a dead end. 
The Problem is that, Asic Boost and other attributes of the POW-Algorythm sets the entry treshhold pretty high, what then leads to centralization with crazy sized mining rigs. And those powerful mining participants are able to block any cure at the Algorythm. It's a dead end, where I see a brighter future in some alts.... Unluckily :-(
@_date: 2018-02-24 11:54:34
I would choose the third of those two selections.
@_date: 2018-02-04 09:53:26
Don't take it personally. The answer is given on the initial context of this thread and on the whole complex of "Bitcoin cannot be a currency, due to its instability" which is very often named.
@_date: 2018-03-11 06:37:22
Normally you should know something, to consult anyone in specific topic...
Ignore'em. Best you can do. More funny: The logo of his company look like massive paint skills of an 8 years old.
His ideas are based on the assumption, that classical banking system fullfill only legal purpose and security mechanisms would work well. But in reality banksters are at least the same junk of fraudsters as those illicit crypto-whatever.... But please remind on stories like the Libor- Fraud where have been all the main banks involved... Theres are lot of those stories, where the holy banking mafia where raping their customers.
@_date: 2018-02-24 12:04:09
I'm really laughing at these types of discussion. Socialism is one of these buzzwords, everyone is triggered in good or bad. It's only good to provoke good or bad feelings, to nothing else. Probably we should discuss a little bit more about the proposed exact changements to the systems, on factual base. Or we could go forward with our stupid idea of stopping communism, without thinking of adapt the few parts which are positive. Dogmatic decisions are never good choices.
@_date: 2018-02-04 08:58:42
Someone is sad, because Bitcoin doesn't fullfill his/her vision of bitcoin as  his/her idea of an established trading currency with the attribute that he/her thinks of an established currency has to have.
Thats the mistake that most bitcoin-critic is making: They put their own pattern-mask over Bitcoin, and everything which differs from their own pattern will be criticised, instead of scrutinize their pattern.
Please Remark: Bitcoin is a delocatet network with millions of peoples, there is no unique target of all Participants. It is more like sailing ship in strong wind, where apart the winds, only the whole crew can influence the course a little.
@_date: 2018-04-01 20:54:06
Funny, how the conspiracy theorists are waking up here....
There's only one magical power behind this whole media-control thing: Capitalism.
The thing which was taught for 70 years, as the harbinger of peace, wealth and democracy is slowly decreasing the relevance of the gods chosen worlds super power, namely the U.S. They have simply reached the final stage of maximized capitalizm. And sorry to say that, but most of the U.S. Citizens I had met, think their political and economical system is the worlds most evolved system, ignoring that they' actually loosing all credibility in the world.
Even I like the country, and I have met many really lovely People. I can't see any bright future to this country, with the way, they have chosen.
@_date: 2018-04-04 12:24:28
And the next fortuneteller has arrived...