@_author: peterpanic32
@_date: 2019-05-25 12:58:52
But not really.
@_date: 2019-05-25 12:57:39
Asked a lot maybe, but does that mean they would have been paid a lot in bitcoin? Almost certainly not. Crypto evangelists are a thing. Who uses bitcoin to buy things?
@_date: 2019-05-21 18:00:48


The original statement by the OP was that Bitcoin is hardly ever used for actual transactions. You disputed that. I qualified and said it's hardly ever used for non-moving around the pocket / non-trading / non-speculative transactions (e.g., bitcoin for goods or services or investment or capital flows/allocation). 


The current system currency-wise works quite well. Better than anything ever has in the past. It's not perfect, but Bitcoin is regressive, not progressive. Currency should be a short-medium term *store* of value, but it is not and should not be appreciating or a source of value. It should efficiently facilitate the exchange of goods and services and the flow of capital - that is the measure of a good currency. 


It's 10 years old, billions pumped into it, relatively quite mature from an attention, investment, and exploration perspective - the inertia's already there, miners and investors don't even want to make changes that might make it slightly more viable. If it's this far from even basic utility today, after all of this, when will it ever have any utility? Why is it an inevitability that it will? There are 100 alt coins - better designed and structured and with a fraction of the inertia and capital concentration - ready to take its place at any second as well.
@_date: 2019-05-21 12:19:20
Well, it’s not really a currency either, so doesn’t have much going for it all around.
I’m more poking fun at the selective comparisons and extrapolation of that conclusion to all other assets of the same type. The USD for example != the Argentinian Peso.
@_date: 2019-05-21 18:07:52
So you think it's the poor that have the excess capital and technical know-how to trade in Bitcoin in Venezuela?
@_date: 2019-05-21 16:53:21
Well none of that makes for a particularly compelling value proposition as a currency then, does it?
@_date: 2019-05-21 07:23:52
Because index funds, bank accounts etc. are a share, right, interest, or direct investment in an economically productive, value creating asset. Hence you should expect it to better hold or gain value because you’re generating value with your capital (or providing your capital to someone else to generate value with).
Currencies generate no value unless they are directly, actively facilitating economic exchange or the flow of capital, so there is no reason why they should hold value or appreciate when simply held - they’re not generating any economic value.
@_date: 2019-05-21 23:38:08
Because the utility , effectiveness, efficiency, or technological quality doesn’t matter in the least to current buyers - who are in majority simply speculators.
If it comes to the point as OP hopes that Bitcoin becomes valued / driven by its utility, Bitcoin is deeply competitively disadvantaged vs. peers, while at the same time it lacks the flexibility to change to compete and can rely on no material barriers to entry besides scale - which is a fleeting thing in the face of competitive disadvantage.
@_date: 2019-05-22 00:00:15


Well, we know total transactions. We can also trace what is used in/by exchanges and major industrial wallets - which is a majority. Likewise, we know a material portion must be inter-wallet / same user shuffling, because that is required to actually use bitcoin and it’s all recorded. For what’s left, we know there’s no particularly strong use cases today. You can barely use bitcoin directly for anything, and even with secondary services, you don’t get over the fact that bitcoin is very difficult to use relatively, expensive, and any potential users would be disincentivized from doing so by their hope for capital appreciation. What’s left must be largely immaterial.


And why is it a store of value? It doesn’t represent any productive, value creating activity. It has no utility - as you say, alternatives are better for literally everything you could use it for. So what right or rationale does it have to store value?


It does actually. What doesn’t work and how does Bitcoin solve that?


The gold-based system was demonstrably terrible. All data, evidence, and meaningful expert input conclusively agree.


10 years is not a long time when you compare cripto our actual economy that had thousands of year to develop
What do you mean? 1. Bitcoin is riddled with problems, not resilient to them. 
2. It’s demonstrably not the best crypto, worst case scenario you can literally copy Bitcoin line for line, then on top of that there are just better alternatives. The minimum bar is basically ‘as good as bitcoin’.
3. You don’t compare bitcoin to the multi-thousand year history of our economy. You compare it to other technologies or developments or economic innovations which are supposed to have a meaningful value proposition. Because historically and practically, those have been and should be adopted / come into their own far, far faster. Most of the economic / financial innovations we have today didn’t take anywhere near that long, simply a valid value prop and a working proof of concept. It’s disingenuous to compare to the entire timescales of the literal historical existence of economic activity.
@_date: 2019-05-21 07:56:31
The point presumably being that if the power goes out, you can't do anything with bitcoin. You can still exchange with a gold coin or something.
@_date: 2019-05-25 13:02:11
Even more realistic, who needs nation states when you have colluding miners? It could easily be in there interest to do one.
@_date: 2019-05-21 15:28:22
But those aren't actually "transactions" though. Every transfer of bitcoin, purchase from an exchange etc. is counted. I think the dude above is saying that it's not really used as a currency - e.g., for buying shit.
@_date: 2019-05-21 07:34:05
Bitcoin dropped ~80% over the course of 2018, Adient's share price dropped 80.9% over the course of 2018. Is Bitcoin therefore a better asset than all equities? Is bitcoin beginning to eat weak equities like pralines - with the assumption that it will eat all equities like pralines?
@_date: 2019-05-21 12:24:07
Let’s be real, how often does a bitcoin for good or service transaction happen at all?
Look, I’m just clarifying the prior dude’s point, where he/she is arguing that gold is technically a safer asset on this point because in the case of a scenario where there is no power, gold still theoretically has utility in physical exchange. And Bitcoin does not - where a no power scenario renders it functionally useless.
@_date: 2019-05-22 14:54:48


Well, lol...


So is fucking Play-Doh, who gives a shit about these things. First, overly scarce is a bad thing for a currency. Second, the other two don't imbue value in themselves. 


It doesn't have any good qualities that money should have - and has 100 terrible qualities. 


That doesn't imbue value. Who cares if someone artificially defines the output of a math problem as scarce? That doesn't generate any value. 


So consensus academic and professional perspective, and all historical data we have as to the use of gold in modern economies is extremely conclusive on the topic. 


I've been to Italy several times, they were happy to take my credit cards. And credit cards picked up way faster than Bitcoin ever did. And economic and financial innovation is endless. Ever heard of fintech for example?


Why? Crypto is useless?
But it literally takes no effort to copy bitcoin. You now how it works, don't you?
@_date: 2019-05-21 12:09:48
I think it’s more that economic / market value doesn’t give a shit about your personal value. Your capital has no inherent right to continue maintaining or generating value unless it is deployed or exchanged - in the process of maintaining or generating value.
You are correct in that equities are a much riskier and more volatile asset class (in exchange for higher returns), but it’s surprising to me that this is a concern for you because you are in fact invested in bitcoin. A number of alternative asset classes come to mind for the more risk averse investor - e.g. treasuries/sovereign debt, munis, corporate bonds,  high yield savings accounts, CDs etc. In fact there are many types of equities which are much less risky / volatile than the high growth, early cycle tech stocks you mentioned - e.g. dividend growth and value stocks. Also, diversification both by asset class (e.g. stock and bond) and by asset (e.g. index funds) does a lot to mitigate and manage the risk you’re talking about.
@_date: 2019-05-22 16:01:54
Your inability to question yourself or your beliefs is exactly why reasonable investors should question bitcoin.... it's not a rational market. 
And like I said, lots of things have been priced more than they're worth. Do you not understand how that could even theoretically happen?
@_date: 2019-05-22 16:07:49


So... as I said, a huge portion of transaction volume is industrial. 


Fixed supply of currency is a bad thing for currency. And none of this imbues value. 


Well, the Reddit post is mine, and I linked it because it lists ~20 links to articles and research on this, wikipedia is a perfectly reasonable source of information (particularly for someone who knows nothing like yourself) and is also well sourced, and the survey is a significant source surveying economists at the top of their field (seriously, those people are the best of the best). 
Academic and professional consensus and all available market data is firmly against you on this. Your unwillingness to educate yourself is your problem. 


I don't even carry cash. Where do you live? A farm?


But again, there are hundreds of coins with meaningful scale - many or most technically better than bitcoin. What right does bitcoin have to survive as an inferior product beyond scale?
@_date: 2019-05-21 11:57:26
... yeah, I do believe that’s the implication. I guess you could throw it or launch it, but your range is pretty limited.
@_date: 2019-05-21 16:46:21


They can - particularly depending on the price you buy them at. But are also interests in productive, value creating assets. Which currency isn't. 


Currencies are a short to medium term store of value, they are not a source of value. They do not generate value in themselves, they represent value in exchange and the flow of capital.


I don't think you understand the concept of the time value of money? It's specifically that the value of money in the present is worth more than the value of money in the future. 
But it's not really an inflation/deflation concept so much as it is a compounding interest / capital allocation &amp; optimization question. And it's further explicitly predicated on the baseline assumption that you deploy the money - not sit on it.
@_date: 2019-05-21 14:52:09
Consumer deposit rates were higher, but inflation was also much higher. Consumer deposit rates net ~inflation are actually quite similar between today and the '80s. In fact, given the deposit crunch at a lot of banks along with persistently low inflation, you might actually be much better off today with a lot of the HYSAs available on the market for example than you would have been in the '80s. Inflation reached as high as ~15% in the '80s if you recall. 
Likewise, the scale, access, and maturity of a number of asset classes outside of consumer deposits has improved dramatically in that time frame, so you have many more attractive and relatively low risk + low cost + easily accessed alternatives to look into if you're seeking returns. 
So yes, the speed of doubling your nominal money might have been faster, but real return opportunities are relatively similar if not practically better today - certainly for retail investors and/or on a risk-adjusted basis.
@_date: 2019-05-22 14:38:10
Well there are two things I can guarantee you.... 1. You definitely don't know what the time value of money is - or you wouldn't have made that comment above. And 2., I know far more than you ever will on monetary economics.
@_date: 2019-05-21 14:59:03
Prax it out, bro.
@_date: 2019-05-21 14:06:03


Well for a currency, which should generate its value from its utility and facility in economic exchange and the flow of capital, I feel like you'd want to see something other than purely speculative exchange for dollar or other forms of currency. But you know, that's just me. 
And I'm not saying gold makes a good currency (it doesn't), just elucidating on our friend above's viewpoint. 


But that's his/her point. In an outside scenario where say government currency collapses, rule of law declines or disappears etc. - scenarios where it may make more sense to have some non-government-currency linked or hypothetically more secure store of value - gold may be more secure than something like bitcoin. Because Bitcoin is dependent on consistent power as you say - which may not be guaranteed in say the Venezuelas of the world. It's additionally dependent on access to the internet - where in another outside scenario like the case of a totalitarian government, that requirement may also be vulnerable / not guaranteed. 
I thought this was all half the idea behind the logic of goldbugs and Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-05-21 14:12:52
Yeah? Or maybe that dislocation should tell you something about the value of Bitcoin? i.e., it shouldn't have value, so why does it warrant the price / valuation it has? - The answer being that it doesn't.
@_date: 2019-05-21 07:49:50


Gold's value is not and never has been static.
@_date: 2019-05-22 02:23:49
I don't think we are, because I'm quite certain you don't understand what the time value of money is referring to.
@_date: 2019-05-21 15:22:22
Well, that's not what a flash crash is, but ok.
@_date: 2019-05-21 15:11:12


I'm pretty sure Bitcoin assets in Venezuela still count for at best a fraction of a tenth of a percent of total private savings in the country.