@_author: peterjohnobrien
@_date: 2017-12-08 14:08:16
Your wallet service provider doesn't determine the fees. They give you an automated suggestion based on what will allow your transaction to receive confirmations by the network in a, hopefully, timely manner. But they're not profiting from this -- thus, they have no incentive to set high fees. The fees go directly to the bitcoin miners.
Not sure about Mycelium, but you can adjust the fee in the Airbitz app to a low, standard -- which is the default rate, high, or custom fee. Keep in mind that low fees mean that it could take significant time for your transaction to receive confirmations, with your transaction possibly being dropped by the network if the fee is too low. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 17:03:30
The network is very backed up right now, so nearly all transactions that are sent are going to take significant time to receive confirmations, unless they include a high fee. 
This link shows the number of unconfirmed transactions on the network, and is always a good site to take a look at before sending a transaction: 
You can also go to  and enter your transaction ID to see the status of your transaction on the network.
@_date: 2017-08-05 16:26:08
Airbitz does provide user's access to their private seed. The private seed isn't displayed in a 12 word mnemonic like many crypto user's are used to. Here's an article that explains further: 
@_date: 2017-08-05 16:39:29
Do you have an Android phone or do you have an iPhone?
@_date: 2017-10-16 20:24:32
You don't necessarily have to use Glidera if you are using Airbitz. Airbitz is your wallet -- Glidera is the exchange you are trying to sell your funds through.
You have two options available: 1. Locate an ATM that allows you to sell your bitcoin. If you find an ATM near you (you can do so through a simple Google search) it's probably a good idea to call that ATM company and see if they allow you to both by and sell, and it's also in your best interest to see what fees they charge. 2. Link up your bank account with a different exchange that does support your bank. You could use Kraken ( for example, or any other popular exchange which you can also find through a Google search.
After you set up an account with another exchange, you will simply need to send your funds out of Airbitz and into this exchange, which will then allow you to sell your bitcoin for cash into your bank account. 