@_author: petrus4
@_date: 2014-10-04 15:05:01
So the Director of the FBI is basically admitting that he is powerless to go after anyone who uses Bitcoin.  I can't help it; that gives me a really warm, fuzzy feeling inside.
I'll admit I've been late getting on the bandwagon, but I might have to start buying some Bitcoin.  Literally anything which will cause misery for the American government is likely to get my support.
@_date: 2013-11-11 22:35:56


The problem is, that I believe that Bitcoin is unable, in the final analysis, to avoid being black market by definition.  Yes, you'll see some legal uses, but those will remain edge cases, for the most part.
The reason for this is not because Bitcoin is immoral; it's actually the opposite.  We have a political scenario now, where governments want control of their populations, purely for said control's own sake.  The entire point of Bitcoin, on the other hand, is to economically liberate people.
So because Bitcoin exists to benefit the public, and assist in a process of liberation which is inherently opposed to the will of governments, governments are going to attempt to stop it however they can.  It is inevitable.
The really interesting point, is the fact that the only real way that government will be able to stop BTC, is if they can successfully deceive the public into viewing it as a bad thing.  They can't stop Bitcoin through enforceable law.  So the challenge is for Bitcoin's advocates, to ensure that the general public has accurate, positive information about Bitcoin, to the extent that that is possible.
@_date: 2013-11-11 19:46:57
If governments start regulating bitcoin, the answer, fairly simply, is to ignore them.
The only litmus test that matters is, "*Can they enforce this?*"
If they can, then you have something legitimate to worry about.  If they can't, however, then you don't.
Remember; the government can only enforce any law it makes, in probably 5% of cases.  It has to rely on fear in order to do the rest.  Do not be afraid.