@_author: petrotip
@_date: 2019-07-02 11:35:32
So where exactly im defending venezuelan regime?
Just because i said that all criminal cases are documented? you realize they actually do that, and thats how they "legally" fuck with people?
All that data is public in venezuela, this is not US where you have to hide your SSN and criminal records are hidden, they are public and one of the 1st things you need to do and its highly recommended when you are victim of these cases is to right away go public on your case number and your identity so you can get help from amazing organizations such a foro penal ( [ )
@_date: 2019-07-02 02:24:38
Is fake dude, stop giving money to some idiot posting crap online and if u wanna help go donate to real venezuelan confirmed orgs
@_date: 2019-07-02 23:37:21
Im not really sure about that, sorry.. by the way, those seizing stopped and bitcoin went super main stream like couple of months after that season and it's not illegal anymore, they even made laws to make it legal but well, noone trusted it as you have to tell the gov you are mining and noone would do that with the previous experiences
@_date: 2019-07-02 03:33:57
Like i said on other post, this problem does exist, just that it didnt happened to OP he just took advantage of it, he got around 2k usd btw :)  
Those 2k usd could actually feed like 1000 real needy venezuelans for 2 weeks or more :)  
Don't just go giving around money to whoever just say they needed and say they are from venezuela and with absolutely no proof at all
@_date: 2019-07-02 23:04:52
All he has to do is provide real proof, not going with some shady workarounds.
Read what i said here:  [
The most mediatic your case is, the more you are protected, i know people like to fantasy about the venezuelan dictadure, but despite all the shit, they venezuelan gov is 24/7 trying to look as most legit as possible, that's why during those months, you were getting a full real case when you were caught mining bitcoin and being charged and all of that, but just google and you will see that every bitcoin farm seized is inmediatly tied to names and with names you can find cases numbers etc.
Also, like i said, when you are on those situations, your best resource is to go to the organizations that help people on that and again, the 1st recommendation is to go viral with your case, bitcoin seizing went SUPER viral.
This seizing isn't some movie plot shit, they aren't interested in fucking with your family and torment your life for years, they just take your machines, and move to the next one, same happens with whatever other way the corrupt police can find to make money.
Is really hard to understand for people outside, as things are sooo different, but corruption and things like extohorsion are just everyday thing for us.
@_date: 2019-07-02 02:03:32
Disclaimer: Im venezuelan and the "petro" name on my username its as joke, im regular user on r/vzla
**This guy is just trying to scam some money from you, there is countless cases of "venezuelans" with scams stories. using the search will result you a lot of them**
Some facts:
* All the criminal cases are documented, if he was in jail he had a trial, by law, every case is public and can be browsed, including the highly corrupted ones, incredible they are public :) this guy didn't show it, of course cause it didnt exist, the link for it is this : [ it might not work if you are outside venezuela
* An apartment in venezuela, doesn't cost 7k, even less one that used to cost 200k.
* Electricty by that time was not even 1$, not 7$, not even now, i pay less than 1$ still, most of the bills are just plain billing, there is no really "meter" or pay as you consume here, just just symbolic payment you do
* **The cases he linked are highly documented cases with names behind them in the venezuelan bitcoin community, he just took a random case out of google and an instagram picture from a chavista public figure saying those are his machines hahahaThe picture from "his machines" is from this news:**  [** you translate the article you can see clearly that is says the name  and profession of the real owner of those machines**


* You don't go to "jail" next day in Venezuela, it takes a long way for you to get processed, there is literally people waiting to be judged for months, and they are kept in reclusion in police departments. heres an spanish article about this problem:  [  you can also google for this keywords. "detenidos sin juicio venezuela"
* Venezuelan Identity ID is public, he has no reason why to hide it, it's not like US SSN, if he didn't made it public is simple, is because with a simple google search of his name and no results, you will know that is a fake story.
* The instagram post he links is hillarious, that guy is bluffing on the machines of a chavista guy who actually bought those machines with just regular venezuelan corrupted money, theres news about it.
* funny thing, there is no "toilets" on venezuelan jails, you just do your *shit* on the backyard.. Lol not even the university I attended has functional bathrooms now and this guy was using toilets on jails hahaHeres som links on current venezuelan prisons conditions:  [   [
* United states doesn't look at criminal records when requesting a visitor visa, specially in venezuela, I know plenty of people who got visas while being even under presentation regime  at the police, who got that status after 2014 protests.
* There is people in twitter who have documented all cases of bitcoin stolen machines, i can't remember names now but they have been documented even by an ORG in venezuela, you can readl the timeline for  i remember him mentioning some of this cases
* Sallaries in venezuela never were "4k", even less in 2009, a top sallary by that time at most was around 1200$ for an engineer, maybe up to 1800$ in best places, but really few people out of the entire country was getting this sallaries
**And the biggest thing of all, he did not provide absolutely a single piece of evidence more than a full edited id card, at least hes proving that hes a cedula, hes has an id card so hes one the 30 millions of venezuelans that exists haha**
To everyone thinking to donate money to this guy with not proof of anything, just check your facts and if you want to help people you can help real venezuelan people with real needs in a bunch of different places, just look for "venezuela" on sites like gofund me or you can help on  [  (im not related at all to this site) or you can google any other way.
@_date: 2019-07-02 02:34:37
Hijacking top post, the guy is a scammer, a fantastic story with the 1st results on google you find for bitcoin farms being stolen in venezuela. He gives absolutely no proof of it when is super easy to give it, he even hides his national ID number and that number is PUBLIC, that's how shady it is
**Bitcoin farms confiscation in venezuela did happened but not to this guy.. he is just trying to scam some money trying to say he was victim of it**
Heres a more detailed post i did: [
@_date: 2019-07-02 11:21:29
If you want to send bitcoin to a guy who took a random news and an instagram post and said some fake story about it without providing any proof but actually making the story even shadier when trying to answer me, go ahead, i did my part by showing my arguments, you are free to do with your money what you want
It's hilarious that your argument is that "im a  socialist apologist" just because i don't buy his bullshit?
@_date: 2019-07-02 13:44:49
Yes, that's exactly how it works here, following their rules, the fact that they are crazy rules doesn't make me wrong by saying what i said, instead of thinking that venezuela is a bunch of monkeys and a big dictator, see the actual facts, the way they do this is they charge you for money laundering and other charges and it's all done legally, under their rules
@_date: 2019-07-02 03:41:08
You look mad, calm down you scammed your 2k USD already, take it as a victory and leave.
1. Yes all criminal cases are documented, yours should be also according to your story, thats exactly how you "were marked" as a criminal now?, so.. are you actually contradicting yourself? or just proving that i am right? haha
2. You changed the story from "those very exact machines are mine" to "i know the owner".
3. I linked you the real news from where you got the picture, that case is documented, has names and has explanations from a major local newspaper.
4. I can provide proof for everything i said, you on the other hand, can't, let people decide who is the lier here.
5. Great argument calling me "chavista" for calling you a scammer with proof when you have absolutely none, all you had to do was put a single proof but you didnt, you only changed the story, contradicted yourself and insulted me. 
all the rest is blah, blah, not even wasting my time.
To everyone thinking to donate money to this guy with not proof of anything, just check your facts and if you want to help people you can help real venezuelan people with real needs in a bunch of different places, just look for "venezuela" on sites like gofund me.
@_date: 2019-07-02 22:37:58
thank you for that!, there is quite a lot of organizations that are doing an excelent work on our country.
@_date: 2019-07-02 22:56:37
The farms being seized it's completely real, problem is, it wasn't this guy, he's just scamming
By the way, there's 2 organizations that help people on situations where they victims of abuses of this kind, mostly protests arrests, human rights violations, etc
 
1. Foro Penal (
2. Provea (
One of the 1st things that you are actually told to do is to inmediatly identificate yourself and make your case the most public as possible, for example, when you get arrested on a protest, all your family is adviced to go as mediatic as posible. There is little to none "retaliation" to your family members or friends, believe it or no, this country has so but so but so much crazy things going on that whoever decides to mess with you to steal your things, won't be bothered to stay with you to the end, they just move to the next target, is waste of time to keep fucking with the same person as there is more people to fuck with.
@_date: 2019-03-19 16:34:02
Funny thing cause I have lived in valencia the 5 last years of my life, 0 business accepting bitcoin, 
My family is from barquisimeto, i go there every weekend, 0 business acepting bitcoin.   
You are just just making out things, and please dont come here with ur "i know a place that accept dash or whatever other shitty crypto" because they dont, is just fake propaganda, like 6 months ago there was a local bar in valencia (one of the most famous ones) being advertised by some local bitcoins enthusiast about it taking bitcoin, yes, cool thing they gave them the "talk" about it, 3, 4 days passed noone used, then like 1 week when i went there to try to pay with bitcoin i was told "yea about that, we wont botter"
@_date: 2019-03-19 01:12:23
Venezuelan here, this is bullshit and he just fishing for karma.
Noone uses bitcoin in venezuela, and the high volume of bitcoin in localbitcoin is just cause ppl uses it as a workaround for currency control, noone ever bought anything with bitcoin on this country. 
As for the "banks were down", its a lie, all banks were normally working (only banco de venezuela was down for couple days) same as all credit/debit network since internet in venezuela is mostly adsl (CANTV) so there was internet, all you needed was some kind of power supply and most business have gasoil power generators units to run their pos/computers. Even the connection to the visa/mastercard international network was working properly as I was using my chase credit card, btw, the exchange rate that i get from it its better than the one i would get with bitcoin LOL
I know you guys wants this to be true and it sounds awesome but just making it clear, its a lie, all debit and credit cards networks were up, also banks apps and our "zelle" equivalent, called "pagomovil" was working,
@_date: 2019-03-20 15:10:57
Or i could just have bought dollars with my VEF and i would be on same value, jokes on you promaxcoiner
@_date: 2019-03-20 04:39:46
safeguard value
@_date: 2019-03-19 07:20:14
Have u ever put a foot on my country? no, you haven't, so u dont know whats happening here, simple as that
Bitcoin is only used to quickly exchange fiat (VES) to another fiat (USD) thats it, not single other usage and whoever tells you that there is crypto usage in venezuela as currency is telling you lies and probally have economical interest behind his lies
There is no crypto adoption in venezuela at all, i bet u bring me some DASH videos, noone here knows what dash is besides the dash venezuela community members, who happens to just be scamming money out of the dash people from other countries making them believe that they are getting dash adoption, you can just easy google "dash scam venezuela" and see how the international dash community noticed that the venezuelans were just milking money from them. 
I love bitcoin, that doesnt mean i have to come here to bullshit people, venezuela is not a crypto country and thats the reality.
@_date: 2019-03-19 16:36:54
People doesnt store value, they use it as a bridge, at most they hold the bitcoin like for 10 minutes
Have shittons of VEF and cant change it fast to usd? buy bitcoins in localbitcoins, transfer them to coinbase, cash out in coinbase or sell it colombian localbitcoins 10 mins later.  
This is not " Storing value out of the reach of governmental entities", its just, using it as a bridge for 10 minutes cause its a bit more convenient as the other alternative represents a risk of getting jailed LOL, when that risk dissapears (no currency control in my country) noone will remember localbitcoin.
@_date: 2019-03-21 06:00:26
lol u realize im a venezuelan living in venezuela? haha u are definetly stupid
@_date: 2019-01-15 19:55:32
That story is half true, he only mentioned "gov people"
The reality is that alot of people have tons of VEF cash to spend, not only gov officials, oposition people too, investors, business, drug lords, even prostitution money.
Short resume, local bitcoins is a huge laundry machine for venezuela.  
Remember when people used to say back in 2012 that bitcoin was only for laundering money? well, thats 100% the only use for bitcoin in venezuela :)  
 
@_date: 2019-09-23 07:19:24
of course they arent but how else would the OP get offered donations? he wants to make you feel as bad as you can so you pm him asking for his btc address hahaha
@_date: 2019-09-23 07:34:12
I mean you are right about companies needing reliable remote works but what the fuck do you actually  believe that people in here (venezuela) is walking naked eating bananas and using coal powered computers with dial up or what, professional people exist here and do normal work for normal companies,   
If you have troubles finding remote jobs I'm pretty sure that is because you are bad at what you do, or you dont qualify for the jobs you apply to... I have people literally begging me to find time to fix their servers, my gf is right now with 3 job offers well above the US sallary and one of them is even wanting to pay relocation + visa to an euro country while keeping her US sallary table as venezuelan, so yea, is not the country or the venezuelans, is that you suck.
@_date: 2019-09-23 07:24:49
It's happening, im a venezuelan doing that (\~5k to \~7k doing freelance consultation), hes just not telling it cause hes here trying to get offering in bitcoins and free money, that "good" story doesnt help his cause.
I can count like 30 people or more near me (uni friends, irl friends, family) doing full international sallaries while living in venezuela
The problem is not everyone can go from 0 to 4k remote sallaries in small period of time