@_author: pewpewloot
@_date: 2019-12-27 07:33:24
I submitted some idea I had on how Bitcoin can be used to secure altcoins giving them trust minimization similar to Bitcoin itself and all the upsides of PoW without the need to burn more energy.
I also suggest using that method to create a sidechain peg to Bitcoin that doesn't rely on oracles or multisig federations.
Feel free to make fun of it, give suggestions, or whatever. It clearly borrows a little from many past ideas, but never in this form from what I know - feel free to correct me. I hope this is a way to create secure, optional, and permissionless sidechains.
@_date: 2019-12-27 07:45:05
opt-in censorship is not same as forced censorship
@_date: 2019-12-28 00:25:45
haha the word burning does sound bad, but it's done all the time anyway by losing keys, people passing, and so on. it makes bitcoin more scarce, gives it more value, exact opposite of inflation other projects worry about so much.
I'm not sure what mechanism would brick the base layer since the base layer is unchanged, the fees would be more healthy to replace block rewards, bitcoin value and security would be increased through burning, users would have more options, more devs could implement more ideas on bitcoin-pegged coins w/o messing with base layer nor using totally separate chains, script versioning introduced in segwit allows Bitcoin updates to be backwards compatible so don't have to worry or think about optional sidechains.
There's absolutely no reason everything we've seen implemented in terrible manner on many altcoins like the evm can't be done for the first time in trust minimized manner on Bitcoin secured sidechains without any compromise on security for base layer. Many projects started off fully intending to be bitcoin sidechains but lacked mechanism to do it. Many are using altcoins purely as testnets while waiting to do it for real in Bitcoin ecosystem actually without trusted parties.
@_date: 2019-12-28 04:42:57
I was able to easily run it on old $300 laptop so probably worth even less now. Only part I wasn't sure about is how to safely back up channels and restore them later, but I didn't research it. This is probably better solution if no laptop.
@_date: 2019-12-27 19:45:04
sure, AMP is great for bitcoin payments, but I'm not sure there's just 1 paradigm - this is more about creating new ways to program bitcoin equivalent coins to do other things without changing or decreasing quality of mainnet. for example using bitcoin as collateral in smart contracts is difficult via script but could be easy on another chain with pegged value. the cost of security is variable as burn amounts are variable and correspond to usefulness each sidechain has. best of all it's doable without changes to Bitcoin today to create infinite complexity, permissionless experimentation, at no cost to mainnet.