@_author: pewpsprinkler
@_date: 2017-12-22 12:17:46
You know that her lawyer is going to get your bank records for the past 7 years and see where you moved the money out to buy bitcoin with, right? You'll get caught, and then they'll go to court and say "u/Rich-Dude didn't disclose these assets" and you'd be fucked.
Then you'll say ["haha jokes on you, I spent all that on bitcoin and its worthless now"](
Real pros who hide money do it by hiding **income**, meaning new money that comes in is shunted to hidden accounts that are completely separate from your existing accounts, because they're in a foreign country, or in the name of a LLC that can't easily be traced to you, and so on. 
You can't do this with investment income, though, because they'll just get your broker account records easily. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 13:21:07


No it's not. The value of money steadily declines over time. Do you even know what the fuck a bubble is?


No, it has value because it represents value. Bitcoin doesn't represent anything.


Except it is not. USD is backed by the government, which uses it to transmit the economic power of the United States, which forces everyone else to go along whether they "believe" or not. There is no illusion.


Actually it is. It is nothing like actual currency. It isn't even currency. It's a fashionable collectible that was fertile ground for a bubble of speculative hysteria. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 13:25:28
It's not "insane" because civilization happened, as well as strong stable governments like the United States that people placed trust in, and this trust has always paid off. The US government has never defaulted on its debts.


That's not a natural evolution. ALL prior steps were "backed" by things that meant they were representations of real value.
Bitcoin is not. It isn't backed by anything except speculative frenzy. The whole bitcoin bubble is a giant gambling scheme where anyone who "buys in" is betting they can make gains and get out before the bubble bursts.
All the people in denial that this is a bubble will be the losers/bagholders once it bursts.