@_author: peyroniescat
@_date: 2018-01-10 08:22:26
My future Lambo is turning into Ford Pinto...I need to stop checking my app. I’m out of Ativan. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 16:20:23
The WSJ used my info for aggregation background info. The only thing I remember making it to print—and it didn’t even mention me by name—was my idiotic purchase of the The Globe (what’s that? Exactly.) on its IPO day and then riding it back down like a water slide filled with lost  money and poop. 
Like I said, I was an idiot who should have taken up something less dangerous, like bomb diffusing or something. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 06:10:30
How did...where does..what the....??
So brilliant, yet so simple.  Thank you. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 06:40:20
My deepest condolences for your family’s loss. That was ringing hollow before I even finished typing it. I can’t imagine the hell you are all going through right now. I’m so sorry. 
And you’re correct: there were undoubtedly other factors involved, but the Bitcoin loss should not be taken lightly. It was most likely the biggest factor. 
I made some astoundingly bad investment choices during the dot-com era. I didn’t lose a ton of money, but the rise of cheap, online brokerages, combined with the stupidity that often accompanies the mid-20s and the sudden influx of disposable income with a side of too much free time thrown in—it was a recipe for prime-cut FUBAR.
I made so many stupid decisions in such a short period of time that I was interviewed by the Wall Street Journal after recounting  the tale in some investment forum that probably went under along with most of the companies into which I bought stock. 
I said that to say this: I beat myself up over those losses. For a long time. To even attempt to extrapolate my experience to the exponential hell your brother must have gone through—it makes me nauseous.  
Everyone should read and take to heart what you so courageously posted during this time of acute grief. 
Your brother wasn’t the first to feel the hopelessness of losing the equivalent of a goldmine because of the unprecedented rise of crypto currency . And he won’t be the last. I don’t know what the answer to this burgeoning mental health crisis will be. 
People will have to learn perspective. They will have to learn to forgive themselves. As a society, the Bitcoin age is unlike anything in recorded history. The highs are stratospheric, and the accompanying excitement is hypnotic.
The other side of the coin, however—and please take no offense at that pun—is your brother. The grief. The guilt. The unforgiving pain of the never-will-be, both in riches and in life. 
For the sake of our collective sanity and for the utility of digital currency, Bitcoin and its brethren need to find some sort of stability. This volatility is dangerous. 