@_author: pfft
@_date: 2012-08-19 14:07:08
The bitcoin community's obsession over the exchange rate would be it's downfall if it weren't for the illegal market keeping it afloat.
The only reason you have any currency is so that you can buy and sell things with it.  Trying to convince people to use a currency that can swing $5 USD or more in a single day is a really tough sell.  Nobody likes huge degrees of uncertainty in simple transactions.
Then you have all of the community members caring more about what a bitcoin is worth rather than caring about whether or not the currency actually gets adopted for real-world transactions.
If it couldn't be used for illicit transactions bitcoins would be trading for pennies right now.
@_date: 2012-08-29 10:27:18
It's painful to read these forums.
@_date: 2012-09-05 09:44:37
He claims the site was only bringing in $2,000 in profit monthly.  
It would cost anywhere from half, to all of that profit just to find someone that would actually help you prevent this sort of thing, and not just some douchebag that fires up Nessus and prints you out a shiny report with a bunch of boilerplate copy and pasting to make you feel better.
This does not include the costs for the additional hardware you would need to run security monitoring software, the implementation costs of re-wiring your network (physical or virtual doesn't matter), and then someone's time to review all of the logs for interesting activity.  
It's a lot of work for such high-profile targets, and people that don't have any money to spend will likely never have the means to outsmart the hundreds of thousands of people all over the world knocking at their door, waiting for them to slip up.  
@_date: 2013-02-25 15:33:04
Dwolla fucked them hard.
Dwolla advertised they wouldn't process chargebacks, but then silently started processing them without telling anyone (while taking money directly out of their client's pockets). 
Tradehill only noticed when it was too late that Dwolla was stealing large sums of money from them.  When Tradehill confronted Dwolla, Dwolla admitted they were processing chargebacks.
When chargebacks are processed, the credit card companies give affadavits of the chargeback.  
Dwolla wouldn't let Tradehill see the affadavits at all.  Then Tradehill tried to withdraw the money that it still had at Dwolla, and Dwolla blocked them from taking their own money.
At that point they had to shut down.  Tragic.  I will never use Dwolla again.