@_author: pfisch
@_date: 2014-06-24 07:18:37
After a cursory glance I feel pretty comfortable saying that this seems like a bunch of links to a crazy person saying crazy contradictory things.
I guess I will explain why I don't think you should listen to this person though I am probably wasting my time.  
These are some of the signs you should use to identify people you shouldn't take advice from:
He was defining a lot of very simple things like what stocks are, which is never really a great sign because it feels like he is directing a pitch at simpletons like a con artist.  He also seemed to be fearmongering a lot which isn't a great sign either.
He doesn't have an econ degree/relevant qualifications which isn't a deal breaker by itself but certainly doesn't increase my confidence in him.
A lot of his views seemed fringe/extreme.  This alone doesn't make him crazy.  It is this in addition to many other reasons, some of which I list here.
He sounds a whole lot like a right wing radio/talk show host.  This is a very bad sign.
In general though, anyone who is advising you to put all of your money in gold/bitcoins is crazy and you should not listen to them.
You should hedge your bets with a balanced portfolio because economics and finances are not simple and no one truly has all the answers and understands everything.
You should be very careful about listening to anyone with extreme religious/political viewpoints because the far majority of the world disagrees with them including most of the smart/well educated people.  
You are probably not smarter than everyone else and you should use their judgement as one of your larger datapoints when making important decisions.
@_date: 2014-06-24 08:53:30
Lets say you are right and we can't get out from under our deficit, which is far from a sure thing.
Why would the other countries let the world economy collapse when they could instead slowly bleed out the US by extending loans?  This wouldn't result in a financial collapse so much as slowly move wealth out of the country.  This wouldn't even destroy other asset classes.  You could even argue that this is already happening.
I'm not even sure if that would happen either though because global economic systems are really complex and can't be boiled down to just looking at the deficit and saying the sky is falling.
I'm not even saying that a global economic collapse is impossible.  I am saying that the person you linked sounds like a crazy person and you shouldn't take advice from him.
@_date: 2014-01-01 08:04:23
This will end with the OP never seeing a dime.....
@_date: 2014-06-24 07:05:34
People who do not know a lot about a subject are always the most certain they are right about it because they tend to assume it can be easily understood by the layman.
I have a minor in economics and while I am not an expert I do know that most experts would never make such a sweeping generalization about the future.  Especially with such an extreme prediction.
I don't know if our gdp will contract moving forward, but I think it is a pretty safe assumption that we will continue to see more money going into fewer hands.
@_date: 2014-06-18 06:02:38
I believe ASM.js is only supported by firefox right now.  It definitely is not supported by iOS which they are targeting.
ASM.js is basically not a viable option right now because it has almost no support.
@_date: 2014-06-24 04:08:24
Why exactly is a financial collapse certain?  I don't see how anyone could predict such a thing....
@_date: 2014-06-24 10:04:09
I'd heard of him before but I had never listened to him.  Also I wouldn't say he is a random guy on the internet so much as a person posing as an expert on a subject.
I tried to explain why you shouldn't listen to him with specific reasons which are valid, but it is really more than that and I can't explain it exactly.  I spent a lot of time in school getting a bachelors and then later a masters before I became an entrepreneur.  I've spent a lot of time listening to lots of well qualified very smart people talk about their subject that they basically devoted their lives to studying.
Stefan doesn't sound like these people at all.  Stefan sounds a lot more like a Glenn Beck or a Sean Hannity.  I'm not saying 100% he is wrong because even a broken clock is right twice a day.
You just can't reasonably believe that you can predict that the economy is going to collapse because there are so many variables at play in the global economy that you don't understand.  I agree it doesn't look great for America right now but a lot can change in a couple years.
The US had much higher debt as a percentage of GDP in the past and these doomsday scenarios didn't play out.
@_date: 2014-06-24 04:06:31
Nothing you are saying is wrong in general, but it is wrong in the case of Greece in particular.
The greek welfare state is managed in a ridiculous fashion.  Just for example: 
That is just one problem in an ocean of economic welfare state related problems specific to Greece.
Just to be clear, I am not saying the welfare state is necessarily a bad/doomed idea, though I'm an entrepreneur so I would never want to live in one.
@_date: 2014-06-18 01:05:55
Has anyone on this team ever made a finished videogame before?
Have any of you ever worked for a game studio?
It is weird that you say you are not very far from having an MMO because you have a working low player count multiplayer game.
I don't really understand how your client bubble model will work when you throw like 100 ships in a zone.  I also am skeptical that html5 can render that many ships on screen at a time.  Is this canvas or webgl?
How are you going to optimize this when you are coding in java and then cross compiling into javascript.  I can't even imagine a way to have something run slower than abstracting on top of javascript.
@_date: 2015-04-20 22:20:52
This is in the abstract: "The money supply is created as ‘fairy dust’ produced by the banks individually, "out of thin air"."
I'm going to go out on a limb and guess that this journal is not the best.
@_date: 2013-12-04 10:45:44
Why would any rational person trust btc-e with any amount of money in the first place?  They are completely anonymous and operate out of a country with a known high level of corruption.  They don't even list a physical address or anything.  Why on earth would you trust a group operating in this fashion with your money?  You literally have no recourse if they take it.
@_date: 2013-12-13 09:37:51
So is their standard sales tax 25% then?  Because that seems crazy high...
@_date: 2013-12-04 12:18:53
You're right, Eastern Europe has the same level of corruption as the UK or America.  Also Russia is a democracy.
@_date: 2013-12-04 12:16:58
You certainly have recourse against say coinbase.  You could charge them with theft in civil and probably criminal proceedings.  You know exactly who the people in charge are and you know who the VCs are who backed them.  You have all the normal protections offered to any patron of a business in the US.  In a bankruptcy proceeding you would have a high claim on their companies assets.  If they got robbed the fbi would absolutely investigate.
You have a lot of recourse against btcchina as well.  China does have corruption but there are steps you could take to attempt to recover your assets.
Also all of these groups have much less incentive to steal all their bitcoins because everyone knows exactly who they are.  If they stole all the bitcoins they hold there is a very real chance that someone would come for them IRL.
@_date: 2013-12-06 10:32:12
I am not aware of any trustworthy markets that deal in altcoins right now.  I'm not saying there are none, I just don't know who they are.
@_date: 2013-12-04 12:30:53
@_date: 2013-12-09 15:54:26
All govt's ban it and no banks can do business with anyone selling or buying btc like what happened to online poker in the US.  The price would tank to like $30 or less.
Bitcoins would still exist, but they would be forever relegated to being a very very small portion of the online economy.
I don't think this will happen, but that would be the worst case scenario for crypto currencies imo.
