@_author: pg3tech
@_date: 2017-09-10 19:40:43
I like to think that crypto or some sort of independent globally accepted currency / store of wealth will become the norm. Probably not in my lifetime, but possoblybwithon my childrens lifetime.
Its not feasible for a while because we need to wait out the baby boomers.
I know some of them are here and do invest, but the majority (yeah im generalising, deal with it) are resistant to change and are genuinely frightened about the future.
A lot of them are imminently facing pension insecurity (British Airways is the latest to announce serious changes) and they don't trust their offspring financially. Thus most financial support is limited and generally has conditions attached under the guise of "protecting" us.
Im in my early 30s and through my entire professional career I've never experienced a boom. Its been recession or "hard times" throughout.
I think the overwhelming support for crypto is a response to this. Its a way for younger people to have some semblance of controlbover finances.
I don't know about many other people my age, but I'm sick and tired of old bastards making financial decisions on my behalf.
Im by no means "skint" though, I got on the property ladder in my early 20s and I've never struggled per se (I've never done particularly well either) but I have come to believe the two pillars of "boomer" logic are total bollocks.
1. Work hard and you'll get a good job.
2. Invest in bricks and mortar, its the safest investment.
First off, working hard has never resulted in anything more than just doing the bare minimum. At least for me. If anything working hard made me worse off. I used to work 10 hours a day at least for a firm. I earnt peanuts and got nowhere. I now work for myself working half as hard and I earn three times as much.
On the flipside, my new found "success" has actually made investing in "bricks and mortar" a lot harder since I am now self employed and mortgage companies won't touch me without shafting me.
This is why I take crypto seriously.
I can invest in crypto relatively easily without having to pay thousands in fees to "experts" like the ones you listed above.
I can simply wake up in the AM and decide to invest.
There are no credit checks, legal fees and such. Only my ability decide I want to and how much spare cash I have. I ultimately control my financial decision.
Do I think the above listed professions will die out? Probably not...but I dearly hope so.
@_date: 2017-09-24 07:26:56
Extra decimal place. Seriously, this has been posted here many times and is a standard feature of Bitcoin.
Lets make it easy to understand.
Assume we have 10 bitcoin divisible by 10. That means theres 100 bits to go round.
If 5 of those Bitcoin vanish, we can make the remaining coins divisible by 20 which gives us 100 bits. Half the bitcoin, same number of bits.
The questions are, will there be enough remaining holders to redistribute their bits or will they be greedy? How few bitcoin can we have remaining before there is no incentive to prop up the network?
...and no, this doesn't break the scarcity and it doesn't make Bitcoin come out of thin air, it just means Bitcoin can be divided into increasingly smaller bits.
This is also why having altcoins is a good thing.
@_date: 2017-09-24 07:51:18
There were other technologies that contributed to the rise of the internet. Tim's HTTP was one of the final steps.
We have other steps to come first. One of which, I'm working on as a thought experiment right now. Once I iron out the kinks, I may write specification.
One useful idea would be to extend DNS to include a WALLET record since a Bitcoin address is effectively the same as an IP address in terms of usability.
Engineers know what I'm talking about...quite a few are slapping themselves right now.
If anyone technical wishes to discuss, DM me.
@_date: 2017-09-01 16:12:23
I think at that point this will be a trivial matter.
At $100,000 I doubt ill care.
@_date: 2017-10-14 07:11:14
We can't know yet what future transaction fees will be since we don't what the future Bitcoin price will be.
I suspect longer term the fees will sort themselves out as Bitcoin is gradually scaled up.
The scaling needs to happen gradually to ensure that everyone can run a node if they wish to be able to cast a vote.
Personally, I'd much rather pay higher fees than have regular people lose out on sharing control of the network.
With regards to fees. They can be as low or high as you deem necessary for your transaction.
Decide how quickly you really need the transaction to occur, pick your fee accordingly. Not all transactions have to happen immediately.