@_author: phaethon0
@_date: 2016-08-03 03:32:00
Thanks for the update and for your great product.
@_date: 2018-01-01 04:39:53
[Taxable.]( It's considered a "hybrid" system when you're using a third party to skirt the rules of a closed flow system.
In practice, evasion is likely easier doing some smalltime auction business on video game items than doing trades on a publicly auditable ledger through third-party exchanges that can be made to report your transactions.
There are now companies that do crypto chain analysis and it's safe to expect IRS sophistication in this area to increase significantly if the amount of money in crypto keeps exploding. The state likes to get its cut. They are probably too incompetent and understaffed to wreck many lives in bitcoin today, but assuming that is going to be the case forever is quite an unsafe gamble. No one should expect to make Lambo amounts of money in this game without being visited by the taxman, unless they've been very careful to cover their tracks. And anyone who thinks they have found a loophole should realize that the IRS usually doesn't see it that way.
@_date: 2018-01-18 17:23:57
This is not true (yet). There is no lower limit. There was a House bill this fall to introduce a $600 limit (which I believe was put together by Jerry Brito/Coin Center), but the bill didn't get anywhere.
@_date: 2018-01-18 16:56:23
The only open tax question in the HODL scenario is how to handle forks. There is no IRS guidance. I’ve seen people claim:
- Treat it like an asset with 0 cost basis when you sell. No need to file anything prior to that.
- Treat it like a stock split when you sell, and pay capital gains only.
- It counts as income on the day you sell it.
- It counts as income on the day you first split it out to a new address, exercising your dominion over it.
- It counts as income on the day you got real access to it (mid December for BCH on Coinbase).
- It counts as income on the day of the fork.
Most reputable tax experts seem to embrace one of the last three interpretations, which means a Coinbase HODLer could have tax due.
@_date: 2018-01-01 04:19:45
If Blizzard allowed people to convert WoW tokens/gold into USD, it would indeed be taxable, according to IRS guidance. Because it's considered a closed-flow system contained within Blizzard properties, the transactions aren't taxable.
Once the system becomes "open flow", then all exchanges of property become taxable events, not just the conversions in and out of USD.
@_date: 2017-12-25 04:58:34
Seems tragically unfair to the Mannis to lump him in with Bitcoin Gold. He actually was the legitimate heir in the story!
BCG seems more like Renly. Doesn’t even pretend to be the one true chain, trading purely off of its name, and not going to be a player for very long. I think Renly’s wife knew he was premined, too.
@_date: 2017-12-31 22:19:55


If you exchange ten 1 dollar bills into something else (let's call it X), and then later exchange X for twenty 1 dollar bills, the IRS is likely to consider dollar bills and X to be different property, rather than different ways of denominating some unified underlying property. Because X sure seems like something different that fluctuates in value relative to dollar bills.
Likewise, when you exchange 10 BTC for some amount of Litecoin, and later trade that same Litecoin for 20 BTC, the IRS is likely to be unconvinced that no taxable exchanges have occurred, and that 10 BTC and 20 BTC are the same thing.
@_date: 2017-12-25 04:48:03
Note that the subject of the article thinks that the key step that will destroy the power of central banks is when the private currency is adopted as a settlement layer. That’s what topples the system. At least some people have recognized this since 1999.
@_date: 2017-12-23 20:53:01
Seriously. That’s my issue with all these news outlets bringing on Ver. Imagine being totally clueless about bitcoin, but you see in the news that it’s now worth 15 or 20k. Then you see Ver on TV, go to bitcoin.com, and see you can buy “the real bitcoin” for 3k or less. What a deal!
Personally I don’t mind if the dumb CNBC money stays away from BTC and people lose their shirts on some altcoin, but it sure seems unethical to participate in confusing people about what they are investing in. How many BCH investors think they own the bitcoin that is worth nearly 20k?
@_date: 2017-12-21 17:31:55
It seems like plenty of people are indeed willing to pay such fees, which is why the cost of being included in a highly secure bitcoin block has been bid up to that price. If max decentralization isn’t your primary interest, I would use another payment mechanism, until second layer solutions arrive. Bitcoin will be fine in the short to medium term without the on-chain, low-security-needed payment system use case. That’s not the fundamental value that holds up the price.
This is a network worth hundreds of billions of dollars. With time they can build a solid and cheap payment network on top of that network, but if they optimize for that now and become too centralized, they can never go back and regain decentralization later. Everyone wants low fees, but not at the cost of risking what makes the network better than BCH or ETH.
@_date: 2017-12-31 21:55:37
This is a really useful link. In the absence of direct guidance from the IRS, I think the Deloitte interpretation of the relevant rules is as trustworthy as we are going to find. 
Moreover, the interpretation is reasonable and doesn't turn fork reporting into a massive headache.
@_date: 2017-12-31 14:42:20
If you’ve earned all your crypto from small-time mining, in-person transactions, and non-KYC exchanges like LocalBitcoins AND you don’t live like someone who has a large off-the-books income (no Lambos, no house bought with BTC, no mysterious ability to pay off credit card debt, etc.), you are likely to be safe from the IRS forever.
If you’ve bought some crypto from exchanges that have your personal information OR you spend your crypto fortune in a fairly obvious way, the smart move is to assume that the IRS will eventually have the ability to figure out where your money came from. At that point, if you haven’t paid your taxes, you are handing them the ability to fuck up your life bigtime. Maybe they will never exercise that ability, but maybe they will.
It’s your choice. Personally I believe taxes are theft, but I pay them to avoid even greater violations of my person and my property. I don’t want to hand the state any excuse to fuck me up.
@_date: 2017-12-31 14:24:55
Anything true for Bitcoin Cash is true for Bitcoin Gold as well.
IMHO treating these distributions as income on the day of the fork sets an unsustainable precedent. For one thing, you might have your BTC stored in a wallet or exchange that doesn’t support splitting out your coins until a later date — or never. Others allow you to split, but the process is difficult and/or risky, and in practice few people have done it. I don’t know many people who have gotten their Bitcoin Gold out of an Armory wallet, for example.
In addition, you could imagine a future in which projects are forking the blockchain on a daily basis. How could it be the responsibility of HODLers to track all of these forks and pay income tax on every fork that has some monetary exchange value on Day 1? The HODLer might never use the coins, or even know they exist. Has everyone paid tax on their Clams, for example? And if these coins have value on Day 1 but quickly crash to zero, then you end up having to pay income tax on a worthless asset you never wanted, used, or ever intended to use.
Of course, just because a tax basis makes no sense doesn’t mean that isn’t what the IRS expects. It would be good to hear official guidance on forks though, instead of the current guesswork.
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:52:43
The third axis that always needs to be considered at the same time is centralization. It’s not difficult to design a low-fee, high-transaction token that is not censorship resistant. The Core team is trying to create and maintain a network that is resistant to attacks even at the nation-state level — attacks far beyond what we have seen thus far. They aren’t trying to be the new Visa, they are trying to replace central banks with a system in which no one has the ability to cook the books.
The value of bitcoin is primarily due to the secure and decentralized nature of the information the ledger contains. A decentralized blockchain is not an efficient payment system for uses in which censorship resistance is less important. Reducing decentralization would reduce the core value of bitcoin. If blocks were large enough to increase node centralization, or if a small group of people were able to implement a hard fork that undoes transactions on the chain, it’s possible that some of the growing pains would be alleviated, but I would expect the price to be much lower too, since PayPal is already a pretty good system for centralized peer-to-peer payments.
@_date: 2017-12-23 14:51:07
They speculate about the topography of the LN and come to the unjustified conclusion that all Lightning nodes will be centralized KYC/AML hubs like banks are today. There are a number of big problems with this conclusion, as you point out.
Meanwhile they simultaneously say that non-mining bitcoin nodes are useless (a position they are forced into since bloated blocks make running your own node untenable), meaning that full control of truth on the network would reside in a small collection of large datacenters, which are giant targets run by corporations that could easily be coerced into KYC/AML, forced to implement software changes, or directly attacked/seized by nation states.
They also seem oblivious to the fact that most “bitcoin” (and BCH) transactions that occur right now are already off-chain transactions facilitated by KYC/AML banking hubs like Coinbase.
@_date: 2017-12-23 20:56:08
You gotta wonder if the way Coinbase is organized on the backend makes it prohibitively expensive for them to implement Segwit.
@_date: 2015-12-27 19:25:04
I didn't get the warning either.
Any check between 8:50 and 9:00 UTC (just to pick one ten minute window) should have revealed at least 48 blocks in the previous 4 hours.
Maybe block propagation slowness? I am somewhat doubtful about that. Seems like we should have gotten the warning and we didn't.
@_date: 2018-05-16 02:02:40
Look at Jimmy up there, holding court in his power hat.
You go, Jimmy.
@_date: 2018-05-04 00:59:26
Bitcoin Diamond is also listed as a shitcoin.
@_date: 2016-03-07 14:21:56
The ~2% in swipe fees paid by merchants that increases their cost of business and is subsequently embedded in the prices of the products and services they provide. Most merchants don't (or aren't legally allowed to) price discriminate based on method of purchase, so this cost is also typically borne by cash users as well.
@_date: 2016-03-07 21:11:32
Dodd-Frank allows a minimum price requirement up to $10. I'm not sure if you're allowed a minimum for debit cards though, and they also have swipe fees.
@_date: 2016-01-24 01:38:31
Similarly, if there is legitimate reason to believe that China is going to become an unfriendly environment for mining in the near future (e.g. if knowledgeable people came to believe it likely that the Chinese government will block bitcoin in the Great Firewall, or directly seize the miners to launch a 51% attack), then I would expect mining investment to decentralize to other countries due to pure economic incentive. There's a bit of a natural self-correcting mechanism in mining (which we don't see in full nodes).
@_date: 2016-01-14 01:12:12
Bitcoin is a complete joke because of a subreddit mod? This is just a discussion board. Bitcoin is a multibillion dollar enterprise. The overwhelming majority of the people in the world don't know this site exists and don't care. That may even be true among bitcoin users. Also, there are many other sites on which bitcoin is actively discussed, and not all of them are controlled by The average person who has a negative view of bitcoin thinks of it as a shady Internet scam used by drug dealers and computer viruses that encrypt your hard drive. To the extent that people think bitcoin is a joke, that's why.
The idea that cryptocurrency is an idea that is going to be sunk by reddit moderation seems very bizarre to me. Hate this subreddit all you want, it's not like I agree with everything that goes on here either. But the most dangerous to bitcoin? Making bitcoin a joke? Get a grip. This is just message board drama. Bitcoin is a transformational technology. It'll be fine.
@_date: 2016-01-26 16:11:34
I'm not conspiratorial enough to accuse anyone in the current debate of bad faith, but, regardless of what side of this particular debate someone comes down on, this episode has highlighted what may be the simplest attack vector for an intelligence agency or cabal of commercial interests to make technical changes to fundamentally weaken the censorship resistance of bitcoin.
Full understanding of bitcoin requires a high level of knowledge of computer science, programming, game theory, economics, and possibly other disciplines, in addition to detailed knowledge of bitcoin itself. The average user does not remotely approach that level of knowledge, and in fact the same can be said for many of the people actively involved in the security of the system. Therefore, the community is highly susceptible to perception management, and could be manipulated into supporting changes that weaken the system in nonobvious ways, much as the NSA has done in the cryptography community. Right now, simple FUD spamming on reddit and Twitter seems to be enough to have large effects on community perception. People are perceiving a kind of civil war in bitcoin, when in reality there's a disagreement over how and when one parameter should be changed from 1MB to 2MB. It's not exactly the most fundamental disagreement in the world when you really think about it, but everyone is flipping out over it. The vulnerability this debate is exposing seems more dangerous to me than any of the proposed blocksize solutions.
This susceptibility will only increase as the bitcoin community grows and becomes much less technical and much less ideological. If bitcoin grows substantially, large corporations and governments will be big players in the bitcoin space and will be able to easily dominate the conversation with their propaganda. At that point, they won't even need subterfuge to manipulate the conversations about the protocol. This is a fundamental problem with trying to bring technology built with cypherpunk ideals to the masses, and there aren't simple answers.
@_date: 2017-03-22 06:59:36
Wow, I didn't expect their side to introduce the PoW change.
@_date: 2017-03-22 03:35:54
I missed the part of Satoshi's white paper where certain nodes were supposed to be given the title of "critical nodes", which entitles them to see the code of secret closed source updates.
@_date: 2017-03-29 02:47:05
Yeah, I doubt there is. Diego Gutierrez was on Trace Mayer's podcast the other day talking about how great SegWit is and how important it is for RSK.
@_date: 2017-03-15 05:52:51
Samson Mow is really in his element when news like this breaks. One guy shouldn't be allowed to have that much fun.
@_date: 2017-03-05 18:46:50
They've certainly stopped deflation.
@_date: 2017-03-11 17:24:41
Nope, it's not just volume. Pages 31-35 of the order (specifically 34-35) state that they do not find Gemini to be a "regulated market" and outline the specific regulations that it would need to be considered similar to other ETFs they have approved.
@_date: 2017-03-15 13:30:46
Real Bitcoin  
Official Bitcoin  
Provisional Bitcoin  
Continuity Bitcoin
@_date: 2016-01-05 19:55:25
Political maneuvers are not existential threats to banks. First of all, I suspect the banks will scare the Swiss public into not supporting this referendum. Secondly, if it did pass, I have high confidence that the Swiss National Bank would find a way to effectively circumvent it.
The only reason bitcoin is a serious threat to the banks is because bitcoin has technological characteristics that make it much more difficult to be completely neutered by powerful political interests. Pieces of Swiss paper have no such characteristics.
@_date: 2017-03-22 05:16:13
Accidentally open source.
@_date: 2017-03-22 05:03:09
What's a critical node and how does it differ from a regular node?
@_date: 2016-01-18 19:46:54
Bitcoin is a technology that directly threatens both the incumbent players in the multitrillion dollar banking and financial services industries, AND government control over monetary systems.
It blows my mind that people think the biggest organized threat to bitcoin comes in the form of a small company put together by hardcore old school cypherpunks and the most prolific bitcoin developers, who have the support of people outside the company like Nick Szabo and Amir Taaki (and many of the really smart core devs who don't work for Blockstream). The same guys working on fungibility and solving transaction malleability, among numerous other improvements?
It's fine that people disagree over the blocksize, but can a reasonably informed person believe the conspiracy theory that these same cypherpunk core devs are trying to cash in on ruining or crippling bitcoin? Do people think sidechains are just a get-rich-quick scheme? Don't you want these brilliant cypherpunks working on keeping the project safe and truly decentralized when the banks and the intelligence community come gunning for it (if they aren't already)?
There are many big block supporters (including Gavin) who have a good understanding of many of the complex issues at play here, but I worry that too many people on Reddit just have the mindset "big blocks -&gt; more users -&gt; to the moon!!" Relax everybody, we're going to the moon.  The tech is too good to not make it to the moon. Everyone in this space wants it to go to the moon. Let's just be careful and make sure this innovative technology doesn't look more like paypalcoin or fedcoin when it gets there. Everyone needs to calm down and be very careful with the decisions we make, because the forces that would like to see bitcoin fail or be coopted have nearly infinite resources. All we have on our side is math and very smart code. I'd like to keep as many smart, principled coders working on this project as we can. And honestly, that's way more important to me than whatever the blocksize should be.
We can discuss the blocksize tradeoffs in much more sober terms, and quite frankly it scares me how badly both sides of the debate have failed at doing so, to the point where we have rampant censorship, dopey conspiracy theories, threats of contentious hard forks, and trolls all over the place. Many have tried to civilize this debate, and they have failed. Maybe this is inevitable when smart devs who are not the best communicators line up on different sides of an issue that is too technically subtle for the average bitcoin investor or user to understand, and which can be tied into old debates about exactly what the vision for bitcoin is. But it's also the kind of thing that those opposed to bitcoin, in either its small or big-block forms, really like to see. At the stage we're at right now, it's silly for bitcoiners to view other bitcoiners as their enemies.
@_date: 2016-03-07 07:43:05
No automatic download process should have led anyone to an infected Transmission. It's not in the Mac App Store and those who updated from within the app itself were either fine (like I was) or could not update due to a bad signature (if they downloaded while the server had the compromised version). Only those who manually downloaded Transmission directly from the website during a certain time period were affected.
@_date: 2017-03-11 00:48:49
The disapproval directly states that not even Gemini qualifies as a regulated market.
An exchange would likely have to have far more regulation than any bitcoin exchange to date to meet their standards.
@_date: 2016-01-14 00:49:43
"Nobody will use bitcoin anymore, there will be too many transactions." - Yogi Berra
@_date: 2016-01-15 17:32:50
Yeah a lot of people seem to assume that holders of bitcoin are all reading and CoinDesk on an hourly basis, perusing the core dev mailing list, and following all the crypto industry guys on Twitter, and reacting logically to what they read. Some are, but a huge number of holders are just regular speculators who thought they'd be able to make some money by investing in an asset that's had a history of exploding in price. They just bought it when someone on CNBC said Bitcoin went up in price by a lot.
Reddit drama doesn't reach them and technical details don't mean anything to them, but when the NY Times reports "Bitcoin CEO says Bitcoin is a failure, and he's sold all his coins", that's more likely to get their attention.
@_date: 2016-01-24 01:27:12
Just going by the list in Jonas Schnelli's 0.12 release presentation, of the top five contributors in terms of commits to version 0.12, I believe only Cory Fields is American. Wladimir, Jonas, Marco, and Pieter are all in Europe, I believe.
So it seems wildly inaccurate to say bitcoin core development is centralized in the US. And even if that were the case, unless there were evidence that these developers are all owned by the NSA or likely to all be arrested by the American federal government in the near future, I'm not sure it would matter what their nationality or location is. We might as well complain about development being centralized among white guys, or among Westerners, or among people who are good with computers.
@_date: 2017-01-01 01:34:57
Chaum's scheme was different enough that I don't figure him for Satoshi, but who knows. It's become a bit of a fool's errand trying to determine the identity (or identities) of Satoshi.
@_date: 2017-01-01 00:36:20
His son David has been talking about privately issued digital currency with many of the features of bitcoin since at least the early 90s. He wrote a chapter on it in his 2008 book Future Imperfect, which was my original introduction to the idea of cryptocurrency. He's not the inventor of these ideas but he worked out a lot of the libertarian implications of the technology. And of course he would talk about this new form of cash with his father, the most famous monetary economist ever.
Bitcoin was a stroke of genius, with inspired solutions to fundamental problems with digital cash, but it didn't come out of nowhere. David Chaum was working on this stuff in the early 80s.
@_date: 2018-06-10 20:50:32
Bitcoin is also considered a joke by most mainstream economists.
Notably, bitcoin was launched in the wake of a financial crisis not predicted by mainstream economists.
@_date: 2017-11-09 08:18:53
Do you happen to know the French word for worm?
@_date: 2017-11-11 13:43:28
You’ve perfectly described the main issue I see with a lot of analysis. They overestimate the danger of second layer centralization through misunderstanding how LN and other second layer tech works, while simultaneously underestimating the danger of first-layer centralization and the factors that lead to it. And because they don’t understand the tech, they can only rationalize those who disagree as being part of some conspiracy.
Others just want cheap coffee transactions, but that’s a less serious critique of BTC. The worth of bitcoin doesn’t derive from being a Paypal clone; nor is that a particular strength of first layer blockchain tech, especially at scale.
@_date: 2016-02-12 17:07:53
0.12 has not been released yet. Some node operators (myself included) don't run beta software.
@_date: 2016-02-11 07:53:14
Maybe it evolved from this meeting a couple weeks ago: 
@_date: 2016-02-15 09:25:33
Gavin's web browser analogy is really terrible.  I haven't met a single person in this space who opposes the idea of different bitcoin clients. I think most of us actively desire a thriving client competition. That's not really where the controversy is at all, so it seems disingenuous to bring up.
The controversy is in creating alternate *consensus rules* and trying to initiate a hard fork against the wishes of some major players. It's not about providing more choices so that everyone can use the client they want. It's about changing the single set of consensus rules we all have to use if we want the full hash rate of the miners processing our transactions and securing the network. The nature of the beast makes it more like a winner-takes-all democratic election than a pluralistic market choice.
@_date: 2016-02-11 08:25:51
Are Yoshi Goto and James Hilliard not with Bitmain?
@_date: 2016-02-15 08:22:52
I like that they have changed the format of the show for 2016. It was getting too bogged down in the "crypto project of the week" format, where every show was a startup entrepreneur hyping a new project, many of which we may never hear about again. I found myself not caring about many of the projects, or skeptical about their viability. And there were just so many similar episodes that many of the projects blended together in my mind.
The new format gives them more time to discuss big picture topics in detail. So even though the show comes out less frequently now, I've been getting more value out of it. Congrats to Adam and the team on the change.
@_date: 2018-02-02 01:53:18
It may not serve any purpose for taxes. It serves a purpose for the US federal government spying on your financial transactions.
@_date: 2018-02-02 01:32:17
I agree with this. If you never want to pay income tax on a fork, you must never move it or sell it. As far as you are concerned, you never knew about it, you never did anything that hinted you knew about it, you never wanted it, and you disclaim ownership of it.
Of course, if the forked coins are later worth millions of dollars, the IRS will be expecting you to continue to disclaim ownership of the coins.
@_date: 2018-02-21 06:05:00
Probably wasn’t you, because Bcash is down even more than BTC.
@_date: 2018-02-02 01:24:21
A fork, like any other receipt of property, counts as income. You have to pay income tax on the value at receipt, in the year you receive it. If it grows further in value after receipt, then you pay capital gains tax when you sell, using the value at receipt as your cost basis.
Assuming a $0 cost basis would be the most convenient for us, because it means HODLers wouldn't have to pay any tax, and would be protected against future tax if the future BCH price drops or goes to $0. But it's not the safe way of calculating the tax. It's very similar to if your employer gave you a sports car. You can't get away with not declaring anything until you sell it.
@_date: 2018-02-02 01:51:03
2018 and later, we can state for a fact that like-kind exchange does not apply for crypto-to-crypto.
2017 and earlier, the experts seem to think it's likely, but not provable, that like-kind exchange does not apply for crypto-to-crypto. 
Like-kind isn't the panacea everyone seems to think it is, anyway. Like-kind exchanges are supposed to be reported to the IRS on Form 8824 in the year the exchange took place. If you haven't been doing that, then it's a fact that you don't have any like-kind exchanges as far as the IRS is concerned.
@_date: 2018-02-01 22:41:21
For airdrop coins like Clams that weren’t traded in a futures market, that should be acceptable.
Seems unlikely for the IRS to accept that basis for BCH, since a market value can be linked to those coins at the time of the fork.
And for those who had BTC on Coinbase (or another platform where customers couldn’t exercise control over the altcoins until later), they’re looking at an even more devastating cost basis, significantly above the current value of the coins.
Hopefully the IRS will straighten this out and recommend a less complicated and financially painful treatment than what precedent would suggest.
@_date: 2015-11-05 19:19:33
The sale was announced a month ago, so it's not like it's a sudden and unexpected supply shock.
@_date: 2016-05-05 13:15:53
Forget what they discussed. Even if Wright was just using the alias Satoshi Nakamoto in 2005 to publish poetry, that would be better evidence than anything he has supplied so far.
Unfortunately there is no reason to believe the encounter actually happened as remembered, because it is based on one fallible human memory from a decade ago.
@_date: 2016-05-04 02:29:27
Craig Wright is not an enormous liar because he is corrupted by deep intelligence community connections.
Craig Wright claims to have deep intelligence community connections (and a PhD... and a Top 500 supercomputer... and to be Satoshi... etc) because he is an enormous liar.
@_date: 2016-05-04 13:45:53
Because that CSCSS organization is as legit as Wright himself. It's a nonprofit think tank open for anyone to join, and there doesn't seem to be much real, verifiable expertise among the members. The guy who has the same position as Craig Wright for South Asia claims that he was kidnapped and tortured by the Tamil Tigers in 2005 in the UK. It's like an organization of Craig Wrights.
Wright's heavily tied into the world of paper organizations, self-published books, shady blogs, journals you pay to get into... basically anything you can use to inflate your appearance of expertise without having someone with real expertise vouching for you.
@_date: 2017-07-06 01:48:19
"Core" never agreed to anything, and no small handful of Core contributors has the power to commit the Core project to anything. This was mentioned repeatedly by people at the HK Roundtable Consensus, stated online at the time by people both attending and not attending the conference, and no one signed the agreement on behalf of Core.
Yet I continue to read about "Core" breaking an agreement.
People seem to think Core is an entity like a business that can send  representatives to backroom meetings to agree on stuff. It's an open source project that operates by consensus. There's no Bitcoin CEO to negotiate with.
@_date: 2017-05-26 07:51:18
To paraphrase an apocryphal Winston Churchill quote:
We've already established the miners are willing to accept Segwit. Now we're just haggling over the price.
@_date: 2016-05-02 14:54:58
"For my next proof, I need two volunteers from the crowd. Ma'am, can you examine this public signature and verify that it hasn't been tampered with in any way?"
@_date: 2015-11-30 19:41:55
I run a node and that actually is the number I am afraid of. I also use Armory, which requires 2x the blockchain space. I run off an SSD and I'm not going to buy an extra HD just to keep my machine running as a node, even if it is only $50. There's no incentive to run a node really, other than goodwill. So I am the type of marginal node that will definitely drop off the map if BIP 101 is implemented. I don't know how many others like me are out there.
@_date: 2016-05-05 13:06:52
There's a typo. He says "I do not have the courage" but I think he meant to type "I do not have the keys."
@_date: 2016-05-02 14:39:52
Wright's prior statements on a number of different topics, including bitcoin itself, have seemed... well, "confused" would be generous. And his background is as riddled with deceptions and unverifiable statements as his Satoshi claims.
In a way, I hope he really is Satoshi. This would stop all the Appeals to Satoshi, incessant attempts by various parties to claim to be the heirs to "Satoshi's vision", and the treatment of Satoshi as an all-wise godhead of bitcoin. It's time to recognize that bitcoin has moved on and is now something that belongs to all of us, and there's no one individual with all the answers. No one person could fully grasp the sprawling entity bitcoin has become; it requires expert-level knowledge in too many different areas of computer science, economics, law, etc. Satoshi being revealed as a dodgy con artist who stumbled onto something neat may crush our romantic notions, but ultimately could be healthy for the community.
@_date: 2016-05-05 13:32:43
Nah. Gavin drove him away in 2011 by talking to the CIA. Or maybe he was planning to leave anyway and the timing just lined up with when he received Gavin's email about the CIA meeting.
@_date: 2017-07-05 19:43:17
Don't forget the claim that Core backed out of the Hong Kong Agreement. That's another popular one.
@_date: 2017-07-06 02:44:49
He's just looking at a chart and pulling numbers out of his ass, like virtually every other projection for the future price of bitcoin. The returns on bitcoin have been so high that legacy financial types can no longer pretend it's something they can ignore talking about.
Most of the interest in bitcoin, both in the mainstream media and in virtually all bitcoin forums, revolves around bitcoin's function as a get-rich-quick scheme. Although I do think that bitcoin will generate a lot of wealth, this single-minded focus always leaves me feeling rather uneasy about the future.
@_date: 2017-06-12 19:28:19
When 90% of investments in a new, unregulated market go south, the SEC has a habit of showing up at doors with handcuffs. The end of this party is not going to be fun.