@_author: pheinlein
@_date: 2014-11-03 17:12:07
At first I want to make clear, that the first contact about this issue had been a simple e-mail to our support ticket system, claiming we should offer 1-EUR-payments with bitcoin. I have answered this ticket at the weekend, explaining why we really have high transaction costs (as I explained here).
The first e-mail to our ticket system has NOT included the picture shown above, with the screenshot from our system, including the wordings "As PayPal and Bitcoin charge transaction costs of up to", so I wasn't able to make clear, that this wording IS misunderstandable.
We are a German based company and the original text in German is:
"Da Paypal und Bitcoin bis zu 50 Cent Transaktionskosten auslösen"
which means:
"As Paypal and Bitcoin generate up to 50 Cent Costs per Transaction"
Yes, the wording on our webpages is not perfect, we'll correct that as soon as possible. Thanks for that. The translation has been made by a professional translation agency and they made a mistake. Sorry for that.
I'm always happe the receive feedback to correct mistakes or to make things or our service better.
But I really DISLIKE beeing accused to lie so that I have to self-defend me against wrong statements about me.
I already explained in my first answer (by e-mail) this weekend the background of tax consultant fees and booking costs. After that, there is no reason and there have not been a reason in not believing me, accusing me to lie (as it has been posted here). This makes a big difference! Even after I already explained that and why we have higher transation costs, this posting has been made. -Sorry, but I don't understand that.
@_date: 2014-11-03 06:35:31
I'm Peer Heinlein, the CEO of 
It's very easy to say, that I was lying when I wrote the answer to you. It's very easy to claim that here and to incite people against us, make them sending protest e-mails to us.
In fact: My answer is true.
The lie is YOUR lie that I'm lieing. Your just "decided" that I was lieing. You don't have any real reason for that.
 So please be careful what you're claiming.
As you can see we have the same minimum deposit also for paypal, for bank transfer or even for paying cash. The minimum deposit has clearly nothing to do with bitcoin. 
And for that, I also I never discredit bitcoin, as you stated here.
We have a lot of "real" and "virtual" costs for processing all payings, generating invoices afterwards, managing everything in our finance accounting, prepare and declare all payings to the tax office and much more. I WROTE you that already. This is not your private pocket money. This is business bookkeeping.
As you can also read on our webpages, we offer a full paying out of your deposit if you decide to cancel and close your account on mailbox.org. Nobody is cheated with his 12 EUR. So: Helping us lowering the additional costs should be very easy for everybody.
If everybody would pay his monthly fee on a monthly basis, I would have to raise the fees. Would you like me to do that? 