@_author: philliesphan13
@_date: 2019-07-14 19:11:07
Hey, thanks for your reply. Another reply mentioned the risk of RH going under as well, which is definitely something I need to consider. RH being hacked is an interesting one, because a lot of people are saying they don't know if RH even owns a significant amount, or any, of actual bitcoin. They may simply be trading the idea of bitcoins, essentially from a shorting perspective. If that were true, wouldn't that in a way make them more immune to an attack, considering they, hypothetically, wouldn't have any legitimate coins to even steal? Also, with RH eventually going public and being listed on their own exchange, wouldn't they want to avoid a disastrous scandal where their users lose potentially millions of dollars on them not paying out after a hack? I'm not trying to argue the legitimacy of your concerns, I think they are absolutely fair and I share them now too. Just trying to mull this over in my head to understand all of the factors before deciding how to invest in bitcoin. Again, appreciate your response!
@_date: 2019-07-14 18:55:21
Hey, thanks for your reply! I really appreciate you taking the time to answer my question. I have a couple of quick follow up questions if you wouldn't mind clarifying a couple of things, as I genuinely want to understand all of this better.
1. You said there's no guarantee that i'd be able to sell my coin shares via RH when the price reaches an all time high. I understand that, however is there any additional guarantee via any of the other alternatives? For example, would there be a better chance of selling BTC on coinbase when at an all time high, compared to RH? My initial assumption would be shares of BTC would be just as easy to sell as a coin via an alternative platform, but I honestly have no idea and would love to hear any information explaining why this is/isn't the case!
2.   I genuinely have never thought about Robinhood as a service shutting down, that's an interesting point and I appreciate you making me aware of this. Hypothetically if it did go bankrupt and they dissolved the company, would RH cash everyone out of their current positions at their current value?
@_date: 2019-07-14 18:35:35
Hey, thanks for the reply. I understand the idea behind it not being mine, but why does that matter if I don't plan on using the bitcoin for purchases anyway? Unless you're implying Robinhood would stiff all of their users who bought their bitcoin stock and simply refuse to pay out whatever the average market price was for bitcoin, I don't see how that's relevant.