@_author: philip_coinbase
@_date: 2016-08-09 17:14:15
The basic answer is that a lot of users have a hard time doing bitcoin storage well.  To be fair, true offline storage can be a pain in the ass from a usability perspective for an individual.  We spend a bunch of our time worrying about coin storage and user security to try to make the experience seamless and secure.
@_date: 2016-08-09 17:55:17
This is actually one of the major operational headaches of traditional hot/cold storage.  Most of the time inflows balance or exceed outflows, so the hotwallet is self-sustaining and we sweep excess to cold storage.  Sometimes a large set of transactions makes the hot wallet dip below what we think of as an acceptable level.  We firmly believe that multiple humans need to be in the loop when we choose to restore from cold storage.  Someone on the security team reviews transactions for a number of different criteria and may go so far as to contact users to verify unusual transactions.  Once we give the all clear, the cold restore process is kicked off.
@_date: 2016-08-09 18:27:16
If your credentials are compromised, and an attacker is able to steal your 2fa token or bypass our implementation, and that same attacker is able to gain access to your email account (and circumvent whatever protections you have there) and clicks the Device Verification link that we send you when you connect from a new device...then yes, you're out of luck.  Fortunately, there are some additional steps you can take to make the attacker work even harder.  
See  and 
@_date: 2016-08-09 19:45:34
To add on here, yes, I keep all my bitcoin in my coinbase account, most of it in a vault (
@_date: 2016-08-10 01:07:36
The two are just different.  Coinbase Vault is great if you don't want to worry about keys yourself or if you want the time delay feature.  
Coinbase Multisig is great if you want to be 100% sure that if a giant comet hit the planet earth, destroyed the western part of the US and threw society into chaos, you could still conduct your own bitcoin transactions in the post-apocalyptic bitcoin-powered world that follows because you control 2/3 keys.
@_date: 2016-08-09 18:29:24
This is a threat we think about a lot.  I won't go into the physical security countermeasures we have in place for the sake of operational security (e.g. If I say we have 5 armed guards, an attacker brings 8).  I will say that we don't keep enough keys or authorized people onsite to restore cold storage, and we require in-person (or video conference/face-to-face) confirmations on cold restore requests.  In addition, any engineer in the company (onsite or remote) can click a single button to make hot storage inaccessible until a quorum of engineers comes together with yet another set of shards to re-enable.
@_date: 2016-08-09 17:28:26
We use cold storage based on completely offline generated, single use cold storage addresses.  The private keys are split using Shamir's Secret Sharing ( and distributed geographically among several independent entities.  We use SSSA vs multisig because we have more flexibility in terms of the M-of-N values.  When we restore, we kick off an automated process to gather and recombine sufficient shards to make a whole private key, automatically move all the bitcoin out of that cold storage address and never use it again.  I realize that is a little light on some technical details.  I'm actually writing a blog post that goes into much more detail, but it's an interesting balancing act between opsec and transparency.  eta on the blog post is this week.
Of the hardware wallets on the market today, I like the Trezor, but I'm also excited about the Ledger Blue.
@_date: 2016-08-10 00:24:29
Great idea.  Our legal team is looking into how we can do this.
@_date: 2016-08-09 17:37:17
The insurance policy is on the hot wallet as a whole, so if Coinbase is breached and the contents of the hot wallet are lost our customers won't be impacted and the claim process would be handled by Coinbase.
@_date: 2016-08-09 19:47:14
The full set of incident response plans, communication plans, continuity of operations plans, backup/restore plans, etc is...very long and always growing.  We use things like the bitfinex hack to ask ourselves a lot of what-if questions and run through how we think those scenerios would play out in our environment.  We've actually learned a number of lessons from them already, including some around comms channels and methods.
Communication after/during an incident would be as instant as we can make it, and through every channel that we can support.  Details are hard to communicate during and after an incident, especially if law enforcement is involved and legal action is being pursued.  The actual details on methods/timeline/etc are highly dependent on the specific details of a given compromise.
@_date: 2016-08-09 19:26:42
I would suggest somewhere in Nevada (around Las Vegas) or Arizona (Scottsdale).  They are both tectonically stable and not in the path of any major weather disasters (hurricanes, tornados, etc).  They are accessible by several major transportation systems and have facilities sufficient to house sensitive items.
@_date: 2016-08-09 19:21:08
The issue when we initially rolled out Shamir's was the relative newness of P2SH and our need to use larger splits than the original multisig allowed.
The fundamental issue at this point is uniformity of cold storage across assets.  I don't want to have to do different things for BTC, ETH, LTC, and others (I just realized that ETC is now ambiguous in this context.), because the operational burden would be significant and we feel the security model of our SSSA implementation is strong.  Secondary considerations include our desire to continue to scale the size of splits and do things like require X members of specific sub-groups to be part of the larger M.
Happy to continue a more detailed discussion offline.
@_date: 2016-08-10 00:56:27
The most vicious zero day I can imagine is a remote code execution in the kernel, maybe netfilters or the network stack.  we absolutely take a number of measures to be resistant to initial attacks, force attackers to re-exploit systems on a regular basis both to maintain a foothold and move laterally and detect the unusual activity that such exploitation would cause.  When you assume 0-day (and we do), I think your best defense is layered, well understood and well instrumented heterogeneous systems that rapidly move in and out of service.