@_author: philoniousmonx
@_date: 2013-11-24 23:25:45
deserves the support. thank you for your efforts!
@_date: 2013-11-06 19:25:25
Thank you, this seams like a very aproachable introduction. I like that its simple and inviting. Alot of the forums and stuff i found can be intimidating to attempt.
@_date: 2013-11-24 05:47:58
More profitable to take all the coins. Less effot as well.
@_date: 2013-11-24 19:04:04
When purchasing custom works in precious metals, you can always as for a materials cert sheet. They should be able to either document it's source, or have it tested. If they were either meltung other pieces down or messing with the alloy(karat) testing is the only way.
In reality, when buying jewelry all of it kind of goes out the window, because you'll never get the money out of melt weight alone. 
if its something you like want and feels equitable to you go for it. Your only other option is to find a local jeweler who is able to produce what you're looking for and possibly do it within a budget you dictate.
@_date: 2013-11-24 19:25:29
Thing is, you will loose out if you try and rationalize it as an investment.
Stones are cheap. What you are paying for is the settings, and the profit percentage they add for carrying the cost of purchasing them wholesale.
If you were going to break down a piece, you will only get a persentage of marketvrate for the metal(as there are cost involved to get it back to raw), same with stones, as wholesalers need to leave a magin as well (but remember you paid 2 financial exchanges back and they both profitted)
Thats how it would go if you went the "normal" route, you may be able tovresale it as a whole for what you paid, but you would need to find that person.
If you want it to hold value, unfortunatly it would need a name/designer associated as, they would already hold a market.
If you are serious and want to learn more holler. If you are in a major city, such as LA it's worth a trip to visit wholesalers of raw stones and buy direct. With cnc and cad, wax cutting has become cost effective and a great way to get exactly what you seek!
@_date: 2013-11-06 19:45:19
Thanks! I've visited blockchain and have used it to check current value. Coinbase seems very straight forward and i appreciate that as well. Do you know of or use a resourse where i can "park" a buy price or bid at a set value?
Ex. If i wanted to buy 10 btc IF the market was hit say $x usd per btc?
I looked at local btc exchange, and just the local buy prices vary steeply. Its too intimidating for me to judge for myself whats a good value, beings i have no experiance with it yet
 Hence my willingness to GRANT it X value as a referance to educate myself.
Just cause the Tom likes and finds value in something that means jack all to me or my experiance.. not questioning its value to others, but want to see if it has a value and is useful to myself
Thank you for your suggestion and input.
@_date: 2013-11-06 19:56:28
BINGO... i feel like im playing call of duty on headset...
Thanks for understanding my perspective.
*edit at a point if "they" want it to be a viable current and commodity at a point it will NEED TO BE BOTH APPPROACHABLE AND INVITING.. unless its kool kid club only... cause that always lasts
@_date: 2013-11-06 20:59:30
Yeah agreed, im not planing on day traiding, my reason is that i want to "grant" myself that BTC has said value to me to start. As forign as the use of bitcoin is, I'm more comfortable "dictating" its start value to myself if you will.
Thanks again for the advise and sites... best of luck to you in your endevors!
@_date: 2013-11-06 19:22:57
Wow, great resourse, loads of data. Thanks
@_date: 2013-11-22 16:02:58
I'm with gwern,  ~~the ~~sound ~~reasoning ~~ and~~ logical ~~(subjective and merritless on my part, struck). I think the issue is the demographics of who is stuck on stupid. You guys are actually reinforcing the governments arguments as to why and how dangerous SR was, it has churned out some real winners here. I have no qualm w law on this one, maybe 13 yr old kids should not have access to things promoted by ginuses like VICE. people who are exposed IRL to shit have a much more realistic understanding of gains and consequenses of choices. You can't get that on-line.
Feel free to look into past results of seizures. Good luck recooping much, even if found innocent. They WILL BE SOLD AT AUCTION, most likely in lots. They will not use an exchange cause they do not have to, nor would they support any such "individual" opperating in a grey area market.
Gang of kids speeking up out of ignorance. 
@_date: 2013-11-22 17:24:46
The demographic who cant grasp the overt facts and reality of the situation.
*to be clear i am not infurring you belong to any catigory, so i appologize if it came off as personal and directed at you, it was not, it was directed at the forum in general.