@_author: philosodad
@_date: 2014-10-28 17:01:50
If you receive 100% of your income in bitcoin and don't pay any income tax on that bitcoin throughout the year, that would be true: you would owe some large amount of your total income in income tax, just like everyone else. But if you hold Bitcoin that is purchased with or received as post-tax income, then you would owe no taxes on the Bitcoin you are holding. Capital gains aren't taxes on the appreciation of an asset year by year, they are a tax on the appreciation of an asset between time of purchase and time of sale.
If you you trade your bitcoin for other goods, than you might be liable for some capital gains taxes. This would be calculated as a percentage tax on the profit you made between the time you purchased the bitcoin and the time you sold it. It isn't 30%, and it isn't on the gross value of the asset, its on the profit you made by holding and then selling the asset. You also might be able to take a capital gains loss if you purchase items with bitcoin that were worth more when you bought them than they were when you sold them. 
IAMNAE, but if my understanding of capital gains is correct, it is usually calculated by tax year. So if you received 100% of your income in Bitcoin, paid income tax, and spent 100% of your bitcoin over the course of the year, then you might owe no capital gains at all, regardless of the value of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-14 16:25:29
Bitcoin is a highly fungible commodity with a strong long term growth pattern. Strong investment properties do occasionally lose 50% of their value in a year, but that does not make them a risk in the long term. 
Unless you're suggesting--against all available evidence--that index funds are a high risk investment.
@_date: 2014-12-30 23:47:41
Actually, the money is not sitting in a BitPay wallet. BitPay will not generate an invoice at all if the amount is greater than merchants limits, so no BitCoin is ever transacted. So this payment didn't bounce: a person made an attempt to make a $15K transaction which was greater than the limit, the NP was advised that the attempt had been made so that they could raise their limit.
It's entirely possible that someone meant to make a $150.00 or a $1500 donation and mistyped. There is just no way to know whether the person who attempted the donation actually meant to donate 15K or not, unless the organization raises their daily limit (which involves filling out some paperwork, unfortunately) and the donor donates again.
@_date: 2014-12-13 19:26:36
BitPay does not quote the customer at an exchange rate higher than market. The BitPay exchange rate is among the exchange rates available on BitCoin Ticker and moves with the market. At the moment of this writing, you get a better rate from BitPay than from BTC-e, and there's exactly one penny separating BitPay from Bitstamp. So the idea that BitPay is quoting the customer at a higher rate than market is simply incorrect.
@_date: 2014-12-14 22:03:24
Since bringing up the Russian ruble was your call, I'm more than happy to drop the comparison.
A diversified portfolio is a good idea. Bitcoin is a technology that can be invested in, and it's a technology that solves a problem that needs to be solved. I believe, based on the last 3 years performance and the wide range of uses that bitcoin technology can be put to, that bitcoin will increase in value over time. I do not think that it is a good choice as a sole investment, but I do have some as part of an overall diversified strategy and I see no reason to suggest that other people not do the same.
I disagree with your characterization of bitcoin as speculative, and my conclusion is based on a fairly deep view into the market.
@_date: 2014-12-16 18:21:03
Well, I see a larger number of merchants taking bitcoin and a larger number of people using it. So that's the demand side. As for dividends, not all stocks give pay dividends, so "behaving like a stock" != "pays dividends".
@_date: 2014-12-17 16:13:24
But if you sell something in the Bathroom at Disney for Disney Bucks you HAVE received currency. It's only valid inside the walls of Disney World, but it's currency. In fact, if you decided to offer a better exchange rate than Disney does, you could exchange your DBs back into Dollars (while violating Disney's TOS, I'm sure, but you already did that by selling something for Disney Bucks in the first place). Disney Bucks are currency, but as a currency they are traded in a closed network.
Bitcoin is traded in an open network, but the size of that network is quite small. Dollars are traded in an open network and the size of that network is immense. The strength of a currency is essentially the size of the network it is traded in.
@_date: 2014-12-14 16:10:48
People have plenty of knowledge of money, at least at the checking account/debit card level. They got paid x value and want to spend y. They understand that, and that's really the first level at which you see a benefit to people in using a wallet application rather than a checking account: the simplicity of cash with the security of rock solid cryptography.
@_date: 2014-10-28 17:22:58
It's the whole point to you. But not to most of the people who use money and could therefore benefit from Bitcoin. 
Bitcoin fundamentally lowers the cost of doing business, even if it has to compete on an equal regulatory playing field with other forms of payment. It reduces or eliminates many fraud concerns. It's a way for people who can't get bank accounts to avoid paying exorbitant check cashing fees.
Bitcoin is a technology. The whole point of a technology is how it helps the people who use it. Saying that "the whole point" of bitcoin is to be exempt from regulations makes bitcoin absolutely pointless to many people who would benefit from the technology.
@_date: 2014-12-11 14:53:11
It isn't a question of what is possible, it's a question of what is legal for BitPay to do. 
@_date: 2014-12-25 02:51:24
There is no need to upgrade your plan in order to raise your limit. BitPay shares information to the extent that it is necessary to provide the service and comply with the law. You are sowing FUD.
@_date: 2014-12-14 16:22:33
And over the last 24 months, bitcoin did better than the Russian Ruble has in it's entire existence. And there's no indication that bitcoin is poised for another price drop, to the contrary, it seems to be stabilizing at the current price and increasing in adoption worldwide, which will drive the price up over time. So suggesting that people save money in bitcoin is more like suggesting that they save money in a 401K... look at it as a long term investment, over the long term your money should grow.
Sure, 2008 happened to the stock market, but those losses have been recovered by people who stayed in the market. That was the smart move then, and staying in the bitcoin market is the smart move now.
I do expect dramatic shifts in price periodically, and I think now is a good time to buy because the price is fairly stable. But over time, I don't think it is going to matter when you buy in. The initial investment boom is over, and over time Bitcoin growth will smooth out, so buying in at a peak is a temporary setback at worst.
@_date: 2014-12-02 22:42:40
Because BitPay pays out in fiat currency on a daily basis, they must comply with different legal requirements when handling different amounts of money. This means that an organization that wants to have a higher limit must submit additional paperwork. If BitPay did not follow legal guidelines, BitPay would be shut down.
@_date: 2014-12-15 15:56:56
I think bitcoin is going to behave something like a stock and something like a commodity. That is, it's going to have more short term volatility than most stocks, but over the long term it's going to trend upward. I could be wrong, but the demand is increasing quickly and the supply increases at a fixed rate, so it should increase in value.
@_date: 2014-12-14 16:31:41
luck has nothing to do with not losing your key. And there's no barrier to you lending your bitcoin out via, for example,  
In fact, if you look at technologies like multi-sig wallets, the core banking function of lending money out is perfectly accomplishable, by a bank, using bitcoin.
What they can't do is lend out coin that they do not have. And since insuring bad loans made by banks that didn't have the money to people who couldn't pay the money back caused a recession that has lasted almost 8 years now and still threatens the world economy, I'm not convinced that this is a bad thing.
@_date: 2014-12-13 19:44:59
I think you're confusing two different functions of banks. On the one hand, banks provide credit functions -- they lend out your money to other people and provide you interest in return. That's a function that people (generally) prefer not to do.
But the second function of banks is the checking account, where people put their money into a bank account so that they have access to it anywhere but don't have to carry their cash everywhere. That function people are perfectly happy to do themselves, and electronic cash makes it easier for them to forego the inconvenience of using a bank to perform that service for them.
@_date: 2015-01-06 23:13:21
What I said, which you replied to, is:


Which seems to be exactly what you just said. I didn't say it was a business model, I said it was a way to make money on the change in value of bitcoin. Which is not BitPay's business model, but I never said it was and explicitly stated that I did not believe that it was.
I'm pretty sure, at this point, that we are violently agreeing.
@_date: 2014-12-13 19:11:55
A 'fee' implies that there's a per-transaction cost. That's not what BitPay offers. BitPay offers support plans, which are a fixed cost regardless of the volume of transactions.
@_date: 2015-01-06 17:22:59
No. It's my time machine, and you can't have it.
In all seriousness, though, I hope that you understand the basic point that anyone can, in fact, buy Bitcoin low and sell it high. BitPay, as a company, has some advantages in terms of having large cash reserves, but anyone could, with time and effort, invest short or medium term in bitcoin and make small amounts of money. For BitPay it's a safer bet to hold bitcoin then it is to try to make money trading bitcoin.
I hope you also understand that you, yourself, could attempt to engage in arbitrage (taking advantages of differences in market price) with exactly the same level of success as any other player, including BitPay. Either you can trade that fast or you can't, and BitPay isn't in a privileged position on the exchanges.
@_date: 2015-01-13 17:07:46
No matter how many confirmations are required by the merchant, once BitPay receives the payment, the invoice is considered paid, an IPN is immediately sent to the merchant confirming payment and the fifteen minute window to send payment is no longer relevant.
The window is a problem with bitcoin, not the payment processors. The invoice guarantees a specific exchange rate. How long do you believe that the payment processor should guarantee the exchange rate for?
@_date: 2014-12-13 19:55:54
Depends on the currency. Some currencies have taken dives that extreme, and some have simply died. Sound money also doesn't increase in value by n*1000% over two years, but bitcoin did. So yes, like, seriously dude. If you bought bitcoin 24 months ago, you would have stored your value very well, and its not at all clear that in 12 months the price will not go up past $1000 again and those who bought at the peak of the market will be back in the black. A store of value is a long term proposition, not a short term one. So when people talk about bitcoin as a store of value, they aren't talking about value over months, but value over years.
That said, I do think that the best thing for bitcoin would be a more stable price (it's actually been pretty stable for a while now) and a steady increase. When that happens the advantages of storing value in bitcoin will be more clear.
@_date: 2015-01-06 19:03:00
Unless you believe that bitcoin has peaked, and will never go up again, then you are guaranteed to make money if you hold until you make a profit. I never said that BitPay (or you) would have to make all your transfers same day, just that you had to hold until the price was higher.
People do this in the commodity market and make money doing it, but you have to have deep enough pockets to sit out drops in the market.
I know what arbitrage is. And if you could trade fast enough, you could engage in it right now, but I do not think bitcoin can be traded quickly enough to make money on the difference between exchange prices.
Which was largely my point: there is a longer term strategy that makes money on bitcoin price (assuming that the price doesn't drop forever) and a shorter term strategy that attempts to make money on price (which requires a lot of time and effort for very little gain), but there is no way to trade fast enough to make money on the minute by minute difference between exchange prices. A company like BitPay is better off banking on the bitcoin they are holding going up in value over time, which is a simple strategy that works in any situation in which BitPay remains a company.
I'm not sure which part of this you disagree with.
@_date: 2015-01-13 16:54:49


You might want to run automated tests, do strange things to your account, test out the service and your integration on testnet before going through the hassle of signing up as a verified merchant, set up multiple accounts, send absurdly large amounts of bitcoin, send a very large number of transactions, etc. I wouldn't be happy sending 20 BTC through a service as a test, or 1 BTC 20 times, or .01 BTC 200 times (for one thing, I'm not holding that much much bitcoin) but I've got no problem letting an automated system send that much testcoin or more.
Some of the shopping carts that come with preloaded items have very expensive items, nothing less than $100. It's more hassle to change prices than to make a tiny code or configuration change to send stuff to a test server.
It depends on the service, I suppose. I use wallets that have a testnet option, and I use a payment processor that supports testnet, so most of the work is done for me. Which I think is the main point: as a service, it's good to provide a testnet option to make it easy for people.
@_date: 2015-01-05 19:53:24
As you say. But regardless of that point, it remains true that anyone who wants to put in the time and effort to buy low and sell high can do so, and make a little money doing it.
As an example, bitfinex's low today was 258.06, the current price is 271.72. So theoretically, you could buy at 258.06 and sell at 271.72. Anyone could do this, if they put in the time and effort and accepted the risk.
If you could buy and sell instantly, you could easily watch all the exchanges (which have different prices at different times) and engage in buy/sell tactics where you did use arbitrage to buy at a low price and immediately sell at a high price, which is the behavior that BitPay is supposedly engaging in.
Any technical barriers you can think of that would preclude you from doing this apply to BitPay, because BitPay is not in a privileged position in regards to buying and selling on exchanges. And if you could do this, you probably wouldn't bother to run a merchant payment processing company that guarantees rates for fifteen minutes, because that exposes you to risk that you don't have to take: you could just buy and sell bitcoin for fun and profit. The overhead would be much lower and you would eliminate risk.
In short, BitPay is not in a privileged position for selling or buying bitcoin, anything they can do on an exchange you can do on an exchange, and BitPay's rate guarantee would be a terrible idea for a company that wanted to make money by pitting one price against another.
@_date: 2015-01-05 19:37:01
I don't think you've read this thread, if you don't think BitPay's rate is ever the same as Bitstamp. Please begin eating your fedora now. ;)
At this exact moment in time, BitPay is 267.87, BTC-e is 266.50, and Coinbase is 267.94, Circle is 271.21. That's at this second in time. The spread between BitPay and Coinbase, right now, is less than 10¢. See my point above for how much money BitPay would have to move to make a profit off of that spread... its hundreds of millions of dollars a month in arbitrage, assuming that you could sell that fast. While I've been typing this, the exchange rate has changed enough that BitPay would have sold at a loss, because Coinbase is now below 267.87. Your idea that BitPay is manipulating the second-to-second rate of bitcoin to make money is incorrect: not merely because--as I said--BitPay does not make money this way, but because BitPay could not make money that way.
@_date: 2015-01-05 18:16:23
Not only is this not true (there is not always a spread) but there wouldn't have to be for BitPay to make money on exchange rates. The rate goes down, the rate goes up, so if BitPay wants to make money on exchange rates (which to the best of my knowledge is not the case) they don't need to do anything but charge the going rate, hold for some length of time, and sell when there is a profit. There is no dark secret of BitPay.
For example, at this moment in time, there is a spread of 10¢. Are you seriously suggesting that BitPay makes money by selling--immediately, so that the rate doesn't change again--bitcoin at a .03% profit? That is, by making an extra 3 pennies per 10,000? Bearing in mind you would have to make the sale extremely quickly, because the rate could shift and lower or eliminate the profit, so every transaction (whether for $5 or $5000) would have to be processed to Coinbase or some other exchange immediately.
How much money would BitPay have to process to keep the lights on, if they make 3¢ per $100 processed? Assume it takes about 30K a month to run BitPay (an absurdly small number). That's 3,000,000 pennies, so BitPay would need to process 100M dollars, per month, to break even.
@_date: 2015-01-05 20:04:05
BitPay's price is locked for 15 minutes after a customer creates an invoice, so this would be an incredibly dangerous behavior for BitPay to engage in--there's no telling where the price would go in those 15 minutes. It doesn't make sense for BitPay to attempt to convert every transaction into profit in that way.
@_date: 2015-01-05 19:37:56
Yes. Anyone who wants to put in the time and effort to engage in Bitcoin arbitrage can make small amounts of money doing so.
@_date: 2014-11-09 17:15:07
Neither. BitPay and Coinbase are both companies that want to be in the middle of your financial transaction. To get you to agree to this, they have to offer you something. What they offer is to accept your risk.
I would assume that rather than being crazy or having secret confirmation pathways, they've found a way to make money on bitcoin conversions, analyzed the risk of fraud, and discovered that bitcoin fraud is rare enough that they can absorb the cost of fraud based on the money they make from bitcoin conversion.
@_date: 2015-03-05 22:01:47
The same is true of any currency at all. The US Dollar could collapse. It's unlikely, but there's no guarantee that the Dollar will not lose value quickly.
The scarcity and decentralization of bitcoin are as certain as anything can be. Any mining concern that could gain a large enough share to threaten decentralization would have no incentive to do so, because doing so would destroy the value of the currency they are attempting to control. So yes, there's a vulnerability to attack, but again, this is true of any currency. The Russians are currently threatening to destroy Ukraine's currency and are doing a reasonable job of devaluing it.
Bitcoin is highly unstable, price-wise. This may make it, currently, a poor choice for storing long term value. If adoption of bitcoin for a variety of uses--for smart contracts, as a payment rail, for the unbanked--grows, then the larger market will provide for a more stable currency. The instability of bitcoin is mostly due to the fact that the current market is dominated by speculators, but that's a function of this moment in time, not an attribute of bitcoin itself.