@_author: phildos
@_date: 2017-06-16 16:53:01
lol "several times"... how have you not learned to keep better track of your passwords!!! :P
@_date: 2017-06-07 19:36:51
Thanks for responding, and I'll definitely check out the channel!
But Proof of Stake seems like a legitimate alternative- right?
Proof of Work is about aligning the incentives of the invested. That is, it ensures the only way to find oneself in a position where you can make a decision about the block chain (via the inclusion of a block) is to have invested in going through the motions to solve a block (expensive!). So doing sufficient work to solve a block = being sufficiently invested = asking for and being given power. you are rewarded if you use that power consistent with the needs of the chain (in terms of a literal BTC reward, + the currency gains legitimacy and thus your literal BTC reward remains valuable). And thus, the incentives align the desires of the miner and the goal of the chain. Power is unfortunately consumed as an externality.
Proof of Stake seems to mirror all those motions, minus the externality. It ensures the only way to find oneself in a position where you can make a decision about the block chain (via the inclusion of a block) is to be invested in owning a lot of {insert coin using POS} (expensive!). So being sufficiently invested = asking for and being given power. You are rewarded ... (same as the rest of the previous paragraph)
So POS retains the necessary underpinning of the crypto (would require a 51% share of people invested in the tech to go against their incentives to coherently/unfraudulently maintain the ledger), while making mining very cheap in terms of externalities.
I *think* this is how it works, anyways. Would love to hear more thoughts regarding if/where I'm wrong, and how that understanding plays into various crypto's decision to adopt POS (or not).
@_date: 2017-06-16 19:47:54
np! yeah a couple things to note:
It's set up to only work on v3 ethereum wallets (`"version":3`), with scrypt key derivation (`"kdf":"scrypt"`). if that's what you've got- you should be good to go!
(pm me if you need any further help!)
@_date: 2017-06-23 15:44:19
I'm impressed with your commitment and consistency in using "idiot" as your go-to insult. It's jarring to see it pop up so repeatedly.
@_date: 2017-06-16 16:54:44
I know this is r/Bitcoin, but I recently helped a guy crack his ethereum wallet (and didn't steal anything! :P). See the post here:  
I'm actually currently helping another guy do the same. So, if you want to diversify your options, give me a PM ;)
Edit: well shit. looks like the guy deleted the description. I promise he had an edit in there saying "HOLY SHIT u/Phildos ACTUALLY GOT IT TO WORK, AND HE DIDN'T STEAL ANYTHING!". lol.
@_date: 2017-06-16 16:58:26
edit: as a bonus, I've released the tools I dev'd to do it open source
Generate a .txt file from common deviations from basic password combinations: 
Run a .txt file with a list of passwords against the crypto to verify againsta wallet: 
They're not well documented, as I dev'd em as one-off's in a day or two. But if you can figure out how to modify 'em for your own needs- go for it!
(Also, I'm aware I've hard committed wallet file/password details to the repositories: the wallet's password is "thisisatestwallet". lol)
EDIT: Some people have contacted me requesting help. That's awesome! But I just want to be straightforward here that I can't really justify hogging up my one rig cracking passwords without some payment if it works (sorry!). How about 10% of the wallet? Or if you have a huge wallet or something, just offer in terms of ETH.
Again, just want to be straightforward.
OTOH, if you want to use my tools yourself for free: go right ahead!
@_date: 2017-06-23 15:37:32
yeah- are you actually correct here?
If the network is sufficiently "poisoned" with enough nodes that fail to propagate certain requests, node propagation will be unmanageable by someone aiming to distribute those requests (mainly, accepting a new block without conforming to segwit).
because the nodes are active agents currently, they are simply a valid part of the network. it's not like the non-segwitting miners can say "push to the network of non-UASF nodes", because such a distinction doesn't exist from its perspective. It just means slow propagation = huge disadvantage in appending the next block = UASF chain becomes longer/more valid.
So yeah- even if you're not a miner, filling the network with these "sleeper agents" is actually *very* effective at accomplishing something...