@_author: phillylyft
@_date: 2017-11-02 13:26:42
Is it the expectation that bitcoin will reach [$1,000,000](
@_date: 2017-09-25 19:28:53
The merchant wants to encourage his consumers to use bitcoin, the increasing value prevents them from doing so because they expect the value to go up. He has to find a way to get his consumers to use bitcoin, despite the fact they think it's value will increase. This whole thread is about eliminating the "that pizza cost me $250", which is exactly why the increasing value of bitcoin is everything. 
Buying the bitcoins himself helps him get bitcoins, but that's not the goal of discounting. The goal is to get people to spend their bitcoins, and then have them go get more. It completely defeats the purpose of bitcoins if you just buy and hold them yourself. 
@_date: 2017-09-25 18:07:55
Discounts are interesting because theoretically you'd always expect the value of the bitcoin to increase, so you should always offer a discount based on the future value of the bitcoin. This helps both you and the consumer. You give them an incentive to go buy more bitcoins because they are getting a discount. You get to hold the bitcoin as it gains value, surpassing the value of what you sold in the first place; assuming bitcoins continue to go up in value as more people use them. 
@_date: 2017-09-25 17:51:31
It's interesting reading some of the comments here as a complete noob. My initial reaction, is that in order for Bitcoin to work, and I mean to really work, you'd have to live in an area where you could use bitcoins exclusively. What you want to see, is bitcoin valued with its purchasing power. 
Right now people see it's value as compared to the dolor. I.E. How many Dollars can I get for a single bitcoin? What you need to do, is look at the purchasing power of a single bitcoin. 
Right now, I don't see many places I can physically spend a bitcoin, so why would I ever want to be paid in one?? I don't want to have to exchange my bitcoins for cash, I want to be able to go to the Pizza Shop, and based on the amount of bitcoins I have, judge the stated value of the pizza in bitcoin. 
I am seeing this come up a lot with "discounts for using bitcoins" in the comments. I've seen NewEgg as an example; they don't offer any discounts, but they accept bitcoin. Do they pay in bitcoin if they accept them? or do those bitcoins go right to the top and stay there?? 
If they could pay them out, and if there was a way for their employees to buy basic things like Food, etc, you may get somewhere. 
@_date: 2017-09-25 18:16:08
That's because retailers don't give you incentive to spend your bitcoins. If it was 50% off to spend your bitcoin, you would be getting the item and then your remaining bitcoin would represent the same value you had previously. Also, the person who sold the item or service to you will now have that same value as well. You've just enriched two people with the price of one service; sounds kinda like a scam when you put it that way. 
@_date: 2017-09-25 18:12:22
I've left a couple comments with examples. It's well worth it to get paid in bitcoins if certain conditions are met. You need to be able to buy the things you need with bitcoin in order for this to work. Like if I can go to a diner and get food and tip with bitcoin, then I'd like to be paid in bitcoin, because any bitcoins I don't spend will start to elevate in value. 