@_author: philwearn
@_date: 2015-01-24 22:40:15
"It's not about being better: It's about industry buy-in and wide-scale adoption."
Bitcoin has no real industry, it is 6 years old and has achieved diddly squat in terms of global takeover. If it were going to be massive it would have happened by now. Hell, youtube is just a few years older and their market dwarfs that of bitcoin. I've been in bitcoin since they were under 3 dollars. IMO bitcoin made it huge, just not as big as everyone expected. It is a stepping stone to better technology.
The only reason bitcoiners refuse to see that is they are invested in an inferior technology. It's like if everyone that used ask jeeves was also invested in it. When google came around they'd bury their heads in the sand and ignore it. But that didn't happen because users weren't invested in the platform, they naturally went to the best one. If you can take a step back from what you are invested in and look at the big picture it's pretty clear that bitcoin will be a stepping stone to something better. AOL didn't win, Myspace didn't win, bitcoin won't win. 
And now that you bring up sidechains I'd like to point out a flaw that proponents of sidechains completely ignore: Any crypto created on a sidechain is forever tied to bitcoins deflationary economics. That hinders experimentation of the economic principles and is destined to fail. One of the biggest reason to mess around with other platforms is to innovate on the economic principles driving it all. If you can't do that then sidechains have no use to me or many other people of the general public who find blockchain tech interesting but hate the terrible economics behind bitcoin.
Keep thinking sidechains will keep bitcoin relevant. In reality they keep intact one of bitcoins greatest flaws, deflationary economics, and will point people to other options.
Edit to add: If ethereum achieves its goal of going mainstream (300 million plus users) in 5 years, no one will care that bitcoin came first. Bitcoins market is tiny, at most a few million people, and more like a few hundred thousand active members. 
@_date: 2015-01-25 16:12:05
lol, even better. They have marketing teams and whatnot and they couldn't succeed. Bitcoin is really fucked. The biggest marketing team, r/bitcoin and tipping, drive away new users before you guys even know what happened. I love how y'all spam everyone and think you are doing a great job viral marketing. Guess that's why subreddits ban tippers. lolololol
@_date: 2015-01-25 16:27:01
I used to think like you until I saw bitcoin in action for 4 years, or should I really say not in action, cause 99% of users just hold and never spend.
Computers are one example to consumer goods. With bitcoin EVERYTHING deflates. Why go to a sports game today when you can go to 10 in a year? why buy a house today when you can buy 5 in a few years? Answer is you wouldn't. You have everyone sitting around talking about how they are going to be rich for NO WORK (bitcoiners favorite fantasy) and just waiting for their sell out point. That isn't a real currency and will never be used as one.
Deflating money is horrible, the exact reason we stopped using it long ago. It doens't encourage a strong economy, it encourages hoarding. That may work fine for a few electronics but to as a currency if fails. Pretty much everyone interested in bitcoin knows dick about economics...if they do know economics they aren't interested in bitcoin. Computer scientist can't make the worlds best currency on their own, they don't have the economic knowledge.
@_date: 2015-01-24 23:57:17
@_date: 2015-01-25 16:36:59
Bitcoin doesn't have a market. How will it be hard to disrupt and take over that market when it doesn't exist? A couple hundred thousand users is not a market and will make no difference when viral technology comes along.
And so what if bitcoin will be fixed to do the same stuff one day (possibly, and not as well as ethereum), it will still be fragmented as hell between different services. It's like having the choice of every type of 3d printer or 1 that does every option? You can make the same stuff with both options, but one of the options has everything in one place and the other is a pain in the ass cause you gotta switch machines.
@_date: 2015-01-24 21:39:00
Ethereum is going to hit you guys hard. 
@_date: 2015-01-25 18:28:14
I love how every time you say something you do more damage to the bitcoin movement than could do in a month. Keep up the solid work comrade! 
@_date: 2015-03-01 20:24:26
Khan Academy on [inflation]( 
@_date: 2015-03-11 19:42:00
Something something fundamentals... 