@_author: philogus
@_date: 2015-06-14 03:55:24
Even better, why don't all of the African nations form an African Union and adopt Bitcoin as the official currency for all of them?  Sub-Saharan Africa is blessed with plenty of sunshine, lots of rivers and waterfalls, and plenty of wind, making solar/hydro/wind powered Bitcoin mining farms viable. The European Union formed to maintain the economic status of European countries, I see no reason why an AU couldn't do the same.  If Bitcoin could not meet all of the needs of the AU members, then they would add the next altcoin to the mix (e.g Litecoin).  So 80% of the economic activity on the continent would be handled by Bitcoin, and the remaining 20% by Litecoin.  If the economic actiivity grew beyond the transaction capacity of Bitcoin and Litecoin, then a third altcoin would be added to the mix (e.g. Peercoin).
@_date: 2015-06-21 07:29:11
No problem!
@_date: 2015-06-14 02:37:18
Make sure you have the latest version of Electrum =&gt; 2.3.1 as of today.  If you have no multisig option, you probably have a version of Electrum prior to 2.0.  The version number is listed at the very top of the Electrum (e.g. Electrum 2.3.1 - YourWalletName)
It is very easy to upgrade Electrum: 
@_date: 2015-06-20 07:58:28
Thank you so much!  I'm doing it now.  
@_date: 2015-06-20 09:21:32
No problem!
@_date: 2015-06-20 17:09:19
It's worth it to support Bitcoin and to support a good movie by an independent production company. I just happen to live in a relatively remote area. However, I checked some major metropolitan areas on MovieTickets.com, and they all have multiple theaters, so people in cities like LA, New York, Chicago, Orlando etc would have nowhere near my drive length to see this movie. For me, a 35.5 mile drive is 30 minutes. That is nothing. In my last job, I drove 45 minutes to work each way. I have a plugin hybrid electric vehicle, so I don't burn any gas for the first 21 miles. Again, since I am a HUGE supporter of Bitcoin, I am willing to make the trip to a beautiful area of my part of the country that I have never seen before.
@_date: 2015-06-20 10:07:04
That is actually incorrect for my situation because  I don't get paid in cash, I get paid in an electronic funds transfer directly to my bank account. So for me it would actually be:
1.) Sign up for an ATM card.
2.) Find an ATM with reasonable fees.
3.) Enter my ATM card.
4.) Enter my pin.
5.) Input the amount.
6.) Pay a fee on the order of 2% or more, depending on how much I take out (my bank does not have ATMs or branches local to me, which is not a problem for me because I never use cash).
7.) Go to to the closest movie theater.
8.) Pay with cash.
Paying from home with Bitcoin, and putting myself at no risk of someone stealing my credit card information, is actually a lot better for me than paying at the theater with my credit card.  Paying with Bitcoin from home is cheaper for me than taking out cash from my local ATM because it charges a $2.25 fee versus the $1.35 convenience fee that I paid when I checked out with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-06-20 09:13:24
I'm going to see it tonight.  I just purchased my tickets with Bitcoin.  I'm pretty excited to see it based on the trailer and the Rotten Tomatoes reviews.
@_date: 2015-06-14 10:57:38
This question needs a little bit more context.  Several altcoins are good alternatives (e.g. Litecoin and Peercoin).  However,  I think that Bitcoin will always be the king of cryptocurrencies.  Litecoin, Peercoin, et al will handle the digital currency transactions above and beyond Bitcoin's capacity. For example, 95% of the global cryptocurrency traffic may go through Bitcoin, and the remaining 5% through altcoins.
@_date: 2015-06-20 15:06:53
I have faith that the system will eventually make it much easier.  The biggest thing holding back Bitcoin right now in my opinion is that vendors still hide the "the pay with Bitcoin" option most of the time.  That is why it was so hard for me to figure out how to buy my Dope tickets with Bitcoin.  They hide it because such a small percentage of the population currently uses Bitcoin, and they don't want to get a "bad image" with those who come to their site, see the word "Bitcoin", and associate it with drugs or the Silk Road.  But this will fade as Bitcoin actually gains more adoption, and people actually use it for the first time.  It is truly a fantastic system, and I believe that the first time people actually see the checkout page go from a countdown to "payment received" in a matter of seconds, they will be sold.
@_date: 2015-06-20 09:29:39
send 2,924.56 bits
@_date: 2015-06-20 17:12:49
No.  The whole point is that I want to support the idea of using Bitcoin to pay for movies.  There is a theater 3 miles from my house that I is playing Dope, but I don't want to use my debit card, or pay with cash =&gt; **I want to pay with Bitcoin**. If I lived in a big city right now, I wouldn't have to drive 35 miles.  I could buy my ticket from the convenience of home with Bitcoin and skip all of the ads by showing up at the theater about 20 minutes after the scheduled start time.
@_date: 2015-06-14 02:02:46
I use Electrum myself, and I love it.  The 12 word pneumonic is just used to represent a large 256 bit number that is used to seed your HD wallet.  You could actually just create an Electrum wallet with your own randomly created 256 bit number instead of allowing Electrum to generate a 12 word phrase.  For example, you could create your own long phrase (offline) and use the SHA-256 hash (created on an offline computer) of that phrase to seed you Electrum wallet.  You could create a 2 of 2 multisig wallet in Electrum using the SHA256 hashes of two different phrases. 
For example, the SHA256 hash of 'On October 17, 1832, Knight Rider premiered on BBC 17.' is 2d6016399fe4d6bb50c737e6ce7e57b0f8ca1b43290beff4560a157e2ae09011 (This is just a very weak example.  I would never use this as one of the phrases that I would use to create one of my SHA-256 hashes.  For security reasons, I will not explain my own methodology, but the more complex a phrase you create, the more secure your coins will be.  The reason for this is simple: a more complex phrase is harder to guess, so an attacker is left having to guess your SHA-256 hashes: an incredibly time consuming and difficult process.  Right now he'd have to guess two hashes if you chose a 2 of 2 mulitisig.  In the future, when Electrum goes to M of N multisig, the attacker will have no idea how many SHA 256 hashes you used, so he is going to have to try to guess different combinations.  It frankly won't be worth his time, he'll move on to easier targets).
The phrase is just used to create the hash =&gt; you don't need to keep it.  All that you would need to store is the two SHA-256 hashes that you used to seed your wallet. You would create the wallet by going to File =&gt; New/Restore =&gt; Restore wallet + multi-signature wallet =&gt; 2 of 2 =&gt; NEXT =&gt; enter your two SHA-256 hashes.  This works because your 12 word passphrase just represents a 256 bit number.  So for someone to just randomly guess both of your SHA-256 hashes is on the order of centuries:  
WARNING:  you don't want to use any phrase found in a book, article, online, a movie etc to create your SHA-256 hash.  Hackers are very smart and they use Rainbow Tables to store hashes of common phrases found online and in other popular sources.  However, the principles used in creating a good password could also be employed in creating a precursor phrase for a good SHA-256 hash.  For example, what if you created an extremely long phrase full of nonsense, non existing words, words  in different languages etc.  This would be almost impossible to guess.  So the hacker trying to steal your coins would be left trying to guess two random SHA-256 hashes.  He would then have to test each two hashes he guesses by creating an Electrum wallet to see if it has any coins in it.  This would be such a slow process that it would take a determined hacker thousands of years (or more) to find a wallet with actual coins in it.  Electrum will eventually go to M of N multisig wallets, making it even harder on hackers.  Imagine if you had to guess 17 SHA-256 hashes to hack a wallet.
The longer the phrase you choose, and the more illogical it is, the less chance that someone would ever randomly guess it.  By making it multisig, they would have to guess both of your phrases or both of your SHA-256 hashes. 
@_date: 2015-06-20 08:33:02
Done! Thanks again. I have a few hundred friends on Facebook, so I posted these instructions to my Facebook Friends Only wall to help them do the same (at this point, I want to do whatever I can to help Bitcoin become mainstream.  I won't hide my passion for Bitcoin anymore, so if they connect my real identity to my Reddit identity, so be it):




























@_date: 2015-06-14 10:53:56
If the African continent formed an African Union, and went straight to Bitcoin is the universal currency of that Union, they would leap frog ahead of Western Nations in terms of economic policy.  It would allow them to move from developing nations to developed nations faster because they Bitcoin that their governments bought would rapidly increase in value.  African nations with large amounts of natural resources (e.g. Nigeria) could demand that they be paid for those resources (e.g. Nigerian oil) in Bitcoin.  Other nations need Nigerian oil, so they would have no choice but to comply.  This cause an international spread in the use of Bitcoin at the national level.
@_date: 2015-06-14 04:01:55
Here is Google's English translation of the article:
@_date: 2015-06-14 02:46:00
Thank you for the tip!  Once you create a secure Electrum wallet and have your creation hashes stored securely offline, you could delete the wallet, and use the Xpub keys to create a watch only wallet for you to look at your balances.  You could create a separate "hot wallet" for daily spending. For the secure wallet, you could use a QR code creator on an offline computer and a non-network-enabled printer to securely print QR codes of your SHA 256 hashes.  Want to re-create your wallet?  You just pull out your paper wallet with your QR codes, scan them to a secure device with Internet disabled, and then recreate your Electrum wallet with Electrum in offline mode.
@_date: 2015-06-20 17:24:53
I went through the same thing.  Please see my post here: 
@_date: 2014-12-06 20:36:47
Very nice work!  I've already got hard drive space reserved on a server for Storj when it is released to the public.
@_date: 2014-11-28 04:06:18
Good friend once told me that at the end of the day, all that matters is results.  NuBits have probably earned me about a 25% profit in the last couple of months by helping me to avoid the decline in Bitcoin's price. So your arguments don't job with my results.  If you want to succeed in crypto-currency long-term, I would recommend investing in coins that deliver results, not on the grammar used in the white paper.  Regardless of what you think of Peercoin and Litecoin, they have been in the top 10 of altcoin marketcap for over a year.  That CANNOT happen by accident.  There has to be something fundamentally sound about them.   There is no way that I could mine any top 10 crypto-currency on my desktop pc, but I have minted hundreds of NuShares on my 4 year old desktop PC.
So you have every right to dismiss altcoins.  I'll allow them to keep on working for me as they have been for the last few years.
@_date: 2014-11-01 21:04:21
Yes, I basically have the whole dissertation mapped in my mind, and that map is spelled out in this version of the abstract.  What I don't know, and what will change the final version of the abtract, is if businesses would actually adopt Bitcoin to directly fund open source projects.  Once the dissertation is complete, and I have all of the results from interviews, then I'll go back and rewrite the dissertation based on what I've found.
@_date: 2014-11-01 18:21:40
Thank you. That is EXTREMELY valuable feedback.  The abstract is a work in progress, and I am certain that the final version will be very different than this one.
@_date: 2014-11-27 22:46:52
  I'm sorry that there is not much that I can say in response to your statement because you put so little thought into it.  All that I can do is to hope that you actually study the benefits of a binary system.  I don't think that any one coin is going to be the 100% solution.  Bitcoin, by itself, is in my opinion, too unstable in price to take over completely as a form of currency.  But I believe that the altcoins ARE having a stabilizing effect on Bitcoin's price, so both Bitcoin AND the Altcoins serve a very useful purpose.  I believe that Bitcoin and NuBits will be immensely complementary to one another.  As I stated in my post, what I have observed is NOT theoretical.  I have been putting it into practice for the last several months.  I own both BTC and NuBits, and I actively uses each as a hedge against the other, and it has been VERY effective.  So I would very much tend to disagree with your "retarded altcoin" comment, because what I have been doing has worked VERY well.
@_date: 2015-06-03 20:49:15
Based on the quote below, I do not think that it is a mid-level manager who is holding back Google from adopting Bitcoin.  I think that it is Google's Chief Internet Evangelist, Vint Cerf:


Here is my amateur analysis:  Vint Cerf is such a highly regarded figure that he does not have to explicitly say "don't do Bitcoin".  After reading Cerf's thoughts, no middle or upper level manager would dare propose adopting Bitcoin within the company if he or she hopes for future career advancement.  Given Cerf's influence, I suspect that what is going on is a spiral of silence within the company regarding Bitcoin: 
EDIT:  I just read Mike Hearn's comments.  He worked at Google, so he obviously has a lot more insight than I do.  I believe what Mike says.  I also suspect that Vint Cerf not being a big fan of Bitcoin can't help.
@_date: 2014-11-02 03:06:04
Yeah, the article says as much.  I posted this as an argument AGAINST wire transfers, and why Bitcoin is a good replacement for them.  I know that the author starts out rosy on her explanation of wire transfers, but people who understand how Bitcoin works will immediately see how much of a ripoff the wire transfer system is, especially if you consider that it costs $15.50 to receive a wire transfer domestically.
@_date: 2014-10-26 22:50:06
The creators of CurrentC would be wise to incorporate Bitcoin into the system.  Based on the article, I actually like the concept, and I see no reason why they could not get with the developers of Bitcoin, and big Bitcoin companies like Coinbase, Circle, and Bitbay, and add support for Bitcoin.  If you had a Bitcoin wallet on your mobile device, then the CurrentC client could just link up with it, and debit your Bitcoins when you pay.  The retailer would have no idea that you paid with Bitcoins.  The client would just query the current price of BTC in fiat, pay your bill, and you're done.  I might drop by the CurrentC website and suggest that they work with Bitcoin instead of compete against it.  Then together we can slay Visa, Mastercard et. al.
@_date: 2014-11-02 06:57:37
New York is REALLY shooting itself in the foot.  They forced Hannity out (headed to Texas), Glen Beck out (Texas), Limbaugh out (Florida).  I was listening to Howard Stern the other day, and he was complaining that NYC confiscates half of his pay, so I wouldn't be surprised if he leaves too. This is a 3 year old article, but I'm sure that it still rings true today:
@_date: 2014-11-27 18:52:47
 I respect your right to respond however you like.  However, I can attest to this: using Bitcoin and NuBits symbiotically HAS WORKED for me.  It has allowed me to maintain a lot of the value of my BTC holdings by strategically shifting back and forth between the 2.
I understand your skepticism, but I recommend that you actually try this technique yourself during the next Bitcoin bear market: sell your BTC for NuBits as the price starts to tank, and then buy your BTC back as the recovery starts.
@_date: 2014-11-02 06:43:40
@_date: 2014-01-04 11:04:33
That is an incorrect analysis. What the video is saying is that Thomas Edison tried to introduce a similar concept back in 1921:
"He thought at length about the subject of money over 1921 and 1922. In May 1922, he published a proposal, entitled "A Proposed Amendment to the Federal Reserve Banking System".[95] In it, he detailed an explanation of a commodity-backed currency, in which the Federal Reserve would issue interest-free currency to farmers, based on the value of commodities they produced. During a publicity tour that he took with friend and fellow inventor, Henry Ford, he spoke publicly about his desire for monetary reform. For insight, he corresponded with prominent academic and banking professionals. In the end, however, Edison's proposals failed to find support, and were eventually abandoned.[96][97]" from: 
@_date: 2014-12-07 01:13:14
Thanks for the tip!  Will do.
@_date: 2014-11-02 06:49:51
I haven't done it in about a year, but LocalBitcoins was fantastic for me.  I found one person who was extremely reliable, and I used him over and over again.  We became pretty good friends, and we developed trust to the extent that he let me send him Paypal once. 
 This isnt a quick fix, but I think that the long term best bet might to become part of a local Bitcoin community (for example, attending local Bitcoin meetups), and developing friendships where you can do exchanges with them.  Another option may be seeing where the closest Bitcoin ATM is to you.  I've heard that the online BTC ATM maps are not very accurate, so you might want to call first to make sure that they actually have one.  I used to sell items on Bitmet to get BTC when it existed, but that option is unfortunately gone.  
Don't worry, when the next bank crisis hits (and it will) Bitcoin will be standing by ready to take over.
@_date: 2014-01-04 10:28:29
I agree his product is a scam.  I completely ignored it. HOWEVER, the video did present some VERY valuable analysis of the global monetary system, and why Bitcoin is an improvement on the system. I CANNOT and WILL NOT ignore the very valuable and positive aspects of this video, and I recommend that other people watching it do the seem. I trust the intelligence of people to separate out the bad from the good.
I didn't even watch the last 20 minutes because I have seen this several versions of this kind of scam in the last 20 years (e.g. Don Lapre's Making Money series of the 1990s). However, I thought that it was valuable enough to post because, they I disagree with the need for his product and my distaste for preying on people based on what they don't know, I felt that his analysis of the fiat money system and why Bitcoin improves upon it was spot on.
If the people that watch this video a smart and view everything with a skeptical eye as they watch this, I think that there is a lot to be learned. Most people that I know are pretty attuned to the level of scams that permeate society, and are highly reluctant to spend money on any scheme, no matter how good it sounds. So I doubt that many people would watch this and end up buying this package. I believe that the good analysis of the monetary system outweighs the negatives of an obvious snake oil seller.
In my own personal quest to constantly learn, I have realized that you need to be skeptical, but you need to have an open enough mind to separate valuable information out and digest it when it is mixed in with potentially harmful information. I have learned to absorb the good and filter out the bad. I recommend that any one watching this video do the same. If you spend you entire life listening to naysayers, you would never leave the house. All that they ever see is the negative in anything, so just ignore them. 
"The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty."
Winston Churchill
I found the video useful, and some if his insights left me more informed than when I started watching it. I will not be buying his product, but I will also not let someone else convince that something that helped to improve my understanding of a concept is all bad.
@_date: 2014-12-07 13:19:55
 Will Storj have a native wallet/driveshare app for Linux (specifically Centos 7) when it is released?
@_date: 2014-11-04 03:22:55
Very nice.  The more exchanges, the more upward pressure on Bitcoin's price.
@_date: 2014-11-01 21:09:23
What is not known, and what would advance knowledge in my field, is whether or not businesses would accept a new model.  Would businesses be willing to:
* Switch to open source software.
* Support open source software through direct peer-to-peer BTC donations.
Secondly, would open source software developers be open to some sort of central registry where businesses could find them reliably (another idea that I have been toying around with is a sidechain-based registry where open source software developers would pay trusted registry companies to verify that they indeed own a particular software project, ad have the knowledge and credentials to deliver what the open source software promises (perhaps including technical support).
@_date: 2014-01-04 11:06:47
I learned from the video. Period. What many in Reddit try to do on intimidate anyone that they do not agree with. I, Sir, will not be intimidated by you or anyone else. The video has value in terms of its analysis of the history of our financial system, and if you try to convince me that it does not, you will fail. So I recommend that you not try.
@_date: 2014-11-27 20:47:47
This is my honest opinion: NEVER leave your Bitcoins in ANY form of online wallet for an extended period of time (greater than 24 hours): EVER.  Than can be at a Bitcoin exchange, an online wallet like BlockChain.info etc.  Buy your coins, then get them the **** off of there.  I don't see this situation changing anytime in the near future.  Learn how to encrypt your wallet.  Use a recoverable deterministic wallet like Electrum.  Either use the 12 word seed created by electrum, or create your own random seed of a size that you determine using openssl.
On Linux you can create a 12 word seed for electrum using this command (for optimal security, you would do this using a Live Linux distro on a computer not connected to the Internet):
openssl rand -hex 32
You can create a longer seed using
openssl rand hex SomeNumberGreaterThan32
You can then store the seed in any one of multiple possible secure fashions: print it from a secure printer (preferably one not Internet connected), store it in a higly encrypted file etc.
The specifics of how you learn how to do what I have said above is not as important as learning the most fundamental principle:
* Make it as difficult as physically possible for ANYONE to gain access to your private keys.
There is no way to do this easily if you use an online wallet. You basically give the owner of the online wallet full control of your keys.  (Coinbase does have some more secure options that you may want to look at in the future).  However, if you decide that you still MUST buy Bitcoins now, there is only one option that I would consider TODAY: a Coinbase account with 2 Factor Authentication enabled, and use of the spending API disabled.  Personally Coinbase is the only online wallet that I trust to store any of my coins long term, and I only store very small amounts there.  This is because they are U.S.-based, and they comply with all requirements of the US governments AML/KYC requirements.  This means that the chance of them getting shutdown by the government, and me losing my coins, is minimal.  Now there is always the chance that the owners of Coinbase could go rogue, and steal all of my coins.  That is why i only keep small amounts there.
The optimally secure way for you to store your Bitcoins (IMO), is a P2SH multisignature wallet that has two or more private keys that you keep in separate undisclosed locations.  Ideally, you would print all of your private keys on archival paper in hermetically sealed bags, and put each bag in a safe deposit boxes in different banks.  I less secure option would be a deterministic single private key wallet where you print the seed on archival paper, and do the same as discussed above.  All electronic copies of your wallet should then be destroyed.  With the P2SH option, you would import your private keys into a wallet when you are ready to spend the funds, in the case of the deterministic wallet, you would recreate your wallet using the seed.
I know that you don't know how to do any of this yet.  I would not invest in Bitcoin until you learn.  Here is a good place to start the learning process:
@_date: 2014-11-01 22:14:13
**Vendor lock in is not about their services, but their products and data formats. Lock in happens not because you have no access to the underlying program code, but because there is no other software that can work with the data that you have already created, or the hardware you have bought. Open standards are much more important here than open source - if there are multiple software products that can handle the same data, there is no risk of lock in, even if all these products are closed source.**
I agree with almost everything that you said above, but I also think that not having access to source code causes problems.  The fact that I can't access the source code to Microsoft Office makes it impossible for the developers of an open source competitor to make a  completely compatible product.  This is a form of indirect vendor lock-in because Microsoft  (and similar companies) know that a client has no hope of switching if the open source alternative can't create compatible files.  So yes, open protocols are important, but so is accessible source code.
**I fail to see how Bitcoin helps with solving your hypothesized funding problem.**
Businesses would buy all the Bitcoin that they need for purchases/donations at the beginning of the fiscal year.  You can't do this with credit.   They would buy the amount of bitcoins that they could afford based on their fiscal health from the previous fiscal year.  They would then donate a proportional dollar amount of bitcoins to the open source projects that are beneficial to their business.  Bitcoin would allow them to do this regardless of where the open source project is located. In FY_A, where they had a $100 million profit, the company would buy $1,000,000 worth of Bitcoin; in FY_B, where they had a $90 million profit, they would buy $0.9 million worth of Bitcoin.  In FY_B, the open source project would just have to try to do the same with less.
**Perhaps you can even say that one of the strengths of open source software is how it almost entirely unfunded.**
In principle, I agree 100%. However, in practice, open source software still has some serious quality issues.  I am writing my dissertation in LibreOffice on an Centos system, and LO has crashed more than 10 times today alone (the document is in .odt format).  The document is long and complex, and LibreOffice is not up to the task (as much as I love it, and the concept behind it).   If 10% of the companies using Microsoft Office switched to LibreOffice, and each of those companies pledged to donate 1% of their annual profit to LO, then the quality of LO would dramatically increase.  Since the Document Foundation is in Germany, Bitcoin would be an ideal way for corporations in other countries to donate to it.
**Another very important aspect of open source is that it is free - free as in freedom. The fact that it is also free to use for your aforementioned business owner is a nice side-effect, but hardly the driving factor for creating open source software.**
People would still create open source software for free, but regular funding in the form of Bitcoin donations would allow many of them to dedicate a greater percentage of their time to their projects (how many open source software developers have to write their code after working for 8 hours at an unrelated employer)?
@_date: 2014-12-24 12:51:31
Look at buying and then minting a Proof-Stake coin, such as NuShares, and then exchanging for Bitcoin over time.  For example, I own a lot of NuShares, which are far easier to mint than Bitcoin is to mine.  I solo mint my NuShares on an old Dell Optiplex computer, and I am currently finding between 8 and 10 blocks a day (one block is 40 coins).  
The price of NuShares has been up quite a bit relative to Bitcoin since I started buying them.  When I started buying NuShares a couple of months ago, they were between 800 and 1,000 Satoshis each.  Now, they are about 1,800 Satoshis each.  I could sell all of my NuShares now, and I would have nearly doubled my number of Bitcoins.  However, the probability of minting more NuShares is directly proportional to the number that I own, so I want to stay in NuShares as long as they are more profitable than converting to Bitcoin.
My long term goal is to accumulate as many Bitcoin as possible, and NuShares are the vehicle that I believe will get me to that goal most efficiently, without having to buy expensive mining equipment.
@_date: 2014-11-01 23:28:49
I just got off of the phone with my research advisor.  I discussed with him the direction in which I'm going. He warned me that I have to be careful not the lead the interviewees to the answer that I want to hear.  So I'll probably delete this thread before I even start my research. Thank goodness that my Reddit identity is anonymous.  I don't want my subjects to know what my position is.  Everything that I have posted here is tentative.  The title, the abstract, everything may change once I get the results.  My gut tells me that businesses would switch to open source projects, and they would help to fund those projects, but I think that what is holding this back is the fact that the people in executive positions who make software acquisition decisions fall into one  of these categories:
* They don't know about open source software alternatives.
* They don't trust open source software alternatives.
My gut also tells me that it's a chicken and the egg problem: the quality of open source software sucks because guys are developing it on their free time.  Bitcoin COULD give them a reliable source of funding, but businesses don't trust that model, especially when they associate Bitcoin with the Silk Road, scams, failed exchanges etc. Also, how do they know that the developer won't just collect the bitcoins, and never work on the project.  So I think that 2 things need to develop: a patronage payment system based on Bitcoin, and a registry where open source software developers would pay to have their reputations evaluated.  The two would be combined in a way that would allow a business to log in to a website, see which open source projects are trusted, which developers are trusted, and the directory would allow the company to link with the developer, get his or her Bitcoin address, and then send funds to held fund the continued development of the project.
I envsion a completely decentralized solution where the directly was built into the Bitcoin protocol itself.  Registry companies would all of the vetting work, and they would share the results with miners.  Miners would then add the registry information to a Bitcoin sidechain.  Then, when I open my Bitcoin client (this could be built into all of them), I would have a directory tab where I could search for projects, find their official Bitcoin address(es),  communicate with them, and set up doing business.  For example, the new Bitcoin sidechain would have an associated email client that would be a new tab in the Bitcoin client.  If Google wanted to fund a specific feature added to OpenSSL (this is probably a bad example because Google has other channels, but it will illustrate the idea), they would open a Bitcoin client, search for "OpenSSL", and the name of the project lead would come up, along with the official Bitcoin address of the project.  Google would write up a proposal, and send it off.  The lead developer would reply, and cite the cost.  Google would agree, send half the BTC up front, and the second half when the project is done.  I know that Bitcoin 2.0 projects are doing this sort of thing with smart contracts,  but this makes it even more confusing.  You now have to discover a completely new come, you have to learn how smart contracts work in that coin etc.  
Bitcoin is already known, so I'd rather see some build a simple registry interface into Bitcoin with its own sidechain.  They need to build it not for geniuses with PhDs in computer science, but in a way that the average corporate executive could immediately understand it.  Email took off because any human being on the planet can understand almost immediately how it works.  I don't think that what I am proposing here will take off until someone builds it in a way that MOST people would immediately get it.
  So both Bitcoin and open source software have a perception problem, but I suspect that this perception would change very quickly if open source/Bitcoin started to save companies a lot of money.
@_date: 2014-12-21 16:52:40
Thank you for the reply!
@_date: 2014-11-02 08:35:04
Lol!  I'm not a fan of Hannity, Beck, or Limaugh (though Limbaugh used to be entertaining a couple of decades ago), but they employed a lot of people, directly and indirectly.  I really don't care about a person's politics when people's welfare is concerned.  People need jobs, and any state that forces employers to leave is idiotic.  NYC should have learned from the financial collapse of 2008, but I guess that they are doomed to repeat the lesson in the future.
@_date: 2014-11-27 18:54:08
Yeah, I eventually want to replace all of my credit card usage with my crypto-currency reserves.
@_date: 2014-11-01 23:17:03
Hmm, interesting.  In my research, I think I read somewhere that Satoshi himself thought about adding such a feature to Bitcoin, or creating another coin with such a feature.  So do you think that businesses should use Namecoin if they want such a feature, or would you be a proponent of adding it to Bitcoin?  This is just my opinion, and perhaps misunderstanding, but Bitcoin has a $4 billion marketcap versus about $8 million for NMC, it would seem to me that it would be easier to get business to buy into Bitcoin with an added registry feature than it would be to get them to buy into Namecoin.  Do you think that adding a built-in registry feature to Bitcoin would make it a "killer app" that businesses would feel compelled to adopt?
@_date: 2014-11-02 03:02:42
I never said they did. I said that they would run feedwater through a Bitcoin miner instead of a feedheater.  The rest of the equipment (condenser etc would remain in place).  In the diagram on the right side of this page, just plug in the Bitcoin miner where the feedheater is, and disconnect the steam line from between the high and low pressure turbines: 
The low pressure turbine would operate at a higher pressure, and hence a higher efficiency.  The work out of the turbine would increase, but the temperature of the condensate would remain roughly the same.  
@_date: 2014-11-28 00:31:27
I have invested in several altcoins: Litecoin, Unobtanium, Peercoin, Darkcoin, and Primecoin to name a few. NuBits is different than ALL of them in one regard, it is the only one that helps me to protect my Bitcoin earnings.  all of the rest of them rise and fall with Bitcoin, and it is impractical for me to cash out of Bitcoin during every bear market.  NuBits allows me to stay in crypto during the inevitable Bitcoin dips.  In fact, what I typically do is this: I move from my existing BTC into NuBits during the dips, and I buy MORE BTC as well during the dip. This has allowed me to accumulate more BTC over time.  Unobtanium and Darkcoin also occassionally diverge from BTC, allowing me to accumulate more BTC.  All that I am saying is that if you completely ignore the good altcoins, like NuBits, you are missing some fantastic opportunities.
@_date: 2014-11-05 00:15:45
Fantastic news!  I just bought my first laptop with no Microsoft tax: a 15" model from Zareason.  I hope that Bitcoin becomes the currency of choice in the Linux commmunity.
@_date: 2014-11-01 23:55:53
Agreed.  There really needs to be an ethics department at Google, and other similar advertising companies, that are willing to say "no". They should disallow ads that in any way hurt the reputation of the entity named in the ad.  I wrote Google a couple of times complaining about the ads that come up when you search for the term "Firefox".  I checked it today, and it seems that they have changed their policies on this. 
I did a Google search for "Bitcoin".  Wallet companies should NOT be allowed.  If I were Google, I would allow Coinbase and Bitpay to buy ads for Bitcoin, and perhaps a couple more.  Buying an ad should be contingent on the reputation of the person buying the ad.  You have to be a business that has maintained a good reputation and standing for a long period.  This would have prevented bitcoininvestment from purchasing their Bitcoin ad.
@_date: 2014-08-21 08:24:28
They offer only one that I know of: the Dell XPS 13, a "developer" laptop with a 13" screen. It is very good, but I want a 17.3" laptop. Also, Dell hides their Linux offerings. It is extremely difficult to find ANY Linux offerings on their website (I looked). The only one that I could find was the XPS 13. BTW, Dell does accept Bitcoin, they just don't offer a good selection of computers with Linux pre-installed: System 76 does.
@_date: 2014-11-01 21:22:42
Thank you for the feedback.  When I start collecting data, I plan on presenting this concept to businesses to hear their thoughts, and to find out if they would adopt such an idea, if it were available to them.  Where I work, open source software is all but banned, yet they recently said that we need to save 6 million dollars at the site where I work, this fiscal year.  I don't know what our software licensing fees are, but I suspect that we could save A LOT if we switched to open source equivalents, and just donated to them instead of paying mandatory licensing fees. The idea for my dissertation came from the fact that the Document Foundation is based in Europe.  If my employer decided to save money by switching to LibreOffice, then Bitcoin would be a very convenient way of sending donations to them.  Now, imagine that businesses decided to do this en masse.  This would be a logical decision because improvements to LibreOffice could benefit all of them, and allow all of them to make the switch.  This concept would be most applicable to open source projects that are headquartered in a different nation than the corporation using the software.  However, Bitcoin would also be a convenient way for a U.S. based company to pay Red Hat, or any another domestic open source company.  At the beginning of the fiscal year, the company would buy enough Bitcoin to fund their software donations for the entire year.  Even if the price of Bitcoin goes down, the NUMBER of Bitcoins that they send would remain the same. So the company can more accurately predict their expenses.  
Here is an example: if the company's profit dropped from $20 million in FY 2013 to $15 million in FY 2014 (assume that the price of BTC remains constant in both years), then they would buy 15/20 the amount of bitcoins in 2014 that they bought in 2013 for donations to open source software projects that they use. However, Microsoft, and other similar proprietary software companies, will expect the same licensing fees in both years. 
@_date: 2014-11-02 04:00:10
Absolutely.  I bet that banks are already using Bitcoin to lower their costs by using it for international transfers, while they keep our costs the same.  That might explain some of the sell pressure on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-11-02 06:52:44
Agreed.  I havent used a regularly commercial bank in ages: credit unions all the way, and the credit unions have never given me a problem about Bitcoin.....never.
@_date: 2014-11-02 01:01:23
Do you think that customized mining rigs designed specifically for operation in high pressure environments would solve this problem? Would such a solution be too expensive to be practical?
@_date: 2014-11-02 00:18:10
That makes sense.
@_date: 2014-11-01 23:12:18
Okay, thank you.  I actually looked at multig escrow a little bit today as I was learning how a 3xxxxxx Bitcoin address is created.
@_date: 2014-11-02 01:16:27
How about this: if you apply to post an ad that contains the trademark of another company, they have to approve it.  So for me to buy an ad on Google AdWords containing the word "Firefox", the Mozilla Foundation would have to approve it, and they would get a cut of the ad revenue.  I think that that is fair.  We have freedom of speech, but we don't have the freedom to impugn the good name of a person or company.  In the case of Bitcoin, it would be whoever holds the trademark to the word Bitcoin (if anyone does).
@_date: 2014-11-02 03:10:11
Thanks Kissfm!
@_date: 2014-11-04 02:59:24
To me, it seems that Google is growing increasingly clueless.  The Google that I knew (and loved) several years ago would have been all over Bitcoin. They could have been the first to integrate Bitcoin into their payment system, and they could have made it easy to send Bitcoin from Gmail user to Gmail user. 
I still suspect that a lot of people within Google love the concept of Bitcoin, but the problem may be Vint Cerf's views on Bitcoin: 
That is why I hate the idea of having one charismatic individual within a company that just runs over everyone else.  One wrong individual can hold back a company's progress for years, or decades.  Hopefully, he will leave soon so that the company can actually advance on Bitcoin.  I respect Cerf's accomplishments, but he is mentally stuck in an obsolete 1970s-era financial model.  This is unfortunate.  Just like Warren Buffett, people like Cerf, who succeeded based on a certain set of principles, tend to cling to those principles, even after something that is clearly better comes along.  That is when it is time to gently and respectfully push them aside so that the younger generation can take over.
@_date: 2014-11-02 03:25:03
I really don't get the distinction.  When you're talking about electronic payments, everything is really a payment system because nothing is physical.  Yes, Bitcoin is a payment system, but the terminology really does not matter.  All that matters is that the funds get from point A to point B.  I looked up the definition of currency: "the money that a country uses : a specific kind of money".  So yes, it makes sense that people might always use some sort of physical currency locally, but I doubt it. 100 years from now, it is almost certain in my mind that all payments will be electronic, and the concept of currency will no longer exist.
@_date: 2014-11-02 05:14:24
Bitcoin is cited several times in the comments, but never in the article itself.  The solution is right in front of everyone's face, but many choose to ignore it.
@_date: 2015-05-27 21:04:42
The UK government is not going to listen to any advise that Citibank gives them on Bitcoin.  They know this drill already:  a company gives them "advice" that helps to protect their bottom line. Microsoft recently (allegedly) "advised" several UK politicians that they might  shut down some of their UK operations if the UK proceeds with its move to open document formats: 
If the UK wants advice on Bitcoin, they are not going to go to the UK banking industry.  They will go to respected experts within the Bitcoin space.
@_date: 2014-11-02 03:37:38
At a minimum, Bitcoin will make banks have to reduce their wire transfer fees because there is no way that they'll be able to justify their prices to their customers when the same transaction can be sent for free (or at a MUCH lower cost) using Bitcoin.
Better yet, the banks may start using Bitcoin for their international transfers.  They may already have without passing the savings along to their customers.
@_date: 2014-11-01 18:25:49
I wish I could...no money, but more importantly, no time.
@_date: 2015-05-27 20:44:12
Good point.  My only fear is this: if i play in the United States, and I win several million dollars worth of Bitcoin, how am I going to cash out if I chose too?  Coinbase, Circle et al. are going to want you to explain where all of the bitcoins came from.  I suspect that unless KYC/AML is baked into the payput process, the US government would find a way to ban it.  They wouldn't want a terrorist to win Bitcoins that they could then use to fund terror. I am fairly certain that they would also want any participating nation to do the same. 
@_date: 2014-11-02 01:08:09
I was thinking more solo mining.  It really doesn't matter whether the miner is generating bitcoins or not, all that matters is that it is generating heat by hashing (generating btc is a bonus that makes the whole operation more profitable).
I'm not sure what a pre-heater in a power plant costs, but I imagine that it would be pretty expensive. So I was thinking a permanently installed mining rig that would just sit there solo mining 24 hours a day.  Power plants lose money when they go down, so they plant would be up generating power 95% of the time, or more.  For the price of a commercial pre-heating system, I imagine that a power company could get a pretty phenomenal mining rig, but as the response above cited, I'm not sure how the rig would respond to being exposed to the high pressure/high flow environment of the feedwater system.  I'd love to hear any thoughts from engineers.
@_date: 2014-11-27 14:23:18
The Wikipedia article has been edited in a way that makes it a little bit more fair:
"Bitcoin has been a subject of scrutiny amid concerns that it can be used for illegal activities.[26] Some bitcoins have been used to purchase illicit items—including child pornography[citation needed], credit card details, and drugs—at deep web black markets,[note 7] and are seized by authorities when such sites are shut down. In June 2014, GQ journalist Marshall Sella concluded that what remained of the Silk Road black market site was one of the few places where one could purchase items for bitcoins.[28]"
I think that this entire discussion in the article should be moved to a new section called "Criticisms of Bitcoin", or words to that effect.
@_date: 2014-11-02 03:56:39
I see. That's what I wasn't sure about.  I've never mined, so I had no idea how hot they get.  I kind of imagined a huge bitcoin mining rig with a huge stainless steel or aluminum pipe running right through the center of it.  The mining rig would be completely filled with mineral oil or Novec engineered fluids to increase heat transfer. The fluid would transfer heat from the chips to the pipe, and the pipe would transfer the heat to the feedwater. Looks here like about 80C is the max temperature at which ASIC miners are comfortable:
 Oh well, I learned something new!
@_date: 2015-01-02 05:30:34
I upvoted this because you put some thought into it, and the basic premise is correct: reduce the supply and simulataneously increase demand.  That being said, in my opinion (humbly so) the sooner the Winklevi release the ETF, the better.  I do not personally think that there will be any better news for Bitcoin than mainstream capital on Wall Street flowing into it.  It will signal that Bitcoin has arrived, and is ready to take over the world.
Please keep thinking, and expressing your ideas.  Don't worry about the downvotes.  Some only upvote things that parrot their own beliefs.  This does very little to expand ones thinking: only listening to things that EXACTLY match your thinking.  I would not worry about the price of Bitcoin one way or the other.  It will eventually increase.  
I suspect that the Winkelvoss EFT will go live towards the middle of the year: perhaps between June and August.  This will cause an initial jump in price, perhaps to 400+.  Then it may dip as some take profits. After that, I believe that it will increase at a steady, relatively linear rate.  When the halving occurs, 2016, we will see another relatively big jump in price.
My price predictions are as follows: 
end of 2015, near $500.
end of 2016, near $700.
@_date: 2015-05-25 22:28:50
Just reported this to Google. Thanks for the heads up.  Hopefully it will get taken down before anyone loses funds.
@_date: 2015-05-27 20:26:35
Interesting.  Might this not get the lottery banned or blocked in unfriendly jurisdictions (e.g. Satoshi Dice in the United States)?
@_date: 2015-05-22 01:20:23
Yes.  
* Import old wallet here: 
* send funds to new wallet that you install on your computer (I recommend Electrum =&gt; no blockchain download required).
@_date: 2015-05-27 20:34:42
I'm just trying to present it in a way that it would fly, given international money laundering laws.  If people began to win millions of dollars worth of Bitcoin in a global lottery, governments in unfriendly jurisdictions would block people from playing (Or the lottery operators would block people in those jurisdictions from visiting the lottery website e.g. Satoshi Dice).  If you build KYC/AML into the payout process, you could get a greater percentage of the nations in the world involved.  More nations participating means higher payouts.  If a U.S. only lottery can produce a $656 million payout, imaging what kind of payout a global lottery could produce.
@_date: 2015-05-20 19:40:08
Go for it and don't look back!
@_date: 2014-11-02 01:29:48
I personally think that Google should not allow an automated algorithm to pick who gets to put ads on Adsense.  They should screen each one, and they should have a reputation system where people can report good or bad on websites/companies/individuals BEFORE they get ads up.  Google's ad clicks are not going down because of the quantity of ads, but because of the quality (IMO).  Yes, the rise of mobile has a lot to do with it, but the quality of ads makes me not trust the system.  For example, I just did a Google search for the words Linux, and an ad came up on the right right of the page that said the following:
"Ubuntu Download‎
Download the latest free version!
Free and save download."
Now, I would not click this ad in a million years.  I have no idea what malware they have added to their version of "Ubuntu".  By my mom probably would.  The impression that I get of Google from this is that all they care about is ad revenue, and their brand.  They CERTAINLY would not allow someone to post a similar ad linking to a download of a modified version of Google Chrome.  In other words, they should be looking out for the people who could click on their ads.  I know from personal experience that a lot of people are NOT savvy.  That does not make them stupid, it makes them inexperienced.  They wouldn't know better than to click on the ad above, but Google SHOULD know better than to expose them to it.  If I ran a company, and I saw that ad come across my desk, there is NO WAY that I would approve it.  I would respectfully say that there is one source for Ubuntu, the guys that own the Ubuntu trademark.
@_date: 2015-08-28 18:14:37
Hi Roger!  Thank you for all that you have done for the Bitcoin community.  In 2015, there is no need to spend that kind of money to get a website built, in my opinion.  There are bunch of open source content management systems (OSCMS) that are essentially already a pre-built website.  All of the heavy lifting has been done: all that you have to do is to pay someone to "skin" it to your preferences.  Drupal, Joomla, and Wordpress are very popular examples. You can find web development companies that specialize in OSCMS development.  A reputable company will have lots of examples of websites that they have done before.  If I were you, I would find such a reputable company, and post links to some of their previous work here.  The community could help you decide if this is a company that would give us (the Bitcoin community) good results.  You'd be surprised, some of us would probably offer to help fund this if you found a good reputable developer.  If we could find a developer who accepts Bitcoin, I would definitely contribute.  Probably the most notable website built on an open source content management system is     It is built on Drupal: 
Drupal 8 is going to be released soon, and we could build a phenomenal Bitcoin.com on the Drupal platform.
@_date: 2015-08-31 01:47:41
Thank you!
@_date: 2015-08-05 02:30:36
I talked to her.  She does not want to post her receipt online, even with the personal information redacted, so I have to respect her wishes.  We are having a pretty heated conversation right now.  It is my position that this is basically stealing people's money, and it won't change until we fight back against it as a community.  My mom does not want a fight, so I have to respect that, but at least informing people about what's going on is an important first step in changing how money transmission companies operate.
@_date: 2015-08-05 05:19:06
Home Internet connections are still relatively rare, so most often, the relative would have no way of receiving the bitcoins.  
Given the current state of Nigeria's Internet infrastructure, the most feasible solution (in my opinion) would be to have a major Bitcoin company (e.g. Coinbase or Bitpay) establish relationships with local Nigerian banks.  Coinbase or Bitpay would handle the Bitcoin transaction, and then the local bank would deposit the equivalent amount of Nigerian Naira into the recipient's bank account.  
However, I know nothing about the Nigerian banking industry, so I'm not sure how realistic this is. The other alternative that I could see is Western Union and Moneygram adopting Bitcoin, drastically dropping their fees, and then converting the Bitcoin to the local currency for the recipient in Nigeria.
@_date: 2015-08-05 19:47:03
You're entitled to your opinion, and I don't take your comments personally.  However, I have given my statement that it is basically stealing a lot of thought.  There is a great disparity between the rates that Western Union and Moneygram charge in developing countries versus developed nations.  They know that people in developed nations would not tolerate receiving 80 cents on each dollar sent.  They feel that poor people in developing nations will be so happy to receive money that they will not care that 20% of the funds sent to them were taken.  In my opinion, this is unethical, predatory, and taking advantage of people who need the funds far more than most people in the developed world.  If Western Union were an ethical company, they would make the rates LOWER to poorer nations so that the recipient would receive a higher percentage of the funds sent.  There is so excuse for the current system: it is greed, pure and simple. 
I am not saying that Western Union should not make a profit.  But there is a point at which profits become predatory.  A 5% markup is fair.  A 10% markup is borderline excessive.  A 20% markup is, as I said, legally stealing people's money.
@_date: 2015-08-05 02:12:53
I'll ask her if she can provide it....
@_date: 2015-08-05 05:24:21
I tried to convince one of our relatives who works in the banking industry in Nigeria how Bitcoin could transform it.  However, I could not adequately explain Bitcoin to her via email.  This is something that I would have to do face-to-face using demonstrations.  Right now, it seems that the best option might still be to "hide" the Bitcoin aspect of it, to just present the recipients with their local fiat currency without revealing the underlying technical details.
@_date: 2015-08-05 05:35:45
Wow! Thank you for that info.  I didn't know that mobile 3G was so prevalent.  When I was talking to my mom earlier tonight, I told her that mobile is where Bitcoin will take over first in Africa, but I was talking from a gut feeling rather than actual research (other than a little bit of reading about Kenya's M-Pesa). I'll have to look into this a little more because I have relatives in Nigeria who I want to send money to, but Western Union/Moneygram seem so inconvenient to me.
On my first trip to Nigeria, I did notice how prevalent street currency exchangers were, especially in the Victoria Island region of Lagos.  To me, this seems like a natural area for Bitcoin to Naira, USD, and British pounds exchanges.  
@_date: 2015-07-24 00:36:37
I am a huge supporter of Bitcoin, but this statement just demonstrates the immaturity of the developer.  It is one thing to make intelligent commentary stating ways that something can be improved, but making inflammatory statements that a competing coin is a scam is not helpful in any way.  It creates unneeded animosity that may prevent people from helping you in the future. For example, Coblee, the inventor of Litecoin offered some very helpful comments a few weeks ago: 
Maturity means thinking through the potential results of making statements BEFORE you make them.  Wisdom is learning when it might be better to remain silent.
@_date: 2015-08-05 02:40:18
I went on LBC Nigeria a few months ago, and there were literally no people in Nigeria, and a couple of people in the neighboring country, Ghana.  I checked again tonight, and I was pretty surprised by how much it has expanded:   
However, I think that it would be difficult getting someone from my mom's generation to trust this kind of transaction.  In her mind, she would wonder what assurances she has that the person will actually deliver the funds to her relative.  From my observations, Nigerians in the U.S., the UK, and other parts of the African diasapora, especially older ones, tend to trust large established companies a lot more than individuals due to the rampant scams (called 419 scams) and corruption. 
I think that for Bitcoin remittances to really take off in Nigeria, it is going to have to be an established business, not local traders.  I have only been to Nigeria twice, but I suspect that if Bitcoin remittances to Nigeria really started to take off via LBC, then the local traders would be subject to shakedowns by corrupt local officials.  I might be wrong, but I think that established businesses would be the better way to go, at least for now.   
@_date: 2015-07-10 21:02:08
This thinking helps me a lot: any time something really anomalous happens, like a coin doubling its price in a few days without any significant news causing it, it is probably because somebody is trying to separate you from your Bitcoins.   Think about this: if someone pumps Litecoin, they know that a lot of people will follow them.  But they can pull the trigger and dump at any time.  Effectively what they did was separate you from your Bitcoins.  If you look at everyone else as the enemy trying to separate your from your coins, you will tend to make a lot better decisions over time.
Don't feel so bad because of your loss.  It sucks.  It hurts.  I've been there.  The most important thing is that you learn from it. Be disciplined.  If you see an investment opportunity that is too good to be true, it probably is. Keep most of your coins in cold storage, and only leave a small percentage for speculative investments.
As someone else said, and most importantly, diversify, diversify, diversify.
@_date: 2015-08-29 02:56:11
Fantastic work!  It would be cool if she painted the QR code for her Bitcoin address right into the painting. Imagine people at the art gallery pulling out their cell phones to send her a tip.
@_date: 2015-07-04 18:55:58
I could actually see Bitcoin going up to $69K in a few years, especially if we keep having these global financial crises.
@_date: 2015-07-06 02:08:05
If I remember correctly, you get the routing number/account number from within Bitwage.co when you login.  I set up the whole thing in like 30 minutes.  You sign up for the free Bitwage account, and they walk you through everything.  Once you set it up, you have to wait for them to approve you.  Once you're approved you get all of the details to set up the automatic funds transfer.  I recommend that you set up your Bitwage account with 2 factor authentication.   Once you set it up, you can literally set it and forget it.  If you need to make a change (e.g. change the Bitcoin address they send your payment to) you can easily do that by logging in to Bitwage.co.
@_date: 2015-07-05 22:02:34
Thanks man!
@_date: 2015-04-26 02:08:52
The biggest thing to overcome on Reddit is the fear of being downvoted. Cowards never succeed because they tremble in a corner never having the courage to say or do anything.  What I am trying to demonstrate to everyone is how weak naysayers are. They never contribute positively to anything, and they only want everyone to wallow in their same misery.  **I refuse to do so.**  The Bitcoin Challenge will succeed, either this one, or in a more creatively designed alternative.  **Bitcoin too will succeed.**
Bitcoin naysayers wish that they had created Bitcoin.  **They do not like to see the success of anything that they do not control.**  However, they can downvote this comment, but they cannot take away my freedom, or anyone else's freedom, to comment.  That is why they will ultimately fail.  They cannot be watching every event, every comment, every idea, at every moment.  They cannot prevent large companies from adoptiing Bitcoin.  They cannot prevent me from buying Bitcoin every two weeks automatically using Bitwage.
*This is not a sprint, it is a marathon, and I am in for the long haul.*  DO NOT be intimidated by them.  They do not have the backbone to see anything through.  If they did, they would have created something better than Bitcoin instead of trying to take it down.  (/RANT)
@_date: 2015-04-18 00:21:21
Glass half empty, glass half full.  The way people perceive the world.  Some are inspired when they see people explore the unknown.  Others only see the potential pitfalls.  I'm not saying that one is bad, and one is good.  Both are necessary. 
@_date: 2015-04-26 03:36:49
@_date: 2015-04-09 04:00:53
Yeah, she is really a very charismatic people person, so I see it as an investment.  Now that she has seen the power of Bitcoin, she might introduce dozens of people to it as she travels around the country.  So I see it as a very good $400 investment that might result in a lot of her musician friends giving Bitcoin a try.
@_date: 2015-04-26 04:09:03
This question has actually been asked before here:
I tend to agree most with this comment by :
* Web -&gt; coinkite
* Computer -&gt; Electrum
* Android -&gt; Mycelium
* iOS -&gt; Bread Wallet
@_date: 2015-04-26 04:39:05
Those were just hypothetical examples that I created.  But do not think it unlikely that you could find a celebrity simultaneously opposed to war and supportive of Bitcoin.   I know for a fact that both Ashton Kutcher and Russell Brand support Bitcoin, and I know that Brand is largely anti-war.  The rest was conjecture on my part.  I suspect that Robert Downey Jr. would likely be anti-war, but I have no idea of his position on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-13 00:27:50
Not until they were exposed to some very clever marketing. Smartphones were already on the market. There was nothing particularly remarkable about the original Iphone. Steve Jobs was a brilliant salesman. That's all that Bitcoin needs to take it to the next level. Were it not for the mindshare that Jobs established long time ago, Android would have decimated Iphone by now. Good marketing + good product wins every time. Satoshi Nakamoto, Gavin Andreesen, et. al, have already done 50% of the work.  Now it is up to the brilliant marketing minds in Silicon Valley to do the rest.  (Note that it took Steve Jobs, a Silicon Valleyite, to do what ATT, Verizon, and Sprint couldn't.)
@_date: 2015-04-26 17:56:27
Thank you for the link.  I just read through the schematics, board, and bill of materials. I also looked at the pdf for the Trezor's microprocessor, STM32F205RE, here: 
Unless anyone can prove otherwise, it looks like the Trezor actually is fully open source, both on the hardware and software sides.  I recently bought a Trezor, si I am glad to have learned a lot from this discussion today.
I also learned a lot from this thread:  
Trezor released their bootloader as open source software last year:
@_date: 2015-04-26 02:36:40
You would have people just sit in a corner and never try anything, never attempt anything, never talk about anything, and that is why *you will never accomplish anything.*  You have a defeatist attitude.  To succeed, you need to try and fail many times.  I have read a lot of biographies of accomplished people, and this is a theme that I saw over and over again.  For example, Michael Jordan said that he failed countless times that people never knew about.  He wanted to sign with Adidas instead of Nike, but Adidas rejected him, saying that he was too short: 
**Failure is a necessary part of the process of success.**  To succeed, you have to generate and try a lot of ideas, most of which will fail.  But by the law of averages, one of your ideas will eventually succeed.
@_date: 2015-04-26 00:55:26
They don't need it.  The Bitcoin transaction would stay in the cue of the client while in freefall.  As soon as the skydiver hit the ground (or before), the client would connect to the nearest cell phone tower, and transmit the transaction.
@_date: 2015-04-09 15:34:52
My sister, like most people, did not associate money transfer with instantaneous.  She is used to 3 day ACH transactions, or Western Union/Moneygram transfers that you have to physically get dressed and go out to pick up.  So yes, I can understand that if that is the only thing that you have ever experienced, one would think it "absolutely amazing".
@_date: 2015-04-26 04:24:16


It's all about how the Bitcoin Challenge is implemented.  There is an idea that would succeed, we just have to find it. It has to be compelling enough that at least one celebrity is willing to get the ball rolling.  If you read the later comments in the thread, people have already recommended ways of making it more interesting than just sending Bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-04-04 16:50:59


Yes, but it would be nice for the app to also have a double-entry bookkeeping system like GNUCash.  Electrum has a very rudimentary bookkeeping system with a date, description, amount, and balance.  I'd be looking for something that allowed me to group transactions into categories, and to print out reports in preparation for filing taxes.
@_date: 2015-04-26 00:44:49
I see....Whatever we end up doing, I'm in full support!  Can't wait to see what happens....
@_date: 2015-04-09 11:46:03
I just successfully sent 419.8 mBTC from an external wallet to the wallet that I created using the method above.  You can see the transaction here:
@_date: 2015-04-26 15:10:40
Bitcoin is not for everyone.  In promoting anything, you are going to turn some people off. That is part of the game.  Some people will love and only drive Chevy, no matter how much you tell them about Ford.  That does not mean that you do nothing, stop trying, and remain silent.  I believe in Bitcoin, so I tell people about it.  They are then free to take it or leave it.  If I tell 10 people about Bitcoin, and only 1 of the ten actually starts using it, I still view that as a victory.  If you start to see life that way, it will be much harder for anyone to discourage you. That is why comments like yours have no influence on my enthusiasm.
@_date: 2015-04-26 01:18:04
That I would watch!!  Can you get the transaction sent before your phone gives up the ghost???
@_date: 2015-04-26 15:53:59
Thank you so much!!! I will keep on charging.
@_date: 2015-04-04 19:02:02
Nice.  But I'm looking for a universal solution that every vendor could use.  I don't want to download one app for Taco Bell, another for Subway, and another for Kroger.  Imagine if I could receive invoices and pay all of them from the same app.  This is what I think that Bitcoin would be really useful for.  I have a good friend that likes to prepay some of his bills for the upcoming year with his tax return.  Bitcoin would be fantastic for that.  I could send Subway 1 BTC and prepay my lunches for several weeks if I wished. I could use the BIP70 messaging to tell them to have the same sandwich ready for me at 11:40 for pickup M-F for 4 weeks straight.  This would be harder to do with cash or credit.  With Bitcoin, the order could be stored encrypted within an alternate blockchain, so both Subway and I could refer back to it at any time. Each time I picked up a sandwich, they could update the available "Bitcoin debits" that I have left, and this update would get sent as a message to my wallet.  In effect, I would be my own debit card company.
@_date: 2015-04-04 18:25:50
Thank you for the tip.  I hadn't heard of Moneychanger, so I looked up the project on GitHub here:  
@_date: 2015-04-09 11:08:02
I lived in the area for a few years, and I never really researched it while I was there, but I did buy Bitcoins using Localbitcoins from a couple of sellers while I was there.  I also used to hear about Coinlab (Seattle-based) in the news quite a bit.  There is a Seattle Bitcoin meetup here ( but they don't seem to have had very much activity in the last couple of months.  This article talks a little bit about a few places that accept Bitcoin in Seattle: 
@_date: 2015-04-14 01:34:48
Nice post.  I haven't seen the Linux Action Show in awhile. Used to listen to LAS, Tux Radar, Linux Outlaws etc.  Just listened to the whole thing and I did learn something new.  Had no idea that Bitpay was so enthusiastic about Linux.
@_date: 2015-04-26 01:55:40
Please share the name of the bike shop. I may actually pay them a visit. I used to frequent [Evanston Band and Orchestra]( back when it was known as the Saxophone Shop.
@_date: 2015-04-09 10:56:24


That's a good idea!  I'll let her know!
@_date: 2015-04-26 01:23:29
**This is absolutely not true.**  I've worked on a lot of projects, and this is EXACTLY how things get done.  People talk and brainstorm first, and then they implement.  This post already has over 40 comments.  *That is a work in progress.* When you look at any open source project, be it Bitcoin, Linux, LibreOffice, whatever, community discussions are really what fuel innovation.
I would challenge you to remember what I've said here in a few months after the Bitcoin challenge is over. Talking is ALWAYS the very first step to innovation.  For example, both Coinbase and BitPay started out as conversations about how to make it easier for people and businesses to buy and sell Bitcoin.  I would caution against randomly dismissing the power and effectiveness of talk, especially in an open source-based community.
@_date: 2015-04-09 11:08:41
I'm going to email her this right now.  Thank you!!
@_date: 2015-04-26 01:13:50
Lol, the actual sending is the least important part.  It's what led up to it that people will want to watch.
@_date: 2015-04-26 03:52:16


This is an absolutely absurb statement, in my opinion.  Olivia Wilde (an actress who I actually like a lot) is not more culturally relevant than a technology that can bring economic power to billions of unbanked people around the globe: 
The Daily Show viewers and studio audience would learn a lot of accurate information about Bitcoin from Andreas.  I have always had the perception that Jon Stewart actually cares more about giving his audience the truth, rather than just entertaining them.
@_date: 2015-04-26 17:47:30
I understand.  I put a percentage into Bitwage that I could afford to lose.  I dollar cost average in as the price of Bitcoin changes.  I actually like the fact that the price is currently dropping because I am buying more Bitcoin on one payday than I bought the last payday.  However, my situation is different than yours. I am putting money in that I won't need anytime soon. I cut back on some other expenses, and I put that money into Bitcoin instead.
@_date: 2015-04-18 02:39:50
I'm perfectly fine with that.   Linux powers at least 35% of all servers worldwide, and at least 47% of all mobile devices if you count Android (Linux kernel).
Source: 
@_date: 2015-04-18 02:22:06
No.  Both have a role to play. Unbridled optimism can lead to recklessness.  Incessant pessimism prevents growth.  The optimist sees opportunity and the limitless possibilities in every path.  The pessimist thinks that there is only one correct path, and chastises anyone who deviates from that path.  The truth lies in being able simultaneously seeing the validity of both mindsets, mindsets which appear to completely contradict one another.
@_date: 2015-04-26 00:31:40
The Ice Bucket Challenge sounded dumb when I first heard about it, but it was fantastically successful, and it was a brilliant method of strategically bringing attention to ALS.  It actually made me go on Wikipedia to learn more about how serious an issue ALS is.  
There is absolutely nothing wrong with trying to brainstorm ideas to help promote Bitcoin, while simultaneously raising money for a good cause.  Bitcoin is good technology, and it **DESERVES** promotion.  Bravo [Sherlockcoin ](  We need more people in the community thinking about how we can creatively introduce people to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-25 23:46:26
Upvoted. This is going to be huge.  If Ashton Kutcher doesn't pick up on it, someone else big will (e.g. rhymes with Muscle Band).
I'm just brainstorming.  I don't think that just sending Bitcoin is enough.  The brilliance of the *Ice Bucket Challenge* was that it is pretty dramatic seeing someone get drenched in a bucket of ice cold water.  I recommend adding some drama by making it something a little bit more exciting.  
*For example, sending Bitcoin during the most ridiculous moment possible.*  
Imaging Russell Brand breaking out his cell phone in the middle of his comedy set in front on hundreds of people.  He says "excuse me for a second, I'm about to take part in the Bitcoin Challenge".  He breaks out his phone, puts in the amount and hits send.  Russell then challenges Ashton.
To top Russell, Ashton breaks out his cell phone while on a roller coaster at Great America with his family, right at the top of a loop, and hits send.  Russell then challenges Robert Downey Jr.
Robert breaks out his cell phone during an interview promoting his latest movie, much to the shock and dismay of the interviewer.  "Excuse me for a second, I'm about to kick Ashton Kutcher's *ss in the Bitcoin Challenge!"  He proceeds to strip down to just his underwear, and he then hits the send button.  He puts his clothes back on, and proceeds with the interview as though nothing just happened.
You get the idea.  That is a soap opera that I (and a lot of other people) would watch with great interest.
@_date: 2015-04-14 01:00:12
I didn't post this to promote one point of view or the other. Just thought it was an interesting conversation. Enjoy!
@_date: 2015-04-26 01:09:54
Upvoted. This is going to be huge. If Ashton Kutcher doesn't pick up on it, someone else big will (e.g. rhymes with Muscle Band).
I'm just brainstorming. I don't think that just sending Bitcoin is enough. The brilliance of the Ice Bucket Challenge was that it is pretty dramatic seeing someone get drenched in a bucket of ice cold water. I recommend adding some drama by making it something a little bit more exciting.
For example, sending Bitcoin during the most ridiculous moment possible.
Imaging Russell Brand breaking out his cell phone in the middle of his comedy set in front on hundreds of people. He says "excuse me for a second, I'm about to take part in the Bitcoin Challenge". He breaks out his phone, puts in the amount and hits send. Russell then challenges Ashton.
To top Russell, Ashton breaks out his cell phone while on a roller coaster at Great America with his family, right at the top of a loop, and hits send. Russell then challenges Robert Downey Jr.
Robert breaks out his cell phone during an interview promoting his latest movie, much to the shock and dismay of the interviewer. "Excuse me for a second, I'm about to kick Ashton Kutcher's *ss in the Bitcoin Challenge!" He proceeds to strip down to just his underwear, and he then hits the send button. He puts his clothes back on, and proceeds with the interview as though nothing just happened.
You get the idea. That is a soap opera that I (and a lot of other people) would watch with great interest.
@_date: 2015-04-09 15:27:25
I'm sorry, I meant 3 atms of where I live now in the midwest.  I used to live in federal way, just north of tacoma, but I never found out if there were btc atms there.  When we lived in federal way, I used localbitcoins to buy a few times. I would meet the seller in the parking lot of the southcenter mall.
@_date: 2015-04-26 16:05:47
Buy $1000 instantly on Coinbase.
Buy $100 instantly on Circle (also requires credit card).
Buy $400 using LocalBitcoins.
Longer term solution: Sign up for Bitwage.co, and have a percentage (or fixed amount) of your pay delivered as Bitcoin every payday. If you wish, you could even have Bitwage send it directly to your landlords Bitcoin address, but I don't recommend this.  I recommend that you keep control.  Have Bitwage send it to your BTC address, and then send the required amount to your landlord every month.
I do Bitwage, and I typically get my bitcoins the day after the payday.
@_date: 2015-04-17 22:43:02
A lot of people are already doing this.  For example, I'm receiving a percentage of my pay in Bitcoin via Bitwage.  As more people do this, we will help to dry up the free supply of bitcoins, and the price will start going up.  The next halving in late 2016 will also help.
@_date: 2015-04-17 23:49:38
In my lifetime, I've noted that there are really only two types of people:
* Type A: Recognizes a problem. Goes out and solves problem. Repeat.
* Type B: Recognizes a problem. Complains about problem.  Carefully explains why problem can't be solved. Repeat.
@_date: 2015-04-26 15:16:33
There are a lot of beautiful women on the planet.  They are a dime a dozen. There is nothing particularly relevant about seeing yet another "beautiful woman".  So yes, I would rather spend my time listening to brilliant minds like Andreas, John Nash, Neil deGrasse Tyson etc. than looking at a beautiful woman. Yes, Olivia is gorgeous,  and beautiful women should be admired.  But the world has far more pressing problems.  Solving the economic woes of a majority of the world's population is far more important that admiring privileged beautiful women.  It is relatively easy to be beautiful when all of your needs are met, and you can afford to spend a couple of hours at the gym every day.  Try that when you only make a few hundred dollars a year, and you have several mouths to feed.  Bitcoin will help to solve this problem by providing more economic opportunities for the poor.   That is why I would like to see Andreas come on the Daily Show and educate the average person on how powerfully trans-formative Bitcoin can be.
@_date: 2015-04-26 00:48:27
And what, Sir, was your contribution?  Do you have any concrete ideas on how to help promote Bitcoin? If you do, PLEASE share them.  
Saying "You guys hope too much and think too little" does NOTHING to actually help promote Bitcoin, which is what we all should want as supporters of Bitcoin, a fantastic technology.  If you don't actually like Bitcoin, then I would recommend: 
I think that Sherlockcoin came up with a good idea. So at least one person IS thinking.
@_date: 2015-04-26 17:11:34
This a great option, but Electrum is still running on a closed-source hardware (and potentially compromised) laptop.  I think that someone will eventually come up with a single hardware device that is completely self-contained, and made up of both open source software and hardware. The device device will sign transactions, connect to your router via wifi, and transmit your transaction. The process will be entirely one way, so it will be impossible for a malicious actor to go backwards from your router into the hardware wallet to steal your private keys.
The Electrum + USB Armory solution is definitely a step in the right direction though.
@_date: 2015-04-09 04:27:25
I realize that certain members of use downvoting as a method of intimidation to scare people from posting anything positive about Bitcoin.  I won't be intimidated, and neither should you.  If you hold something in strong conviction, post it.  Bitcoin will be around long after the naysayers have given up.  I have a strong will, and they will break before I do.
@_date: 2015-04-02 21:24:20
People like to learn the hard way.  Let them fail, then they will realize that they should have jumped on board the existing Bitcoin technology that has undergoing 6 years of field testing and improvements, instead of creating a new one from scratch.
@_date: 2015-04-26 04:02:43
A lot of people simply haven't heard of it yet.  I recently listened to a Bitcoin podcast where the host said that he was on a flight to Austin, TX.  The lady sitting next to him was an Austin-based computer programmer.  They started up a conversation, and he told her that he was on his way to the Texas Bitcoin Conference.  She had never heard of Bitcoin.  So yes, we desperately need someone like Andreas to explain Bitcoin to a larger audience, and the Daily Show would be a great venue.  Stewart's audience tends to be a little bit more intellectual, so they will actually want to learn about Bitcoin.  Andreas excels at presenting why Bitcoin is a useful technology in a way that makes sense to new audiences.
@_date: 2015-04-26 04:19:35
This video actually came out originally in 2012, and I have watched it from beginning to end.  The salient points are for the most part covered in the first 10 minutes or so.  If you know RMS's basic philosophies, there are no surprises.  
Here is a basic tl;dr:
* digital communications allow massive government surveillance.
* The psuedo-anonymity of Bitcoin can allow people to recover some of their privacy from an out-of-control state.
* Since Bitcoin's ledger is public, it does not provide perfect privacy, and it still depends upon a global digital communications system that has been largely compromised.
@_date: 2015-04-09 05:20:13
Yes, you can.  As a proof of concept, I just did it in Electrum 2.04 (bip32).  A process similar to this should work in a bip38 wallet (in theory).
Here are the steps:
* The first thing that I did was to ensure that my computer was truly offline my disabling all Internet connections.
* Open electrum and and choose File &gt; New/restore &gt; Restore a wallet or import keys + multisignature wallet
* select "2 of 2" or "2 of 3" wallet, whichever you prefer.
* Open a gnome-terminal (I'm assuming a Gnome-based Linux such as Fedora) and issue the following command:
'openssl rand -hex 16'  This will randomly generate 1 bip32 private key.
* Paste the bip32 key into the "Please enter a wallet seed, BIP 32 private key, or master public key" field.
* Repeat the two steps above once or twice, based on whether you chose 2 of 2 or 2 of 3.
* Once you enter the keys, electrum will create your new HD multisig wallet, and inform you that you are working offline.
@_date: 2015-04-26 15:44:03
Imagination has nothing to do with age.  It is just beaten out of most of us by the cruelties of life.  That is why most of us can no longer dream once we reach a certain age. We think "what's the point, there is no change of success".
I will tell you one quick story to demonstrate the power of overcoming a defeatist attitude.  A defeatist wil always give you a million reasons why "it can't be done".  A dreamer will give you a million ways in which "it can be done". Dick Bavetta is a dreamer.
In the mid-1960s Dick Bavetta decided to follow his dream of becoming a referee in the NBA.  He tried out repeatedly, and for 9 straight years, he was rejected, but he kept on trying.  They told him that he was too small and too unimposing to ever make it as an NBA ref.  But he simply refused to give up.  In 1975, he finally made it.  He ended up refereeing over 2,600 consecutive NBA games over the span of a nearly 40 year career. He still holds the NBA league record for most consecutive games as referee.
Imagination is what allowed him to continue going back year after year of rejection. He never lost the vision of himself as a NBA ref in his mind, no matter how much people told him that he was not up to snuff.  The average person would just give up, and not let themselves continue to think such "foolish thoughts".
**Mediocrity is not that act of being average, it is ACCEPTING that you are average as a fact in your own mind**: 
@_date: 2015-04-09 11:09:16
Thank you!  Ditto, I'll send her this too.
@_date: 2015-04-09 04:27:52
I realize that certain members of use downvoting as a method of intimidation to scare people from posting anything positive about Bitcoin.  I won't be intimidated, and neither should you.  If you hold something in strong conviction, post it.  Bitcoin will be around long after the naysayers have given up.  I have a strong will, and they will break before I do.
@_date: 2015-04-26 01:17:04
Buck your foss!
@_date: 2015-04-26 16:21:05
Open source hardware is coming: 
Open source hardware + open source software: 
@_date: 2015-04-19 18:57:53
I thought the same thing.  A few years ago, I thought about taking Pligg, an open source content management system that has an up vote down vote system, and linking that system into Bitcoin.  Pligg is here:  
I know that it could be done: I just don't have the time to do it.  Pligg is written in PhP, so an experienced PhP programmer could definitely do it. I have run Pligg websites, and it is fantastic software.  You can also buy custom Pligg templates.
It's a great idea, but I have to be honest, if I had top pay each time I upvote, I would definitely be a lot more selective, and that is probably a good thing.
@_date: 2015-04-12 23:17:00
The price will slowly start drifting up prior to the next halving. There will be occasional corrections before and after. After the halving, Bitcoin's price will continue to rise linearly and slowly. At some point after the halving, another bubble will  form, and the price will eventually surpass the historic high ($1,200+).
How high will it go? Impossible to say. It depends on a lot of unknowns. If the Winklevoss Bitcoin Trust is approved, Bitcoin's price could reach $10,000+ IMO. 
My recommendation: start dollar cost averaging in now while the price is still low.  I sat down and looked at what I could afford to lose.  My employer matches 100% of my 401K contribution up to 4% of my pay, and 50% from 4 to 8%, so I didn't want to touch any of that. I originally decided to put 4% of my pay into Bitcoin using Bitwage. I recently received a 2% raise, so I raised my Bitwage contribution to 6%. It hurts, but I think that the long term payoff will be significant. 8% 401K + 6% Bitcoin = 14% of my pay into retirement savings.
 Since I am dollar cost averaging in, I feel less impacted by the dramatic swings in Bitcoin's price. My goal is simple: accumulate as many BTC as possible now while it is still cheap. BTC was around $13 last halving. It is almost 20 times that now. Extrapolated out, Bitcoin will probably be at least $4,000 each by November 2020.
@_date: 2015-04-09 11:02:40
Yeah, that was my thought process.  I don't have a lot of BTC to give out, so I thought to myself "who would be the most efficient person to give it to?"  My sis has the rare combination of the charisma to convincingly tell other people about Bitcoin, and the smarts to understand it fairly quickly, once I was able to get her attention focused on understanding it.
@_date: 2015-04-09 15:35:59
I already emailed her to come look at this thread, so she'll definitely see this idea. Thanks!
@_date: 2015-04-09 11:09:23
Thank you!  Ditto, I'll send her this too.
@_date: 2015-04-17 23:55:50
No problem!  
@_date: 2015-04-09 11:00:00
I hope that it changes.  We lived in Federal Way, WA for a few years, and I tried to wiesel my way into an an internship with Coinlab before the whole Mt. Gox fiasco.  It didn't work out.  Anyway, back then, I got the impression that the Seattle area was at least a little bit more Bitcoin advanced than where I live now (Midwest).  Things seem to be a little bit better now.  There are at least 3 Bitcoin ATMs within 50 miles of me.
@_date: 2015-04-12 02:32:43
Hmmm.  You haven't received any reply from the mods?
@_date: 2015-04-19 19:03:37
As Bitcoin becomes popular, Bitcoin branded merchandise will naturally become prevalent. Right now, we are still such a niche market that a business  would probably have a hard time attaining enough sales volume to be profitable.  I think that this situation may change dramatically after the next halving.
@_date: 2015-04-12 02:19:38
I suspect that they view this as not being directly related to Bitcoin.  This is from the community guidelines:


 I listened to the whole interview, and though it is somewhat related to Bitcoin since GAW originally sold Bitcoin mining hardware, the bulk of the interview is really focused on Paycoin.
I'm not a mod, so this is pure speculation on my part.
@_date: 2015-04-26 18:20:40
I see.  Thank you for the education!


Would it be dangerous for me to use the Novena for consumer home use (e.g. storing/sending/receiving Bitcoins)?
@_date: 2015-04-09 11:18:49
I just did the process outlined above (4/9/2015), so I know for a fact that it works.  It successfully created a 2 of 2 HD multisig wallet while completely offline.  As I did more testing, the only value that will work in the openssl command is 16.
* openssl rand -hex 16 works.
* openssl rand -hex 32 does not.
This was not the case before Electrum 2.0.  I used to create Electrum HD wallets using keys a long as I wanted.  For example, I once created a wallet using openssl rand -hex 192.   However, the 2.0 release of Electrum began to enforce a standard key length.
@_date: 2015-04-26 16:42:04
I respect your opinion, but I respectfully disagree.  As I kid, I still vividly remember seeing people who were "geeks", and they would come on mainstream tvs programs and teach.  For example, Johnny Carson and David Letterman would frequently have on animal experts.  The great shows from the past would not just entertain, they would also expose you to things and concepts that you would have not been exposed to, given the very busy lives that we all lead.
Here is a recent example from Jimmy Fallon's Tonight Show: 
@_date: 2015-04-26 17:22:40
Thank you!  I suspect that it is always going to be a game of cat and mouse. Technology will constantly improve, making easier to protect our privacy, be then other technological gains will then make it easier to watch us again. Privacy should be a universal right.  If governments have the right protect state secrets, the people should have the right to protect personal secrets.
@_date: 2015-04-26 16:48:21
Please correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe that only the TREZOR's software is open source, not the hardware. Notice that the statement on the TREZOR's homepage only specifies that the code is open source:


Source: 
@_date: 2015-04-04 19:34:49
I'm not a blockchain expert, but what do you think about this: The anti-spam fee would help to pay for the alternate blockchain. Half of the anti-spam fee could go to the business.  This would be one incentive for businesses to sign up and use the service.
The other half could go to the miner as an incentive to add both the Bitcoin transaction to the normal blockchain, and the associated metadata to the alternate blockchain.  Here is why I think that this would be useful.  We all hate having to save a box full of receipts for tax time.  If this metadata were stored in the alternate blockchain in an encrypted format, then I wouldn't have to store it on my computer.  If my tax preparer has a question about a particular transaction, I just open up my wallet and look it up on the alternate blockchain.  Yes, this alternate blockchain would be huge, but its size would be fully paid for.
Unlike the regular blockchain, the metadata blockchain would be completely optional. Perhaps a separate fee would be charged to put a permanent record of your transaction details on the metadata blockchain.  Alternatively, you could choose to bypass the fee, and store your transaction metadata locally.
@_date: 2015-04-26 00:23:13
You've missed the whole point.  The donations would go to *Antiwar.com*.  The publicity of the challenge WILL increase the price of Bitcoin, which means that Antiwar.com gets a bigger total donation.  It's a definite win win.
@_date: 2015-04-17 22:45:58
I get your point, but some people (like me) aren't short-sighted.  I don't care about the price of Bitcoin 1 hour from now, or even 1 year from now.  I believe in the technology, so I'm in for the long haul.  I am fairly certain that Bitcoin will be worth a lot more in 5 years than it is now.  Liberland is only the beginning: 
@_date: 2015-04-26 00:40:16
I don't think that every participant should have to do the same thing.  How about trying to top what the last guy did?  People love competition, and I think that you would be shocked to see how creative people can be.  For example, I can only imagine what this guy would come up with: 
@_date: 2015-04-09 15:32:33
I disagree with you on this one.  I basically gave her a test drive.  If she doesn't like Bitcoin, she still wont use it long term.  Its just like if you go to a car dealership and test drive a 2015 Toyota Prius.  If you like it, you'll buy it, if you don't, you'll pass. The whole point was to get her to experience Bitcoin, and to hopefully b so impressed with it that she sticks with it.
A few years ago, a friend of mine played an episode of the then new "Dexter" for me. I hated it.  But then I watched another episode with him, and it slowly grew on me.  Dexter eventually became one of my favorite shows.  Some times, exposure is they best way to get people to find something that they would not have otherwise ever discovered.
@_date: 2015-04-19 19:08:13
Nice share.  I'd never heard of them before now.  Thanks!
@_date: 2015-04-18 02:41:55
I just got one too.  It also works with the latest beta version of the MultiBit HD wallet.
@_date: 2015-04-12 23:49:40
$500 million+ in venture capital funding says you're wrong. People don't put that kind of money into something destined to fail. They will work both ends: provide venture capital to fund new businesses AND find a way to create demand for Bitcoin. No one wanted an Iphone until Steve Jobs was able to convince them that they NEEDED an Iphone.
@_date: 2015-04-26 16:56:59
That's a great idea. You could also put some code in the firmware that refuses to turn on the device if the SHA-256 hash value is incorrect. This would have to be done in ROM by the manufacturer, and we would have to trust that the manufacturer has not been compromised, so we're kind of back to square one.
But if people could build there own devices at home, and program the ROMs themselves, then you would have a system that would be pretty difficult to compromise.  The owner of the device could generate and program some master key into the device's ROM.  No one else in the world would know what that master key was.  If this kind of technology existed today, I would use it in all of my computing devices.
@_date: 2015-04-26 00:18:45
Please see my comment above....It allows for a lot of creativity on the part of the sender.  Imagine a guy sending Bitcoin while in free fall during a skydive, for example.
@_date: 2015-04-26 17:36:20
Where are the schematics and the specs? In my mind, open source hardware is hardware that I could build myself by going to Radio Shack and buying the components (resistors, capacitors, transformers etc). The designer would provide the schematics and technical data that I would need to exactly replicate the device. I could also download the specs for the casing so that I could print it on a 3D printer.  For this reason, I do not think that the Trezor's hardware is open source.  If it were, we would have seen EXACT clones of the Trezor.  The bWallet looks nothing like the Trezor.
Why would a manufacturer release hardware as open source?  The company could still provide services (e.g. repair, customization etc.).  The designer would have a headstart on any manufacturers who would simply copy and sell the design.  Hopefully, the original designer would establish and maintain the best reputation, and most people would still buy the device from them.  Advanced tinkerers would take on the challenge of building the device themselves.  I think that enough people would remain loyal to the original manufacturer to sustain a business.  For example, I would never trust a cheap Chinese knock off of the Trezor to store my BTC securely. I could easily see waking up one day only to find that all of my BTC have dissapeared due to a manufacturer installed back door.
@_date: 2015-04-09 11:02:55
No problem!
@_date: 2015-03-30 02:09:11


I would if I could.  It is virtually impossible if you have a family.  But I just signed up for Bitwage to ensure that I systematically buy BTC using my pay (I currenctly convert 2% of my pay to Bitcoin).  If I were 20 yo and just starting out, I would put whatever percentage that I could afford to into Bitcoin.  You are right about diversification, but I agree that Bitcoin is going to be huge. The only potential nightmare scenario that I could foresee with Bitcoin would be if it were found that a massive terrorist attack in the US was funded with BTC, and the government decides to make BTC the scapegoat. However, I find this to be an unlikely scenario because it is far easier to anonymously fund such an attack using cash.
That being said,  I don't think that you can afford to put 90% into BTC (I don't think anyone can).  20% is probably a more realistic number.  I'm going to assume that you're in your 20s.  If you put 20% of you income income into BTC for 10 years,  you will probably do very well. However, it is risky.  Depending how much you make, it might be smarter to put 10% to 15% into Bitcoin, and another 10 to 15% in diversified traditional investments (Roth IRA, 401K etc).  
One thing that I've learned: you're going to do what you gut and heart tell you to do anyway.  Once you make your final decision, just go with it and don't look back.  If you decide to continue with the 90% and you become filthy rich, nothing anyone said here will matter.
@_date: 2015-03-22 02:12:21
Write up a case for why you need the BTC and try here:  
BTC are hard to come by nowadays, so I doubt that you'll have much luck.  A better solution would be to find something that you are very good at, and try to go out and earn some BTC.
@_date: 2015-03-22 20:27:24
Thank you for the detailed analysis of Darkcoin.  I tried to check out Monero on Fedora 21, but the Linux wallet will not run. I get this error message:
./simplewallet: error while loading shared libraries: libssl.so.1.0.0: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
Then I tried this as an unprivileged user:
su -c 'yum install libssl'
I got this:
No package libssl available.
Any ideas?  Has anyone gotten Monero wallet working on Fedora 21? I have tried Darkcoin, and the wallet works great on both Fedora 20 and 21.  I actually played around with Darkcoin a few months ago, and I was able to buy some on Cryptsy, send them to my Fedora wallet, send them back to Cryptsy, and then sell them a few days later at a profit.  
I'd love to play with Monero too, but not being able to get the wallet running on F21 is a showstopper.
My long term goal is to accumulate as many Bitcoin as possible, and I find it valuable to occasionally make a profit on altcoins to increase my Bitcoin holdings.
@_date: 2015-03-24 01:37:39
I agree with you, but I suspect that they are probably already doing this on the down low.  They're too smart not to.  If I had invested how ever many millions they did to buy 1% of Bitcoin, I would damn well make sure that I threw some resources at  making Bitcoin hands down better than the competition.  This would not necessarily have to be Bitcoin core code.  It could be a novel idea on top of Bitcoin that no one has thought of.  The key would be to make it something that is difficult to replicate (perhaps keeping it closed source for a period of time e.g. the NuBits/NuShares model).
I would not be surprised if they have already visited the computer science departments at Harvard, MIT etc. and recruited some of the most talented students.  NDAs would keep those students from talking about what they are working on.  This would keep the competition completely in the dark.  Then I would release all of it at some future point (or at least a significant enough portion of it to terrify the competition).  It would be something so advanced that it would take the competition years to catch up.
@_date: 2015-03-27 22:16:27
Thanks!  
@_date: 2015-03-22 02:20:10
I listened to the interview, and I enjoyed it greatly.  I love the technical aspects of Darkcoin, but I think that the rebranding is a mistake.  Once you have momentum built in one direction, you should continue to go in that direction.  Darkcoin built a marketcap of $23 million in one year: they were obviously doing something right.  I have learned that your first instincts are usually correct.
On that note, I will not be investing in Darkcoin/Dash or Monero in the foreseeable future.  My first instinct told me that Bitcoin will be the most successfully cryptocurrency, and I still think that I was right.  I'm 100% in BTC.
However, I am fairly certain that Darkcoin/Dash will eventually pass Litecoin in marketcap.
@_date: 2015-03-21 14:39:07
This is a fantastic post and thank you for the great work.   I actually wish that we could sticky this post somewhere because i'd like to donate BTC to some projects in the future.   
I quickly skimmed your site. Forgive me if I post projects here that you already have.  All of the projects/organizations below accept Bitcoin donations (I found them through a quick Google search).  Hopefully, the list contains a few that you did not know about.
* GIMP 
* Libreoffice
* Free Software Foundation
* Synchting (open source alternative to Bittorent Sync, they have a HUGE Bitcoin banner on the bottom of homepage)
* Apache Software Foundation
* SecureDrop (open source whistleblower submission system)
* Ubuntu Mate (
* OpenStreetMap
* Blender
* Linux Mint (accepts both Bitcoins and Mintcoins)
* VLC Media Player
@_date: 2015-02-22 03:13:23
If you have a family member who is active duty or retired military and has a USAA account, see if they can help you to get a USAA account.  I have had a USAA account since the 1990s, and I have been using them with Coinbase for about 2 years without a single problem. I'm not sure if USAA has a similar program, but I was able to get both of my parents and my sister Navy Federal Credit Union accounts though none of them were ever in the military: NFCU allowed them to join because I was a military member.
USAA recently invested in Coinbase, and they said that the great interest that military members have in Bitcoin convinced them to support Bitcoin: 
 I havent used a commercial bank since the mid-1990s, and I never will again.  Good luck!!
@_date: 2015-03-23 13:47:51
Thank you!  I'll try to build it source.