@_author: philtwoone
@_date: 2018-01-22 23:30:49


They do.  End of thread.
@_date: 2017-12-17 09:28:58
Any link where I don't have to sign up for a Facebook account to view this?
St Maarten is one of my favorite places, and I've been wanting to schedule a trip back for the spring.  Certainly willing to check it out!
@_date: 2017-12-19 13:57:42
When my current dog eventually goes this is my plan.  While I love her, she was a rescue and obviously had an extremely traumatic early life.  6 years later and she's obviously a much happier animal, but I will never be able to do normal things like walk through an outdoor festival with her or be completely comfortable with her around children.
So our current plan is to wait until after the holidays and adopt a puppy as you describe.  They likely will have behavioral issues from being a bit neglected and untrained, but hopefully we can avoid the severe abuse.
I find everyone going balls deep in their love for adoption here rather strange - I wonder how many say it as non pet owners.  There are significant trade offs involved that make it much more risky than buying a puppy that was reasonably cared for.
@_date: 2014-03-05 04:08:27
If you had said Putin instead of the Pope this sounds quite plausible :)
@_date: 2014-03-03 21:53:29
more I felt they would realize their technical incompetence and hire folks to fill the gap.
So yeah, I guess you're completely correct.
@_date: 2017-11-25 16:46:14
This isn't true.  This is a cash settled future - meaning no one holds any bitcoins, they are simply betting on a future price of an index.
@_date: 2013-12-23 08:32:38
I agree, but would just like to point out that is exactly what you're getting with Wall Street and investment banking, for the most part.
What value are HFT brining to the table?  None?  Less than none?  Why is some guy who happens to have the right access to things, able to make millions of dollars simply by executing trades a faction of a second faster than his counterpart across the street?
Or the stock market - useful for IPOs absolutely.  What economic utility is the casino that is known as wall street bringing to the table?  None of that money changing hands on wall street gets invested into anything useful - it's akin to trading baseball cards.  The money doesn't go to the player if his card skyrockets from $1 to $1000.  It goes to some speculator who did nothing other than buy the asset and sit on it.
You have all these monetary leeches gaming the systems, simply acting as parasites bringing little to no value to the table any longer.
I guess I have no point other than the rant :)  But yes, if the same thing happens in the Bitcoin world, then we'll simply mirror what we already have today.  A few people gaming the system to steal from everyone else who cannot (aka the ones doing the actual work).
@_date: 2013-12-18 11:15:35
And those people are idiots.  If it wasn't this, it'd be lottery tickets or some crap.
Either bitcoin is a currency, or it's worthless.  No, it's not gold, no it has no use as a store of value.  The only store of value needed is the "float" between when someone puts fiat in, and takes it out via products or services.  This speculation shit is the single largest problem bitcoin has at the moment.  The volatility imo is one of the few things that can really kill it dead, and while exciting, it's been sad to watch.
If you are ready to kill yourself over some trivial amount of government pushback, you just had no clue what bitcoin is, and simply are out of your league playing stupid investor games.  It's going to get a *lot* worse from here, should bitcoin actually be worth what you thought it was.  You really think it could hit $40k/coin or whatever morons were spouting, without *extreme* regulatory interest and legal challenges?  It's either pretend play speculation money, or it's a revolutionary currency for the Internet.  Choose one, and stick with it based on your beliefs.  It's design basically makes it inherently a giant target.  You either build your own economy with it, or it will die as quickly as the banks you rely on to prop up it's value decide to stop doing business with you.
It will be interesting to see the mainstream media narrative over this one in the coming days :)
Just remember:  No one (very few) people got excited about bitcoin because they could get rich quick in 2009.  People realized that there was absolutely no equivalent for "cash on the Internet" that existed, and Bitcoin was the first stab at solving this problem that wasn't pants-on-head retarded and trivially attacked by either government or h4x0rs.   Treat it like that, and it has a future.  Treat it as the next get-rich-quick scheme, and you get these stupid bubbles and eventually you will cause bitcoin to become irrelevant as the next big thing comes along to iterate on it's design and solves the speculation problem.  Confidence is all bitcoin has - from confidence in the protocol, to confidence in what it's going to be worth in 3 months when you need to spend some.
Either way, it would certainly be nice if bitcoin was worth $10k/coin for myself personally.  However, I know that it's not good for the concept as a whole to make a bunch of people who didn't do anything useful (myself included) rich.
Just ask yourself:  What value have you provided to the world by your bitcoin activity?  How much is that realistically worth?  I highly doubt you put in enough effort to warrant a 100x return on your investment.  There are an extremely few number of people in the bitcoin community who could say that they truly created anything worth a damn.