@_author: pho_king_shipwreck
@_date: 2018-06-10 04:51:36
Ohhhhhhhhhhhh, you. What a fucko you are. I only read the first half sentence, and it made me exceedingly happy to know that months after banter you can’t live without my opinion, and acceptance. If my opinion means as much to you, as I think it does, you should probably take my advice and kill yourself. You do no good for this world, and you are just a simple waste of carbon and oxygen. The reason why I say those things is because it has been months and months since you decided to troll. I only read the first five words of your response, which should tell you a lot about yourself. You are a loser. You need other people to justify your existence.  You are sad pathetic waste of space, and I hope that one day soon you will not be on this planet stealing my oxygen.
@_date: 2018-06-10 04:56:16
I win, you lose. I hope you respond, so I can laugh at you , with my friends 
P.S. Would you please send a picture of yourself? I know you are fat, out of shape, slow and pigeon toed.  We all should know what kind of person is trying to be something that they are not. 
@_date: 2018-03-24 18:52:49
And you are obviously a violent, unstable and a low information human. You don’t have to agree with facts, just like a typical Tumper. I don’t care about you. I do hope you aren’t the next mass shooter. You fit the mold. POS
@_date: 2018-03-25 04:59:26
Didn’t read it, meaning your lame, brainwashed response. All I can tell is you are a coward who needs a wimp stick. I hope the government takes ALL of your guns!
@_date: 2018-03-23 13:38:02
BTC will never be too big to fail, making the poorest Americans bail out the banks. It’s decentralized, which will make the propagandists come out of the woodwork to defend their corrupt corporate system. The US only has 6  media outlets. They are all pro war, pro corporation and have no morals. The mainstream media is the one that gave $5 billion of free advertising to Donald Trump. They are the ones that put that scumbag, psychopath in office. Their only reason why, was to sell more news stories. What I’m saying is; don’t believe the corporate media outlets. It is certainly in their best interest to not have decentralized banking.