@_author: phoenixjim
@_date: 2018-09-05 21:13:59
EM Turmoil Continues, Asia Down, Italy Reassures, Musk Flares, Toyota Recalls – Hong Kong is leading Asian equities down this morning, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng leading the plunge down 650 points or 2.3%. China’s Shanghai Composite comes in second with a loss of 1.7%, though the Yuan remains stable against the dollar unlike other emerging market currencies that continue their collapse today. The Indian Rupee (INR=X) has hit a new all time low against the Dollar at close to 72, and South Africa’s Rand (ZAR=X) is down about 1.6%, a new 52-week low and near all tie lows reached in February 2016. South African stocks were slaughtered yesterday, down over 7% on currency turmoil and market jitters over confiscation of the property of white farmers that continues on. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-09-06 21:15:37
 ATPCO Partners with Blockskye in Blockchain Project – ATPCO, the Airline Tariff Publishing Company, is partnering with blockchain firm Blockskye in a pilot project to test the application of blockchain technology in the airline industry. ATPCO is a privately owned software company that focuses on data management for the aviation industry. The firm collects and distributes data related to fares for the sector. Blockskye is a founding member of Enterprise Ethereum Alliance. It uses blockchain and Ethereum (ETH) to offer inventory booking for the travel industry. Additionally, the firm provides transaction management services for the entertainment sector. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-09-05 21:59:17
Netcoins Adds Bitcoin Cash to Its List of Supported Coins – Users can now access Bitcoin cash (BCH-USD) on Netcoins. According to a press release, BCH will be available for “immediate access purchase” later this week. News.Bitcoin.com reports that as Netcoins adds Bitcoin cash, the coin’s enthusiasts can now access it at over 21,000 locations. The locations are spread over Canada, Europe, and Australia. Further, the statement adds that the coin will be available in other jurisdictions where cryptocurrency is legal. A big boost to adoption as Netcoins adds Bitcoin Cash to its platform. Bitcoin cash is one of the major digital tokens since the advent of blockchain technology. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-09-04 17:10:07
China Focused on Blockchain Innovations as Patent Filings Surge – China is keen on exploring and exploiting blockchain technology innovations. The country leads the pack when it comes to patent fillings around the emerging technology.  Most of the patent filings have come from some of the country’s big tech companies that are looking to enhance their products, service delivery, and efficiencies. Alibaba, for instance, has filed more than 10% of the patents, detailing new applications for enhancing its e-commerce and cloud businesses. Tencent and Baidu are other tech giants that are leading the onslaught around the emerging technology. That said, China now accounts for 56% of the total blockchain patents made. The U.S. comes a distant second at 22%. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-09-11 18:28:47
BP plc (LON:BP) price target lowered to GBX 625 by JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. – Today, JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. lowered its price target on BP plc (LON:BP) to GBX 625 per share. There are 14 Buy Ratings, 3 Strong Buy Ratings, 2 Sell Ratings, 2 Hold Ratings on the stock. The current consensus rating on BP plc (LON:BP) is Buy with a consensus target price of GBX 618.10 per share, a potential . Some recent analyst ratings include: 9/11/2018-BP plc (LON:BP) has coverage initiated with a Buy rating and GBX 665 price target; 9/11/2018-BP plc (LON:BP) had its Overweight rating reiterated by Barclays with a GBX 705 price target; 9/5/2018-BP plc (LON:BP) gets upgraded to Overweight by Morgan Stanley with a price target of GBX 695. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-09-06 17:17:44
Iranian Authorities to Consider Crypto Mining as An Industry – According to the secretary, the mining of digital currency is now being increasingly accepted by the Iranian authorities. The government has even given a green light to mine cryptos such as the Bitcoin (BTC). However, a legal structure to regulate the crypto sector is not yet available in the nation. The secretary, Abolhassan Firoozabadi revealed that major government authorities have since accepted the sector. They include the country’s Central Bank, the Ministry of Information and Communications Technology. Others are Ministry of Industry, Mine and Trade, Ministry of Economic Affairs and Finance and the Ministry of Energy. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-09-04 17:39:29
Australia Working with IBM on National Blockchain – Australia is working on a national blockchain that small businesses can use as part of the digital economy revolution. The government through its science research division Data61 has engaged the services of tech giant IBM (NYSE:IBM) and law firm Herbert Smith Freehills to work on the proposed blockchain. IBM, which has forged a string of partnerships and helped a number of companies come up with blockchain innovations, to work o blockchain itself. The blockchain is geared towards making it easy for small businesses to transition away from paper-based systems, in addition to helping them carry transactions out on smart legal contracts. Read more: [ 
@_date: 2018-08-22 16:05:20
Market Morning: Trump Lawyer Turns, UK Prepares Hard Brexit, Corona Goes to Pot, Costco Hits $100B – President Donald Trump’s former lawyer Michael Cohen admitted in court that a candidate for office had ordered him to pay hush money to two women who allegedly had extramarital affairs with Trump. Everyone is assuming that Trump is the man being implicated.  Speculation now is that an impeachment process looks more likely.  S&amp;P 500 (NYSEARCA:SPY) futures are down, as are the Dow Jones and Nasdaq (NASDAQ:QQQ). Being impeached for buying silence about an affair is quite a stretch, since Trump could claim that he had Cohen use his own money. At the same time, former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort was convicted of tax and bank fraud, though for nothing related to Trump directly. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-22 16:26:27
Former Fertilizer Lab in Russia Converted into Cryptocurrency Mining Facility – Russia has a new cryptocurrency mining facility which was launched on Monday and is believed to be the largest crypto mining facility in the country. It is located in a space that was previously a fertilizer lab. The new cryptocurrency mining unit, called the Kriptoyunivers center, is the latest crypto mining facility to be launched in Russia. Its launch has taken place at a time when authorities in the country have been working towards introducing regulatory measures for the booming cryptocurrency market. “This is the largest and so far the only farm in Russia that offers the ‘full cycle’ — not just producing cryptocurrency but also offering services to those who do the mining,” stated Alexei Korolyov who is one of the founders of the Kriptoyunivers center. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-10 18:47:12
BTG Issued with Rejection Confirmation for Elevair Coil System by the FDA – The US Food &amp; Drug Administration has rejected a premarket application by BTG PLC for Elevair Endobronchial Coil system. Elevair is currently under development for treatment of a type of lung condition called emphysema.  Shares responded with a slump.  Following the announcement on Thursday, BTG shares dropped 2.8% to trade at 510.50 pence in the morning hours. The company is marketing Elevair in the EU under the brand name PneumRx Coils. It is a coil that is carefully implanted into the lungs of a person suffering from emphysema. The coil is used to keep the airways open when the patient breathes out. This is intended to prevent the airways from collapsing. The device works by reducing lung volume.  Read more:  r/
@_date: 2018-08-06 20:01:38
Market Morning: Economic Menu, Fed’s Bullard Says Remove All Tariffs, Iran Sanctions Tuesday – Foreign exchange reserves in Japan. Not too much attention generally paid to this one, but Japan is the second biggest foreign holder of US treasuries. Let’s see if the recent increase in supply has had the Japanese sell some on net. Chinese inflation, last month reported in at 1.9%. US 30-year mortgage rate. Are rising rates having an outsized impact on mortgage rates, which could be responsible for the recent downturn in real estate prices? Probably. Producer Price Index. This could be significant. Last month the PPI, representing prices producers pay for materials in order to make finished goods, hit its highest level since 2011 at 3.4% annual inflation. The same is expected this month. The number hit 10% just prior to the last financial crisis, and hit a high of 20% back in 1975. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-17 15:50:33
AAIS Joins IBM To Take Regulatory Reporting Digital – The Paypers, an online news outlet, reports that the American Association of Insurance Services (AAIS) has launched an insurance database and reporting tool that is based on blockchain technology. The association seeks to accomplish the move through a partnership with IBM (NYSE:IBM) on whose platform the insurance database and reporting tool will be developed. Per the reports, AAIS made the announcement via a video posted on August 15. The privately held insurance advisory has called the platform Open Insurance Data Link (openIDL). The platform will be hosted on IBM’s enterprise blockchain solution using Hyperledger Fabric. The insurance advisory collects and analyses market data to create loss reports and to provide loss reports for insurance firms as well as government agencies responsible for regulating the insurance space. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-21 16:32:18
Market Morning: Trump Hits Fed, South African Kleptomania, Amazon Hires Cardiologist, Venezuela Banks on Crypto – Perhaps discontented with the rise of the dollar (NYSEARCA:UUP) on foreign exchange markets, or worried that the 10-year boom that began in 2009 may be coming to an end with President Trump blamed if the Federal Reserve keeps raising rates, Trump publicly criticized Fed Chair Jay Powell. He is “not thrilled” with the fact that Powell isn’t helping him boost the economy by manipulating the dollar, while at the same time criticizing China and Europe for manipulating their own currencies, not seeming to get the inherent hypocrisy of juxtaposing both statements. Most market analysts believe that Powell and others at the Fed will maintain their current policy course. Read more:  [
@_date: 2018-08-29 20:38:01
Associated Press Joins Forces with Civil Media Company on Blockchain – The Associated Press (AP) has announced a partnership with Civil Media Company to develop a blockchain solution for tracking content-flow. The deal will leverage blockchain technology to help enforce licensing rights. The two part deal will also enable AP to license its content to the Civil network’s 14 newsrooms. Civil Media is a blockchain startup that works towards enabling a network of high-quality news outlets through sale of cryptocurrency. The company provides a platform that enables a peer-to-peer exchange of content between journalists who are mutually supporting. According to reports, Civil Media Company is planning to go public next month. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-14 14:37:28
Market Morning: EM Rout Halts, Erdogan Threatens Apple, Bayer Gets Rounded Up – Stock futures are up in the United States as the US dollar has declined slightly versus a basket of emerging market currencies that have finally found their footing overnight, for now. Emerging Market stocks (NYSEARCA:EEM) have stabilized as well, though the question is for how long. Is this a bottom, or merely a lull? In a sign of possible continued volatility over the horizon, the yield curve in the US has continued to flatten, flirting with 10Y-2Y spread lows of 24 basis points. We are now back down to 26 basis points, and lows could be broken imminently. Erdogan Threatens Boycott of Apple, Other US Electronics, Lira Rises. Turkish President Erdogan lashed out again against the United States, threatening to boycott American electronics. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-21 16:55:44
Tradingview and Monarch Token to Support NASCAR Racers – US-based professional stock car racing team, Rick Ware Racing (RWR) has announced that Monarch Token has partnered with TradingView to support the team. Monarch Token is a leading cryptocurrency platform offering crypto-to-fiat payment solutions and TradingView is a social trading network. In the new agreement, the two companies will jointly sponsor RWR’s No. 51 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 in the upcoming Bass Pro Shops NRA Night Race that will take place in Bristol. Renowned professional car racer, Reed Sorenson will be behind the wheels in the Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 that was launched recently. It will be the first such event for RWR. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-01 02:15:16
Thailand’s Largest Movie Theater To Start Accepting Payments In Bitcoin. on Twitter. Movie fans in Thailand may soon start paying for their entertainment in Bitcoin (BTC-USD). Major Cineplex, the country’s largest movie theater chain has announced that it will be integrating digital currency payments to enable fans pay in Bitcoin. Customers will now be able to use Bitcoin to access the theater’s services and products like movie tickets and popcorn. Partnership with RapidzPay. To facilitate the new program, the company has signed a partnership agreement with RapidzPay, a Swiss payment company. Through the partnership, the theater intends to build its own digital payment ecosystem in the country. Since it was started in December 1995, the theater has grown and expanded and currently lists 143 theater in the country. 43 of these theaters are situated in Bangkok. Additionally, the company has a total of 678 screens, 9 of which are in Laos and 7 in Cambodia. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-03 21:48:03
IDAP Global To Introduce First Complete Derivatives Ecosystem For Virtual Assets – IDAP Global is planning to come up with the first complete Derivatives Ecosystem for Virtual Assets after its white paper on ICO received widespread approval. The paper was appreciated for its depth and transparency.  As of now, there are more than 200 exchanges in the world that offer cryptocurrency trading of major virtual currencies. Few such trading exchanges also offer derivatives such as ETH options or BTC futures. However, there is no trader or platform in forex and capital markets that offer choices for crypto trading. There is also no option that offer protection to them from direct exposure to virtual currencies while simultaneously providing low-risk alternatives.  IDAP Global CEO talks about issues related to crypto trading.  According to IDAP Global CEO and Founder, Awanish Rajan, “Being in the trading business for almost a decade, we have a firsthand experience of all the issues that one faces.” He stated that lack of poor customer support; unsophisticated tools for trading professionally, diversity in instruments for trading are some of the issues that traders face in the cryptocurrency trading.”  Read more:  r/
@_date: 2018-08-03 22:25:24
Coinbase Adds British Pound, Targeting Crypto Users In UK – Coinbase has announced that customers in the United Kingdom can now use the Pound Sterling to buy digital assets. The cryptocurrency giant based in San Francisco made the announcement on Wednesday.  Increased convenience for UK customers.  The announcement is definitely good news for Coinbase’s customers in the U.K. Initially, traders had to change their money into Euros instead of trading in Pounds. This process led to a lot of delays and an increase in transaction fees. The new plan will enable customers in the U.K. to complete payments and withdrawals the same day.  SEE: Cryptocompare To Start Supplying Thomson Reuters With Trading Data Of 50 Cryptocurrencies.  In a comment on the matter, Coinbase UK CEO, Zeeshan Feroz, said that many banks in the U.K have been reluctant to offering services to crypto businesses. He added that they are happy to be the first company to work with the local banking sector.  Read more:  r/
@_date: 2018-08-13 22:29:37
Tron Users Will Now be Able to Make Payments through Twitter – Over the last few months, Tron (TRX-USD), the world’s eleventh largest cryptocurrency, has been making headlines within the crypto sector. The currency successfully managed to move out of the Ethereum blockchain after launching its own blockchain called Mainnet. Additionally, the project unveiled its Virtual machine to users. There are several other projects still under implementation.  Over months, Tron has also signed a few partnerships and secured listings on major platforms. Recently, it unveiled its App on Android called TronWallet. The app is expected to launch on iOS in the near future.  Tron is heavily investing in improving the experience of its users. The company is in the news again after it signed a partnership with its payment platform Seedit to allow Twitter (NASDAQ:TWTR) users to make payments with the token.  Read more:  r/
@_date: 2018-08-24 16:26:36
WinMiner Wants You to Make Money Mining Crypto – While most crypto enthusiasts make money through crypto trading, WinMiner wants people to be able to earn through mining, too. In an interview with CryptoGlobe, the WinMiner team stated that they are interested in opening up “the complicated world of cryptocurrency mining to the masses.” Through their platform, the firm hopes to address the increasing centralization of crypto mining. According to comments made during the interview, the company wants to make sure the dream of blockchain remains on course. They say that they want to “prevent the once-idealistic world of cryptocurrency from losing the democratic, open and fair system it was designed to foster.” Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-29 21:36:25
 Brazilian Crypto Firm Atlas Compromised – A Brazilian crypto trading network named Atlas has been hacked. Personal data belonging to more than 264,000 users of the platform has been leaked. Users’ compromised data include email addresses, phone numbers, names and account balances. However, the crypto firm has confirmed that the actual funds are still safe and secure. Through their YouTube Channel, Digital Investments revealed that the crypto network has around 14,500 users. Additionally, the said users are holding Bitcoins (BTC-USD) totaling 5,813 in the Atlas’ exchange. As per CryptoCompare, the Bitcoins have a current value of more than $39 million. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-15 16:05:54
Leading Technology Companies Increasingly Embracing Blockchain Technology – Many companies around the world are turning to blockchain technology faster than even sector enthusiasts have believed. The technology has been lauded as being revolutionary and seen to affect many industries and aspects of life. Blockchain allows governments and companies to decentralize their operations. This helps increase transparency and irons out many of the problems affecting government and corporate sectors. All around the world, companies are in a rush to integrate blockchain technology into their daily activities. Competition is high and companies seem to be aiming at leveraging their position in the respective industries. Some of the companies that have so far developed their own blockchain include Oracle, Social Reality Inc. and Riot Blockchain, Inc. Read more: r/
@_date: 2018-08-17 16:01:13
Jeju Island Seeks to Offer Reprieve to ICO – According to reports by JoogAng Daily, an English language news outlet for South Korea, Jeju Island, an island off South Korea, is seeking to become a blockchain technology haven in which cryptocurrency companies will freely raise funds through initial coin offerings (ICO). In a formal request to government officials, including the Deputy Prime Minister, Won Hee-ryong, governor of the tiny island, made the proposal asking for the island to be designated a “special zone for blockchain and cryptocurrency” in its interests to become a hub for the blockchain industry.” About 400 KM to the south of the mainland’s capital, the island is a major tourist destination.  Per the reports, the Governor indicated that start-ups in the island will be at liberty to offer requests for funds through ICOs. Read more:  [
@_date: 2018-08-07 20:52:20
Chinese Investor Sues Local Cryptocurrency Exchange OKCoin For Blocking Release Of Bitcoin Cash (BCH)— A cryptocurrency investor from China sued the virtual currency exchange OKCoin for blocking access to 38.748 Bitcoin Cash (BCH-USD), the balance present during the fork in his account. The trader whose pseudonym is Feng Bin accused the Chinese exchange of disallowing him access Bitcoin Cash created after the fork last year at the start of December 2017.  Feng Bin says OKCoin stopped him from extracting BCH.  However, OKCoin has denied the accusation saying that that stipulated Bitcoin Cash was not released as the investor did not claim his coins within the deadline. Apparently, the deadline was not disclosed to traders. Feng Bin said that he found no button that could allow him extract Bitcoin Cash as was promised by OKCoin after he tried to sell BCH when the virtual currency reached its pinnacle of approximately $4,000 in the month of December last year.  Read more:  r/
@_date: 2018-08-01 18:32:38
 Cryptocompare To Start Supplying Thomson Reuters With Trading Data Of 50 Cryptocurrencies. The global aggregator of cryptocurrency market data CryptoCompare has signed a partnership with Thomson Reuters that will see the two companies share market data from the trading of cryptocurrencies. Terms of the agreement: According to the agreement, CryptoCompare will collect trade data and order books for 50 digital currencies. This data will be collected from some of the most trusted exchanges. This information will then be integrated into Eikon, Thomson Reuters’ financial desktop platform. The move is expected to ensure that Thomson Reuters keeps up with its promise of offering information and professional insights to institutional investors. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-14 15:08:09
Saudi Arabia Officials Warn against Cryptocurrency Trading in the Country – Saudi Arabian authorities are warning against cryptocurrency trading in the Kingdom. The government via a special committee recently issued a statement stressing that Bitcoin and cryptocurrency trading is still illegal in the country. The committee came out with the clarification in response to an increase in the number of websites and social media platforms promoting the trade.  The standing committee is headed by the country’s Capital Market Authority. The committee is comprised of representatives from the Ministry of Information, the Ministry of Interior and the Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency (SAMA). The institutions issued a joint statement saying the claims being propagated by these websites and social media platforms are not correct. Many of these websites have claimed that they have the backing of the authorities.  Read more:  r/
@_date: 2018-08-01 01:50:39
Perfectial To Start Accepting Payments In Cryptocurrencies. Perfectial, a custom software developer, has announced that it will start accepting cryptocurrencies as payments for its services. In a statement, the company announced that it will be accepting Bitcoin, Ethereum and Litecoin as payment for services given to its clients. Cryptocurrency the future of payment. Perfectial’s CTO and co-founder, Ivan Kohut, in a statement said that cryptocurrencies will play an important role in making payments in the future. He noted that the move is aimed at making the company’s services more accessible and affordable. Kohuta added that all along, the company’s mission has been to serve customers with satisfaction and convenience. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-09 19:16:55
Japan’s Financial Services Agency To Revise Cryptocurrency Regulations To Counter Speculations – Japanese financial regulators intend to introduce strict regulations on Bitcoin (BTC-USD) plus other cryptocurrencies. The move, say regulators, is in response to a recent massive theft that happened at Coincheck. The theft at the Tokyo-based cryptocurrency exchange took place in January.  In addition to addressing cases of theft of digital currencies, the financial watchdog is also seeking to curb cases of speculative investment. Earlier in April, the government announced that it is revising the Payment Services Act so as to protect cryptocurrency users from fraudulent operators. As part of the revision process, the government said it is introducing a registration system that will be used to store information on all dealers.  Read more:  r/
@_date: 2018-08-20 16:11:35
Hack Suspect to Pay Bail in Cryptocurrency – A suspect facing hacking allegations has been ordered by a US federal judge to pay a bail equivalent to $750,000 in cryptocurrencies. The suspect is facing charges for hacking Electronic Arts (NASDAQ:EA), a leading video game company. He is said to have gotten away with in-game currency that was had been collected from buying and selling in-game items. Part of the coins also came from the sale of access to online games through black-market websites. Aspects of blockchain technology can be traced in almost all industry. This is likely to be the first case in which cryopocurrencies are being used to pay bail in an American court. Martin Marsich, the suspect, is expected to confirm payment of bail today, August 20. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-06 19:12:27
Canadian Mining Venture DMG Blockchain To Start Producing Its Own Electricity Substation – Cryptocurrency mining requires a huge amount of electricity, which is why the virtual currency mining companies have to constantly face interrogation and scrutiny from both the utility departments and government bodies. This is one of the major causes of worry for serious cryptocurrency mining platforms. In order to avoid such issues, Canadian mining venture DMG blockchain has decided to create its own electricity substation and protect itself from backlash from government officials. A report says that the Vancouver-based company is planning to come up with an elaborate electricity infrastructure that will support the myriad requirements of mining facilities. In general, mining ventures mostly focus on only one cryptocurrency. But in the case of DMG, things are a bit different. The company has a portfolio that supports multiple mining interests. DMG mining works in two key areas that include developing software and applications for the privately-owned permitted systems based on blockchain and mining public blockchains. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-28 19:06:56
Samsung SDS Seeks to Ease Bank-To-Bank Customer Transactions – Samsung has unveiled a blockchain-based platform that will allow people to easily make transactions at different banks. The conglomerate developed the solution through Samsung SDS Co., a subsidiary of Samsung.  According to Samsung SDS, the platform is a partnership effort with several banks under Korea Federation of Banks. The blockchain solution aims at pioneering a system of “mobile payment between banking entities and users.” According to the statement released by Samsung SDS, the technology is not yet fully developed. However, there is already a wave of excitement in the technology and financial market.  Read more:  [
@_date: 2018-08-16 14:59:29
Jamaica Stock Exchange Blazing the Trail in Blockchain Tokens Trading Market – Jamaica’s stock exchange is set to be one of the pioneering exchanges in the world to facilitate the trading of digital tokens, according to a press release. To implement the project, the exchange has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with a Canadian fintech company, Blockstation. Per the release, the firm will help “facilitate the crypto-trading services.” The signed MoU will enable the two entities to provide an avenue where the digital tokens can be traded without the uncertainties that characterize current trading platforms. The exchange provides a regulatory framework that hence solving problems that have denied many investors the opportunity to join the market.  Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-16 15:10:00
EnergyFunders is democratizing Oil and Gas Investments. Exclusive Interview with CEO Casey Minshew – EnergyFunders is democratizing Oil and Gas Investments. Most people, worldwide, never thought they could invest directly in an oil or gas project, mainly due to the high-risk nature and high investment requirements. The investment vehicle has been reserved for the wealthy or people in the know. Thanks to changes in regulations and the growth in online investing, EnergyFunders has become the leader in providing investors access to direct oil and gas investing. We have raised over 6 million for projects with several of those projects beginning to pay investors back. In 2014, the Oil and gas market headed into a depression, prices dropped from over $120 to as low as $28 per barrel. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-15 16:16:35
Another Caribbean Central Bank Partners with Blockchain Startup to Explore Central Bank-Backed Crypto – Bitt Inc, a blockchain startup, has signed a Memorandum of Understanding with two central banks from Sint Maarten and Curaçao – Centrale Bank van Curaçao en Sint Maarten (CBCS). According to the MoU, the two entities will jointly explore the best ways of issuing digital currency ‘Curaçao and Sint Maarten guilder’. The new currency is expected to replace ‘Netherlands Antillean guilder’ which also enjoys the support of the CBCS. The move is geared at allowing payment using cryptocurrencies in the two countries. According to the announcement, the two parties will work towards having a central bank-backed cryptocurrency to serve the two countries. The two countries are looking at ways of reducing the use of money in the monetary union. Additionally, the agreement is meant to ensure secure and anti-money Laundering ways of making transactions. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-20 16:04:21
Bank of China Partners with China Unionpay on Blockchain Payment Program – The Chinese commercial regulator Bank of China (BOC) has partnered with China UnionPay (CUP), a leading financial service corporation in China to work on big data and blockchain applications. The two entities signed an agreement to jointly develop a mobile payment system based on blockchain.  According to the terms of the agreement, China UnionPay and Bank of China will pool their expertise and strength to promote the health, as well as quick development of the blockchain based payment system. The new system will offer digital mobile finance to clients. China UnionPay is banking on this partnership to develop a single portal, through which customers will access various financial services. The idea is to launch a single smartcard, which will be used by the holders to pay for goods and services, transfer money and trade.  Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-10 16:48:18
 Cryptocurrency Scammers on the Loose – Since Bitcoin, there have been so many digital currencies that have developed with the aim of taking a share of the pie.  Trading cryptocurrencies has come to be so lucrative for some that it has attracted throngs of buyers and sellers who are out to cash in on the phenomenon.  The promise of large sums of money in profits is too tempting for scammers to let pass by. In any environment where there is a lot of money in whatever form changing hands, there is a group of individuals with ill motives that want to net a fortune without actually breaking a sweat. This is what is happening in the crypto market. These individuals have taken advantage of the many tokens in existence that have been created to competitively participate in the market to steal from other people’s digital wallets.  The media has been awash with reports of fake accounts created on Twitter that target unsuspecting individuals with digital token give-ways that are too good to be true, for example. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-01 01:24:06
 Morning: PCE Inflation, California Burning, Lab Grown Mouse Meat &amp; Apple Earnings. Stock futures are floating slightly higher this morning as the Personal Consumption Expenditures index data are due at 8:30am Eastern. Market expectations for the Core PCE, excluding food and energy prices, are for a 2% year over year rise. Anything significantly above that and we could see a jump in bond yields (especially given the record amount of treasury debt being issued currently) and gold prices. The Federal Open Market Committee concludes its meeting on Wednesday and announces its rate decision at 2pm. Rates are expected to be held steady, as there is no press conference organized post decision, which usually means nothing will be changed. Fed Chair Jerome Powell has changed that policy starting next year and will host a press conference after every FOMC meeting beginning in 2019. This probably means more rate hikes are expected in the future. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-16 14:46:45
Ethos Reveals Integration with Simplex – Ethos, a U.S. based crypto firm, has reported its integration with the Simplex service. Following the integration, Ethos clients will be able to access liquidity as well as exchange services between fiat currencies and the virtual currencies on a global scale. Simplex is an international instant fiat buying service that allows users to buy altcoin and Bitcoin (BTC-USD) using their credit cards or debit cards. It allows brokers, exchanges, marketplaces, and wallets to safely transact online. Through the integration, Ethos is planning to develop a financial scheme that is fair, safe and transparent for all its users. It aims to achieve this by exploiting the autonomy and the potential offered by digital currencies. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-28 19:30:17
  
China Casts a Wider Net in The Ongoing Crackdown on Crypto-Related Content – China is getting more aggressive in the campaign against cryptocurrency. In the latest development, Baidu (NASDAQ:BDU) has banned cryptocurrency-related activities from its platform. Baidu is the leading internet services provider in China as well as the country’s largest search engine. The news comes in the wake of recent reports that Tencent (OTCMKTS:TCEHY) had banned crypto-related accounts from WeChat. A while ago, local media reported a similar move by Alibaba (NASDAQ:BABA) which banned the use of digital tokens on AliPay. The tech giants have defended their actions terming them as a way of sticking to the official script. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-07 21:15:16
Head Of NY BitLicense Collides With US Treasury Regarding Fintech Banking Charters – The Department of Financial Services (DFS) based in New York has disagreed with the approval of regulations for fintech firms by the U.S Department of Treasury. This is according to a statement by the superintendent and overseer of New York’s DFS, Maria T. Vullo. The US Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) stated on Tuesday last week, that it will begin accepting financial technology firms’ applications for a national charter. However, the companies must meet certain demands. This would for the first time, allow fintech companies an opportunity for federal oversight. Authorized to grant charters. It is this move by the OCC which is an independent bureau at the Department of Treasury that has forced the DFS based in New York to quickly voice its opposition. Meanwhile, the OCC stated that it is authorized by the National Banking Act to give charters permitting National Banks to run banking business. The regulator claimed that its powers include that of National Banks for a special purpose. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-13 16:14:15
Market Morning: Imploding Turkey, Harley Boycott, Tesla Privatization Hullabaloo – After Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan published an op-ed in the New York Times about how Turkey may start looking for new friends to replace its alliance with the United States, holders of Turkish Lira decided they didn’t quite want to hold it anymore. The Lira/Dollar exchange rate fell another 25% to an all time low of 7.2 to the dollar, and is now around 6.8, still down 7.25% on the day. Other emerging market currencies like the South African Rand (ZAR=X) and Indian Rupee (INR=X) and Mexican Peso (MXN=X) are also down sharply. Japan’s Nikkei (NYSEARCA:EWJ) is down 2%, German stocks (NYSEARCA:EWG) are down 0.75%, and S&amp;P 500 futures (NYSEARCA:SPY) are down over half a percent. Financials are down the strongest this morning as bank contagion fears always show up with financial stress.  Read more:  r/
@_date: 2018-08-08 22:27:00
West Virginia To Roll Out Blockchain Voting Option For Overseas Voters – West Virginia is planning to roll out a mobile voting app based on blockchain for all of the 55 counties of the state. The app has been developed for military personnel who are stationed abroad and cannot come to the state for voting in midterm elections. With the help of this app these overseas voters will now be able to cast their ballots easily. According to reports, West Virginia first tested the blockchain-based app a couple of months ago this year for the military staff as well as for their dependents from Monongalia and Harrison counties. During the testing, Mac Warner, the Secretary of State stated that the state wants to extend this effort across all its counties and will implement during November’s midterms. Warner said that they will use the app if the test proves successful. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-01 18:44:27
Cryptocompare To Start Supplying Thomson Reuters With Trading Data Of 50 Cryptocurrencies.  The global aggregator of cryptocurrency market data CryptoCompare has signed a partnership with Thomson Reuters that will see the two companies share market data from the trading of cryptocurrencies.  Terms of the agreement:  According to the agreement, CryptoCompare will collect trade data and order books for 50 digital currencies. This data will be collected from some of the most trusted exchanges. This information will then be integrated into Eikon, Thomson Reuters’ financial desktop platform. The move is expected to ensure that Thomson Reuters keeps up with its promise of offering information and professional insights to institutional investors.  Read more:  r/
@_date: 2018-08-20 16:21:16
Wyre, Makerdao Partner to Offer Dai-Based Fiat-Crypto Trading Pairs – Blockchain-based payment transfer firm Wyre has formed a strategic partnership with MakerDAO, a developer of Dai, to add stablecoin to its platform starting August 14. According to the agreement, Wyre will launch the new Dai-based crypto-fiat trading pairs.  Wyre will start applying its approved and regulated payment transfer system to facilitate instant fiat currency withdrawal and deposit in and out of Dai. The new program is expected to help Wyre customers avoid the many challenges that come with speculative virtual currencies like Bitcoin and Ether. Additionally, the new move will add more advantages like improving security and speed using blockchain technology. In general, the new product has been well designed and optimized to offer customers with an effective, efficient and secure money transfer system supported by regulatory approvals. Read more: [
@_date: 2018-08-31 18:45:59
Square Acquires a New License to Expand the Limits of Digital Payments – Square Inc., has acquired a patent that will let merchants accept payments across cryptocurrencies. According to documents published on scribd.com, the US Patent &amp; Trademark Office (USPTO) gave the green for the new dimension. Users will pay with a currency of their choice and merchants will also receive any currency. Square is a mobile payments platform that has recently made serious inroads in blockchain technology. The move is a positive step in the adoption and mass usage of digital coins in the mainstream market. Filed in September 2017, the patent will allow Square to develop the platform that will facilitate the transactions. Read more: [