@_author: phoenixnova
@_date: 2013-03-19 05:02:27
Having regulations and successfully regulating something are two very different things...
@_date: 2013-04-12 02:12:20
The liberty to ignore our elders and fall into that ditch they're screaming about is a precious one.  How else will we learn to yell at our children, "Watch out for that ditch!"
@_date: 2013-03-19 18:09:23
I think that you're referring to the Paradox of Thrift, a famous proof that the Keynesians used as a cornerstone of their monetarist theories.  The theory being that savings detracted from spending, which in turn caused lowered demand and layoffs, thus stalling the economy.
The Keynesians used a typical "stop the moment" snapshot of the economy for this proof, which fails to take into account that the saved money will eventually get used to increase the efficiency of the system.  (Ex:  New and more efficient doughnut machines created by and bought by those who could effectively borrow some of that saved money for that purpose; with the borrowed money paid back through the lowered cost that those new machines allowed.)
That's the complicated answer.  The simple answer is that the market will eventually find a productive use for those Bitcoins where a Bitcoin owner will be able to safely make a reasonable interest return (in Bitcoin) in exchange for others borrowing it to make the economy more efficient.  We're not there yet, but I expect we will be at some point in the not too distant future.
@_date: 2013-04-30 23:30:27


Maybe I'm missing something here.  What is the difference between more than 700 Thash solo, vs 700 Thash with 75%+ guild participation?  It's still 700 Terra-hashes/sec.  So either you don't understand the math supporting the system, or I'm missing the point you're trying to make.
@_date: 2013-03-29 02:32:47
Tell you what.  I'll stop when they stop playing with OTC derivatives, then raiding the coffers and bank accounts of entire countries when they have a bet blow up in their faces.  Or how about when they give up the right to give me 1% interest for a $1 deposit that they charge me $10 per month to have the account with, then turn that into $8.5 dollars that they then loan out for 10-20% yearly interest?
@_date: 2013-04-15 15:58:05
The price of gold is highly complex.  Much more so than a regular good.  It has several layers of derivatives and markets that affect its price, and the official market price may not actually reflect demand at all times.
I personally can't think of much of a reason that demand for gold as a safety-net investment would be dropping.  If QE stops, then the resulting backlash into the stock and bond markets would be severe, and gold would be rushed to as a holding point.  Continued QE runs a risk of further destabilizing the currency, which would have a  similar "rushing to" effect.
One thought on what may be causing this (aside from possible derivatives manipulation) is that gold is an anti-status quo type of investment.  People tend to run to gold when there's an obvious storm on the horizon, then tend to cash it in for interest bearing investments when the weather looks clear.  Maybe the economists have convinced people that the storm (at least in the US) is over.  (I personally don't think it is, BTW)
Another possibility is that more people are cashing in gold for dollars as a result of them simply having to do so to make ends meet, and less people are buying for the same reason.
@_date: 2013-04-12 22:23:26
Okay, why would people even buy bonds today when the risk premium (interest over the inflation rate) doesn't exist anymore, and the interest rate is actually below the inflation rate?  Add to that the issues with accounting and rule of law issues, and I amazed that people aren't fleeing in panic.  Since you're a trader I assume that you're playing the interest spreads, so that makes more sense to me than the people who buy to hold in that market.
Also, what do you think of the current $300+ trillion in interest rate swaps and their associated CSA's (Credit Support Annex)?  Do you think that the immediate future value revaluation clauses from interest rate changes in the CSA's have an effect on central banking interest rate decisions?
@_date: 2013-03-27 20:23:18
I've run out of words for how cool this is.  Every time I'm proud of what you can do with Bitcoins, something like this makes it even better.
@_date: 2013-04-12 02:28:13
I remember looking at the smartest Econ/Finance professor I have ever known, and saying something to the meaning of "this is all BS, isn't it?"  He very quickly nodded vigorously while grinning.  Economics is one of the lovers of my life, and he's one of the few economists that I have ever truly considered competent.
Me in intermediate macro -  "why is that line on the IS-LM model straight instead of curved?
A different professor from the one mentioned above - "That's the way that the model works."
Me - "But that's saying that a person who makes $10,000,000/year saves the same percentage of income that a person who makes $10,000/year..."
Him - "That's how the model works, okay?!"
yea...I was **THAT** student.
@_date: 2013-03-30 13:32:34
This is just a guess, but by supposition is that without a credit system that continually recycles wealth back to the asset holders on a massive scale, Mr. 25% and his descendents will eventually have to either show judgement in investments that actually add to the efficiency of the economy, or see their wealth drain slowly away over multiple generations.
Our current system allows money to be recycled back to the asset holders because the cost of credit is so very low to the supplier.  Fractional reserve banking in a fiat system allows banks to literally create money from nothing on an 8.25/1 scale from deposits that they pay nominal interest on, then can lend out at 10x the interest in the form of credit cards.  This effectively creates a system where they can profit from the working lifetimes of the common citizen at a low risk.  The mathematics of Bitcoin don't allow for the creation of more Bitcoin on a fractional basis, effectively destroying this process.  (Not to say they couldn't do it with a derivative of Bitcoin, but that would be tough to get the public to accept without a government outlawing direct Bitcoin usage itself.)
@_date: 2013-04-09 17:58:31
Thanks! 
@_date: 2013-03-19 17:28:30
I can understand the concern.  No, it's not a 501(c)(3).  
The really sad thing is that giving to a government verified charity won't actually guarantee that even 50% of your contribution will go to what you gave it for.  Some of the most well known ones are infamous for spending 85% or more of that money on "administrative costs" and marketing.
I contacted the site owner, and he says that he'll be posting proof of use in just a little bit.
@_date: 2013-03-28 14:29:58
No, that's the dollar, and the closet anarchist in me would pay to see that happen on a mass scale...
@_date: 2013-03-29 02:26:56


Ummm, I really didn't.


But, in keeping with the spirit of your comment, I did assume that the US would be a part of a major move.  It's possible that the EU could engineer this as well, and it would be more effective if coupled with a crackdown of some sort.
Hmmm...Does anyone have any kind of stats on the geographic ownership of the coins?  (I know, nearly impossible to do.)
@_date: 2013-04-15 15:38:14
Apparently, 1 Titan can do 20petaFLOPS, and costs about $100 million.  You'd need at least 40 of them to do any damage, and that doesn't count the full impact of ASICS that haven't been shipped yet.
So you'd need to spend at least $4 Billion (and most like a lot more, considering the time to order, house, and configure them versus the current network hashrate arms race) and all you'd get out of it is the ability to shut down the blockchain for a day or so until the devs figured out that the majority of computing power is coming form one or a small number of miners and figured out a way to make the mining software ignore them.
@_date: 2013-04-13 03:41:36
I like him best when it looks like he needs some Ritalin.  :)
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:23:00
Actually, in situations where the good, commodity, or stock is both a)  Something that had been rising very rapidly, and b) something with an ideological basis to it, it can combine into a near-religious combination of fear of missing out on the next major move up and a belief that the solidarity of the investors will allow everyone to hold steady, even in the face of obvious market signals to the contrary.
This is in contrast to the opposite view, where the person who was skeptical of the investment to the point of "missing the train" is desperately screaming "Sell!", "ponzi!" and anything else that they can in the hopes of getting in at a reasonable price.  My experience is that this person will not buy any major correction though, due to that self-same doubt kicking back in in full force once the price stabilizes at a new low.
Then there are those who believe believe in the good, service, or investment enough to simply get in and stay in, regardless of the market fluctuations.  When they are right, they are often the biggest (or at least the most consistent) winners.
@_date: 2013-03-27 00:51:05
The level of delusion that your response indicates isn't one that I can have a rational discussion with.  Your insistence that more money be thrown at the banks without looking at secondary effects is horrific and inhumane.  Our current economic policy has served to enslave the common man with debt, whilst that same leverage can be used by those with access to huge amounts of credit to funnel the majority of the wealth up into the top 10%.  An income gap like the one that we've got right now is one of the largest precursor warning signs of a currency collapse (and possible bloody revolution) that history has to offer us, but we keep taking actions that ensures that the middle class will be bearing the brunt of having to prop up this system, while ensuring that those actions increase moral hazard by orders of magnitude for every cycle of new bailouts.
Furthermore, don't presume that I considered the insanity of dissolving the Glass–Steagall Act as anything but an indicator that the system is getting more out of control by the day.  You've pigeonholed me as a Neo-Classical, and you're wrong.    
As to whether I understand Keynesian economics, I can say this.  I think in terms of paradigms, not just theories.  And one thing that being trapped into a single theory paradigm does is make insane actions look sane to the person trapped in it.  Keynesian economists have deluded themselves into thinking that actions such as bank bailouts and large military expenditures are saving the little guy by preventing a recession, when in reality they're just putting it off for another day and making the eventual correction worse, while stealing the retirements of the elderly via the inflation caused by their one-synapse response of stepping on the gas any time the car starts to slow down.
I don't expect you to understand this, but I hope you remember it when the time comes that the storm takes over.  You Keynesians have literally created a credit system that by the laws of mathematics isn't sustainable, but you've convinced yourself that you can lift yourself up to Mars if you just tug on your pants hard enough.
This is my last response to this sub-thread, as I don't really see our having a theory war being helpful to the general reader at this point.   
@_date: 2013-04-02 04:32:59
Good point, thanks.
@_date: 2013-03-19 20:03:15
Here's the update to the site:
@_date: 2013-04-02 04:07:55
I was thanking E-GovLink.  Sorry if it was unclear.
@_date: 2013-03-22 04:14:06
1)  Go to [localbitcoins.com](
2)  Enter in your Zip into the search screen.
3)  Sign up and set up a contract with a seller who had a decent rep score.  Converse  (Email or site message) with him to set up a meeting time and place.
4)  Get cash from the ATM
5)  Meet the seller to complete the transaction.  (Usually at a local Starbucks, or the like.)  Show your money to the seller, but don't give it to him until gives you the release code that Localbitcoins.com assigned you, that he only gets once he has released the coin to you.
6)  Transfer the Bitcoin from your LocalBitcoins.com account to your preferred wallet.
Localbitcoins.com acts a lot like an escro service in the transaction, and you can usually get the coin within a day if you live near a major city.  And yes, you'll pay a little over market, but it's currently the fastest way I know of to get Bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-04-02 04:01:43
Or at least buy some ice packs.
@_date: 2013-04-11 00:56:39
Great comments guys.  For the record, if the villagers are carrying pitchforks and screaming "monster!", then you're probably on to something here.  Great inventions and advances are often derided or outright attacked at first.  Look up Joseph Lister, and you'll see what I mean.
OP - I consider it a badge of honor that you're willing to get into the arena and face the lions.  You might get your butt occasionally bitten, but you're a step above the booing crowd that don't have the courage to put their blood on the line.  And they'll never know what it feels like to really have something on the line and be willing to defend it when nobody else will.
@_date: 2013-04-12 05:09:03
I really don't think that most of the people on this board realize just how existentially terrorizing economics really is.  The theories are nice and safe, but when you really start asking the hard questions like,  "Just why exactly is Lord Keynes quoted as saying - In the long run, we're all dead.?", you really start to look a true monster in the eye.
True forensic economics is more disgusting than politics, because it shows that politicians are either nothing more than playthings, or actors playing in a Shakespearean tragedy, where pride cometh before the fall. 
The hardest question that I can't currently answer is how you construct an economic system that doesn't suffer from exponential economic signaling loss as the size, complexity, and centralization increase.  Keynes welcomed it, Hayek thought he'd solved it by proving it doesn't exist, and it's eating our lunches as we speak.
Sorry for rambling.  Too many CPU cycles going toward trying to solve a problem without an easy solution.
@_date: 2013-03-21 15:28:15
There's actually a century old debate over this between the Keynesians and the Austrians, but Keynesian economics is what is taught in schools, what creates good borrowers and consumers, and what earns grants, so finding the Austrian viewpoint is difficult.  Most economists are personally conservative by nature, so you won't find many of them breaking ranks.  They'll admit that it's an alternative theory, but most will tow the party line.
The argument itself stems from whether or not the theory that deflation is bad is actually a post-hoc fallacy.
Keynesians:  Deflation is bad because it represents a failure of liquidity in the monetary and the credit system, and everything possible must be done to restore that liquidity.
Austrians:  Deflation is a symptom of an economy that is trying to correct miss-allocated resources into a more productive arrangement after a period of government and monetary largesse caused money to be so inexpensive (interest rate wise) that the natural mechanism for allocating resources was overridden by those who's incentive to speculate was increased by that cheap money.
So the basic argument stems from whether, in essence, deflation is like a fever your body uses to get rid of a flu, or the flu itself.  This debate has been going on for a century.  But I can say this, I believe that Keynes' famous quote "In the long run, we are all dead.", stemmed from Hayek's observation that a monetarist system cannot be sustained in the long run, due to the drags it puts on an economy and the stability of its currency.
As to your "deflation is always bad" statement, there's really no way to weigh the evidence in this case.  Prior to the Federal Reserve Act in 1913, the gold standard kept prices nearly flat, and most deflationary events happened due to bank runs, after which things balanced out.  The Fed was proposed after the man that congress sent to investigate whether the banks were intentionally causing credit gluts and crashes for profit spent some time in Europe talking to said banks, then proposed that they be given control of the money supply so they could ensure that the smaller banks always had liquidity.
I can say that, the gold standard served America extremely well until the Fed came online and instituted a tiered fractional reserve system that effectively increased the credit supply significantly.
I'll leave it up to the readers to think about whether the Great Depression was a correction from this huge increase in credit, or whether it was a lack of liquidity that caused it like the Keynesians believe.
@_date: 2013-04-11 01:50:19
We very well may be wrong.  Bitcoin has some issues that will have to be fixed eventually in it's infrastructure, but there has already been demonstrated plenty of talent in the development team for that.
And this is the way that new inventions and ideas work.  They don't get accepted into the mainstream until a 10% tipping point is reached.  Until then, they're usually considered silly.
@_date: 2013-03-20 19:21:09
Aside from my needing an edit feature in the title?
@_date: 2013-03-26 17:11:55
Sent to the website:
Regarding the article:  Fiat Bitcoins vs Fiat Federal Reserve Notes.
Please note the following definitions:
    A formal authorization or proposition; a decree.
    An arbitrary order.
order - ordinance - decree - command - edict
fiat currency
Web definitions
The term fiat money is used to mean: *any money declared by a government
to be legal tender.
Bitcoin is not a fiat currency.  This is a critical separator between
Bitcoin, which is not controlled by a central authority and totally
voluntary in its use, and say, the USD which is highly subject to
manipulation because it is both controlled by the US Government and forced
upon the US citizens.  By unintentionally perpetuating the misinformation
that "fiat" means "not gold", you are accidentally lumping a major
breakthrough for freedom (a decentralized, nearly anonymous system of
storing and transacting value) with the nationalistic currencies that are
currently the scourge of mankind and one of the primary tools for its
@_date: 2013-04-05 15:19:57
If I'm reading your question right, it actually means that they only keep 10% of the Bitcoin amount listed in the accounts available for instant withdrawal, with the rest offlined in a manner that hackers (theoretically) can't get access to, but available fairly quickly (within hours, generally), if withdrawals exceed that 10% of available liquidity.  That way, if hackers somehow do crack the trading, or in this case, wallet platform, they won't be able to siphon off the majority of the Bitcoins available for trade.  According to their blog, they're currently [offlining at an 87% rate.](
You won't even notice this most of the time, because it's not by account, but by the total available Bitcoins as a whole, so unless there's a huge surge in withdrawals, there won't be any strain on the system, and even then it's only a matter of a little extra time involved.
Also, CoinBase isn't a bank, they're an online wallet and purchasing system.  I'd also do a few searches in the subreddit, as people seem to have mixed feelings about it.  There aren't many actual Bitcoin banks out there right now, as most services are either exchanges, online wallets, or a hybrid of both.
@_date: 2013-03-22 18:10:52
More like within two weeks.  I was set for a consolidation phase, but the world's "leaders" just keep driving huge herds of panicked savers to us, and each new herd won't care what the cost of Bitcoin was last month, only if it can hide their savings from powerful thieves. 
@_date: 2013-04-09 04:31:18
This will change once Bitcoin is done revaluing itself against the other currencies.  Once the price stabilizes, then a loan is feasible, but only if what you're using the loan for will earn you enough real world interest (like building an apartment in a city desperate for more housing) to pay back the loan plus interest.  This was fairly common in the early 20th century before the credit explosion that began with the founding of the Fed in 1913, and continues to this day.
Loans for depreciating things, like a new entertainment center, won't be that common, though.
@_date: 2013-04-05 04:34:12
Bitcoin won't likely be the trigger for hyperinflation.  Hyperinflation is characterized by the value of a currency approaching zero as its velocity approaches infinity.  In other words, people see the currency as worthless and can't wait to get rid of it at any price ASAP.  (Even if the government keeps adding zero's to try to keep up with the falling value.)
The most likely current trigger for hyperinflation will be the collapse of the use of the USD as the sole currency for the purchase of petroleum.  Yes, the US can use the threat of war to prevent this from happening, but if China throws in behind this (which they're currently discussing with the other BRICS nations), then the US will be in a world war decision.
Bitcoin is however, an excellent candidate as a shelter against hyperinflation.
@_date: 2013-04-15 15:20:22
They don't have to buy them. They can sell IP (music, stories, ideas) or take tips on their Wordpress blog. The real question is what people in Ghana can buy with Bitcoins. If some service opens that will allow them to buy through it with Bitcoin then ship to Ghana...
@_date: 2013-03-20 17:41:07
I can appreciate your thoughts on this, and I won't discourage anyone from paying taxes, but I wonder if you have any response to the following statement:
They put the coffers of the United States into the hands of a third party, without a vote.  They did it even after there was a large public outcry against it.  That money was slated to help our parents in their old age, and educate our children.  And not only did they do that, but those who's reckless action put us into a financial crises not only got to keep their jobs, but were able to give themselves bonuses equal to hundreds or even thousands of average work years from that bailout.
Please give me an answer to this that not simply an appeal to authority or an appeal to legitimacy. 
@_date: 2013-03-20 05:11:28
My apologies, my turns of phrase can get somewhat archaic at times.  Post edited.
@_date: 2013-03-21 05:51:08
Thank you!
@_date: 2013-04-11 01:28:34
Think of it this way.  The top comments and up votes in that thread represent the people who will be panic buying near the top when the real bubble hits.  It's sad for them, but there's very little that we can actually do to change that herd mentality in most people. 
@_date: 2013-03-20 01:25:54
Absolutely nothing that isn't already happening.  
All that has to happen is for one fiat currency to blow up and destroy itself, with no stable dollar to run to.  The first is an eventual mathematical certainty with any fiat currency that is A) Interest based, and B) Not backed by gold.  And the second is nearly a done deal with the Fed's extravagance over the last few years.
In fact, the president of Argentina is currently doing everything she can to push her citizens to adopt Bitcoin as their shadow currency, even though she doesn't see it that way.  :)  Their currency is already trashed, but their government continues to print, while attempting to control the situation with price controls and heavy controls on foreign currency usage and exchanges...
Additionally, the EU bankers just took a huge bite out of the butts of the Cyprus citizens' savings accounts, and it looks like they're still hungry.  History indicates that those who can directly confiscate wealth rarely stop a "just a little bit".
Where to go...Where to go..?
So...what would even a small, bankrupt country's GDP do for the Bitcoin price if even 1% of its commerce switched to Bitcoin?  I'll bet it would be a good chunk toward that $1,000/Btc target.
And that doesn't even consider any speculative buying.  The market will soon anticipate this, and the heavy hitters, the VC's, Reg-D's, private millionaires, and the like, have already begun to swarm in, hoping to buy Bitcoin on the cheap, then sell it at a premium as the world flocks to it.
@_date: 2013-03-19 19:45:56
I agree.  I didn't include that in the interest of simplicity.  
"Tower of Babel" is not an exaggeration for the derivatives.  The BIS stopped tracking them, but my guess is that it's close to $1 Quadrillion right now.  (Quadrillion with a Q).
If you notice though, derivatives didn't become an issue until a decade or so after the US technically defaulted by closing the gold window.
To be honest, before Bitcoin, I didn't have a lot of hope for the Western world in this century.  It was simply, brace for impact and hope my family survives.  Now we have a slim but real chance that we won't have a repeat of Rome falling.
@_date: 2013-04-09 04:40:26
There's not enough space on this forum to adequately address this question.  Your main issue here is overcoming the normalcy bias.  In other words, the average person's understanding of fiat is so off that you start to sound crazy to them really quickly when you start pointing out the man behind the curtain.
It's usually better to go from the standpoint of the strengths of a product than the weaknesses of a competitor when talking about Bitcoin, anyway.
1)  Can't be inflated.
2)  No one government controls it.
3)  Up more than 10x since the start of the year.
4)  Not a part of the banks.
5)  Can't be easily confiscated or frozen by a bailout or government command.
@_date: 2013-03-27 19:48:28
The economist in me wants the chance to see if the rule of law must be imposed on a system like the statists believe, or if it arises naturally from market interactions.
In other words, in the absence of an overarching authority, will Bitcoin develop systems like escrow and rating functions for services that function to naturally police the market without big brother protecting you?  My guess is yes, yes it will.
@_date: 2013-04-30 16:00:20


I think that you need to do some more reading.  The guilds aren't keeping the blockchain safe, they are simply a way to mine with less than massive hashing power and still get paid through combined efforts.  Putting centralized government(s) in charge of the blockchain will have the same result as putting them in charge of the Social Security and similar trust funds...a mess of IOU's with the real assets taken and spent.  You'd find that they would quickly decide to fork the chain to print and spend massive amounts of new Bitcoins, "for the public good in this time of emergeancy", of course.
And please leave your "nerd" prejudice at the door.
@_date: 2013-03-19 23:55:26
Wow, my first tip.  Thank you!
@_date: 2013-04-02 04:19:51


This is the case with any "gorilla" (see The Gorilla Game).  The market is pricing in the added utility of Bitcoin ahead of the adoption curve, so it will never look reasonably priced until it's fully matured and stabilized.  This stable point will either be near-zero (if Bitcoin hits a fatal snag), or insanely high, even compared to today, given its advantages over all of the other payment methods currently available.
@_date: 2013-04-30 16:20:12
1)  LiteCoin will take care of itself (positive or negative) over time, depending on how much actual utility it has.
2)  Bitcoin will do the same.  If it really is the currency of the future, it will prove out no matter what.
**If Litecoin is bad, then let people learn a lesson about due diligence.  And you can't really think about what would have happened if they had gotten into Bitcoin instead, because that's telling someone else that they don't deserve to decide what to do with their money, because you're smarter and better educated on the subject.  If that's the case, then I know of a group of Phd Economists that need ALL of your money right now...**
We don't need to go on a quest to do this.  It will take care of itself.
And, for the record, hasn't exactly been hospitable to them.  (And no, I don't want to get into a technical discussion at this point of why that might or might not be justified.
To the outside world, this looks like Star Trek fans arguing over whether "The Cage" was one or two episodes.  Or whether Star Wars or Star Trek is better.  It's petty and inconsequential.  In the Bitcoin/Litecoin debate, it's petty because you're telling them that you're smarter than they are, and it's inconsequential because the market will sort it out anyway.
If Litecoin is bad, then let people learn a lesson about due diligence.
@_date: 2013-04-09 04:16:50
Basic investing rule.  Cover your risk/reward.  Might I suggest a logarithmic cash out method?  Choose a multiplier based on the price when you came in (every 2x, 5x, 10x increase in price, for example) with higher multipliers for early adopters, and lower ones for those who bought recently or will buy at an even higher price than today's, and cash out 10% of your remaining Bitcoin every time you hit your multiplier.  That way you are always in, but at some point you'll always be positive in the investment.
If you bought 50 Bitcoins at $12.50 each, and want to use a 10x multiplier:
Then cash out 5 Bitcoins at $125.00,
cash out 4.5 Bitcoins at $1250.00,
If you bought 50 Bitcoins at $75.00 each, and want to use a 3x multiplier:
Then cash out 5 Bitcoins at $225 each,
cash out 4.5 Bitcoins at $675 each.
Once you have your basis out, then you can decide whether to go for a higher multiplier, or not.
@_date: 2013-03-29 19:50:08
History follows a pattern...
1)  Pure gold.
2)  Banked gold.
3)  Certificates that are redeemable for gold held in the bank.
4)  Bankers print more certificates than they have gold, knowing that "they can't all withdraw at once."  They often do, in a mass panic.
5)  Government takes over the printing of the certificates to stabilize the crashes.
6)  Government gets into a war or a social entitlement administration and prints too many certificates in order to pay for it.
7)  People, or other countries realize that the government has overprinted, and demand the gold back.
8)  Faced with more notes than gold, the government in question closes their gold window, outlaws contracts that tie prices to the value of gold, and demands that people use new certificates, not tied to gold.  (Fiat currency).
9)  Without having to pay anything back, government largesse eventually causes an overprinting of fiat certificates to the point that it's obvious that the certificates aren't worth anything; except that they can't use anything but them as currency.
10)  Eventually, the value of the currency falls below barter utility, and a value rebellion occurs.  The value of the currency collapses to near zero in a cycle of the government having to print more, or add zeros to what they print in an effort to squeeze out enough value to meet their internal and external obligations.  But the citizenry is always just a little bit more skeptical than the latest zero, causing a further value decline with each zero printed.  (In a modern, digital economy, that would equate first to each stimulus or bailout having less effect then the last, until finally the government is creating money at an insane speed to just keep afloat, then eventually leading to a rapid collapse in value per unit.)
11)  Depending on the severity of the collapse, and whether there are other stable currencies that can be used to back new certificates, go back to step 1, 3, 5, or 8, and repeat the cycle.
There's a raging debate between the formal, government approved Keynesians, who say that prices are relative and that's there's no evidence of anything being wrong, and many naysayers, who believe that we are somewhere in the beginning to middle of step 10, above.
@_date: 2013-04-10 15:13:16
I really am tired of the cries of "Hoarding!"  It used to be called saving, and it's just a way for the media to put a negative spin on the prudent and savvy.  
**And if the first adopters make a billion dollars off of Bitcoin, then let them.  They created or helped to unleash a world changing technology that will benefit everyone.**
Beware thinking in terms of "hoarding", it can come back and bite you.
The day may come when the results of the Euro crisis and the currency wars are in, and the only reason you're feeding you kids and friends are because you have Bitcoin.  And then you might see people claiming that you're hoarding because you were smart enough to take out a tiny bit of insurance in 2013 in the form of Bitcoin.  Their bank accounts, IRA's, and businesses had all been raided for the "common good", but you didn't have to share in that suffering, and are therefore somehow evil.
edit:  The wording "hoarder" is something that governments use to vilify people who refuse to be bullied by them, and to make the general victims feel justified and happy with being victimized.
@_date: 2013-04-10 03:57:19
Patric Henry sure as hell would.
@_date: 2013-04-02 03:59:29
Thanks for the $10, (as least hopefully), or the $1.  :)
@_date: 2013-04-15 15:59:42
I agree.  It's a lot of wasted resources for no really good outcome.
@_date: 2013-03-21 16:10:54
[I LIEK CHOCOLATE MILK!](
@_date: 2013-05-23 05:46:49
I find it highly interesting that Bitcoin is so very outside the system that they are having such a hard time defining it.
@_date: 2013-04-13 01:20:21


Yea, I understand that, but it seems to me that bonds are a very sickly type of insurance when interest rates can't go down.
@_date: 2013-04-05 02:51:01
Or you could look at it this way.  I have $100 slated for expenses this month, so I buy $100 worth of Bitcoins.  But the value of Bitcoins increases by 30% this month, leaving me with, say 15% extra after I spend my $100 over that month's time.  
Pocket the Bit-change, and put in another $100 for next month.
Hmmm...might need to expand on that in another post.
@_date: 2013-03-21 05:45:42
It gets pretty complicated, and basically boils down to the belief that government spending through debt is different from the normal money supply.  (I believe that this would only be true if that increase in government debt was paid back very quickly, which it never is.)
Here's an example of this kind of thinking, as written by Aris Protopepedakis of the Philadelphia Federal Reserve Bank and Jeremy Siegal of the University of Pennsylvania.
Example quote:  "They find no strong evidence that debt growth predicts monetary growth..."
@_date: 2013-03-22 03:55:00
Econometrics and empirical studies won't give accurate results if you've poisoned your data pool.  The problem right now is that concepts like ceteris parabus (all things being equal) are currently incapable of separating out single variate effects in a system were the effects of heavy controls, monopolistic behavior, direct market manipulation, and political tinkering all blend into one big Gordian knot.  Every variable is heavily auto-correlated with a huge number of other variables, making empirical studies at best useful within only a short term time frame and scope.
We're swimming in a big fish bowl of fiat currency and Keynesian market manipulation, unable to accurately study what life might be like for the air breathers.
As for economics being a science, I'd rather be a philosopher than try to outsmart the market and its natural efficiency.  Modern economists crowing about getting rid of downturns is like a tree laughing at killing the gardener that cuts off its dead limbs.  
@_date: 2013-03-28 13:50:22
1)  Because that's the point that the gold and silver bugs stop laughing and start seriously looking.  
2)  It could also be the point that Bitcoin to gold ATM's start cropping up, as an ounce is both a convenient measurement and a significant unit.  (It could be grams, but we're already beyond that.)  And suddenly getting out into fiat isn't so important anymore.
3)  At some point, the general media will go from "It's dangerous!", and "Bubble!", to being afraid of not predicting the next Microsoft or the next major market, and this could be their tipping point.  Not saying that it absolutely will be, but it could.
4)  The serious and larger players will suddenly realize that this upstart currency has just out staged the historical all time king of money (gold) as a store of value.  There are other milestones that involve currencies, $500, $1,0000, etc.., but that's just a fiat comparison, and it might just mean that Bitcoin is showing the effects of overprinting in those currencies, but as Bitcoin outruns gold in price, it's proving that it's gaining in value as well, and may need to be incorporated into a wealth defense strategy.
5)  It makes for some seriously sexy news stories that are easily digestible by the common consumer with simple, written in bold, headlines.
6)  Getting to gold's price is just about enough time for 10% of the population to have heard of Bitcoin, and the above news stories could be the tipping point where the bandwagon effect begins to kick in.  "Hurry, hurry, hurry folks, get on or you'll miss out!"
@_date: 2013-05-23 12:32:21
Maybe I'm missing that point, but I don't see where the article mentions the Byzantine Generals problem.  (Although I do agree with you that it applies very neatly to the blockchain processing sanity and integrity checking of individual transactions, with some minor modifications)
But you do touch upon my primary point here by saying that Bitcoin can't just be printed into infinity by fiat whim.  Gold also shares that feature, through it's large internal atomic structure that requires the energy of a supernova to manufacture from lesser elements.
Oh, and for the record, his "nightmare" scenario for gold bugs...






... is an academic exercise only.  The modified technology multiplier on Adam Smith's equation blows this up, not to mention the fact that no population or government ever seems to resist the lure of overprinting for war or entitlements over any amount of time.
@_date: 2013-03-21 02:55:21
Hayek would be proud.  All excellent points.
Okay, to begin...
A currency where monetarist theory can't be used due to loss of money supply and interest rate manipulation is the death knell for the Keynesians.  Their entire temple and priest structure is built around fractional reserve banking and its resultant credit structure, and their ability to manipulate the economy for the leaders of their countries.
So they have a lot riding on this, and Bitcoin is the abomination (a type of money that they can't "magically" multiply and manipulate) that they thought they had eradicated with the end of the gold standard.
So they are going to be seriously MOPEing (Management of Perception Economics) on this by using some seriously dis-logistic terms.
First up, the use of the term "deflation".  Formally, there are two types of deflation.  Monetary deflation (shrinking money supply) and price deflation (shrinking prices).  To a Keynesian, they are pretty much the same thing, since they believe that one invariably follows another.  (Strange though, that they believe that price inflation can be controlled even in the face of monetary inflation, but that's a debate for another day.)  They also associate price deflation with depression, since that is their nightmare scenario in Keynesland, a "liquidity trap" where banks won't lend, credit stalls, demand plummets, and prices then fall like a stone.
**But neither the current Keynesians, nor the current Austrians (OP excepted) seem to understand the third type of deflation, efficiency deflation, where prices against a fixed currency fall because it *costs less* for the manufactures to produce items through increased efficiency, and a portion of those reduced costs are passed on to the consumer in the form of lowered prices.**
**(Please and thank you!  This would be a paradise for the general citizen.  Dropping prices and rising value for their savings.)**
But, it does come with a cost.  Credit under such a system is difficult.  You won't have banks that can take someone's $1 and then lend it out 8.5 more times at 10x the interest, each time, so there will be vastly fewer loans available.  Generally, this will be made up by the savings factor, but in specific cases it can be catastrophic for the individual.  Additionally, many current and popular governmental social programs would be simply unaffordable under such a system.
And I'm sure that there will be a lot more miss-namings in the future as the Keynesians struggle to MOPE their way out of anyone trusting Bitcoin.
Now, on to the final point.  **Bitcoin isn't deflating, it is revaluing itself against the other currencies.  Since its current and potential usefulness as both a savings vehicle and as a unit of trade is generally greater than any other fiat currency, it is gaining in value against them.**  This makes it look like it is deflationary, when it is in fact, simply finding its natural value.  It may eventually become a deflationary currency, but that is a very long way down the road.
@_date: 2013-03-22 18:00:47
Well it's about time!  Goodness knows we couldn't survive without complicated, stifling, incomprehensible rules and regulations.  I mean, what would we do with all of that extra time?  Get involved with ne'er-do-wells in pool halls, that's what!
@_date: 2013-04-28 16:36:54
Even if it were possible to centralize Bitcoin for this, it still wouldn't work.  Because Bitcoin has a short term, relatively fixed supply, it shares certain characteristics with commodities.  One of which is the reaction that you get when you attempt to price fix.  You either end up with no buyers or no sellers, the exchanges lock up, and the real price still trades on the gray market.  (Which I think would be ironic if a gray market currency had to create a grey market from itself to establish a price.)
The truest irony would be that a bank freeze on the exchanges would have exactly the same gray market creating effect.
I think that Max is a brilliant man, and this is completely out of character for him to suggest catering to central banking and governmental authority, so it either is someone who hacked his accounts, or he's doing this force us to look at this issue before we have to so do "under the gun" so to speak.
Or he may just have forgotten to take his Ritalin that day, but I doubt it.  (Note:  I don't actually know that he has ADD, but DAAAAAAAAMN, have you ever watched him get really worked up?  Even his hair is hyperactive!)
@_date: 2013-04-12 02:01:12
Only if you take the time to think about it...
Mission accomplished.
@_date: 2013-05-23 12:35:24
Read some of my other posts, and you'll see that I'm not.  
My point here is to get you thinking about the intrinsic value of Bitcoin over other, more traditional forms of currency, above and beyond it's pure speculative value.  A hand can't hold tightly that which it doesn't value or understand.  Even diamonds will be traded away for trinkets if you don't know what makes them special.  But I'll throw a couple of my points up there now via edit, as a goodwill gesture.
@_date: 2013-03-20 20:02:43
This is the dichotomy that is used to trap us.  "Do you want this bad thing, or this worse thing?".  
The reality is that there are some difficult decisions that should have been made a long time ago, and we're going to have the hangover from the fiscal party that we've been throwing for decades, whether we want it or not.
It's a raw deal.  One that was begun before we were even born.  But it looks like we're the ones that will see the end of the party.
@_date: 2013-04-09 03:54:03
Please, please, please...
Say it can't get to $100K!
Just say it!...put it out into the universe as a challenge...
Please?   @_@
@_date: 2013-04-13 02:21:31
I personally think that the real issue that needs to be addressed is the whole "deflation" argument.  The current rise in Bitcoin pricing is a currency revaluation, rather than any kind of deflationary effect.  And most of the deflationary argument is null anyway, at least unless the fiats self-destruct completely and Bitcoin takes their place.  (I'll leave the likelihood of that conjecture out of this discussion, but suffice it to say that Bitcoin's "deflationary" nature has no more effect on the current credit based fractional reserve banking system than does gold as an alternative.  This is not to say it can't change, though.)
I would personally surmise that the price of Bitcoin is a function of two factors currently working in tandem.  The first is a simple multiplier of the utility of having a low counterparty risk (little to no chance of bank or governmental seizures against private wallets due to the distributed nature of the ledger), moderately private, near-frictionless (almost no fees to transact between parties), near inflationless (monetary inflation), currency, multiplied by the network effect.
utility^nodes = price in fiat
In other words, having such a currency that you can only transact with one or two people is of little value, but as that number of people who are willing to trade in the currency grows, the total utility of the currency grows exponentially.  Given that supply is constrained, this increased utility is being reflected as a change in the exchange rate between Bitcoins and the fiat currencies.
Additionally, the market is currently anticipating the future utility of the expanding number of nodes on a basis greater than are currently available.  In other words, the price is front running the growth of the market.  This is fairly normal for a disruptive technology curve.  As example, the price of Cisco and Microsift always looked expensive until they reached a market maturity stage.  The effect that this is currently having is to stress test the infrastructure in advance of the usage curve, and to encourage the entry of speculators, which has destabilized the price.  Hence the two mini-bubbles that we have thus far seen.
This instability in price is not necessarily a bad thing, as it provides a disincentive toward hoarding.  If you will do a little diagramming or game theory of the elasticity between saving and spending each unit of increased value in a situation where the value of a currency is rising, but unstable to a degree of up to 50%, I think that you'll find that the added instability provides an incentive to put a portion of each gained unit of value toward spending.
After the full valuation occurs, whatever that value is eventually at, the incentive for hoarding should drop significantly.
As for transactional stability in a volatile valuation scenario, it seems to me that merchants under the current conditions are at a heavy incentive to adopt Bitcoin.  Even with the current 50%+ decline in price, we're still at a huge advance from the beginning of the year.  Additionally, services exist that allow a merchant to take Bitcoin, then instantly be paid in all or partial fiat.  That means that the merchant can immediately repurchase goods while deciding what percentage of Bitcoin they would like to keep from their profits.
Loans are more of a difficulty with Bitcoin.  In this case, it is akin to the pre-fiat gold standard, where loans were scarce, and usually only granted in cases where the venture could prove that they could reliably use that loan to create and capitalize upon enough new efficiencies in an economy to justify the loan plus interest.  At current, since Bitcoin is operating parallel to the fractional reserve system, the question of whether this will effect the loans in an entire economy is mostly academic.  If Bitcoin or another fractionless currency were to take the place of the the fiats, then we would get into that 100 year old argument between Keynes and Hayek with a bit of Mises thrown in for good measure.
As for volatility.  As I see it, the adoption curve encourages the early adopters to spend or convert as the price increases, thereby putting a breaking effect on the growth curve of the price.  This is little different from the capitalization stages that most companies go through (Personal capital, to VC and private placement, to IPO), and there are very little market disruptions in this process, even if the valuation of the early adopters is higher than the later adopters.  I apologize for the cludgey analogy, as this is not a corporation, but the process seems similar to me.
Your thoughts?
@_date: 2013-04-09 03:57:04
Fortunately, I'm one of those "run towards the UFO" types.
@_date: 2013-03-30 13:15:25
Might I suggest that you pick up a few yourself?  As Bitcoin becomes a more commonplace payment system, more and more people will be using it.  And there are only about 11 million Bitcoin in existence right now.  Even with not counting those outside America, and not counting those who are holding for savings, that means there are less than .035 Bitcoin per person.  If the average transaction price used is $50, and adjusting for the current velocity of immediate demand noney [vMZM= 1.391]( you get a price of $1025.88 per Bitcoin, or $1.03 per mBTC (thousandth of a Bitcoin).
This is just one of many uses that this may be used for.  As a savings vehicle that locks Bitcoin away from transactional use, those Bitcoins will represent slower moving value, and could effectively reduce that amount of transactionally available Bitcoin significantly, pushing up it's price.
@_date: 2013-04-02 04:05:20
Seriously though, you'd give up fapping for 1000 days straight for slightly more than the current cost of a McDouble each day?  Bad trade!  (Unless you somehow used that money to find a girlfriend.)
@_date: 2013-03-28 05:36:13
Magic will happen when we reach parity with an ounce of gold.  Serious magic.  :)
@_date: 2013-05-23 06:42:02


Seriously, this writer has no concept of the primary difference between fiat and gold/silver.  That being that precious metals, when used as money, represent a store of value that fiat currencies can never achieve due to the relative east with which governments can print more.
Furthermore, fiat currencies are exactly that "by command" because governments have to issue edicts for their use.  Otherwise no one would be willing to accept them for payment.  And even then those governments usually have to begin the process by backing the currency with gold/silver before taking it off and making it fiat.  People started using gold all on their own, and have returned to it time and again.  Calling it a "fiat commodity currency" (new one to me) doesn't change the fact that all fiat currencies have eventually collapsed, but gold never has.  (It is instead abandoned by governments who wish to avoid the consequences of overspending).
@_date: 2013-05-23 05:41:54
I just heard that they'll be putting this up once they edit all of the footage.  I'll try to get a link for it as soon as I can.
@_date: 2013-04-12 05:27:55
Agreed, we're in "falling knife" territory here.  Here's what I think.
If you're:
A)  In the investment for the long haul.  I'm talking 2-5 years, with a firm belief that Bitcoins are something that you want to be part of for more reasons than just riding the train up.
B)  You're in a position where putting money into Bitcoin won't either hurt you if you can't access it, or make you lose sleep if the price continues to fall.  And you won't hate yourself forever if Bitcoin never fully recovers.
Feel free to invest now.
Otherwise, we're in crash mode right now, and I'm personally waiting for a confirmation from the market that it's at the bottom.  (This may take a month or even a year.)  Although it could just simply rebound, so no one really knows.
@_date: 2013-03-28 14:09:06
Yea, we could call this the M0 or M1 of Bitcoin (wallets may eventually count as cash demand accounts), but it's easier to understand by the common investor to say "market cap", although that can lead to some misunderstandings as to what Bitcoin actually is.
@_date: 2013-03-21 14:42:39
Excellent thought there.
@_date: 2013-03-28 02:30:26
In combination with a good, fire resistant safe, it would work.  But I wouldn't go with a cheap model, or even a standard gun safe if you've got a lot of Bitcoin keys or other valuables to protect.
[safe cracked](
[gun safe pried open in 5 minutes](
When Bitcoin truly explodes, you'll want something serious, like a [brown tl-30 burglary and fire safe](  They're quite expensive, but built like an armored tank, and I figure that a lot of the subreddit will be able to afford one by the time that they need it.
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:08:43
Okay, so I should have said.  "No bad current price point."  Thank you for pointing that out.  And I'm not above selling a top to buy a bottom.  I do find it interesting that you can make a judgement on my expertise in the market by simply looking at one statement.  Did you happen to see my other current post?
@_date: 2013-03-26 16:25:37
Call me what you want, it doesn't change the fact that the Keynesian model is actively collapsing as we debate.  When monetarist theory was first implemented, only tiny changes were needed to "adjust" the economy.  Today, the central bankers are practically having to nuke the economies of the world with cash to stave off the "contaigen" of a collapse caused by bankers emboldened to take insane risks because they know they'll be bailed out anyway.  Cause breeds effect, and a system that rewards inefficient and reckless behavior is doomed to failure.
**Do you even realize thar Lord Keynes died knowing that he had failed to keep his own theory in check?  By his own theory, governments must pull back stimulus and entitlement in the good economic times or his proposed system collapses.**  Governments haven't done this, and they won't until the entire thing comes crashing down on our heads.
**Keynes was a brilliant man, but he underestimated the seductive political appeal of a seemingly free lunch.**
@_date: 2013-04-11 00:46:47
So what's your basis of proof for this?  As far as I can tell, more merchants are adopting Bitcoin all the time, in addition to it being used for charity work.  And as I was saying in a previous thread, .02 Btc will now get you a latte.  If Starbucks took Bitcoin this minute, I'd be in danger of caffeine poisoning, because a cup of Joe there is so cheap.
Additionally, almost all data sets available are dependent on banking systems being in place.  Banks and fractional lending have been the common thread in almost every "deflationary" event on record.  We've yet to see what happens when the real money isn't being replaced ten fold by script or fiat.
Finally, I just love this straw man argument.  We simply don't have a big enough economy (yet) to be pointing fingers and saying "See!  This is why we can't have nice things!"  
But feel free to keep towing the Keynesian line.  Time will tell who's right on this.
@_date: 2013-04-02 03:00:18
And if someone tips you 10 BTC, then what?
@_date: 2013-03-20 19:38:52
Oh, and you redirected my question.  So exactly why should the citizens give money to a government that just hands it over to another group without representation from the people?
@_date: 2013-03-20 19:30:21
You're assuming that I'm  defending a stance of no taxes.  I'm not, neither am I saying that I don't pay taxes.  But I have no moral issue whatsoever with anyone who believes in starving a government that refuses to represent its people.
"I think the most common retort to your argument would be something along the lines of "Well why don't you go live in Somalia then if you think you'd be better off with no taxes and 0% government?""
That old straw man needs some new stuffing.  I think that we can both agree that you're smart enough to not need to stoop to that.  If good people left this country every time they disagreed, we would never be who we are, or have accomplished what we have, even if we are losing it now.
I might also add, that if there was a political way to ensure that the government was more responsible fiscally, then this discussion would be a very different one.  We tried that.  We voted in an entire new class of congressmen because we didn't like what the old ones were doing.  But it made no real difference in a very short time.
@_date: 2013-03-28 14:14:30




This could also happen when pricing switches to mBTC, if the newscasters suddenly decide that it's a "split".  (Yes, I know its not correct, but I doubt they'll care if the news is attractive enough.)
@_date: 2013-03-20 12:37:40
A revaluation of one currency against another is not deflation.  It only looks like deflation in the short term.  Krugman, and most others who fire from the hip without actually looking at this aren't even close to being correct.
Oh no!  The USD is DEFLATIONARY against the Argentian Peso!  EVERYBODY PANIC!!!
@_date: 2013-04-09 18:59:35
The random number generator at random.org likes you.  You get the coffee!
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:45:34
Personally, I've been really kicking myself for not knowing about Bitcoin sooner, and at a better entry price.  If I can get some at $5, I'll be happy.  If the price somehow rebounds above $150, I'll be happy (but not as happy as getting some at $5 first.)
Basically, since I'm buying based on the future utility of this, there's no bad price point, only how many I can get.
@_date: 2013-03-22 19:23:21
This proves that people are generous by nature when they don't have someone forcing them to give, then deciding where that goes with minimal input.
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:31:43
Wow, thank you for the generous tip!
@_date: 2013-04-12 05:32:26
Um...this is exactly what Bitcoin is trying to solve.  The problem of centralized currencies and banking systems backed by a "reserve"...
The theory that the free market must be controlled, monitored, and forced for behave had been tried, and is in the process of failing right now.
@_date: 2013-03-29 02:49:33
Yes, it's in a bubble, just like the internet was in in 1999, but that doesn't mean that there's not value here, and lots of it.  And I personally doubt that we've even begun to have the market penetration and speculative awareness that we are heading towards, so it's a baby bubble at this point.  Lastly, any emerging technology that is vastly superior to the market will have stock prices that always look expensive at the time, but cheap six months down the road.  This isn't a stock, but I really believe that this is a technology paradigm shift, and will eventually build a value that reflects that.
@_date: 2013-03-29 02:06:46
I don't think we're anywhere near that at this time.  If the government were to do this, then they'd want a LOT of people left with a bad taste in their mouths, not just the Americans, but anyone in the world capable of holding and keeping the value of a Bitcoin above a near zero level.  We're nowhere near the market penetration necessary to accomplish that...yet.
Let's talk when the number of wallets starts to exceed 100 million.  
Also, why use official government money when the powerful and their friends can ride the gravy train up while their media outlets fan the bubble, then quietly sell into the frenzy, just before a major DOJ action against the Bitcoin exchanges is announced?
I personally won't worry about this kind of action until I hear Jim Cramer mooing "BUY!, BUY!, BUY!" when asked about Bitcoin.
edit:  As to whether they're accumulating it right now for later use, I don't know.
@_date: 2013-04-02 04:32:22
Thank you for the tip, sir!
@_date: 2013-03-20 19:51:51
"I agree that's an unfair retort, and it is almost certainly possible to do a lot better than the status quo, along libertarian lines. So now we're arguing instead about magnitudes, i.e. just HOW BAD or HOW GOOD is the government? And I'm saying "I don't know". But I'd argue you don't know either."
If you care to, go and read The Federalist Papers and The Anti-Federalist Papers, which comprise the founding fathers' debate on the role and scope of a government, and what constitutes a just and good government.  I think that you'll find an answer to that question there.
My personal opinion is that if we're willing to settle for anything less than a great government, then we get what we deserve.
@_date: 2013-03-20 12:29:32
That sounds like a phishing attempt to me.  Be very careful.  I've never seen a blockchain.info wallet require personal information.
@_date: 2013-04-09 19:16:48
+tip ฿.02 verify
@_date: 2013-04-12 02:08:59
To be as gentle as possible, studies prove that people who look to themselves to learn from adversity do vastly better in life than people who look for an external person, situation, group, or circumstance to blame when things go wrong.  While I can't say that MtGox handled this well, looking for a lawsuit to join might very well make you worse off over time than the community coming together to figure out what the real issues are and proposing fixes to them.
The blanket response to a lawsuit is to limit exposure to risk for everyone so they can't get taken by a similar circumstance.  This unfortunately, has the effect of limiting the freedom of choice of everyone else, and thereby also limits their potential prosperity.
@_date: 2013-03-21 16:10:05
Interesting game theory here, but most of the posters haven't considered the sheer perverse pleasure that people get by down voting EVERYTHING in a tread like this, only to upvote the absolutely most inane comment here.
I'll post an example next. 
@_date: 2013-03-28 14:27:44
I love this quote...


Get a job, Bitcoin!  :)