@_author: phreaknik
@_date: 2018-08-10 14:55:39
To enable automated/recurring electricity payments, Grid+ has built a hardware wallet and account abstraction framework that let's the user set up accounts, payees, payment limits and terms. Basically all the things you would need to setup with your bank or credit card to enable safe recurring payments with your utility company.
At minimum it is a hardware wallet that allows you to use any combination of chip cards to use and/or backup private keys. What's cooler, is that it enables recurring payments and automatic transactions in a secure way, without trusting your keys to a 3rd party service.
If this gets traction it could be useful for recurring payments for all sorts of businesses, not just the Grid+ electricity business.
@_date: 2019-01-07 05:05:43
You are failing to account for supply/demand on the energy side. Will energy stay at 4c / kWh (using your example number) if mining demand grows to the point that it begins to stress energy markets? Likely the average energy cost will rise, before Bitcoin energy consumption grows to that point.
You have fair points, but I think by treating energy cost as a fixed constant, you may be missing half the problem
@_date: 2019-01-14 07:49:02
Yes... Even if you receive digital euros through a legitimate transaction, the police/bank may retroactively "confiscate" those euros from your digital bank account (ie if the customer that t paid you was a drug dealer). This can happen even if you had nothing to do with the drug dealer's illegal activities.
Traceability makes cash (even digital euros) less fungible and therefore less valuable. You are clearly fortunate enough not to have been in that situation, but trust me, other innocent people get burned by this all the time.
@_date: 2019-01-03 05:48:56
Who says our current system works great? Sure, if you live in a stable country you can amass, store, and access wealth without much difficulty, but what about countries with hyperinflation or oppressive governments?
Bitcoin wasn't created to help an American buy another cup of coffee at Starbucks (although that is a likely eventuality). You are right, USD already works fine for that. Bitcoin was created to help people like the Venezuelans or Iranians who don't know if their paycheck will be worth anything in a few days/weeks. Bitcoin was created for the political dissident in Saudi Arabia who can't trust the local bank not to report him to authorities.
If you don't want to use Bitcoin, then don't. But if you are wondering who will actually use Bitcoin, it is the people who are not fortunate enough to have a functional financial system they can access.
@_date: 2019-01-03 06:34:30
I guess that depends on your perspective. If it enables people around the world to have the ability to amass, store, and transfer wealth in a way they weren't able to before, wouldn't that be considered revolutionizing the world?
We are entering a new era where no one can be denied free and equal access to a global monetary system. I like to think that is pretty revolutionary, but hey, maybe I'm just easily impressed :)
@_date: 2019-01-03 05:52:13
Any of the millions of people in the world who don't have access to a functional monetary system.
Bitcoin wasn't created to help an American buy another cup of coffee at Starbucks (although that is a likely eventuality). You are right, USD already works fine for that. Bitcoin was created to help people like the Venezuelans or Iranians who don't know if their paycheck this week will be worth anything next week. Bitcoin was created for the political dissident in Saudi Arabia who can't trust the local bank not to report him to authorities.
If you don't want to use Bitcoin, then don't. But if you are wondering who will actually use Bitcoin, it is the people who are not fortunate enough to have access to a functional financial system.
@_date: 2019-01-04 07:36:44
Warning! This product is not a secure offline wallet as advertised. Anyone considering using this product should read this thread first:
@_date: 2019-01-07 04:50:14
I would love to see a good write-up highlighting the similarities and differences between payment channels and bank notes. I would hate to see us rebuild a digital version of the same system that has burned us time and again.
History of paper money:
1) gold coins are currency
2) gold is cumbersome to use / secure, so wealthy people begin leaving their gold with goldsmiths in exchange for a paper receipt for that gold.
3) people begin trading these paper receipts instead of actual gold
4) Most people begin to refuse to accept gold as payment, due to it's cumbersome use (heavy, hard to subdivide, hard to keep safe, etc), and people begin to solely use paper notes for currency.
5) the average person must now trust his/her wealth with goldsmiths and trust them to handle their wealth honestly.
6) Goldsmith guilds become banks, treasuries, etc.
7) Banks begin to manipulate the currency, printing more notes and leveraging their ownership of the gold to manipulate commerce, politics, etc
Possible history of Bitcoin?:
1) Bitcoin is used as currency
2) Bitcoin is slow and expensive to use, so people commit their Bitcoin to lightning channels
3) Fewer on-chain transactions and reducing block rewards lead to high transaction fees to support chain security
4) in time, on-chain fees become so expensive that most people cannot afford to withdraw their funds from lightning channels
5) The average person is forced to leave most of their wealth in lightning channels and trust the lightning network for security, instead of the Bitcoin blockchain.
6) Major / well connected lightning nodes now have the ability to view and censor most transactions on the lightning network. Lightning nodes grow large and influential, similar to goldsmith guilds and banks of old
Now of course a cryptographically enforced ledger makes the lightning network many times better than the gold note analogy, but are we still setting ourselves up for many of the same problems that have always plagued fiat currencies before Bitcoin? Are we creating a future where a few LN nodes become very large, influential, and able to affect people's financial well-being?
@_date: 2019-01-14 07:57:13
Mixers are hardly a sufficient replacement for true fungibility.
1) Mixers are trusted services. Law enforcement could coerce or hack mixer operators to trace coins through the mixer.
2) Even if a mixer is not coerced or hacked into cooperating with surveillance, law enforcement can also track coins through mixers by flooding mixers with "known" transactions.
Mixers might keep your mom from seeing where you spend your lunch money, but I wouldn't trust mixers for any truly sensitive transactions
@_date: 2019-01-07 05:23:45
Wouldn't advancements in energy availability (renewables, fusion, etc) just make BTC cheaper? 
More available energy -&gt; decreased electricity cost -&gt; decreased BTC mining cost -&gt; decreased BTC valuation for a certain hash power
@_date: 2019-01-07 05:15:41
Bitcoin total energy COST must go up 60x, not necessarily just energy consumption. How do your calculations change if electricity costs are driven to 6c per kWh? Now BTC consumption must only go up 30x to sustain $1MM valuation.
It's a multivariate problem. Theoretically the price should approach a point where consumer demand, mining efficiency, and global energy availability balance out. Hard to predict consumer demand, but mining efficiency and energy supply are somewhat predictable.
@_date: 2019-01-14 08:06:00
To your point, yes, a savvy merchant would refuse to accept money with a criminal history. Unfortunately, most merchants do not realize the criminal history of cash they accept until it is too late. Fortunately a small 10 Euro confiscation is not very likely, but larger amounts become more risky.
A counter example: If you try to make a large purchase with cash, ie at a car dealership, it is not uncommon for the dealership to limit how much cash they will accept and/or require you to provide KYC info. They do this precisely because they do not want to risk the money being confiscated as a result of illegal gains. This would not be possible if cash was truly fungible.
@_date: 2019-01-14 07:36:02
Yes, that cash would be worth less. Most countries in the world limit what you can do with cash, and/or require KYC to use cash above a certain amount.
If cash is fungible, then why do entire markets exist for money laundering? Bitcoin suffers even worse traceability, and mixers are hardly a sufficient replacement.
@_date: 2019-01-14 07:40:27
Chain forks (ie BCH) maintain the block history up to the fork, and then start a new history after the fork.
Cose-base forks may simply borrow code, without keeping the chain history. This, however, means that account balances are reset on the resultant chain.
@_date: 2018-12-09 15:25:43
Same things we use to buy USD today. Our goods, services and labor time.