@_author: phreelyfe
@_date: 2018-03-14 08:50:43
with my little trade knowledge i was asking around about the whole 2014-2015 bear market and what would prevent us from dipping the same way, everyone said I was crazy to think another Mt Gox hack would happen.. a month later, Mt Gox happened again, sell offs this time. The market doesn't forget!
Although my 5th wave target shows $3.3K, I noticed the same parabolic rise &amp; dip looking back at the gox days and recognized similar signs of bearishness. 
I don't know how much i think that btc can reach $2M in any time frame, the way you do TA is what's beneficial here, the FA will be up to the trader to use and guide probable trade scenarios. I've also never seen the parabolic predictive measure like you've shown.
Great vid!
@_date: 2018-03-14 09:00:17
well you haven't even seen my analysis and if you've never bothered to look into it, Elliot waves and Fibonacci are 2 parts of the same coin. Markets move in cycles and this is just how people analyze charts to form better price based decisions.
@_date: 2018-03-14 15:37:43
Your views and recommendation is duly noted. 
Just on the point of your analogy, if price action is the car, than fib/wave theory is the map to your destination. if the weather or traffic report distracts you from your ultimate goal, turn it off!
An inexperienced trader may get wrapped up in overstimulation, but we both know when it comes down to the wire, price action is king. 
Whoever puts their entire decision making capability into anything other than whats going on in a live market will get rekt. The point is using the right tool for the specific layer of analysis you may be doing. 
I will definitely check out the book as I love to gather more info on pro strats that are proven to work, and I will discredit nothing until my observation has forced me to.
@_date: 2018-03-14 12:04:40
that's cool dude! i'm not a pro like you, so i wouldn't want to waste your time! I just feel like it was an ignorant comment to say something doesn't work where'd you never bothered to care. price action is great, but why knock other indicators that help your overall decision making capabilities. Its like using a backup cam and never turning your head to look for pedestrians before backing up. 