@_author: picklebutt89
@_date: 2017-04-28 18:33:44
What are you talking about propagandist?  Anyone that is not a dolt can see it would be far better for those that have a vested interest in bitcoin to decide who gets paid to program for bitcoin's sake.  
Saying you want random companies with potentially ulterior motives to pay for bitcoin development is just propaganda.  
Ok, may as well let the Russian government pay for it since they wanted to kill it at one time...derp.   
This way even if someone didn't have Bitcoin's best interest in mind, they would at least have to buy bitcoin before attempting to game it.  
This also would make those opinions on bitcoin's direction have more accountability for their choices.  They'll want to think twice before endorsing ideas that aren't healthy for bitcoin's growth.  
Anyone using their brain knows I'm right.  
@_date: 2017-04-28 01:37:27


That's ok.  I don't need to be lectured by someone that can't explain to the community how a company he works for intends to make money and pay the people funding it back.  As it stands, they are just giving your company money for---some reason.  All the companies you currently denigrate HAVE a revenue model.  The lack of a revenue model around Blockstream is VERY concerning to all in bitcoin that aren't trolls.
Also, you need to first explain what Blockstream intends to do after Segwit is implemented.  Clearly you and your company are pushing the hell out of it and are not willing to explain why you are unwilling to compromise on block size in any way.  
@_date: 2017-04-28 02:17:39
I'm not changing the subject.  You chose to respond to just a single one of my posts and one I don't care hear your opinion on that.    I would like to know from you the truth about Blockstream's funding and how Blockstream intends to make money with Bitcoin.  Your answer to this is absurd.  No company is going to give you money so your bitcoins can make more money.  No one in their right mind is going to buy that.  That is an out there response.  
So, just tell me how Blockstream intends on paying it's investors back and I'll be gone.  That's all I really want to know.  Motive is important and bitcoin investors have a right to know what Blockstream's motives are since top devs are funded by them.    
Edit:  
Hmm....I missed that part.  An increase in demand for bitcoin related tech.  What bitcoin related tech specifically?
@_date: 2017-04-28 18:23:44
That sounds like propaganda.   
@_date: 2017-04-27 20:26:14
I just want to know how much money Blockstream has paid back to investors.   They were given 100 million...for what?  
@_date: 2017-04-27 23:18:07
What's Blockstream's 2 year plan once Segwit is implemented?  How do you intend to pay back the millions upon millions your company has been given?  This is very relevant to bitcoin and the very reason many are suspicious of your motives.    
Most companies cannot function without a legitimate revenue stream.  Is Blockstream just going to be financed by large special interests forever?  
Your company seems to not care if bitcoin were to fail if it doesn't get what it wants in fact even willing to flirt with alts increasingly taking over the space.  How can you say you are for bitcoin if you don't get your way, you'd rather see it die?
@_date: 2017-04-28 16:59:02
That's not how it would work.  People would vote on which addresses the money went to.  
@_date: 2017-04-28 01:57:33
It absolutely matters WHO funds the developers and what they want in return.  It's disingenuous to pretend otherwise.  Of course the code matters but so too do the decisions and the decision to fight any block size increase is beyond troubling.  
I'd much rather the devs come up with a method to get funding straight from the bitcoin protocol itself than have funding from sources that they are then on the hook to produce the results they expect from.  To what end?   What's the motive?  Motive absolutely matters and to pretend otherwise goes against human understanding at it's core.  Hell, law itself is centered around motive.  
I suggest you stop pretending motive does not matter as it makes you look...hell...evil.  
@_date: 2017-04-28 01:47:31
Yes, you are mistaken.  I'm not interested in your spiel on why Core is so great.  I'm not attacking you politically.  I'm questioning your motives and you are unwilling to explain them.  That is troubling--very troubling.  I don't care about politics.  I care about truth.  Do you?  What's the truth?  How can your company keep getting revenue without a plan to return that money with interest?  Why do you ignore these questions?  This is entirely a trust issue.  Why should we not simply increase the block size to scale on chain.  Your company is adamantly against that.  You refuse to give an inch.  Why?  What is the end game?  How do you plan to use the bitcoin network to pay back your investors?  
@_date: 2017-04-28 17:47:25
That's not how it would work. People would vote on which addresses the money went to.
@_date: 2017-04-27 23:28:07
Compact blocks doesn't help on-chain scaling nearly as well as xthin.  It may as well not be in the same category.  Picking on new technology that is awesome but needs to work out some bugs is dishonest and ingenuous.  It appears your intention is to deride any effort to scale on-chain.    
If I am mistaken, what on-chain scaling efforts do you have your eye on other than the ones your company is currently promoting.   There are many proposed by respected researchers with real credentials.  Which ones do you think are worth experimenting with?
@_date: 2017-04-28 17:34:26
That's not how it would work. People would vote on which addresses the money went to.
@_date: 2017-04-27 21:45:18
Xthin is running in production.  Segwit is still a dream.  It's like comparing wistfully dreaming about an imaginary car  to a production unit.
@_date: 2017-04-28 02:37:38


It would share with the miners.  That is quite just and what should be done.  It's not like the developers don't deserve it.  Of course they do.  It makes perfect sense.  
Now having said all this, honestly I'm at the point of bending the knee.  I don't know what you guys are up to but from my perspective, I guess as long as you don't change the 21 million limit and whatever the hell you do really, really increases the value of bitcoin then I would't be opposed to it.  
Hell, maybe you can't say because you don't want others to get there before you.  Nothing wrong with that.  Honestly I think you just should come out publicly and say you want to raise the block size some (even a small amount) just to get by the politics and move forward.  It has to be raised some in the future anyhow so just do that now to get by the politics and let's move the hell forward.
@_date: 2017-04-28 02:27:39


That's ENTIRELY wrong.  Most WOULD want your funding to come from bitcoin.  The characterization of stealing is disingenuous.  It could be part of the mining process...there have been discussions on this.  Pay the devs part of the new coin creation.   This is FAR better than the millions pouring into Blockstream now for some unknown reason--especially funding just 1.5 devs as you say.  That is absurd.  Who would do that?  To what end.  You make it sound NOT like a dev company but more like something else entirely.  That is just odd...odd odd odd.  No one is going to pay you so YOUR coins go up in value.  That's nuts. 
Outside investors would not pay for the things you're talking about.  That's what hobbyists do.  This isn't sounding right at all.  I don't feel that you're being honest here.  Maybe I'm wrong but those would have to be some awfully self sacrificing investors.  
@_date: 2017-04-27 21:38:47
Only Blockstream...all the other companies provide a service.  What does Blockstream do that justifies the money?  What is the ROI?
@_date: 2017-04-28 07:35:22
You missed the point entirely.  The funding should come directly from the creation of bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-04-28 02:07:36
He only responded to one of my posts.  He cherry picked what he wanted and he's focusing like a laser on THAT while ignoring the other questions.  It's disingenuous.  Any objective reader can see that.  I do not care what he has to say about xthin.  I didn't ask him about that.  I don't care about his opinion on it and it's not my main concern.  
I want to know motive.  What are Blockstream's motives?  What do they intend to do with bitcoin once segwit is activated?  How do they intend to make money?   They are being funded by larger players giving large amounts of money.  They want something in return and it's very likely Blockstream is making decisions and changing Bitcoin to that end while ignoring other solutions and that is not right.   