@_author: picouli
@_date: 2014-07-16 05:31:02
I think you are mixing things here a bit, and more importantly you are missing one important part of how prices are "found"
The price of everything depends on two main factors:
- the balance of demand and supply for that product
- the relative purchasing power of the currency used to buy that product (the "price" in terms of other currencies to buy that currency)
Let's stick to your example and imagine I live in the 90's in Italy and all of the wood in the country is imported from the US. One day a guy called Warren Buffet decides, for his own reasons, to attack the Italian Lira which loses about 20% of its value overnight related to the dollar. All of the sudden all the wood I need to keep making pizzas in my wood-fired oven costs me 20% more - and my demand hasn't increased at all, it was just a very rich guy tossing coins around the world.
Is this free market? Sort of. Is this good? I don't know, but I don't like it.
Bitcoin, being a virtual currency and a "decentralized" (kinda) one has the power to overcome this problem. Just imagine how smart would be a currency which dynamically adjusts its "monetary base" to keep its value (compared to the other currencies) stable, avoiding boom and busts, panics and irrational exuberance.
How could this work? Well I don't know in details (no Nobel prize here yet) but an algorithm could be found that adjusts the supply of coins in response to demand fluctuations. MtGox goes bust? A lot of coins are destroyed. More and more people use Bitcoins? New coins are minted and distributed to keep the value - in terms of fiat money required to purchase coins - stable.
Why is this different than central banks tampering with money supply? Because there is no central banks and no Alan Greenspan's but just a lot of distributed computing power who has no interest apart from keeping the system going respecting the rules of the algorithm.
And note that this will not affect the pricing discovery mechanism: if the need of wood increases price will increase - and since no currency manipulation could happen all this will actually be a lot more efficient as it will all be based on supply and demand, and nothing else.
Now, who would probably be against this? Some early adopters and, especially, speculators (they will not be able to "bet" on purely financial value fluctuations anymore). But do we really want to keep be ruled by the Warren Buffet's of the world? ;)
@_date: 2014-07-16 06:36:43
I am not sure the way Bitcoin works right now is "immune to Warren Buffet kind of people". Who prevents anybody from "attacking" Bitcoin just like any other currency by holding and dumping large amounts of coins or even literally attacking (DDoS'ing or whatever else) exchanges and payment processors? Wouldn't this cause huge drops in value thus bringing "inflation" into this world?
I feel Bitcoin is somehow adapting the "old" currencies mentality to the new tools while the truly new and revolutionary opportunities that a distributed and trust-less currency can create have yet to be discovered...