@_author: pie_now
@_date: 2014-02-14 02:33:11
what do you mean, what is gold backed with?
@_date: 2014-02-14 02:35:31
This is not true. Unless you want to go to the nihilistic statement that nothing is backed by nothing and no one is really alive because we are just a dream. So if that is your position, yeah, I agree with you. If it isn't your position, you're off your nut.
@_date: 2014-02-15 04:24:29
Respond to argument. Linked article.
What is your experience in marketing.
Don't talk about funny. Respond to argument.
@_date: 2014-01-29 18:27:51
Where are the hot asian chicks. OP did not deliver.
@_date: 2014-01-30 00:04:49
I know about the Fed printing dollars, and all the effects that goes along with it.
BTC rate of creation is the exact same thing as printing dollars, but just not as fast a rate. The issue, too, is whatever will happen if demand zooms up. Then the print rate can be *vastly vastly* greater than anything the Fed could grasp. 
There is nothing inherent in Bitcoin being any different than any other currency in relation to inflation. If anything, it can be much worse, as most of the times, the inflation rate is confined to one country/one currency, the bitcoin is transnational. The fallout would be much worse.
Yes, of course I can see that one inflates faster, I just did not see how bitcoin would not inflate at all. That is what I thought everyone was saying. All currencies are different rates from each other every day. But to say bitcoin is totally outside the loop or immune or cushioned from large increases, as far as I can see with the info you have given me, that is totally not the case.
Or am I still not understanding bit coin?
@_date: 2014-02-14 22:51:28
- Poor marketing.
You/bitcoin should really learn marketing. U suck at it.
- Too difficult to use/fuck it - 
you are unwilling to do even cursory reading on the subjects
- Arrogant users. Which is every single user in this sub, to tell the truth, that I've communicated with. Not fun.
Your post is so littered with ~~falsehoods and~~ misunderstandings
- No one uses it.
Fuck this bitcoin shit.
@_date: 2014-02-15 04:31:53
You make statements, not answer comments.
Done here.
@_date: 2014-01-29 19:10:45
Your explanations were very good, and gave me the "framework" that I think I get the boundary of what bitcoin is. I'm in the first world, so I don't need it. I don't do any international stuff, so I don't need it. I pretty much just buy my coffee on Starbucks every day and that's it. Like that.
However, I don't see how bitcoin is not fiat. What is backing it? Gold? Diamonds? Jennifer Lawrence's tits?
You say 80 billion is printed a month - how many bitcoins are printed? If a retail store says something costs $20, and now costs $30, you still have to pay the increase, whether it is dollars or bitcoin, unless the retailer charges differing rates. I mean, you said $200,000K changes. I'd understand if you said this is in an unstable country, where there are two different rates. So this is confusing to me.
What paradigm. I've heard this one a million times in my life. It happens from time-to-time. Rarely. You say 2018, but what does that mean? Do you know what is going to happen then? See the fur
@_date: 2014-02-15 03:57:57
Bitcoin a joke.
Bad marketing. Dumb. Everyone hates it.
@_date: 2014-02-14 04:12:22
There have been a lot of academic studies lately about how the elite stay the elite. There was some study done in England whereby they took very unusual last names and they followed back, way back. As you know, social systems don't matter to the elites - they back both Democrats and Republicans. 
Law, hell, that shit is all based on Roman law from 3000 years ago. Language is more malleable. Money....the elites are going to have it whether rubles, euros, dollars or bitcoin.


Maybe, but pure speculation.


Here is where things go from a good conversation to lala land. It is a complete speculation. Just because things may change, does not mean that they are going to change in the direction you just stated. I'm not saying it won't. I'm just not saying it will. What happens if bitcoin folds in 1 year and no one starts a new one? Then what will you say?
And again, if the bitcoins are available to you and me, they are available to the elites. So what is all this about?
@_date: 2014-02-14 02:23:26


Sing it, brother.  Man, have I ran into some douches on here. I'm only even in this sub cuz you got bestof'd
@_date: 2014-02-14 02:31:26
So what is it. The king is dead. Long live the king? Who is going to be the next elite? Someone's going to have the bitcoin money, and it ain't me. Or if I ask for $50 million in bitcoin, I get it?
Plus, it will NEVER be free from state control. The same as with the internet. I was one of the first on it, and no one knew about it. I knew even then that it was wild west days and the government would slowly take over and censor the internet content, there would be extremely few big winners (Amazon, Paypal, etc).
I think all this language about bitcoin to be extreme rose-colored glasses.
@_date: 2014-01-29 21:04:24
Wow, that was great. I know next to nothing about these bitcoins, and came here to learn pros and cons. Thanks for sharing your views and research.
I like the first 3 paragraphs, which boils down to the maxim You get what you pay for.
@_date: 2014-01-29 19:52:13
I think you were answering someone else's questions and put it in my comment by mistake.
@_date: 2014-01-29 20:53:51
I've seen this claim. I don't understand it.
Let's say a store is charging 20 for an item. Bing bang boom inflation, now costs 30.
So you have to pay more dollars or Euros or pesos. Now, what is the store owner, or business owner going to say, I charge 10 more for every currency, *except* bit coin? Who made this rule up?
This argument of protection from inflation makes no sense. Will you explain it to me?
@_date: 2014-01-30 20:19:51
Naw, that's alright. I'm going to stay off bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-02-14 20:45:39


Yeah, I see what you're saying. A Walmart clerk that dropped out of school in the 9th grade is going to learn all about the Cantilion Effect and Austrian business cycle, after learning calculus, trig, Adam Smith,  Luca Bartolomes Pacioli, as well as the history of the Medici family's banking practices.


Cool, so someone can charge quadruple for someone black, or even worse, on reddit, gay. But, in any case, we were talking about "the elite." You said you'd charge a lot, however, in a large market economy, it does not matter what *you*, as an individual, does. I mean, it does *to you*, but the fact is that "the elites," which I see you have still not defined in your response, for some unknown reason, will still be able to purchase as much as they want in the market, so they will still be on top, doing you doggy style.


Da fuck? I want to buy a piece of gum. I have to exchange $650 for one fucking bitcoin, and then get change in dollars? This whole thing makes no sense.
 &gt;Most people who hold Bitcoins aren't actively trading them. 
Not much liquidity. Makes no sense to get one if people are not even spending them. But you say saving, I say that there is nowhere to spend them. It is like those barter exchanges. Fine in theory, suck in practice. Because there are not enough businesses participating, and people who have what others' want (like printers) gave a lot of unspent credits because nothing to spend it on, and the stuff no one wants in quantity, like bookkeepers, waste away (but they do all right in a big economy).


No. You/bitcoin should really learn marketing. As I said before, a person making a living wrastlin' alligators in Arkansas ain't gonna be doing shit with price theory.


1. No one uses it. Maybe not collapse, but what would be the point.
2. Social engineering. 
3. [Internet hubs crash/sabotages.](
4. Poor marketing
5. Arrogant users. Which is every single user in this sub, to tell the truth, that I've communicated with. Not fun.
6. Too difficult to use/fuck it, tried it once.
7. Bubble and bust. Presumption that population would act rationally.
8. Backdoor. Who knows? It's happened before.
Please answer the question as to who are the elite. I'd like to know your answer. I'm guessing that it is the 7 members of the board of the Fed: Janet L. Yellen, Chair; Daniel K. Tarullo; Sarah Bloom Raskin; Jeremy C. Stein; Jerome H. Powell; 2 vacant, apparently. So if oh, let's say, Jerome H. Powell, came up to you, *to you*, and asked to purchase some of *your*  bitcoin, you’d say “NO” with gusto. Because it could happen.
But I'm jest an ignant gator wrastler from Mississip. I ain't gonna use none of that stuff. C'ain't understand it. I'll leave it up to mah betters – the elites like you.
@_date: 2014-02-15 04:11:42
You know *nothing* of marketing.
Plus, sent you info on what could take bitcoin down/erode confidence. What tiny bit is there.
@_date: 2014-01-30 19:29:55
You know, I am trying to educate myself. That is why I'm on this sub.
What is wrong with you, that you would say something this mean to me?  What did I do to you to wrong you, except not know about Bitcoin?  
That is not very nice to talk to me, or anyone else, that way.
@_date: 2014-01-30 18:32:10
What you are saying does not makes sense. First, Bitcoin is created from nothing. If there is a worldwide demand and all of a sudden 1 trillion dollars of currency is required, then it is going to be created. Second, and directly related to your response, yes, bing bang boom *does* happen. The cost of manufacturing has nothing to do with it. That is why you get the $1,000,000 loaf of bread in hyper inflation. Now, if you are saying that the seller is going to charge different prices for the currency, I don't see that happening (not talking about hyperinflation). Nobody in the US goes to Canada or Mexico if it is 10% more advantageous. Plus, I lived at a border state growing up, and Canadian currency is treated *exactly* like US currency. Nobody is going to go into a car parts company and ask for a 10% discount for a floor mat because he or she is paying with Canadian money, and any business person would look at that person as if they were fucked in the head, before telling them to fuck off. I'm not saying it is the same for someone trading currencies, but that is another thing altogether. But, no, no business is going to put two prices on an item, or they are not going to put 40 prices on it either - Yen, Pound, Euro, Dollar, Bitcoin, Peso, unless as a pure joke - a marketing scheme. The point being that if the dollar is debased by printing, so is Bitcoin. I'm not saying that wouldn't be the case in South Sudan but we're taking about dollars.
@_date: 2014-02-14 05:29:37
Who can't print them? Bill Gates? Or the seven members of the Fed board? Is that it? The "elite" is 7 people in your scenario? 
I'm an above average person, and I have no idea what you're talking about. How is some Mississippi mud farmer going to participate? Or are bit coins for the elite, like you? Are you gunning to be the new elite? Is that it? Out with the old elite, in with the new?


But back to your comment, though.  Are you telling me that every single person sets the price for their own bitcoins? That there is no steady price? I'm sorry, this is all too incomprehensible to me. I can go into an auto dealership and purchase a Ferrari for one bitcoin?  Or is that just on the sell side? Or is this just for "elites" who apparently are limited to the board of directors of the Fed.


I'm just throwing out a theoretical scenario. Are you saying that there is no way ever, never to collapse bitcoin? That it is ironclad?
@_date: 2014-02-14 02:48:13
There are a hell of a lot of people that can stop you in an infinite number of ways.


OK. So the printers and taxers are the elite. Because when you said elite, it was vague. Elite can mean Fortune 500 CEOs, government officials, and so on.
So the printers - are you talking about the actual print money on paper and strike pieces of metal? OR the Fed? And what happens if some unforeseen circumstances occur, somehow, hypothetically, that creates a new Fed? What then? Is everyone that advocated this system going to apologize by killing themselves? It's extreme, but I get tired of hearing about all these pie in the sky solutions all the time.
OK, now on to taxers. Are you talking about the IRS? Or congress? Because if you think that the US government would not tax bitcoin income, that is over the top ignorant. The US government is the only government, I think, that taxes worldwide income. They sure are going to tax bitcoin income. Hell, the US government made the Swiss get to their knees and disallowed them their anonymous banking.
@_date: 2014-01-29 20:56:46


Huh? Wut?
@_date: 2014-01-29 23:36:12
Man, people take out the *one thing* that puts a little levity into my comment, and focus on that, rather than the other serious part....
Good show.
@_date: 2014-01-30 18:43:01
Inflation: Nobody in the US goes to Canada or Mexico if it is 10% more advantageous than the US currency. Plus, I lived at a border state growing up, and Canadian currency is treated exactly like US currency. Nobody is going to go into a car parts company and ask for a 10% discount for a floor mat because he or she is paying with Canadian money, and any business person would look at that person as if they were fucked in the head, before telling them to fuck off. I'm not saying it is the same for someone trading currencies, but that is another thing altogether. But, no, no business is going to put two prices on an item's price tag, and they are not going to put 40 prices on the price tag either - Yen, Pound, Euro, Dollar, Bitcoin, Peso, unless as a pure joke - a marketing scheme. The point being that if the dollar is debased by printing, so is Bitcoin. Some, maybe, but Macys is not going to have 2 prices or more on every tag. I'm not saying that wouldn't be the case in South Sudan, where currency might be unstable,  but we're taking about dollars, euros, yen and pounds..
@_date: 2014-02-14 02:36:02
I'll buy it.
@_date: 2014-01-30 00:22:32
Worst. Video. Ever.
Let's take the geekiest of the geekity, geek, geek, geek, and allow them to speak to other people via YouTube. Also known as "what the fuck were they thinking."
Here is my imitation of them: "You could take a protocol of a protocol and match it with a function that goes out to other functions that show that you can do anything if the functions and the people who take the protocols of the functions are in the system of functional protocols."
Jeez. That has GOT to be the WORST video EVER. Fuuuuuu.
@_date: 2014-02-14 02:36:43
again, you are not correct.