@_author: piedro_k
@_date: 2015-12-14 07:28:04
Why is this even a problem? 
Even if noone ever mines anymore, the bitcoins out there are still used. Now if demand for bitcoin goes up then prices rise and mining will be worth it again. If not the currency sticks to the present volume as is... 
I really do not see the problem here... 
@_date: 2017-03-01 16:45:00
As a newcomer I find the claim of low fees and suggesting buying meals with bitcoin misleading. 
Could someone edit this article to reflect the actual state of BTC?
It's the main sticky article of this subreddit and should be kept up to date imho... 
thx, p.
@_date: 2017-03-24 16:10:55
Using "evolution" as analogy sounds smart and dramatic but is completely inappropriate. Evolution is driven by random deviations from earlier versions. And the result is not the "best" version growing strong but the one that happens to be successful under coincidental circumstances at a certain time. 
Technology is driven by intent and determination, The result is highly dependend on how individuals choose to improve, spread and adapt it. 
Sorry but dissolving the whole controversy will not "happen" by random forces of nature (or culture in this case) - it will have to be resolved by reasonable people discussing, negotiating and solving the problem. 
Developers are mostly smart people regarding technology. Not so smart in my experience in social skills like listening, understanding, compromising or even finding consensual solutions. 
In a nice world everyone owning bitcoins (one person, one vote) should choose representative with the appropriate skill set - and these should find a solution. 
Sure this will never happen, because the bitcoin currency isn't governed by democratic or liberal ideas as is claimed. 
It's a a technocratic, neo-capitalistic structure run by multi million mining corporations, many more speculators than users and a few prominent individual advocates lacking the social skills to discuss a solution. 
Well, at least that's my not so much rose tinted opinion. I do not see the bright future here for any of the claimed ideals - maybe someone gets rich - at least that's nice....
@_date: 2017-03-30 01:25:48
Both sides should agree to hire a skilled mediator firm. Even international politicians hire skilled negotiators on their behalf if they got stuck. 
To not do that is just narcistic vanity by the main players involved. 
Behaving like in kindergarden...
p. 
@_date: 2017-03-01 16:36:05
That is good news. Also I agree: credit cards are definitly worse all fees considered... still even with twenty cents on twenty dollars - it'S not like cash at all - the idea of money changing hands for goods or services being a null sum scenario... 
I'll try to find the speech you are referring to, 
thx for your comments,  
p. 
@_date: 2017-03-01 13:49:29
So what is the average fee you pay for transferring one bitcoin compared to something like 0.01 BTC?
@_date: 2017-03-30 08:02:55
Good point. Honestly I do not know. 
I guess someone has to step up.  Otherwise this will drag on and on harming bitcoin's credibility in the process.  
If a bunch of disagreeing and interest driven cardinals locked in seclusion are forced to agree on a pope every few years there should be hope that some self acclaimed bitcoin evangelists can find a solution with some professional guidance on how to conduct constructive crisis management to work it out as well. 
@_date: 2017-03-01 14:11:02
thanks very much for the detailed information!
Though I have to admit - I would not like to crunch these numbers before doing a transaction... 
Well, I guess my follow up question has to be: 
How does bitcoin compete with traditional transactions if 
- there no simple way to know how much I pay for a transaction? 
- the fees are high in comparison? 
and to follow it up: 
- isn't the whole idea of bitcoin as a quick, anonymous, global payment (a cash replacement) a misinformation (if not a marketing scam) which aims at lifting the price for bitcoin holders speculating on price development? 
I cannot imagine anyone really using bitcoin as daily payment method if fees are high and opaque as it seems to be the case. 
Also shouldn't we be really upset about it if the ideological (and advertised) goal is to help people in repressed situations, to liberate regulated markets and to provide a viable online alternative to cash
- though nothing hints it's going in that direction? 
Maybe I am too sceptical to see the vision here (apart from "yeah price is rising") but I really would like to use a smartphone wallet for daily bitcoin cash and a desktop wallet for savings without
paying for transferring money back and forth nor paying more fees than banks do... cash use is fee free...   
@_date: 2017-03-30 20:01:42


If the whole problem is a purely technical it doesn't matter which group of technicians solves it, does it? Why fight so fiercely then?
There seem to be different consequences for the bitcoin project regarding which team implements a solution. Otherwise what's all the fuzz about? 
Or maybe there is still some pride, vanity and fear of losing control (and value) involved. Sounds political to me... 
Anyway I think you just made my point. 
But if I am wrong, please tell me, why the pure technical discussion doesn't advance if it's only a matter of features, properties, bugs,  stability and security? 
These topics are typically solvable by any set (or union) of skilled engineers sticking their heads together to improve the technology without regards for personal interests... - why do you think there is no progress to be found here for a long time now?   
@_date: 2017-03-01 14:18:18
Thx again. 
For me it seems completely unacceptable to pay up to 3$ as you stated for a small transaction of just say paying a pizza... 
@_date: 2017-03-01 13:48:13
Then the sticky post on top of this subreddit should be changed - otherwise it IS misleading....
@_date: 2017-03-30 01:14:02
Another comment that shows it's not about bitcoin as a day by day currency but about investors and speculants... 
How would any of these alternatives help me buying stuff over the internet, sending money to small foundation and charities or just paying last night's poker debt to a friend of mine... 
This whole "dispute" is nothing than a huge shit show of tech expert developers acting as wannabe economists playing greedy games of speculation. 
"Yeah we made money out of nothing and people followed. Now let's make a profit". 
Why not take some money of both sides and hire a professional mediator to solve this mess. It's not a technical question - it's a matter of interpersonal skills which is sadly rarely found amongst developers. 
There are experts for negotiating and diplomacy. Stop this childish bullshit, hire one of them with the excessive gains of speculation and step out of the way for professionals to clean up the mess.
p.  
@_date: 2017-03-27 00:34:44
Sure. 
Cause bitcoin is for speculants and "investors". 
Cut all that idealistic bullshit and say it clear and proud: 
I am interested in rising value. I never believed it would ever be like cash.... That's just the hype to create value...  
I am a tech geek who once in his live time had the chance to be like those big brokers - making money from nothing... 
Who cares about fees? 
Certainly not me who's buying/selling bitcoin for arbitrage... 
p. 
 
@_date: 2017-03-30 08:39:49
That is a technocratic answer. 
If people can't agree because of vastly different interests it is not a matter of technical prowess to solve it. It's a political dispute by definition. 
And like with every political decision come consequences to the user (even through layers and layers of society) a decision on the future of bitcoin will be more or less beneficial for different groups of users (or part of the union as you put it...). 
I stand by my point that as is it's a destructive discussion between technical experts lacking any diplomatic skill to resolve a fundamental disagreement. 
And I read many  more comments on price and speculative value than people caring about the real life usability of the payment network as you named it. 
Try to buy things like a coffee or a steam game worth $2 on a regular basis and honestly tell me you like the experience...   
Most people I know don't and stopped using it. Some still use it for speculation... 
But you are right that any technical implementation is just a realisation of an idea - just I can't recognize too much of the original ideas anymore...  
Thanks for your explanation of the internet. 
@_date: 2017-11-12 07:15:53
Bitcoin still hasn't solved the problem of slow transactions with high transaction fees - pretending that any second layer solution will be more than a mere workaround is really missing the point... 
And to claim this to be emotional - so what? Most decisions are emotional that's why it is a good idea to offer nice things with uncompromising features in the first place. 
Without the arrogant attitude to say that the people who matter don't want to and won't buy coffee or order pizza with their bitcoins is the reasons why an attack like this is even possible and finds support... 
Insisting on neglecting to solve the transaction bottleneck is neglecting what a huge amount of users want - and, yes, what people want is emotional!   
@_date: 2017-11-12 20:17:42
At least competition forces some efforts to speed things up! 
@_date: 2017-11-12 20:14:08
As I said lot's of things aren't about technical understanding... 
Don't answer if you just want to tell me what to do without talking to the point. I don't think you understand the basics of communication.  
@_date: 2017-04-21 15:01:25
I guess you accidently misplaced this comment? 
Can't see any relation to what i said above
no worries, happens... :-)
@_date: 2017-04-21 11:48:54
You can't blame people for taking the inherent bitcoin narration as a basis for whether it succeeds or whether it is good as is at the moment.  
Bitcoin has been massively promoted as digital cash usable on a daily basis - people got interested, other people got rich - now it's obviously just another commodity for anonymous currency speculation... 
Calling the people delusional that call for bitcoin development to stick to their guns and promises is perfectly right. Even important so the next digital cash concept doesn't make the same mistakes... 
BTW, it is completely beyond me, how big companies can afford to have really low fees for money transactions paying for staff, buildings, taxes and also massive bookkeeping while greedy miners aren't able to compile a part of the chain for some lower costs. 
Bitcoin has to find a way to scale the fees with the amounts of transactions as every other transaction method does... oh wait that's not good for speculation with high amounts... 
Or you are right: people have to move on to some other payment method and leave goldrush investors with their circle-jerking colleagues hoping to be on the right side of the next bubble...  
The "delusional" people should leave bitcoin, look for a crypto-currency development team that really cares for the ideals bitcoin proclaimed to aim for when it started and leave the bitcoin agitators in their infantile neverending quarrel behind... 
thx for reading, p. 
@_date: 2017-07-27 06:02:26
thx a lot for the clarification... 
THough I still do not understand your last point: 
If you have a million bitcoin users demanding and trading BTC and now you create an alternative BitcoinXY... you will still only have a million users... and they will, as the community is very much split, split up their demand and trading to two different coins. 
So this should result in only half a million BTC users (just for the argument - no one knows the exact numbers...) but still the same number of available BTCs... so the price should drop to adjust to the lowered demand... 
plz correct me here! 
@_date: 2017-07-27 08:47:12
Yes, I get that. 
Now if the user base splits also in two, there will be a significant number of bitcoin users wandering off or be transferred to this new altcoin. Which in turn would be a big dip in original BTC demand... 
thoughts?