@_author: pifumd
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:18:33
I still don't understand any of this. I'm new to markets in general, I've made a few trades using GDAX. Both market and limit orders. So I understand the difference in them (I think.) But I need an ELI5 on this whole mess.
What I can't piece together is what people are accusing Coinbase of doing wrong, specifically? 


So BCH had a rally a few hours before, which I've read in other places tends to happen when there is a difficulty adjustment. So not necessarily out of the ordinary right?  How would Coinbase have benefited from that?  It doesn't seem unreasonable to me that the price would increase based on knowledge that the coin was going to appear on an exchange the size of Coinbase, but so what? Didn't Coinbase already say it was going to be opening a BCH market? What difference would announcing a specific time days or weeks in advance have made?
Then Coinbase opens the BCH market. The price fluctuates wildly and some people placed market (not limit) orders expecting one price but got filled at another. Because there was a seller on the other end that put up a sell order at ridiculous prices. And the reasonable sell orders were all filled, so their market order filled at the higher price. Right? Then Coinbase halts trading after only a few minutes, leaving some folks with overpriced BCH. That doesn't seem like Coinbase's fault to me, isn't that the risk the trader took buying BCH at market, on a brand new exchange? I also don't really understand why Coinbase halted trading, what were they trying to prevent by doing so?
What am I missing? I'm really trying to understand. 
@_date: 2017-12-24 19:46:38
I've had this worry in the back of my mind for a while now... I got in to BTC in 2013. First by buying a tiny amount on Coinbase, and then by mining. Here and there I made some trades on btc-e, experimented with cloudmining, mined through various pools that came and went, changed wallets a couple times. I was tracking my mining gains at first.... but then as the price continued to drop I just left the miner running and stopped paying attention.  Eventually shut it off and repurposed the hardware. 
Fast forward a few years, and I have a portion of my holdings that I can't account for. I assume they were from mining. Most of the pools I mined with are shut down.  
So I wonder, how screwed will I be if BTC really does make it to the moon? I don't have enough to worry about today, but if it really took off...