@_author: pigdg
@_date: 2017-02-25 20:33:56
You are making like 10 comments in a minute, basically searching for a fight with anyone/everyone.
Here is an advice for you: **get a life outside reddit.**
@_date: 2017-02-25 20:39:48
It doesn't seem like you are trying to find young people to mentor. Go over your comments.
@_date: 2017-02-25 20:16:32
abdada sounds like a real name, yeah right.
@_date: 2017-02-02 15:34:26
You can't group 25,000 users into one opinion. The vast majority of the people on that sub simply want larger blocks on-chain. But they also are in favor of SegWit/Layer 2 functionality. Just like on this sub, there are a few extremists/trolls/crazies. But they don't define the rational majority.
If you ever want to resolve this, you can't just create a reality that doesn't exist. You have to listen to what people are actually saying. And what they are saying is they don't want a centralized, for-profit company having any say in the Bitcoin code. Especially if that means changing Bitcoin from an on chain scaling peer-to-peer electronic cash into a limited, restricted backbone that facilitates profits for the aforementioned centralized company.
However I've plainly seen them say "more power to you blockstream" in your efforts to make a shit ton of money. Nobody's opposed to it. Roger's not opposed to it. I'm not opposed to it. We need a layer 2 financial industry on top of the Bitcoin block chain. Blockstream is free to pursue that. But not if it means forcing everything off chain and into Layer 2 company coffers.
I find it really difficult to read the above paragraph and say it doesn't sound reasonable. Because honestly, it does. To me at least.
I'm going to tell everybody this right now: the only way this is going to move forward is if there's a compromise. And that's exactly what's going to happen eventually. Mark my words. At some point, there's going to be a compromise, and everyone's going to be cheering in relief. Some people are going to be pissed. But the majority of people will be happy with it.
I think it would benefit everybody if we would start moving towards that mentality right now, rather than four years from now when nobody gives a shit about bitcoin anymore because it floundered for too long.