@_author: piggybankcowboy
@_date: 2014-08-28 14:47:29


You sure about that? Check out some Terrence McKenna sometime, or even Dr. Richard Strassman. Most of these psychedelics have shamanic history. Not saying that should detract from their potential merit, but this particular study needs to be reviewed far more extensively before they start begging the public for money. 
@_date: 2014-08-29 04:52:06
Thank you, you really didn't have to do that, as I was in the wrong. I honestly had a massive internal debate with myself about collecting, and decided it would be rude not to since you put it out there as a kind gesture. I aim to be more mindful of my words and faults in the future. 
@_date: 2014-04-03 15:35:08
I'm with you, and this translates to so many other things. Look at how many people buy technology without putting one bit of effort into understanding how it works, and thus how to fix it, or protect themselves, etc. 
I'm speaking from the perspective of a US citizen, but it seems to me we (including the generations before us) have allowed a 'culture of dependency' to develop. It amazes me how many people put themselves in a position to spend additional money to rely on repairmen, technicians, auto mechanics, etc for otherwise simple fixes simply because they never learned, and were never taught to use the tools at their disposal to learn on their own.
With money and politics, we now rely almost entirely on other people to simplify it for us, and I think there is a danger there; those doing the simplifying know damned well they can manipulate the language in such a way to sway opinion. Control the information, control the population, so to speak. And what's worse is when someone pipes up and tries to say something about it, they get labelled as a tin hatter or some other thought-terminating tag that is inherently not to be trusted. 
It's easily the weirdest thing about my country, that we know it's happening but allow it to persist. 
@_date: 2014-03-11 02:09:11
Simply put, sure, but it's a bit more complicated than that. Citing Wikipedia as your soul source is definitely a no-no, because "peer editing" is a phrase that invokes visions of any random person just goofing around and his or her word being taken as fact just because it's on the site. This is from a lack of understanding of how Wikipedia actually works. 
What people should be doing is using it as a sort of "jumping off"
 point. Any article will include multiple sources where that information came from. Even if there's only a few, it is now *your* responsibility as the student to find other sources, and verify the information you just read. College professors, at least here in the US, are trying to get their students to think critically about the information they are gathering (something our population seems to have a serious problem doing), rather than just going to a single site and calling it a day. Wikipedia, basically, is not to be used as a thought terminating clause. 
@_date: 2014-08-28 14:12:15
Is it? I know you already pointed out your experience as anecdotal, but following it by saying it's "better" than anything, especially something that has been shown to be effective for many patients, is an odd way to present an argument. Granted, everyone responds slightly differently to all drugs, and the antidpressants or whatever are not the best option for some, but to claim that your single experience is better than something with far more evidence to back it up is absurd. 
Psychedelic treatment was made illegal because after years of it's use, it was found to have no medical value beyond placebo numbers. Using that as the bases of your study, as they do in the video as a veiled appeal right off the bat, is typically a red flag that some junk science is about to happen. 
Did anyone read the studies? Can we talk about the MDMA one? A sample size of 20 people? Are we being serious here? Come on. This is not how science works and why people arguing for the legalization of any drug are generally losing their arguments. This sounds more like grasping at straws, because while there was what apparently passed as a control group, the metrics are all ambiguous at best. It boils down to "these people feel like they're doing much better." Sounds more like a psychosomatic response, so let's call it what it is instead of pretending MDMA is somehow *treating* a condition. 
@_date: 2014-08-28 15:08:58
I'm actually fine with marijuana being made legal, but I think a lot of the arguments for it are garbage. There are too many people wanting to hold it up as some magical panacea and that is likely detracting from their efforts when those kinds of statements fall on more rational minds. Personally, I don't see a reason for it to be illegal outside of the idea that the government would find it hard to tax, but lets not pretend it's curing cancer or whatever. There's also a double standard at work, here, where cigarettes and alcohol are legal, with just as many harmful health effects, but because we have a deep social tradition toward them and they are easy to tax, we leave them alone. 
@_date: 2014-03-11 15:15:17
But...but...my personal appeals! 
@_date: 2014-08-28 18:25:47
Yes, I was wrong and way out of line, which is not really like me, so again, I apologize. I let my distrust for studies of this nature cloud my judgement. 
@_date: 2014-04-05 22:29:55
Their page is down for maintenance, and the Wikipedia page says it's been deleted. Probably coincidence, but the shady alarm went off in my tin hat. 
@_date: 2014-04-15 15:02:20
Looks like a good resource. I love anything published by O'Reilly media, after having used some of their other books in the past. 
Anyone interested might also want to check out [Coursera]( which offers many free classes regarding data analysis (as well as a slew of other subjects if you want to do some searching) starting in May. 
If you're not familiar with Coursera, they offer free classes on various subjects from participating universities, and have paid options for obtaining certificates and specializations in said subjects. 
@_date: 2014-08-28 16:15:03
Looking back, I realize I was arguing from a place of bias and frustration, so I apologize and feel rather foolish. You're right. 
I need to remind myself to keep my own cynicism, no matter how justifiable, toward studies like this and crowd-funding in check. 
@_date: 2014-08-28 15:04:14
Fair enough. I will admit that I missed that, and I apologize, but I'm still not convinced enough by a tiny sample size to give me any confidence that I should put my money toward this. If the study was being replicated and results corroborated with other, independent groups, I'd be more convinced.
@_date: 2014-04-03 16:11:00
Well said. And even the content of the information being taught is questionable. You mention history. I'm old enough to still remember my young education painting the pilgrims as benevolent settlers escaping the tyranny of an intolerant king, which turns out to be a load of shit. I could sit here and write out a list, but I'll spare every and just say I've spent most of my adult life questioning my schooling and wondering why the heck we allow this to happen. 
I asked the same questions when we confirmed suspicions from the last two decades about our gov't, or at least some of it's agencies, spying on all of us. Why aren't we doing something about it as a population? 
It's this mindset that I worry about, this lack of collective effort to put an end to misinformation, falsehoods, and demand some transparency not just from our gov't, but in our education, too. It's like this strange passive-aggressiveness that is completely unproductive, and has become so deeply ingrained in our culture that I can't even have an honest conversation about it anywhere but Reddit. You try to bring it all up, and people walk away, muttering "oh, here we go again." 
This is probably the wrong forum to discuss this, haha. Sorry I have a bad habit of deviating from direct relevance, but it comes from my interest in information theory and how it bleeds into nearly *everything* we do as human beings.  
@_date: 2014-04-05 22:38:08
While I wouldn't put it past some of the more creative ones I've seen, I was just kidding. 
They keep saying "barter" which makes me think it's a market place to exchange goods and services for other goods and services, and it looks like they recently adopted the use of BTC? The YouTube video says they also created "ITEX dollars," a virtual currency, which I'm assuming act as placeholders for said goods and services. Could be wrong, but I'm not putting much stock in it. I'll stick with good ol' fashioned Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-08-28 14:24:10
I'm not saying you have to, but don't also say a widely used method that we know much more about is bad in the same breath. It's that attitude that is causing people to throw money at pseudo-science which includes everything from this to herbal medicine, and I find it deplorable and unethical. People promoting and pushing studies like this and other questionable claims are taking advantage of an uneducated public, especially in the US to either push an agenda or straight up fleece them out of money. 
@_date: 2014-08-28 14:35:08


were screened using a scripted telephone interview to identify
previously diagnosed medical or psychiatric exclusion
criteria. Candidates who passed telephone screening and
gave informed consent were evaluated in an outpatient
office by an independent rater and a physician. Of these,
20 met all enrollment criteria and were recruited for the
study, with replacement of two dropouts (Figure 1).
So, what were those exclusion criteria? That's your first and a very important metric right there, and it vaguely defined. If we don't have clear and concise information as to how the sample, small as it is, was chosen, then we have no idea whether the sample was stacked to show a favorable result. I can understand, say, excluding people with a heart condition or something that might endanger them if a foreign substance is introduced and can potentially exacerbate their condition, but it's also not difficult to cherry pick impressionable people from a phone interview and clinical. 
Look, I'm just saying, before everyone starts throwing money at this on the basis that drugs should be legal and we're being kept down by the man, or whatever, we should be demanding more information, and peer review. 
@_date: 2012-05-31 14:25:55
Credit to my friend, who was interviewed in the article. 
@_date: 2012-11-28 17:09:07
It would be nice to have a few new "freebie" type sites for new people to get into BTC, just to see what it's all about.  I'm finding that list has a couple of dead links and some changes have been made to sites.  
@_date: 2012-12-04 00:00:49
So I've heard, but as a new guy, I was not aware of this. That does shed some light on the lack of activity. 
@_date: 2012-12-03 17:51:09
Interesting, I didn't know about that as I've only been popping on to the site here and there for the last two months. Very helpful reply, thanks. 
@_date: 2012-08-13 22:11:14
I would have done it in international waters just to be goofy. 
@_date: 2012-05-31 19:10:16
I felt that was a bit crude right out of the gate like that myself, but I have to wonder if it is mentioned because of the parallel in privacy. Of course, you cannot use a credit card to tip a stripper (at least that I know of), but you can use it to pay your tab at the strip club she works at.  That shows up on the bill, and if you're, say, a business professional or something...well...I don't know, perhaps you don't want that showing up. Cash is the best way to go. In some cases on internet transactions, the same can be said for Bitcoin vs traditional pay methods. True, illegal goods do fall into that mix, but you also have purchases of various goods from the sex industry, maybe donations to a charity, or anything else legal that you can think of that one might want to keep more on the anonymous side of things. 
The privacy was the central idea of the article's lead-in, but again, it is a wee bit not-safe-for-mom-to-read, I suppose. 
@_date: 2012-08-27 16:10:58
I'm seconding GUIminer. I grabbed it yesterday, couldn't be simpler to use. Took me about 4 minutes to figure it out, and I'm new to Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2012-08-27 01:30:41
That being said, I went through and looked at most of these, anyway. OP aimed his post at new people, so I figured I'd see what it was offering. 
Most of what's here are surveys, which are long as hell and boring. You're better off just using GUIMiner and walking away from the computer for a little while instead of sitting there for hours, trying answer the demographic questions "right" so you can actually take one of the damned surveys. No thanks.
BitcoinPlus is a reported attack site. The Paperco.in Faucet has no Bitcoins to dispense and is asking for donations. VideoCoins has no videos to watch. Bitcoin Tribe seems incapable of sending out the verification email you need to validate your account, and of course, there seems to be no way to get a hold of them. 
A great many of these are so full of ads (not counting the ones OP is getting paid for) that you just want to immediately close the browser tab. Only ones I didn't try were the gambling/gaming sites aside from Bitcrate, which actually paid me already. So, yeah, that's the only link I can say is decent on there. This list is pretty much garbage, aside from the wallet links. I would say new folks should not bother with this. 