@_author: pigtrotsky
@_date: 2016-08-14 13:32:04
At the expense of everything else, though? It's used as a pejorative by the ethereum folks (and maybe other communities) to suggest Bitcoiners have been subverting their efforts and attacking their communities, which to be quite honest they have done a solid job of themselves not only with the HF decisions but also with the latest round of ethereum supporters trying to sell off the ethererum classic DAO tokens recovered by the "whitehats" in order to.... fund developers of the competing chain that they created.
@_date: 2016-08-14 13:27:49
It's not hard to change a line of code, it's hard to convince anyone who has a rational approach to managing such an event to wear the risk if you aren't prepared to invest in an appropriate solution which offers them value to make that risk worthwhile. 
You need to round up all the support across the network to upgrade before the hardfork deadline, and many people will refuse on the basis that current development efforts show evolving technologies such as lightening network prerequisites and segwit are imminent and will offer value to participants.
There are a whole community of people who think otherwise and they have been very vocal. What they haven't been is contributing to development efforts nor drumming up wide scale support across the network, so I can't see how the effort will progress - meanwhile development continues, and halfway through the ongoing cycle of "I can't believe we haven't implemented this yet" a proper compromise of utility and scalability will be produced by the development team and we can finally hear the end of this drama.
@_date: 2016-08-09 07:17:14
finex, Inc (Panama)
@_date: 2016-08-14 13:18:01
It's not that fork is bad. It's that if you fork without strong network consensus you risk fracturing the network. It's easy to get consensus for strong functional benefits and well thought out and tested upgrades, but very hard to get consensus for a one line contentious change that many people don't think is necessary right now, given the strategic approach to this that is being driven by the dev team.
If we have no capability to fork, we have no capability to innovate and only altcoins will ultimately be able to adapt and innovate into mainstream acceptance.
Just think about it this way - what would inspire you to update your client today - a security fix? A database issue? New functionality? A small one line code change you do or don't think is important? The risk of network fragmentation? 
Would numerous of these events cause you concern, frustration, loss of value? Loss of confidence?
These are some of the decisions involved.
@_date: 2016-08-14 13:45:09
Nobody single handedly destroyed the 200+ altcoins that were created in 2014 - admittedly some did get attacked by miners but the vast majority only existed for a short time because people mined on these coins and then sold them for Bitcoin, simply because they had no faith or belief that the coins would exist or carry any value in the future.
Some of course have remained, Litecoin, Dogecoin, Monero and some have evolved since then like Ethereum. I don't think anyone is saying that this phenomenon is by design, it's just the natural shift of value from risky assets to those that retain value, and the ones listed have all had some factor be it utility, innovation or community support which has kept them relevant.
@_date: 2016-08-07 07:27:39
Bitcoin price was $770 USD in Jan 2014
@_date: 2015-12-26 14:29:57
That's silly. He wasn't a drug lord. He was a moderately able coder who eventually built a marketplace of great significance. This probably was not obvious to him at the time, I don't think it is a surprise at all that he slipped up, and the article provides nothing in the way of evidence that he didn't slip up?
@_date: 2015-06-19 11:50:24
So you'll be heading to your local bank to withdraw all your money now right?
@_date: 2014-06-01 04:51:33
Fair point, but how much windows malware today has the ability to identify VM images and go through LVM volumes, mount ext4 filesystems, etc? You'd still have to concede it's safer than having a wallet sitting on an NTFS volume on the infected machine.
@_date: 2014-05-30 01:58:58
High Rent, high alcohol tax and a huge foreign population is basically the reason. Everything in Singapore economically seems to either base prices and taxes on scarcity or what I like to call the lifestyle tax - a hawker centre can be impressively cheap, a restaurant will be incredibly expensive.
There is a lot of tension in Singapore and it is generally bad form to compare lifestyles to your home country as a foreigner. Regardless I will say, the income disparity and quality of life for different Singapore residents and workers is incredibly vast and nothing like I am used to culturally. Some people can afford to throw money around, many however just scrape by. It's very hard and one of the key reasons I don't intend to stay much longer.
@_date: 2014-06-23 01:39:02
There is no reason you couldn't do this right now. The confusion seems to be the difference between presentation and protocol layers. From the protocol side you need to continue to represent the number in the agreed and standardised (and datatype correct) 21m with 8 decimal place format.
On the presentation side, you can arbitrarily move the decimal place to represent fractions of the unit known as BTC for exchange purposes, to represent the value in a more appropriate fashion.
Reaching consensus on the when and how much, and keeping it universal across all wallets, is the hard part. Bitcoin is typically very conservative in this regard and I would expect the consensus part to be based on popularity (ie migration of users to wallets who implement it best).
@_date: 2014-03-11 13:15:47
What's dumb is the article's misunderstanding of how people who "hack around" in the true old sense use these learnings. Your assertions that he likely took the code with him and likely used it everywhere he went are insane. He never even said he used it, he said he was trying to solve a problem for his hosting company. He talked about a replacement for FTP and in that context using an SSH daemon makes no sense anyway.
First, it would have run like shit - he acknowledged that in the article, it took 3 times the resources to run. He also acknowledged the missing functionality and the limitations of the platform.
There are 2 reasons, like it or not, why someone like Mark would have done this and why it's a good thing, not a bad thing:
  - 1. To prove PHP could be used to create an SSH daemon. Good for him, that's a fun hack and doesn't hurt anyone. He probably meant to or did write an FTP server and this was some other tangent leading to the blog entry.
  - 2. So he can learn about the protocol. I know there are a bunch of infosec professionals out there who wouldn't have the slightest idea how the protocol works under the covers. They don't need to, sure, but they also haven't had that level of intimacy with it. Yet they would be the first to scoff.
Tinkerers do stuff. They pull radios and TVs apart for fun. Doesn't mean every TV they own they made themselves from scrap metal. I would have wrote some Hello World code back in the day. Doesn't mean every piece of code I write starts off with Hello World does it?
I've never written an SSH daemon in any language, ever. I don't know how the protocol works as well as he does. I'd like to have the time, just for shits and giggles, but I'd still use the community audited and properly secured default daemon that would come with every modern distribution if I were using it for any purpose other than messing around.
I'm actually pissed at all the comments I read, not just your writeup but all these holier than thou responses from twitter etc. Where's the entrepreneurial spirit when you denounce someone for a bit of gamesmanship in taking a high level scripting language and putting it to the test of implementing a lower level and complex protocol just so you can? This is what this whole industry was built on. People would have laughed at Linus for the pursuit of building his own OS, such a complex ecosystem, no less using higher level compilers etc from Minix which was a totally experimental and much less featured OS and look what it is today. The same argument about functionality and peer review would have been true back then.
I am not trying to stick up for the man, he is who he is. And I'm not suggesting that writing an SSH daemon in PHP is a useful pursuit, but it makes perfect sense in the hacker ethos and enough of these ideas happening in parallel and twisting and turning ideas lead to something brilliant - why would this possibly be a bad thing?
@_date: 2014-05-30 01:53:14
Arab St area? Still practically downtown and the prices are approx the same, I have no idea how you managed that unless it was a can of tiger from the hostels there, and even then I wouldn't say I have seen a $2 alcoholic beverage in Singapore ever.
There are cheaper ways to drink, yes. I can get a can of "Taiwan Beer" or Tsing Tao, harbin or anchor or some other ordinary SEA beer from a grocery store for $4-5. But there is no way that the issue is just with certain areas, the tax is incredible and was just recently raised another 25%
Add rent to it and a pub drink is going to be a minimum of $12 anywhere, rising from there the closer you get to the city
@_date: 2014-03-08 12:53:06
This isn't really useful since you're comparing applies with oranges here on the one hand, and giving a challenge without any bounds on the other hand.
To my first point - a brain wallet is as secure as the passphrase used. The use of an encoded phrase is no more or less secure than not doing so in terms of entropy as long as the randomness of the entropy you used to generate that phrase is equivalent to the entropy used by a computer to generate the same as a hex key. If you can remember a 2048 bit hex converted key and type it in by hand, and you generated that key with sufficient random entropy it will be no different. In terms of your phrase, how do I know it isn't 40 obscure, unique words specific to you, whom I have little information about? I may as well just brute force the key, either way it's extremely unlikely I would ever find it, which brings me to point 2.
Whilst brute forcing cryptography involves known constraints, brute forcing a phrase is different. Based on my methodology, not knowing that I'll even have the words you used in a dictionary let alone not knowing if they would place correctly, and not even knowing if you used english, any idea of the bounds of the phrase (words, characters, separators etc) means that unlike a brute force cryptographic exercise, I may exhaust the list and never find it.
So to sum it up, in the case of the vague description you've given of the construction of the phrase:
 - I wouldn't bother brute forcing it as text as I suspect the process would end without a match as this is not how the brute force methodology for brain wallets tends to work (low hanging fruit is the purpose in that case)
 - I'd only try this as a cryptographic hashing exercise for science's sake (not really, because...)
 - I know the numbers involved in that sort of brute force hashing exercise and it wouldn't happen in a week, nor would it be statistically likely to occur in my lifetime
@_date: 2014-09-18 18:07:59
That's not entirely true. Their help site says it works mainly in the US, I have successfully bought BTC with my Singapore Debit Card this week without any issues
@_date: 2014-10-12 15:28:47
What? Why? To both of those opinions
I'd love to see a boot loader or compiler written with no asm components, and they are found on non embedded hardware worldwide. There are many more examples. 
@_date: 2014-04-25 05:39:04
I am a little more worried about what he did to get that small amount of BTC. He rented a PC over the Internet?  To some anonymous dude? I hope he burned that machine afterwards. 
How much more shady an arrangement could you find....
@_date: 2014-12-22 14:15:03
Yeah you ahh, you really nailed that point too...
@_date: 2014-06-24 10:25:51
Bunch of process people who don't understand Tech. I deal with this daily, and you won't get their interest regardless what you say. Who wants to adopt a technology that would render their own existance pointless?
@_date: 2014-05-29 06:40:41
Here in Singapore.... these numbers are missing a digit
@_date: 2014-05-02 12:13:32
SMSFs have very strict conditions when it comes to reporting and diversification of your investments. You'd need an accountant as trustee who understands how to account and correctly price the investment and you could not possibly have your entire holdings in BTC.
Arguably this is where a BTC managed fund would be perfect. You could certainly contribute to a managed and registered fund but again your diversification rules would limit exposure and there are controls on how it is handled.
The one most important point - break the rules of SMSF fund management and you can have the entire fund lose preferential tax treatment and be levied really severe fines.
You can certainly call ATO and ASIC and enquire but as always with Australian Tax and Govt Departments, I wouldn't expect a simple answer...
@_date: 2014-06-24 06:37:29
Why anyone would choose to base the refund on the exchange value of some random cross currency rather than just returning the same number of BTC as sent is beyond me.
@_date: 2014-07-25 08:59:22
It's also like typing the same thing into your traditional bank's Internet Banking transfer description - you're going to get a phonecall very quickly.
@_date: 2014-06-06 18:36:48
Bit oversimplified though. For a pool to get &gt; 40% of hash power would take years of reputation and most likely a few deals with cloud hashing sites, etc.
Just reaching &gt; 50% of hashing power effectively does nothing alone. All it means is that for the period of time you have &gt; 50% hash rate, you could divert that to an alternate chain, which will eventually succeed in becoming the longest chain if you can sustain more than the hash rate on the existing main chain, whilst not obtaining any block rewards if you fail. Having 51% of hashing power doesn't immediately give you the ability to build a best chain since you're only marginally more powerful than the rest of the network.
So there is still a tangible cost. Years of engineering to become the only pool with the majority of miners at the cost of being caught diverting hash power with a just over 50% chance of actually getting any reward in a fluctuating network where the loss of hash power would render the whole exercise a waste of time.
It's not exactly a recipe that can be executed on demand the way someone buying up the world's reserves of ASIC chips (assuming the money and supply were available) is.
Best part is that if the pool did try it and fail, it would lead to miners being more selective about spreading their hash power around (due to the economic consequences) and a repeat would be much less likely.
@_date: 2014-03-08 12:58:20
Also I should add, you've got the concept of a brute force on a brain wallet around the wrong way. I would not take your address and then try to generate a private key for it as that would give me low chance of success and low return on investment.
The idea is to continue to generate keys based on generated passphrases and compare them to addresses with funds. At the point that you find a match, you would then be able to access those funds. This is similar to rainbow table attacks and again this isn't an activity aimed at a single hash, but the generation of a database or collection of addresses with the hope that one will match a given "public" hash and return you the secret key used, whether it be for a wallet address or a password for a website/server etc.
@_date: 2014-06-06 17:34:53
True, but they're still paying for the hash power in effect. If the pool stopped paying miners for blocks to instead mess around with creating parallel chains I suspect that 40% would fall to 0% very quickly.
@_date: 2014-05-30 02:11:26
Sorry, forgot to answer your last question. As a very skilled software eng who might be in a leadership position of some sort, probably 100k plus. For any less, you are competing with 10s of thousands of grads from SEA countries such as Philippines, Vietnam, Indonesia and Malaysia who would work for 2k a month, which is the baseline for an S Pass work visa. 
The work visas are very restrictive and also serve to discourage employers from hiring foreigners due to the implications of hiring people under these passes (employer pays a bond of sorts on your behalf)
As to why... case by case I guess? I was working for an integrator and decided to move over and join the client after a few years dedicated to their account. I did not get a relo package and paid and organised it myself. My salary is easily 40% less and my hours 50% more but I love the work and have matured greatly in wotk ethic and broader horizons.
I don't rate living in Singapore compared to my home country but thats my problem, not theirs. I am here to do a job. I love the asia travel and have seen some amazing countries but I work hard and travel opportunities are few and far between.
TL; DR it isnt for everyone, some benefit more than others. Not necessarily financially fulfilling, but can be in other regards.
@_date: 2014-03-08 13:07:28
2.99 billion pages alone indexed by Google. You can imagine how many phrases that might be indexed in some way. Good luck to those taking it on, though....
@_date: 2014-07-25 09:01:34
They will retain this for years, you could easily get a call tomorrow... Perhaps they just aren't as good at implementing FinCEN regulations as Coinbase are? You could get them fined in FinCEN knew of this I'd say.
@_date: 2014-10-12 08:36:31
To be fair, that's not what he said. He said he uses many different languages based on the requirement (PHP for rough, rapid development, C++ for mix between rapid and performance, and assembler for maximum performance).
In fact all he is saying is what everyone has been repeating for decades, nothing about that statement is at all controversial.
@_date: 2014-07-25 09:03:22
They might, but the morgue doesn't...
@_date: 2014-07-10 11:28:00
What are the restrictions on foreign land ownership in Lombok?
@_date: 2014-03-11 13:22:54
Do they now?
You're saying they'd rather drag around a library that's 10 years old and has half the functionality of another, just because they wrote it previously?
Nope. They would rather use one that someone else - preferably a large team wrote, so that there is no reason to maintain an old outdated library or fix it when it breaks. It is 10000% better to have someone else who has to go through regression testing each release, merge and backport changes, perform releases, performance test, write doco, audit and rewrite and support the code than to do it yourself for any reason.
@_date: 2014-04-06 03:32:47
When someone steals your money, and you want it back?
@_date: 2014-03-08 15:39:02
The problem was never whether it was secure, it's totally arbitrary as I've tried to point out, it's entirely based on the nature of the key, not the methodology. The problem is that too many people don't understand (and shouldn't have to, mind you) the nature of encryption.
All people are trying to do is point out that if it is a matter of simply using user input as the private key, the user needs to use a strong key. If you set it to "bananas", I could have your BTC very quickly. It needs to be a difficult (and unlikely to guess) phrase. Tell me, is your email password as difficult as the phrase you set for the brain wallet?
In Bitcoin, mess it up and it's irreversible. It is important to let people know how seriously they need to take this. A bad passphrase decision today could be a massive loss in a few years time. They might just think they are setting a password to a website like email, and that it might be easy to change later. Neither are true and it's critical that the passphrase is difficult from day 1.
@_date: 2014-04-17 04:30:49
I have used the numoni atms in Singapore several times. They are okay, but somewhat unpredictable. Lucky I am a tech guy or my first purchase would have been my last to be honest.
I think there's a few things that need fixing on these before they get near capable of mainstream use. The interface is odd but workable but the QR code reading is really spotty and I often feel odd on my 5th attempt at holding my phone still while sheilding the ATMs lights from my screen just so the low res camera can read it.
The reciept function has not worked for me in 4 attempts and whilst it requires a phone number (kyc/aml possibly?) The text it sends is horribly uninformative with just a "RID" transaction number and no follow ups, amount, exchange rate or any useful records of the transaction. I have to take a photo of the rate details first to have any record of them. 
Perhaps the worst experience was my first. The machine purports to show the current live exchange rate and it jumps around a bit to show this. I checked the rate and found it to be $100 USD over the current rate. For science, I put a small amount in and got the text msg. The coins never showed up.
I reported this to them and they sent someone out to the location and told me it was fixed. They also put through my "stuck" txns the next day, however the exchange rate had fell since then so it did feel like a bit of a screw despite the point I had agreed to the rate the day before.
Sure enough on the next visit the rate was in line with USD value. This has significantly lowered my impression of the service as a result, but won't stop me using them completely. They won't get better without investment, but have a long way to go.
@_date: 2014-10-05 04:16:48
Mathematical crystal balls are totally real!!
@_date: 2014-09-22 16:28:48
Wow, I am stunned at how well Shavers made out from that scam. He could almost be forgiven for trying it again when you're left with a $200 million profit thanks to terrible math by prosecutors.
@_date: 2015-05-01 15:16:52
No, it doesn't. And if PHP use is amateur I think we have a problem
It's just bullshit programming elitism that will never subside, being misunderstood by many and used to draw unreasonable inferences.
But it doesn't scream shit, and there's no reason you couldn't build a BTC exchange in PHP (I'm sure many have and are today), the key is to practice good secure coding posture where it matters, and this applies for all languages.
@_date: 2015-01-04 12:04:33
How is it pegged? Are you receiving a wage of x BTC per month, and who does the conversion?
@_date: 2014-07-25 09:10:06
They just have a really good Know Your Customer system.. This guy spends 100% of his money on Sexual Favors and is trying to buy Bitcoin? Definite money launderer.
@_date: 2015-01-01 15:08:54
Who is asking for this exactly? Why does anything need to be changed from an infrastructure perspective? There has been the ability to run anything you like on top of the IP foundations of the internet for decades. 
The idea that anything should be changed from an infrastructure perspective comes from poor understanding of what role different functions play to provide Internet access globally. The application side is completely agnostic - it doesn't care if you're a satellite user in a rural area or sitting on fibre, or on a mobile device.
In truth, nobody needs what is being sold here and you will have a hard time recruiting any of this sort of experience to assist. Take a look at how long it has taken something key like IPv6 to introduce globally, and there's a driving technical and economic need there (IPv4 exhaustion)
@_date: 2015-01-24 13:24:45
No, that's an app that the feds use to image his linux filesystem and then access the data from their windows box. Have a look, it even shows the filesystem type, inode numbers etc on the left.
@_date: 2015-01-04 12:07:20
How about rent and bills? 
@_date: 2014-03-11 17:18:16
By hacking I mean in the traditional sense - pushing the boundaries, playing with code.
I have no doubt from what I've read that there were code issues at MtGox. I think they're a bit overplayed but they certainly existed. But the suggestion was specifically that he was using this code and not only was that not covered, it's not clear he ever used this code in the wild.
@_date: 2016-06-24 07:44:26
God damn it must be infuriating as a core developer to consistently hear people like yourself pushing a one line constant change hardfork that makes everyone's life difficult over progressive improvement. As someone who has written code in the past, you're the classic single-agenda user side noise screaming "to hell with your strategy and long term goals, give me what I want to the detriment of anyone else including those writing the code".
Just wanted you to know that it's not just simply an opinion one way or the other. Those who share your viewpoint have had ample opportunity to have your say. You've got your own echo chamber on Reddit, you had your own fork and multiple attempts across multiple BIPs to rally support for your cause, all unsuccessful.
The worst part about the static legacy constant hardfork option is that there is so much intellectual dishonesty behind it. We have all had the opportunity to see exactly the same network metrics the whole time. We know it is bullshit when these stories about people walking away from Bitcoin because their transactions wouldn't confirm keep being cited as we know there has not been sustained full blocks since the last spamming attack which was thwarted with the mintxfee. We know that such attacks aren't sustained since because of the economic cost. A bunch of full nodes got knocked offline because of all of the mempool transactions - awesome, that will still happen with bigger blocks as mempool transactions are still held until block confirmation. It's a dishonest argument.
Soon enough this code will be in production and you don't need to maintain it. So take the last opportunity you have to piss on the parade, and then watch it carry on without you.
@_date: 2016-11-23 15:01:49
He's Chinese and owns a mining rig. Surely there are not irrelevant voices in a country with 1.3 billion people. If we don't give him what he wants, he will switch his antminer s3 to Bitcoin Unlimited and we'll lose all of our money to the more superior copy of an older revision of bitcoin's github repository with a couple line change that breaks consensus and some unknown purported "developers".
@_date: 2016-11-24 02:19:21


Yep, they can't see any other reason that the world hasn't adopted an arbitrary 2MB blocksize (or 4 or 8 or unlimited) than a conspiracy behind the funding of core developers.
Of course the fact that they have repeatedly (Bitcoin Classic, Bitcoin Unlimited, Bitcoin XT) tried to fork to chains that will support various things, none of which have popular support (something to do with AXA and sheeple I guess) and here we are with this rabid spam notched up 100% since segwit deployment because something that goes n% towards their goals with other features but not implemented the way they wanted is somehow worse than before.
End of the day, if they were even partially conciliatory and willing to work towards the goal in lockstep with what was actually happening in core development, I'm sure we'd have an answer soon. But with this level of distrust towards the core devs and all of these conspiracy theories, I am certain (just like in politics) they would not cross sides even if they got what they want, so we best just learn to live with them.
@_date: 2016-11-06 10:16:18


Great quote, any more random shit you want to post with no context to belabor a point? This is almost like some religious zealot trying to show us how the bible predicted an event because the text could be applied to that event under certain circumstances.
The funny thing about is that rather than building a community which is fundamentally better than the supposedly unfairly moderated you've created a massive negative circlejerk which sits there baiting each other into shitting in since nobody from here that doesn't buy the blockstream tin foil hat conspiracy theory cares about at all.
If you can't understand that stepping into a negative, cancerous sub without any technological improvement beating one single insignificant drum is not interesting for a lot of people, I guess you also won't realise why what  you just posted doesn't blow my mind.
Thanks for stopping by.
@_date: 2016-11-24 02:13:34
Holy shit you're hilarious. You keep replying to these I guess to try to show us the logical fallacy of arguments by switching them around so that the current chain is actually irrelevant and your 2MB chain is the dominant chain.
There's only one problem, it isn't. And I for one wouldn't even consider risking the stability of the network for a 2MB blocksize chain, especially one without segwit.
If your point is that 1MB is arbitrary well no shit, so is 2MB. Does it make sense now why it seems like such a stupid proposal to everyone else? If we were so wrong the first time, what about this arbitrary limit? You got some science there buddy?
PS. Feel free to switch this one around, I'm sure it will enlighten us all.
@_date: 2016-11-23 15:08:01
Currently it's about you and your mates repeatedly spamming every topic with this crap because when you all went over to you failed to do anything of note - you all tried hardforks and competing codebases, and you've failed to get more than a small percentage of interest from the community. So, you're here, repeating the same shit ad nauseum. 
When you lot prove that you make up a significant proportion of the community not through shitposting rabidly but through representing a significant hashrate or adopting a significant user base, you'll get much more attention to your cause.
@_date: 2016-11-23 14:52:23
There's a whole subreddit working on their thesis as we speak
@_date: 2016-11-23 14:56:21
Something which to them confirms their hypothesis that the illuminati owns core development and an immediate 2MB hardfork followed by indeterminate additional hardforks until we reach consensus-inception is the only way forward?
Yeah I suspect they're loving it.
@_date: 2016-11-23 14:57:19
He's obviously Chinese so he clearly knows the way forward for bitcoin
@_date: 2016-11-17 07:50:18
In my honest opinion, it's little to no loss to take on the mantle of heavily moderated subreddit in order to encourage a certain cross-section of the community to take it elsewhere.
I remember what it was like back in the day with non stop blocksize posts and for a lot of people who can see the forest for the trees, it was nauseating. Right now it's a good balance and this subreddit is very readable.
I have a subreddit for my country that is just destroyed by non stop year round political posts, and I've stopped reading it because I can't find anything of interest for me in there. It was about 50% blocksize sky is falling posts in here at one point. 
Every subreddit is moderated, and you might see that as censorship. I see it as effective moderation and wouldn't consider moving to the alternative given it is 100% full of the kind of stuff I avoided initially.
Seems a perfectly good compromise to me, even if we do have to endure this censorship claim in every thread. 
@_date: 2016-09-28 15:24:12
It's kind of easy to tell the difference. One is a currency that can actually be traded on public exchanges, with a public downloadable blockchain, been around since 2009 and doesn't make stupid claims about doubles and triples and splits and mining tokens.
The other is a supposed currency that can be traded on one exchange, owned by the same bulgarian scammers as the coin itself, with an apparent blockchain that nobody can see (wow that's useful) except for some vague placeholder bullshit on a dashboard page in a member's area of the site. This particular currency is shilled in dodgy packages to pensioners by these bulgarian scammers and the idiot MLMers who push the scam to make themselves wealthy.
If we as a community can't articulate the differences here, we have failed terribly. OneCoin is not a stupid shitcoin, it's a massive scam that consists of a bunch of buzzwords connected to cryptocurrencies but without an actual technical foundation, it is a cryptocurrency that doesn't exist.
@_date: 2016-09-20 14:15:55
well it wouldn't be billion dollar disruptive technology unless it had the words blockchain, big data, software defined or ... as a service in there somewhere
off to create myself a big data blockchain based software defined database as a service
@_date: 2016-09-28 00:58:45


Massive pre-mine, DAO debarcle, fork fuckup and DDoS, just to name a few. EF sold up all of the premine coins for fuck all at the bottom of the market. Has huge problems with scalability due to the EVM's single-threaded must-be-replayed-on-all-nodes approach. People bleating on about POS and sharding etc changing the world but none of these are implemented let alone tested. 
All of the DAPPS are just the usual shit. Gambling and token crap that isn't nearly likely to be used regularly, let alone once. All I read from the Ethereum camp is about frankly stupid complex implementations of things we already have a solution for. Oh hey we could have a DAPP that issues tokens for... um.. hotel rooms... and you could open the door with your private key. For real?
Tell us more about how fundamentally intelligent Buterin is that he dreamed up the perfect technical implementation in his sleep and Bitcoin is just a poor cousin. 
While you're at it - is this your hero?  Just wondering? 
Edit: Not to mention the utter hilarity of someone from the ethereum camp coming here to lecture us on not implementing something quickly... you lot have learned nothing. Good luck beating the casper POS deadline. You guys have more to worry about than antagonising other crypto currency users. Not only has investment in any mining (ie network protection) been made financially unviable, but anything except a solid implementation of POS is going to render the network unusable. Given how past releases have gone, good luck to you.
@_date: 2016-09-28 15:17:47
Holy shit, it's an audit document that contains the antithesis of audit in its disclaimer.
Oh yeah plus it's a report to confirm that a blockchain is consistent, something the consensus algorithm does automatically across thousands of machines simultaneously on any other "real" coin network.
Would love to know what they paid for this trash. Probably a big insurance payment, so that the idiots who put their name on it can try to stave off bankruptcy when the court cases start rolling in.
@_date: 2016-09-28 01:19:52
What a shame I didn't get one of your big rants of shill nonsense for your shitcoin, I was looking forward to hearing how you'd explain it all away.
But yeah I think I'll hold on to my play money, because speaking of beer, ethereum could buy me 2 or 3 of them and I'll get more enjoyment out of that then programming 10 print hello world into a transaction and calling it a financial revolution.
@_date: 2016-09-18 14:59:01
Sure, there are people who have launched competing technologies based on this exact concept. They tend to be very confident about the marketability of their own technology, but just shows how hard it is to fathom the impact on society of emerging technology - many if not most of us foresee a great disruption to online financial technology, however it is 2016 and 2009 was a long time ago in technology terms, and not much has happened in relative terms, so who knows?
@_date: 2015-04-04 11:18:02
That's your summation - others are a little more eloquent when it comes to describing the functions Bitcoin serves.
@_date: 2015-04-01 06:40:49
It's been April 1 in Japan for half a day now....
@_date: 2016-10-12 16:14:35


Nonprogressive hardfork for a single line constant change, no argument against it? You're directly putting the network at risk and it still won't be enough for those actually concerned about scalability to just push out this one liner and have to worry about this all over again.
This goes way back to the same conversation 2 years ago, where nothing got resolved because nobody was able to produce a dependable and flexible algorithm to preserve network security and avoid denial of service. Take a look at all the BIP proposals: BIP100, BIP101, BIP102, BIP103, BIP109.
At least the upcoming softfork preserves network stability and provides some immediate benefits (yes it relies on people using segwit friendly wallets/addresses to see the increased block size capacity, but a hardfork has a much more immediate requirement with much worse outcomes if not met).
@_date: 2016-05-29 18:08:57
Unlikely on a number of fronts - the first being that quantum computing only helps with certain angles of attacks affecting cryptographic algorithms, there is no suggestion that direct brute force attacks will be so straightforward that they would be efficient using quantum tech.
Second, anything lost to legitimately unspendable destinations (such as those with faulty script hash definitions) could only be spent, even if you had the private key, if whatever hardfork that changes the encryption mechanisms also includes some kind of restrospective case to free coins lost to invalid/faulty script hashes, which would be an unpopular move as it would anger many by allowing things to do be done outside of the sender's defined script.
Finally, if a hardfork was executed to change the encryption mechanism, it would almost certainly invalidate the old mechanism. There is no point introducing a new, tougher private key algorithm if you still allow an attacker to sign using the older key format. They would always choose to do that, especially if they had access to quantum technology which they could use in a way that weakens the encryption scheme. This means for coins sent to an address where the current key was lost, there is a 99.999% chance that the outcome would be simply that the old format key was lost which precludes the owner from converting or utilising a newer format key which means it would still be lost.
The only situation where this might not be true that I can concieve is if the issue caused a complete fork of the blockchain and users were required to transfer from the old chain to the new chain manually (very unlikely) in which case the coins might be able to be retrieved by an attacker from the old chain, but would be near valueless due to their ability to be stolen, but might be able to be brute forced by an attacker and transferred to the new chain which would hold the real intrinsic value.
@_date: 2016-05-23 15:51:20
And now they know how things work on this side of the world. If anyone cheers about the 2MB hardfork without considering that this is an agenda pushed by a bunch of Chinese miners that couldn't give a shit about decentralisation or whatever it is people cheer for, they just want to profit from their endeavours - this is all for personal interest, I assure you. 
@_date: 2016-05-23 16:59:31
You haven't misunderstood and I don't doubt at all there's a lot of people who are for a defined increase in the blocksize. This was specifically talking about the dipshit comment by GM who directed it at those who negotiated with Chinese miners for a 2MB HF after the segwit code release - the suggestion being that they were pretty much forced into agreement by people who directly benefit from tx fees, a very undemocratic process and even if it does meet the criteria that many are looking for (an increase), it is concerning to see the way that it was introduced.
@_date: 2016-05-23 15:37:29
Credit Cards have just as many obstacles. I couldn't pay my italian prepaid sim last month with my asian credit card, just like I can't buy bitcoin with Circle because I don't have a US card.
And, when I do buy something, I'm redirected to mastercard securecode or verified by visa where I have to wait for an SMS message to come, and that has a 3 minute timeout. If I don't get it in time, the transaction is voided.
Online payment systems have all sorts of restrictions to avoid fraud and misuse and whilst being as good as the credit card systems is not good enough, one of these systems is evolving rapidly and uses groundbreaking technology to bring a truly global payments system, and the other one is a system created in 1950, riddled with fraud and fees and often used to get young adults into debt.
@_date: 2016-05-23 10:47:09
Neither is downvoting because you disagree. On the subject of user shaming, as someone who has done plenty of coding in their time, I would have a hard time contributing to a project where a bunch of non contributory people sat around and criticised my work. I guess we could call that dev shaming? Anyway my intention is to pay homage to them since we're all freeloaders of open source software here. I am glad there are visionaries and luminaries like yourself who know better, but I'm much more glad that there are contributors in the world who work for the greater good and it's those people who I'm here to celebrate. 
You, I don't care about, I think that part is pretty clear by now.
@_date: 2016-05-23 15:30:48
Where would I go to vote on the proof of work algorithm? or even the block retarget algorithm? I know I can influence the algorithm by adding or removing hashpower to the network and then waiting a set block interval for the algorithm to adjust the difficulty target, but this is not the same as having a direct influence on how the decision is made, just a partial influence on the ultimate outcome of that defined algorithm.
It's not feasible to have every aspect of the algorithm up for constant re-evaluation. Some things have just been enforced by committee and are unlikely to change unless very significant technical issues arise (such as sha256) whilst others such as difficulty retargeting use market forces to make decisions but are at the end of the day human-designed algorithms that are known to be inaccurate or inefficient at times, but not to a degree that the effort and risk to change them outweighs their utility.
On the demand side there is already a way to influence tx inclusion - fees. On the supply side, you have a group of miners who care about 3 things: filling blocks with high fee txns, avoiding orphaned blocks and solving blocks as quickly as possible.
If any of these measures are useful in agreeing on block sizing, sure, include them in some appropriate algorithm and make adjustments on a co-operative basis. But if the measures just serve to further miner's interests, who is going to be any happier than the current situation?
Again for me it goes back to the same situation - everyone talks about this great algorithm that dynamically sets block sizes, but very few have produced one, and those that have are arguably inadequate or they would have been adopted by the community already. The suggestion that people are fundametally against increasing the blocksize is generally wrong bar a few notable people, most agree that it needs to be done, and most agree with you - choosing another arbitary value by committee is not the answer, a proper programmatic solution involving enhancement and efficency improvements for what is a 7 year old protocol &amp; technology is the way that a technologist solves a problem like this.
@_date: 2016-05-23 09:33:47


Regardless of fee? Or should there be some sort of a mechanism to stop someone from filling blocks with zero fee transactions that would need to be distributed to all full nodes? What fee and should it graduate or just stay at a set minimum fee? 
@_date: 2016-05-23 15:46:27
Firstly, a quick fix just sets a precedent for continuing to break the network into the future as dynamics change. It takes a lot to get the entire network to adopt the change - I can only imagine how many different versions are out there now.
Second, the coders think like coders and many users do not. When you make a change like this it requires a lot of testing and the agreement from all involved. How many devs would invest significant time sitting there driving through a change to a single constant in the code which breaks the network consensus and adds no value for the future? Not only would many devs be reluctant to front it, they'd probably consider all of the good stuff they could have been doing with that time.
Meanwhile the network is not broken and people continue to whinge and bitch about this percieved lack of interest while huge code changes with actual value get driven through, which will introduce optimisation and reduce the block size further, giving both on-disk and network benefits and introduce more functionality.
I personally love that the devs don't get brought down to a lower level to pacify those who are not intrinsically involved in day to day development, and are working their way to the same end goal while being bashed mercilessly through. Why should they maintain someone else's codebase? Good on them.
@_date: 2015-10-23 08:32:16
GNU/Unix (a backronym for GNU is Not UNIX) never referred to an Operating System, only some utilities used by different unix-like OSes. GNU/Linux is a name often used by Richard Stallman and other FOSS advicates because of the use of these same tools in Linux distributions and the use of the GNU Public License (GPL) to license the code.
The use of Linux in the enterprise WAS a significant move for enterprise customers. Prior to this, most enterprises used vendor supported platform specific OSes like VMS, Tru64, AIX, SunOS/Solaris etc etc. The previous poster's point was absolutely valid and is supported historically
@_date: 2016-05-23 09:24:19
How's he wrong? I might have missed it but I don't believe I have seen statements from these retailers dropping Bitcoin suggesting full blocks and latency are an issue.
Can you show me some examples please?
@_date: 2015-03-06 07:31:59


Well, I haven't worked for the US Marshalls, but I've worked in IT for both government and banking and I've seen how slow the pace of technological innovation is, and it's exactly why we're still stuck with these batch processing systems and antiquated interchange technologies like SWIFT and ACH.
Being able to do something at home does not logically draw a conclusion about the ability for bureaucracies to adopt the same technologies. The reverse is MUCH more difficult with lots of internal resistance and policy and procedural changes.
So I do conclude that some nerd in is more capable of utilising relatively new peer to peer technologies than a Government department is - it's entirely true, the cost and barrier is much lower.
@_date: 2015-03-06 05:04:21
Agreed, credit where credit is due - it boggles my mind that the bureaucracy managed to get their head around this at all. More likely than not they've engaged a private contractor, if you consider the return from the sale of these assets and the vast array of different types of assets that the US gov must sieze and sell, I'd say they would have external contractors handle the transfer side of it.
@_date: 2015-03-06 05:18:57
Arguably, the hundreds of comments on reddit last time didn't seem to sway the behaviour much. Sometimes there's a need to appeal to a higher authority to moderate behaviours that aren't appropriate.
It would be nice though to have the community act in a more consultative way rather than instances like this which seem to be attempts at backdooring personal agendas despite lack of community acceptance.
@_date: 2016-05-23 09:13:30
How many transactions per second should be supported?
@_date: 2016-05-23 17:23:14
Sure, and they have classic which offers exactly that. This was about trying to push a 2MB hardfork in Core which has never been on the roadmap.
@_date: 2016-05-23 16:02:26
Per above, he called them dipshits for letting some Chinese miners with only self-interest in mind hold a bunch of devs to a static increase of the blocksize with no real benefit to all of the users affected since there is absolutely no current impact to the userbase (despite all of the publicity this gets).
I can't speak about this the way that Greg M can given his developer contributions but let's put the same context into a business decision, if I were project managing a team of developers who let one business unit do something like this for their own self interest, causing impact to the rest of the business, with no great benefit other than buying some more time to either do nothing (as these self interest groups have not proposed any great functional improvement) or do what we were going to do anyway, I would absolutely be throwing around the term dipshit.
@_date: 2016-05-23 10:40:27
I don't think you get it? I have been around the bitcoin community for years and I have seen this debate rage on, but this is something that people who have this exposure to the community and technology care about - others care simply about clicking the button and seeing the intended behaviour.
Yes, your suggestion that retailers are dropping bitcoin over the block size debate is very surprising and in my eyes, unlikely. 
I cannot find ANYTHING that even remotely backs your claim about Newegg dropping bitcoin support over slow transaction confirmation issues. 
I had a look at that post you linked to and you're being intellectially dishonest with me now. These guys have posted to that they can't afford to train staff in RBF and whatever other ridiculous notion that they have that the current state of bitcoin requires this in any way to accept a transaction.
Right now you can transfer money just as you always have been able to. I asked you for evidence that full blocks and latency for transactions were turning retailers away. Not someone who is suggesting that the technology will become much more complex until open source developers implement whatever it is they demand. That's both a technical stance by the business and also a preemptive move based on a percieved experience which just does not exist currently.
@_date: 2015-02-19 05:07:48
This will just increase, there's absolutely no point even measuring these nodes. I am sure once upon a time other protocol based networks were small enough that people would note this sort of behaviour (check out this Bittorrent Client/HTTP server/etc, it acts abnormally). Soon enough these sort of things become so prevalent that fingerprinting is changed to identify the characteristics of active nodes and ignore these non-standard nodes.
Not so long ago, there was commonly used software (for example, Zonealarm) which would monitor traffic to user PCs and for every single incoming connection including pings, ask the user to select an action (allow/reject). It seems ridiculous in today's context but back then malicious traffic was much less prevalent and people actually expected the vast amount of incoming internet traffic to be genuine.
In the end, this is a characteristic of a growing network. Eventually, we'll filter these out like we do the web spiders, almost never ending ICMP probes, fake P2P peers, broken torrent clients, VPN &amp; encrypted protocols, etc.
@_date: 2016-05-23 16:31:08
An unnecessary hardfork for a static 2MB blocksize after segwit code is released? Where did they ask for that?
@_date: 2015-02-15 14:50:45
Odd that 8 minutes before that they legitimately transferred 100 BTC. Seems likely it was connected with the other 2 txns around the same time
@_date: 2016-05-23 10:25:03


It's just not, at all: 
Take a look at the mempool stats. All of the txns are making it into blocks, with the last few blocks in the 200kb range.


Bitcoin is a lot of different things. It's a whitepaper subject that became a technical protocol, currency and a technical subculture. A lot of very difficult and clever mechanisms were worked into bitcoin to avoid the key roadblocks to adoption of a self sustaining electronic currency.
But to just state that a perfect solution should be implemented is useless. The entire ecosystem is undergoing great change to cope. There is no single, simple solution to the problem that meets all of the criteria available. This is why relevant building blocks are being integrated in now, to enable a path forward.
Those who can't code for shit and who sit back and say that blocksizes should simply be increased for now because it happens to fit their narrow circumstances, who don't give a fuck about sustainability or the fact that the ecosystem is multifaceted and not everyone fits the same use case as theirs, offer nothing to the community.
By the time that segwit and lightening code is ready, we'll probably have real, legitimate full blocks. But instead of unsustainble knee-jerk implementation of greater limits to the detriment of those running the infrastructure, you'll have new innovative technology that can be used to further bitcoin development.
What is interesting is of all of these proponents of just increasing the block size who have not spent the last few months coding improvements, none have forked the source and hard-set a block size that they all agreed with. If it's so easy to win consensus with that move the "fix" would already be done, and it would have maintained backwards compatibility up until miners joined in the effort.
Of course that would require everyone to come to an agreement and with all these different agendas out there I am only glad that the developers kept developing all the while.
@_date: 2015-02-15 14:58:48
Sorry dude. 
@_date: 2015-02-07 15:02:01
Circle don't require a US card, mine works fine from Singapore, but... they do make it clear that non-US cards might not work.
@_date: 2016-07-09 17:07:27
that's cute
@_date: 2015-02-07 15:29:17
but all those dodgy bamboo shacks look the same!!
@_date: 2015-02-15 14:57:47
No chance. Nobody would return those 7170 BTC, I can't see how they will be found, this one's dead and a lot of people are out coins.
@_date: 2015-02-07 15:37:59
You're misreading it, we're talking about which countries/banks you can do card payments from. It's pretty clear, to be honest.
@_date: 2015-02-07 15:32:56
It is, but multiple miners can band together in pools to find blocks, which get split between the miners in the pool based on work completed. There's a slight overhead involved but it's been a long time since the average block was mined by one entity alone.
@_date: 2016-05-23 15:55:24
Nobody needs to test a hardfork, they killed hundreds of shitcoins as the shitcoin devs made poor decisions based on arbitary values set in their forked bitcoin sources, and next to none of the userbase bothered to upgrade when they worked out how useless the coins were. There is no way this is a plus, it breaks the network and not everybody is in a position to immediately adopt the latest version - think about those with heavily integrated bitcoin software, embedded applications, etc.
The upcoming HF is to implement a bunch of new technologies along with no further need to HF in the future for blocksize changes. Why push a premature HF when the network is running fine to implement a single static change with no functional benefits?
@_date: 2015-02-07 15:35:48
They had some filters in the racks in front of the PSU, and for the money involved I'd guess that's about as much as you could do really.
@_date: 2016-07-08 16:52:36
@_date: 2016-07-24 04:44:01
A hardfork simply means that previously enforced behaviour will change from block x, if consensus is reached across the network prior to that point.
It's not the hardfork mechanism which was an issue, it was hardforking to reverse a transaction, which concerns many because we would have a serious problem if we were left in a position where there was reasonable doubt that a transfer to us would potentially be reversed in the future. There is a long held understanding that after a number of confirmations, the transfer is immortalized in the blockchain. 
Violating this principle means a lot of people would need to rethink their trust in the confirmation of transfers. Of course it is not this dire as the purpose and circumstance behind it was quite unique, but there's a slippery slope argument once the community chooses to adopt such a measure.
@_date: 2015-02-07 14:59:12
Can help you with testing with a Singapore card if you're interested
@_date: 2016-05-23 09:19:12
I'd be interested to see the economics of mining currently before the halving - can you share the numbers you have?