@_author: pikakilla
@_date: 2015-12-02 04:30:11
You are correct. I checked the FAQ on what the SEC does. Civil only and can refer if warranted.
@_date: 2014-07-15 03:48:53
There is no need for such drama. GAAP defines three types of defined benefit pension measurements.
1) The most restrictive, or present benefit obligation, which basically says that ALL employees must be funded to their FUTURE VALUE of their current earnings based on the FUTURE EARNINGS of the company
2) Accumulated Benefit Obligation, the same as above, except ignoring the future earnings of the company
3) Vested Benefit Obligation, the same as (2) except that it only accounts for employees who are fully vested in the pension program.
Ignoring the legal obligations of a defined benefit program, the first will obviously create the largest obligation for the corporation. Now, businesses want to reduce risk as much as possible. Such actions are both rational and reasonable. Why would I, as a CFO, want to report the possible pension obligation to a first year employee when he may either be fired or move on to greener pastures? That is not fair to the employee (who may have stock in the company) nor is it fair to the company (as it overstates the true pension obligation). Therefore, GAAP allows companies to define pensions in the manner that best fits the pension program that their company operates under. 
I can go into greater detail if you would like, but it will have to be when I have more free time. I am neglecting the separate legal entities that pension programs operate under alongside the nuanced accounting principles that companies have to follow when reporting fully funded pension programs.
Basically, to say that companies raid pensions is overly dramatic. Pensions are legal obligations, and if me, as an investor, was not fully informed of these obligations, I would be fully within my rights to sue the pants off of any company that did not report these obligations.
@_date: 2014-07-14 23:24:32
Yes, they do have debt, and this debt is a problem but why? Thankfully, we are able to view the financials ourselves!
See note 2 page 7. See cash flows from operating activities. See the line item "Retiree health benefits."
The usps is mandated to prepay all current workers health retirement benefits. This is a huge liability that restricts the ability of the usps to efficiently use its cash flows. In otherwords, it is like running a marathon with 50lb weights strapped to your legs. 
@_date: 2014-07-15 21:47:07
Do you really want lower wages for postal workers? These individuals are the ones responsible for delivering extremely sensitive and damaging items to you. These individuals could completely ruin your life if they had no morals.
From an economic standpoint: these individuals must be extremely trustworthy. You wouldn't want an individual who has no morals delivering your certified mail, grandma's check, etc... He could easily take it and blackmail you. We, as a nation, must pay a premium on these individuals as they are unfortunately rare in our society. Also, postal delivery does not translate into any other career. As such, these individuals could possibly work in a different job based on their trustworthiness and work ethic and possibly earn more money.
As such, we have to pay a premium on this labor to ensure that we get the most trustworthy and best working individuals. However, this premium cannot be too high, as the job itself is not too complicated.  
Yes, you CAN pay lower wages, but you may get the crack dealer who is trying to become "reformed" as the deliveryman for your mail. Is that what you would want?
@_date: 2014-08-07 04:20:39
Maybe not. University endowments like non conventional assets to lower the overall risk of the portfolio.
@_date: 2014-07-14 19:10:40
But not on express mail. The USPS does a perfectly fine job with priority mail and at a cost lower than fedex/ups.
@_date: 2014-07-15 21:38:17
Ya, no worries. Its hard to detect sarcasm without /s or the like in written text.
Pension liabilities are a problem though. That is why many corporations decided to offload the risk to the worker. Fair or not, it is a rational and reasonable decision.
@_date: 2013-12-02 03:01:06
A model is only as useful as its underlying assumptions. 
The stochastic analysis that you present to this community that neglects fundamental risks are dangerous to those who do not understand the underlying mathematics. I will not apologize for your shortsightedness. The simple fact that the variance is so large in such a short time frame should lead you to the conclusion that the model is fundamentally flawed and should not be presented to anyone in any authoritative position.
Blind guidance is worse than no guidance.
I am so harsh because you left your wallet address on the picture. You want money from this. If you want to be a professional, act like one and make sure your model is correct before publishing it. Otherwise you just look like a fool.
*edit 
OP replied (to paraphrase, as he deleted):
That was kind of mean
Everything has to be based off of some kind of model
@_date: 2013-12-02 02:38:57
The model OP provides takes the price and the present value of the option(security) at time T and gives a probability of the price of the security in the future. 
The underlying basis of his model comes from brownian motion, or the idea that the movement of the price of any security in the future is random based on the probability of past movements. 
The major problem with this model is that the OP posits that the probability of movement is based completely off of chance instead of some other underlying risk factors, such as market pumping or natural growth.
I will be happy to explain any questions you might have about the OP's model.
@_date: 2013-12-02 03:31:15
OP deleted everything after folks who know about stochastic processes came forward. Here is the guys picture and wallet so everyone does not fall for this bullshit again.
@_date: 2013-12-02 02:03:55
This model is worse than worthless. 
Your model only correlates the probabilities of price and time with the fiat currency risk free rate at time T. Your range will vary by 58% in one week. This means that your model neglects many inherent risk factors that will require months, maybe years, of research to quantify. For those who want to understand the basics of this graph read this:
I will gladly answer any further questions about the methodology behind this "analysis", how it was made, and why it is hogwash.