@_author: pilleus
@_date: 2015-02-05 02:55:45
TIL. thanks!
@_date: 2015-02-05 01:30:46
I get that drugs are bad, mkay, and "we" have a drug war to fight. What I'm drawing attention to is the legal precedent this sets beyond drugs. Can website operators be held accountable for their user's actions from now on. Could the CEO of YouTube be held accountable in Europe under European Hate Speech laws for Anti-Semetic things YouTube users post? Or does she have to make one Anti-Semetic post herself before being held accountable for all Anti-Semetic YouTube comments herself? ... Using your logic here. 
It is black and white. If something is illegal, it is illegal in the eyes of our law system. Law doesn't care if its drugs or hate speech, once a precedent is set, the precedent can be used in other cases. This is the beginning of a very slippery slope.  
@_date: 2015-02-05 00:01:17
What about the concept that he is being tried for the crimes the users of the Silk Road committed? 
He is charged with trafficking drugs on the internet, five conspiracy charges and a kingpin charge thats usually for mafia and cartel leaders? Every charge implies that he was actually selling drugs, when all he was doing was running a website where drugs, among other things, could be sold. 
What is the difference between Dread Pirates running the Silk Road marketplace where drugs, among other things, can be bought and sold and FedEx running a shipping company that delivers drugs, among other things, between people?
@_date: 2013-09-18 19:31:41
Then you wouldn't have a road from your house to wherever another road started. If you don't want to pay $75 a year to have a fire dept or police or whatever protect your house that's your choice. I, however, would and I would find a way to do it for less than 35% of my annual paycheck. 
@_date: 2013-09-19 01:51:53
Ok, your theories are getting a bit confusing. Let me ask you, is an olympian's gold medal his property? 
The olympian put in the work. He got up at the crack of dawn and worked his ass off for more than a decade and then had the mental focus to make it all come together on one specific day. 
However, he doesn't own that medal? Does anyone own it? The community he grew up in? Do his parents own it because they gave him his athletic genes? What are you saying?
@_date: 2013-09-19 16:33:46
please show me one example of that argument holding up in court. 
@_date: 2013-09-19 16:58:56
There will be a road network between people who deem traditional roads and cars the best way to transport themselves and goods.
What you're assuming is that everyone will deem traditional road transportation the best way to transport themselves. By freeing the resources stolen for today's road production, a massive opportunity with almost incomparable incentives is opened. People are free to transport themselves however they feel. If it is determined that gas powered cars on asphalt roads is the most efficient way, I have no doubt road systems would be built. Tom Woods quote, 


I, personally, think much better forms of transportation would come about. Car transportation today has negatives which can be solved, it's expensive, traffic, pollution, car crashes... etc. I think there is a better way to transport everyone from A to B. 
Don't talk to me about monopolies. I am an ancap. My life is fighting the biggest monopoly of all. The government is the the Don of Monopolies. I am still baffled how this is logical; because "we" need to stop monopolies, "we" are going to create one giant monopoly. The government runs the road transportation game and they do not allow any competition. That is why they're able to take 35% of personal income, $1.09 out of every $4 gallon of gas, + sales tax on car sales, dealer fees, registration taxes and fees, etc. just to provide the service of figuring out where a private company needs to lay some asphalt and paying them with other people's money.
As for the "natural monopolies" you speak of. Read this. [
Also, please try and refute private police or fire services on either economical or moral grounds. 
@_date: 2013-09-18 22:16:17
You do realize that "capitalism" is voluntary trading. when a trade is mutually beneficial to both parties they trade and both benefit. A "capitalist man" can't have "everything" because he gains through trade. he makes money, but you have an iPad, a Big Mac, a car, whatever you valued more than the money you just gave him.
Being "robbed" is when a theif steals someone's property without voluntarily trading something in return. Out of the two, a theif is much more likely to "have everything" while "you" have nothing.
@_date: 2013-09-19 05:55:34
Ok, so... You have no choice, you must use my stuff. There are no other options. Once you produce something, I, automatically, own a portion of whatever you make because you used my stuff during production.
Real World Example: I owned the basketball gym that Michael Jordon's high school team practiced in. It was the only gym in town. Because I owned the building that he was taught dunk skills in, I am now entitled to a percent of his net worth. This is because he wouldn't have become a legend without me and my building. I deem 35% of his net worth enough and I will be taking it because it's already mine to take since he already used my gym. 
I would LOVE to see that argument given in court.