@_author: pinastri
@_date: 2018-01-19 18:31:59
Its not really FUD though. It is a fact that BTC has high fees and is congested, Segwit or no Segwit. If you do the same transaction with Segwit on BTC, a litecoin transaction and an ETH transaction, then the BTC transaction will still be high fee and slow compared to the other two. And they all experience about the same transactions per day (and ETH actually processes more than BTC).
@_date: 2018-01-03 17:24:45
The asterisk is for "non-minable". I dont think thats the same as pre-mined.
@_date: 2018-01-03 17:58:29
you can pre-mine something before it is "minable". all non-minable coins are premined (i guess???) but not all premined coins are non-minable.
@_date: 2017-12-21 18:39:20
I was talking about ethereum, and that transaction volume is definitely not fake. A lot of the volume is coming from cryptokitties, ICO contributions and etherdelta. Those are all things a lot of people on the network regularly use, and you can see the stats of all the transactions going to those addresses. Scaling is a major concern, and with over 270k unconfirmed transactions with high average trx fees, bitcoin needs to do better regardless of real or fake volume, otherwise it puts off a lot of people from using it. This isn’t about someone else being better, this is about bitcoin needing to be better. Even if ethereum didn’t exist, bitcoin fees are too high.
@_date: 2017-12-21 17:00:56
Can you please explain?
@_date: 2017-12-21 18:20:36
Whats the point of decentralization, if only a select few with a lot of money can use it?
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:37:07
Right, but Segwit is only a 60% block size increase. Even if everyone use Segwit immediately, the fees would still be higher than they should be, and higher than most other coins.
@_date: 2017-12-19 18:48:32
I think the revolution is happening with the developers and people who are interested in making truly decentralized systems. We need to not only replace currencies, but we need to replace centralized corporations as well. The people who will do this are the devs who are working towards building things that everyone will use and will not profit a select few CEOS and stakeholders but SHOULD profit ALL of us. Everyone of us regardless of color, gender, religion and social standing need to share in the profits that are being horded by centralized systems (banks and corporations). There is no reason why all online financial activities (from social media, advertising, gambling and betting, stores like amazon and ebay, online banking, uber, Airbnb etc.) should be centralized and profit CEOs, while decentralized currencies and tokens mean this can all be shared by everybody.
And that’s why the most dangerous people who will harm this revolution ARE the people who sit at home ordering pizzas and buying lambos, and margin trading on poloniex, and manipulating markets because they were early investors. All the people who are joining in speculatively who don’t move their bitcoin outside of coinbase, or don’t move their alts outside of Bittrex. All the people betting on the price of Bitcoin through futures. These are the leaches who will screw all of us over AGAIN and still force us to have the same financial inequality problems we have with centralized systems.
We need to stop celebrating the price and posting memes and picking the colors of our lambos. What we need to do is to use our cryptos, run nodes, mine and validate any and EVERY coin that displays TRUE decentralized characteristics. We shouldn’t JUST buy cryptocurrencies and tokens, we should become part of those communities so that we can help this revolution.
This will only be a bubble if we let it become one. If we are lazy and complacent. If we participate in rabid speculation and shilling and pump and dumps. It will only be a bubble if we put in all our money, but none of the time to make this worthwhile. The total market cap of all cryptos is $600 billion and what do we have to show for it? Not much except dreams of lambos and inadequate scaling. The total market cap of all cryptos CAN be justified at tens of trillions if we replace UBER, AMAZON, PAYPAL, MONEYGRAM, ONLINE GAMBLING and SPORTS BETTING, CLOUD STORAGE, AIR BNB, EBAY, etc. Those things generate trillions every year for a very select few. We will deserve those trillions once we replace those systems with our nodes and our code.
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:59:11
But are people really willing and happy to pay $40 dollars for the sake of "maximum" decentralization? You would need a transaction value of at least $4000 for the fee to be 1%. That is just absurd on so many levels, because a majority of people dont even have that kind of money. Whats the point of decentralization if only a select few can use it. How much worse is a 2MB, or 4MB compared to a 1MB block when it comes to decentralization? Surely a mere 1MB -&gt; 2MB change doesnt immediately mean bitcoin is super centralized.
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:32:22
The fees are almost 30x higher than a coin that does more than TWICE the daily transactions of bitcoin
With the unconfirmed transaction also going up, it seems like there needs to be a solution, and fast. Is there any emergency solution in place to fix this before lightning network is live, and more people are using segwit? It is pretty frustrating seeing the fees being this high.
@_date: 2017-10-25 15:17:58
More like:
Me: how many dollars per bitcoin?
Nurse: 1 bitcoin is $5500. But dont despair, your wallet now has an equal amount of Bitcoin Cash, Bitcoin gold, bitcoin segwit 2x, bitcoin silver, bitcoin 16x etc.