@_author: pingolo_palantaemon
@_date: 2017-10-12 13:02:55
First of all, the reason they invented fractional reserve banking is because that's the only way to make sure money collects interest and doesn't just sit there losing value (it would still be tied to inflation/hyperinflation anyway if you did that). If you deposit money, you must know that it's going into a fractional reserve system, otherwise you are a moron. You're entering a contract with a bank, to obtain a very useful service that's crucial for the functioning of modern economies.
If you want to avoid that, keep the cash in your house, or buy some commodity like a metal or whatever and see if that works better for maintaining your money. That will come with its own problems and probably won't be worth it, but it's your money. If you want the service that banking provides, then deal with the risks (and the fact that they also want to make a profit, bankers aren't here to provide a charitable guarantee for your wealth at no cost, and I don't know what makes people think they would be entitled to that).
As for preventing the catastrophe, what are you even talking about. They aren't responsible, not any more than any average person in that country. If some outside catastrophe comes in and fucks up the economy, what are they supposed to do? Especially when in both cases, it's not really an outside catastrophe, but a problem caused by the people themselves. 
Whoever the blame for WWI may lie on, Germany *did* decide to enter WWI, and ended up losing. They could have deposed their Kaiser before he led them to war, they could have done a million thing. But in the end they ended up in a ridiculous war that wiped out their economy for a decade, all the while their Kaiser and their nationalist agenda had huge public support (just as it did in virtually every European country at the time, I'm not trying to demonize the Germans here). 
Zimbabwe decided the best way forward was to follow Mugabe on his path to destroying their economy with his stupid policies, the people are just as responsible for letting it happen (in fact Mugabe was an elected leader and had huge public support). What were the banks supposed to do, stop the election and organise a coup? Go back in time and prevent colonisation? Or in Germany's case were they supposed to be the ones that desposed the German Kaiser and the Archduke of Austro-Hungary to prevent WWI? Sometimes, people have a brain fart and decide to make really bad decisions like going to war or fucking up the economy with Marxist policies, and unfortunately the dumb ones then go and blame it on the Jews or the bankers because they can't take responsibilities for their actions.
@_date: 2017-10-12 05:22:49
So why blame banks? Rich European nations decides to join in a World War, loses and gets shafted a bit unfairly, economy is struggling after a few million young men were taken out of the workforce and the country couldn't pay its reparations, and who's fault it is? Banks of course.
Same here, the citizens of a country that's been understandably heavily affected by colonialism elect a corrupt moron who personally takes over the economy and starts stealing and redistributing wealth while taking some for himself, all without any idea on how economics works. Who's fault is it? Banks.