@_author: pinkamina_d_pie
@_date: 2018-01-27 01:35:47
The value of bitcoin (not the price) is the value of the concept of a blockchain, plus the fact that bitcoin is the blockchain currency with the most adoption/usefulness (presumably staying true into the future, but this is not technically guaranteed).
There is a certain amount of value lost by needing a third-party to handle monetary transactions between individuals; it costs resources for the third party to do it, which is passed onto the payer/payee. While the infrastructure of bitcoin has not matured enough yet to be more cost effective for monetary transactions than banks, it can be. Once it is, the value it brings is the value of not needing that third party for the transaction, along with some other things I don't understand as well.
[The original white paper]( is surprisingly readable. While it is difficult to learn how to implement a blockchain, or make an app that uses it, it is easier than one might expect to understand a lot of value that bitcoin, or a blockchain currency in general, brings to the table.
@_date: 2018-01-27 18:28:30


The argument is not that blockchain is proprietary to Bitcoin; the argument is that Bitcoin is the most likely widely-adopted blockchain currency, because of the networking effect, so it is likely to be in the future. Of course, some other blockchain currency might end up being most widely-adopted. I'm not trying to make a case for speculating on one cryptocurrency over another, I'm just making the case for the value of Bitcoin in particular. As far as I can tell, there are several cryptocurrencies that would be as good or better than Bitcoin if they were as widely adopted, I'm fine with that.


The amount of power needed to perform a single transaction is theoretically tiny. The problem is that difficulty in validating transactions scales up as more people try to do it; the amount of worldwide energy expended increases without an increased rate of validations. How do we get that energy expenditure under control? That's an unsolved problem, but there is no reason there cannot be a solution.
Also, a decentralized network is arguably much less of a restriction than the restrictions of online banking. In my opinion, operating via a decentralized network is the opposite of a restriction.
As far as making Bitcoin better and faster than the alternatives, that's a different ballgame. The only real advantage Bitcoin has is popularity/adoption. If some other cryptocurrency becomes widely adopted instead, great, let's use that one.