@_author: pinkythepig
@_date: 2015-05-29 23:55:02
Thanks for your greatly insightful comment. It really adds a lot to the discussion.
The whole point of a physical presence is that bitcoin would have less fees than the alternatives such as prepaid credit cards which absolutely ream consumers on fees. 5 dollars to buy the card, a few dollars to check the balance, a few more to make an ATM withdrawal etc. etc.
With bitcoin, someone could do all of that with less fees, without needing to be beholden to the credit card industry.
It also completes the circle of being able to bypass banks. You use cash for in person purchases, and turn that cash into bitcoins for online purposes. No need for a bank account, credit card, wire transfer or any other overpriced bank service.
@_date: 2015-05-29 20:49:36
I think what is really needed for bitcoin is some sort of physical presense, even if it was just a kiosk in a mall, or a 'giftcard' at a store. That way, people with only access to cash (without a bank account) could transfer money into bitcoins that could then be used online.
Now, instead of having to pay 55 dollars for a 50 dollar preloaded giftcard, you can just load up on some bitcoins (for presumably, less than 5 dollars).
Imagine just going to the grocery store, and while checking out, you could add $10 to your bitcoin wallet by showing the QR code to the cashier.
@_date: 2015-08-14 15:32:35
Switch to Ally if local credit unions don't have a good offering (some credit unions are just as bad as banks). It is an online only bank, savings account gets ~1% interest, and you get refunded up to 20$ in ATM fees every month.
They don't have account fees or minimum balance requirements etc. either. Only fees you pay are for things that are stuff you never typically need such as paying overdrafts (which you can turn off), passing bad checks etc.
@_date: 2015-07-28 15:01:03
Except bill gates was a terrible human being until he started donating everything to charity. A copy pasta summary from a reddit thread a while back that summarizes it better than I ever could:
















