@_author: pinochetsenpai
@_date: 2017-05-30 01:31:12
I am still not sure why the value of bit coin seems so erratic over the years. I recall it being $1,000 dropping down to $200 and now we have it at $2,260+ which is an all time high if I am not mistaken.
I would feel a lot more confident investing in bitcoin if I knew what trends to look out for to buy and sell. I can't imagine people just blindly throw money into bitcoin and hope for the best there has to be some sort of strategy to profit or it's not viable to invest in long term(At least not substantial amounts).
@_date: 2017-05-30 02:25:06
This makes a lot of sense. Sure bitcoin adoption has risen over the past 10 years or so but it is nowhere near the level of the dollar,much less gold(at least not yet). If it were bitcoin would be thousands of times more valuable. With that said I feel as if the title bitcoin is misleading and counter intuitive to bringing more early adopters because coin makes it sound like it is always a small sum when in reality it is comparatively huge than what you'd imagine to be a regular coin(like a penny for example). That reminds me what are all the units of bitcoin(I only remember satoshi being the smallest unit)?
So in conclusion if I understood you correctly it is so early in the bitcoin's life cycle that the market is really open to speculation as to whether or not it will grow in popularity? The obvious outcome is that if you belong to the camp that believes it will grow in adaption than it will become more valuable across the board if enough people feel the same way(and commit to buying them). On the other hand if you are of the school of thought that it will taper off and you and enough people feel the same you will all panic sell and bring the value down. 
Another major element I can see is that since there is always a definite supply in the market that you'd need to buy a significant amount if you really wanted to have any sort of degree of control in the market(which is obviously far easier said than done).
So if I understand correctly there is really no magic number of when to jump on the bitcoin train only to keep your risk low by limiting investments to what you can safely go without if it collapses(unlikely),invest while at a low point(preferably historic) and cash out somewhere along a high point(maybe slowly garnish off some of your investment as it rises in value so if it drops again you at least retain some profit and then rinse and repeat). The only problem I see with such a method is that you miss out on massive profits if it continues to rise and you are all out of coins to sell which is a real bummer because then it just becomes somewhat like gambling which is the antithesis of a wise investment.
I definitely learned a lot today from asking this question and am very thankful for your long thoughtful answer earlier.