@_author: piokle
@_date: 2015-11-02 19:51:48
No china is pushing the rally.  Its just people worried about government capital controls.  As governments get more crazy and prohibit trading and other things in China or other places, people will flee to Bitcoin safety.  The Chinese government tried to say people can't trade stocks, because they didn't want anyone to sell stocks crashing the market. Can you imagine such a rigged market? Its not much different in the communist USA.  People will naturally come to Bitcoin because of the freedom it provides, and its permissionless.  Also the market was waiting for arbitrage.  The price in China has been about 20-30 dollars larger than USA exchanges.  Today that gap has shrunk, while new highs are reached on USA exchanges, the China exchanges still have barely reached new highs.  Now that the market has equalized expect another push to $400 and beyond, with china leading the charge,  My guess is china will go to about $430-$450, and USA exchanges will stay at $405 for a while.  Then over time arbitrage will equalize the markets again for the next push upwards.  We could see $3,000 by the end of this bull run.
@_date: 2015-11-02 20:27:40
They tried that before and banned Bitcoin in china like a dozen times.  I think government is more compartmentalized, and everyone has a little power including we the people.  Also if they do make it illegal, it still doesn't stop Bitcoin.  Bitcoin is permissionless, and anyone can use it and they can't stop it.  They make marijuana illegal too, and they still can't stop it.  Alcohol prohibition failed also.  Bitcoin prohibition will fail as well.  It may make the price of bitcoin skyrocket same as drugs skyrocket when made illegal.  Its a dangerous game for governments to play.  Because if Bitcoin and crypto is inevitable they also do not want their country left behind if it is going to gain global adoption.  Just some things to think about, but I do not completely know the reason.  I thought governments would have been more hostile to Bitcoin in the early days.  Perhaps they could have killed it in the cradle, but it hasn't happened. Thank God for that.