@_author: pirate_cowboy2000
@_date: 2013-03-25 04:17:41
It's not foolish to save in an inflationary economy as long as you're doing it right; all it really takes is the correct use of leverage.  Savers/hoarders should not "naturally benefit more" than those that use debt because savers/hoarders take less risk, if any.  It's tough to say that you smashed his 2nd argument since borrowers lose purchasing power, while lazy savers are rewarded.
@_date: 2013-03-25 19:17:54


Yes, you could potentially use an index, but a forward rate would be required to determine an accurate yield for indenture.  The reason this is not done isn't because of politics, it's because it is impractical.  Think about it over the term of a typical 30yr home mortgage, or in financial accounting where a historical yield is applied after the passage of time to determine profitability and discount amortization because it is based on the market rate at that point in time.


Like most assets, gold would not be a good index by itself since price changes are due to other factors as well.


This doesn't make sense because indentures are termed upfront, in a competitive market.  Are you implying that banks have insider knowledge about future market rates?


I agree, they should be rewarded, but never more than the successful risk taker. 
In either environment, it really boils down to proper financial management.  There is nothing wrong with using debt, and I think it has become a taboo word among people my age.  When I hear my friends talk about "I just paid off all my debt", I think "great, but now you're losing because you still have USD in your pocket".  They just don't know how to play the game.
@_date: 2013-03-25 04:56:33
sorry, I couldn't help it...only because I don't personally know anyone over 30 hoarding bitcoins right now.
@_date: 2013-03-04 06:43:48
gutsy move, just knowing that Amazon has free shipping on some returns, you could lose more than the original purchase just being a middle man.
Is there not a way to reciprocate a receipt from the supplier so that the purchaser can handle returns on their own?
edit:  what about gift receipt to facilitate return?
@_date: 2013-02-28 16:12:51
right, the efficient market would exist when


however, the following downward pressure on aggregate supply would not cause a


(thus, inconsistent) more so because of the limit placed on


(i.e. intrinsic value) no matter the decimal places
I'm happy to celebrate while keeping wits about me.
*edit formatting
@_date: 2013-02-28 00:31:55
wow, wouldn't have figured that.  Always thought it was a mountain in Japan I never heard of, Mt. Gohks
@_date: 2013-03-03 23:38:47
That's great that you can remain anonymous by paying with BTC, but the reputation of the VPN is probably even more important, since transmitting a private key through a 3rd party server significantly increases the risk of getting your btc account hacked.
@_date: 2013-02-22 05:14:05
I have been thinking about the Bitcoin appreciation aspect also, mainly because the Bitcoin experiment has taken place only since the FED lowered the interest rate to nothing.  When this rate starts to rise again, I think it could present an interesting scenario to diverge the short-term and long-term Bitcoin holders.
@_date: 2013-03-04 01:21:18
not to sound like a dick, but isn't that where ASIC chips have been coming from?  why wouldn't there be an assumption that btc is a business there also?
In a paranoid state, I once envisioned a huge mining operation over there with a lot of Chinese nerds sitting around laughing while American's invest their moneys, only hurting the US economy further as the monetary value leaves the domestic economy when profits are extracted in China.
@_date: 2013-03-22 21:14:05
the best advice on trading in markets lacking fundamentals comes only from one man:
source: IMA daytrader
@_date: 2013-04-10 22:51:31
in a short position, you borrow to sell, then buy to cover.  Sell high, buy low.  he would not have to loan his btc to anyone.
@_date: 2013-03-23 04:55:23
People operating outside of their element in order to make a quick profit is exactly the problem.  It's called greed, and if you don't know what you're doing, then you deserve to lose your pant.  Sorry for being blunt,  but I can't help but to laugh when I see bush league posts like OP asking everyone to chill and hold.  Last time I checked, the whole point of a free market is for people to do what they want with what they have, and as Milton Friedman said, nobody has the right to persuade someone else otherwise.
Further, it is the same greed that is causing the erratic behavior, which in turn creates the drama.  In other words, you're doing it to yourself and then crying about it (generally speaking), so maybe a good starting point for you is to first identify what greed is and how it works.
At the end of the day, the only advice that is worth ANYTHING can only be the advice that helps you sleep easy.  To put it another way, you can't expect someone else to give reliable guidance in areas like this because nobody knows your particular position.  As someone that has traded in markets over the past decade, and was also combat infantry, the only tip you need to know when dealing with speculative assets is this: always have an exit strategy.
tl/dr: do your own homework and man up, or stay home.
@_date: 2013-03-22 15:40:26
I have thought similarly with the only difference being that the US would ideally target individuals outside of the domestic economy, e.g. people flocking from the Euro crisis.  This way, Euros would be translated to USD when the "dump" occurs, equating to a net FDI inflow that would raise GDP %.
Of course, none of this really matters if we bail them out anyway, and it could totally go the other way as well.
@_date: 2013-03-04 01:34:54
ah, I have never made a btc purchase over the internet, but I recognize the error I have conjectured with respect to the order of operations and cryptography.  Maybe I should have said "password" instead of private key
@_date: 2013-02-28 06:05:24


This is inconsistent with an efficient market, and even more so in the case of btc since the "intrinsic value" of btc comes entirely from the occurrence of transactions.
@_date: 2013-02-26 01:03:04
this is it right here...generate revenue in the process while simultaneously instilling distrust in the system (because we all know the media will jump all over that).  No need for regulation or block manipulation, but they could just add some regulation for kicks. lol
Noosterdam is right in that you would be able pick up tons of cheap coin after the crashes, but this becomes futile if you are unable to sell the coin for worthwhile profit before future crashes what would be desultory as the remaining btc holders unload their coin to recover personal losses, if they can, because most of the unsophisticated investors would surely leave the market after losing their shirt, likewise, new investors would become too wary to enter.  So you end up with a group of "smart traders" holding a lot of btc...This sounds an awfully familiar to an efficient market dilemma.