@_author: pirate-freedom
@_date: 2016-04-13 15:41:14




So, it seems to me that it's not just holding that gives a currency a certain value, but instead, it's the combination of 
* a party who has the currency and is willing to exchange it for a certain amount of goods, services, or another currency
* a counterparty who wants that currency and is willing to exchange a certain amount of goods, services, or another currency for it.
Hoarding can inflate a currency's value by making the amount of it available for trade more scarce, but even if that scarcity drives the price up, you still need a counterparty to exchange with to unlock that value, right?  
In other words, holding doesn't produce demand, it only limits supply (which can inflate prices if demand stays the same, but that's different from actually producing demand).  People's willingness to trade other value for it is what produces actual demand.


That's a huge oversimplification of how currency markets work, and it's mostly wrong.  When a currency's price goes up, the holders of that currency can buy more with it, but the counterparties to those trades have to exchange more goods and services to acquire that currency.  As the price of a currency rises, people's willingness to trade for it goes down because the amount of value they need to give up for it is higher.  Currency is like all other commodities, rising prices puts downward pressure on demand.
@_date: 2016-04-13 17:52:03


You're not creating demand, you're limiting supply.  If offers to buy your bitcoin dry up (i.e. demand for bitcoin dries up), it won't protect your value if current holders refuse to sell unless there's someone around who wants to buy.  If the people who hold don't want to buy, and the people who don't hold don't want to buy, your bitcoin would become practically worthless even if the holders refuse to sell.
@_date: 2016-04-12 15:09:16


Right, a person's only reason to hold a dollar is to store value *until they exchange it for goods and services*, meaning that storage of value is only one component of why people value holding an asset.  The other component is the ability to transact with it.  The amount of time a person holds a dollar before spending, lending, or investing it should tell you something about how much market participants care about value storage over value transfer when it comes to their currencies.


My contention is that people want to hold dollars to transact with them at a future date.  The ability to store value is important, but so is the ability to transact.  Those concerns need to be weighed against each other, and the fact that most people don't hold dollars long before spending, lending, or investing should tell us something about whether value storage or transactability is more important.
@_date: 2016-04-12 17:58:23


I disagree that it's irrelevant.  When I'm choosing what form to store my wealth in, I choose what makes sense based on how I'm planning on using it.  I don't put every dollar I get into my safe deposit box at the bank even though it might be more secure there.  I keep dollars I'm planning on spending in my wallet because they're easier to transact with when they're in my wallet.


This is key because a person who is choosing a currency will choose the one that makes the most sense for their specific use case.  If I don't care about the long term value of my money because I'm going to spend, lend, or invest it in the very near future, why would I choose a currency that's hard to transact with, even if it does have superior value storage properties?  And why would I pay a premium for that currency to the hoarders who demand more in trade for it because of value storage properties that aren't important to me?
@_date: 2016-04-12 14:32:44
This assumes that the priority of most market participants is to store value, which I don't think is a fair assumption considering so many people carry debt, so many people lend, and so many people invest in companies rather than lock dollars or gold up in a safe somewhere.  Most people are interested in currency because it allows them to transact easily to exchange their labor and goods for other labor and goods.  The only people who want assets to hold outside the economy are nutjob doomsday preppers, and that will always be a niche sector.
@_date: 2016-04-12 19:35:08
This is an interesting perspective, although, it leads me to wonder what "value" means in a context without transactions.  Typically value is measured in terms of what a certain commodity could be exchanged for, so if you're taking exchange out of the equation, what do you even mean by "value" or the storage of "value"?
@_date: 2016-04-12 21:06:25


But if there's no one on the other side of the transaction willing to accept your goods/services/other currency in exchange for your currency, how do you measure value?  Sure you might be willing to part with your currency for $100,000,000 but if no one exists on the other side of that transaction, can we really say that your currency can be "valued" as such?


Willingness to hold vs. what?  In a context where there are no transactions, my *only* option is to hold, so how does that give my currency "value" in terms of other goods/services/currencies?
@_date: 2016-01-28 16:06:20
If companies were willing to put their cash on hand into high risk, high transactional overhead investments like bitcoin to maximize ROI, there are better returns to be had than just beating inflation.  Companies keep their cash on hand in cash because it's low risk and because cash can be used to pay their operating costs directly.
@_date: 2016-01-28 18:25:08
Yikes, you just learned that today?  Bitcoin went from like $1200 in November 2013 to around $200 in early 2015.  If a company was holding bitcoin instead of cash, it would have lost over 80% of its purchasing power in a little over a year.  How is that *not* risky?
@_date: 2015-10-13 17:12:30
Actually, one of the features of capitalism is price stability through futures markets.  Without this price stability, there would be a lot more risk in running a business because you wouldn't be able to project your costs accurately.
@_date: 2015-10-12 16:11:00


I don't think this is true.  In a scenario where infrastructure is unreliable, bitcoin might not be as useful as gold.  In extreme circumstances where a country's government or economy/currency is collapsing, how certain can you be that the people you'll need to transact with will have bitcoin wallets set up and will have certain access to the grid such that they can keep their phones and computers charged.  Wouldn't gold make a much more certain bartering tool since it basically takes no infrastructure to transact with?