@_author: piranhax
@_date: 2017-12-23 18:33:06
If BTC felt threaten of course everything is on the table. How is Bcash any different than a sybil attack.
@_date: 2017-01-26 21:39:19
KYC is complete bullshit! Just like AML! Just more fascist, totalitarian control by big brother government. They must control the sheep.
@_date: 2017-01-26 21:11:23
Fuck AML,KYC ! There is no such thing as money laundering! It's nothing more than a made up term to take control of your money!  You are not free ! These are all just slave terms. 
99% of the population isn't made up of criminal organizations. Just like 99% of us aren't terrorist. We are treated like we are. Police using sting rays, NSA spying, government owned fake cell towers, TSA putting their hands down our pants, No knock search warrants, FBI can hack into a computer without a warrant. We need to say no, I'm not giving up my freedoms, privacy for safety. 
KYC? Really ? Know you customer and anti money laundering =is profiling, and discrimination based on ? Whatever they decide. Big brother is taking  control of your money slowly until you have no control.  Banks are now the Stasi  arm of the police and governments. Why ? If they can control your money, they own you. Your a complete slave. 
All this in the name of keeping us safe. Safety from whom? I'm starting to fear our government more than any other entity.
@_date: 2018-02-11 21:22:33
This is also abolishing your privacy and freedoms. Money Laundering is a made up term for control. Money is money.. Transactions are transactions. Breaking the law is breaking the law. Saying spending money to make it look legit is .. bs. The problem isn't the money or made up terms like the above.. The problem is the illicit activity they were doing to make that money.   Go after the illegal activity!  Making it illegal to spend money in a certain way(control), that would other wise be legal, is akin to making certain free speech illegal (control) because of your political views. If you don't stand up for everyones rights, you will eventually lose yours.
@_date: 2018-02-10 19:00:34
Problem is governments and banks treat all of us as SLAVES, criminal's and terrorist with the KYC, AML. Think of it as scanning you and patting down every transaction, you make. Yes all banks now use software to examine every transaction you make, and flag patterns. Example: it's considered structuring despositing cash just under 10k.  Banks are now Stasi reporting arms of the government, they send info to FBI, LEA, and IRS, 99% of us aren't the above.  The biggest known money launders,  criminal's, and terrorist are the people behind these rules, and the banks. The  problem with all of this is, what happens in the future when everything is cashless, and you do something they don't like and cut you off?  Anyone heard of the stories of Banks shutting down peoples account without telling you why?  It's because you're suspected of one of the above because of AML, KYC rules. The keywords being "suspected" but the banks treat you as guilty without proof or defense.  This is a sneaky way to try and subvert our rights, I think a class action should be filed against banks. They act as though they are a private business reserving the right to serve whoever they choose. However being in bed so deep as a reporting arm of the government and other fringe government benefits. I think that someone could argue they are NOW a regulated hybrid governmental entity and our rights trump that private business rouse.    There are already laws on the books to go after criminals, controlling our money, access , or freedom to participate in trade/commerce is going too far in my opinion. Just way too much big brother(1984) and control. You can see how they are abusing it now "labeling" things they don't like BTC. There is a whole list of things like this that are given to Bank AML/KYC agents .  Wakeup Slaves..
@_date: 2016-07-22 18:19:10
I bet there's an Ethereum/ blockchain based torrent site coming soon.