@_author: pitzips
@_date: 2014-02-19 23:30:48
Hey guys! I'm the developer who integrated BTC payment, and ultimately the one who had to remove it from the site.  
spoke with JH in customer service. It was the customer service team feeling the brunt of the bitcoin stress. For one thing, it's a hard concept to grasp. This ends up being a fair bit of energy and confusion for everyone involved when things don't go as planned. 
Refunds aren't a one click button or API call. They required many folks in the office to double check things. When we sent BTC back for refunds, we had to be 100% sure we are sending it to the right place.
When we signed up with Coinbase, the company left a bad taste in our mouth with initial interactions. Support was lacking (seems to be much improved now). Without going into specifics, one of the higher ups kind of back-stabbed us for a promotion we were doing. They also removed our IPN address from the settings if our site returned a 404 just ONCE. This was hell for me as people would be paying but our site was never notified. Only after I noticed and added back (a couple times) would it work again. 
Getting locked out of Coinbase for 24 hours if mis-typing your 2-factor auth is bull. As a merchant, we should have had a phone line to call, or something. Getting locked out of a crucial account for a high volume business is not something we can afford.
As for the community, you guys have been amazing. I  spoke to plenty of you to make sure you were taken care of. 
We gave it a shot, and are happy to look into it in the future, but may have to have a few more things in place before-hand. I've heard much better things about BitPay, and will try them out for the second shot.
@_date: 2013-09-04 19:03:10
Woo hoo! Make sure to let us know any feedback that would make you happier. We're a year old startup, but bitcoin is brand new to the site. My ears are open.
-Carlos, Lead Dev @ Giftcard Zen
@_date: 2013-09-04 21:36:05
Unfortunately, at the moment we are not setup to ship to other countries. Our CEO is from Canada, and we can't even send to his friends there. It's set up like that because it's safe for all parties. Though, Bitcoin really changes this for us (for the better), and we're in talks right now about opening it up to other countries.
@_date: 2013-08-30 02:29:41
Correct, they are not. We guarantee every single one of our cards, so for any reason at all if you have an issue, just ping us and we'll make sure you are smiling. 
Edit: On our homepage you can see that we buy cards from individuals. That's just one of a few ways we acquire cards.
@_date: 2013-09-04 23:00:11
Muhaha, while his post did seem quite 'markety' - I can assure you that we don't know him, and I wouldn't have ran into the other room and smacked a little tiny gong in celebration for my integration working smoothly.
-Carlos (Dev dude at GCZ)
@_date: 2013-08-30 01:57:16
There is one notable factor that separates us from Gyft. They generate new cards which have 0% chance of going bad. Our cards are purchased from individuals. We fraud check who we purchase from, but fraud can still happen (rare). In that event, the card went "bad" (possibly purchased with stolen CC) and there needs to be dialogue with who we sold it to (you, a bitcoin user). We want to correct the situation, but can't if we know nothing about you.
That said, I want to to have the system require the least amount of information possible. Hopefully by the end of a dialogue it's to everyone's understanding why we ask for the little we may have to.
@_date: 2013-08-30 02:00:48
We're looking to get rid of sending in IDs shortly. There are other ways we can do the checks we need. I love the idea for selling gift cards for bitcoin, but that's extremely risky for us. We send bitcoin, anonymously, and it would be impossible to have any accountability on the cards we just purchased. There are some ways that it would be possible though, depending on some timing. I'll chat with Aaron (boss) about your suggestion tomorrow morning.
-Carlos (Dev @ GCZ)
@_date: 2013-09-04 21:03:08
We do! But unlike a few other companies we don't generate cards on the fly. We buy them from people, then share the savings to you. It's very rare that someone wants to rid of their Amazon cards because they are so much like cash. We get them in maybe once a month.
@_date: 2013-09-04 20:35:14
Sure can!
-Carlos (Dev @ GCZ)
edit: Done, just pushed it live! Thanks for the suggestion!
@_date: 2013-09-04 21:37:04
I would err on the side of no for the cards we have. We are not set up at the moment to support international orders at the moment.
@_date: 2013-08-30 01:42:38
Hey there. I'm Carlos, the lead developer for Giftcard Zen and wanted to hop in and answer your questions. 
The Target cards you see are the ones we have in stock. We only have 1 Shell card in at the moment.
Edit: Electronic cards are emailed to you, and you'll have the number and pin.
Any card on our site can be purchased with bitcoin now. If you see it, you can buy it.
We hear you about the gas and groceries, and you can bet that we'll be chatting on how best to make sure we do whatever we can.
As for anonymous purchase, our system wasn't originally designed for anonymous, but rest assure, we hear you about the KYC info. We do require (probably more than common for bitcoiners) information at the moment, but that's mostly because we are tip-toeing into it. We are in an extremely high fraud industry, so we need to cover some bases while we jump into new things.
That said, I hear you. Any feedback about what you feel is appropriate amounts of information to ask...or really anything else, please send our way. I'd also like to know who you think has an incredible checkout experience that is right in line with bitcoiners.
@_date: 2013-08-30 13:17:55
Thanks for checking us out! Of those three I know we get iTunes in very regularly. There's also a few regular folks who gobble them all up. Best bet is to sign up for notifications so you can know when more come in.
@_date: 2013-09-04 23:02:27
Nope, I'm the Dev guy here. Aaron (boss man) is answering on the other account. Though, I did forget signature :-P