@_author: pivoxi
@_date: 2014-03-17 07:42:17
NXT is resistant to 90% attacks. Check out transparent forging: [link](
@_date: 2014-06-13 12:12:34
@_date: 2014-06-13 12:24:58
He's not just "any reddit" comment. Im pretty sure he knows more than you do on the subject. 
What about the bitcoin fork of 11.03.2013? You trusted bitcoin devs didn't you?
@_date: 2014-03-17 12:52:47


Kinda have to disagree with you there. On a bitcoin perspective sure. But there are out there cryptos that aren't a copy cat of btc. Most notably NXT which is 100% POS. By consequence it requires to be 100% premined. Saying premining puts in jeopardy the resilience of the cryptocoin is definitely an overstatement, NXT given how drastically different from BTC for instance is resistant to 90% attacks.  
My point being, don't let misconceptions you have on alternative copycat cryptos cloud your judgment, there sure is plenty of shitty coins, but among them there are coins pushing cryptos one step further.
@_date: 2014-03-17 07:54:28
You should checkout NXT. It has its flaws and still needs a lot of development (keep in mind Bitcoin has a 5 year head start). But it seems to be exactly what you are talking about. [link 1 (in particular the section NXT solutions)]( and [link 2 (to understand what they are talking about)](
@_date: 2014-03-17 07:11:49
How exactly is that different from bitcoin? You don't get btc out of the blue, you either buy them or you invest in the equipment to mine it (as long as it's a viable option). Same thing here, you either buy NXT or you buy miners to get NXT from other currencies.
@_date: 2014-03-17 07:15:44
I'm no expert either, I remember reading about this on bitcointalk. The nxt thread is huge though, haven't been successful at finding it yet. I'll post if I find it, you made me curious. 
@_date: 2014-03-17 05:58:11
You are actually wrong, to give you an example I can mention NXT coin, not only it's resistant to 51% attacks but also 90% attacks. The coin is 100% POS, it's entirely premined meaning there isn't such a thing as "mining" but rather what is called "forging". Simply put, by having NXT coins and having a client connected to the network (very lightweight), every time a transaction occurs you have a certain chance of getting the fee. Now unlike OP states, you don't get rich at forging. The amount is so low you can compare forging to the interest in your bank account.   
This level of resistance will come with what is called transparent forging: 


As you may know, Bitcoin et al. can be attacked by an entity that possesses 51% of hashing power. 2 main scenarios are possible:  
1. Part of the miners leave the "legit" branch of the blockchain and start mining their own branch.  
2. Someone buys/produces mining equipment and starts mining secret branch.  
[...]  
What does this transparency mean? It means that anyone can predict (with very high probability) who and when will generate next block(s). And this gives us superior advantages:  
1. Transactions can be sent directly to the miner who will mine the next block (if he decides to reveal his location on the Internet), thus saving traffic and coming much closer to VISA/MasterCard processing volumes.  
2. Blocks can be generated in advance and sent to most of the miners before they become valid (timestamp validation), thus greatly reducing rate of orphaned blocks.  
3. Due to ability to predict timestamps of future blocks (rate of blocks) it becomes possible to set appropriate fees to assure quick confirmations for important transactions (without paying too much for inclusion into a block).   
And the most important feature:  
The network can detect which miners don't take part in block generation and act accordingly.  
The last point deserves to be described with more details.  
Imagine someone is going to do a "51%" attack against Nxt and he owns 90% of all coins. The adversary must stop generating blocks for legit branch coz he won't be able to compete against 100% mining power with his 90%. So he decides to "skip" his turn to generate a block. The rest 10% of the network detects this and penalizes the adversary by setting his mining power to 0 and distributing it among other miners. Now the network is back to 100% power coz everyone got 10-fold increase. The adversary can mine other branch in a secret place but it won't be able to replace the legit branch. Of course, the 2nd branch will have 100% "hashing" power tied to it as well, coz the attacker will get his 90% bumped to 100% but this can be counteracted by some mechanisms of advanced consensus (still not revealed).  
As a 100% PoS currency Nxt is protected against a government wealthy entity that could buy/produce a lot of ASICs, with the transparent mining it's protected even against someone buying most of the coins.
Since there isn't a way to mine NXT it's very user unfriendly: as of now you have to buy it. But these kind of issues are fading rapidly, as of recently you can mine other coins and get paid in NXT.   
So, why would you use a coin you can't mine or you can't get rich from forging? Because the strength of NXT (I don't know the others, so I don't know if it applies, I stick to what I know) comes from what you can build on top of it.  
NXT is based heavily in decentralization (even more than Bitcoin). What NXT lacks it covers in terms of a whole range of features you can build on top of the network. One of these was the recently introduced (will come officially in the next weeks) is an Asset Exchange, which is decentralized exchange (I'm looking at you MtGox). Other ideas are a decentralized DNS, distributed file storage, instant transactions, etc.
So it's good that other ideas spawn. Bitcoin firstly introduced it, if somewhere there is a coin capable of offering more then let it be.