@_author: pizzatran
@_date: 2014-12-19 19:07:29
The point is to use the existing Bitcoin infrastructure for added security. The more people mining and using bitcoin the more secure the blockchain becomes. Bitcoin is the first cryptocurrency and has the largest user base and thus the most secure blockchain (more complex blockchain). Bitmessage works on similar principles as that of bitcoin, but does not use its blockchain and has a smaller user base making it less secure. I wouldn't be surprised to see the development of lots of applications that piggy back on to bitcoin. Those applications gain a level of security otherwise unheard while also making bitcoin more attractive to consumers because of its new found versatility.  Basically the same mechanisms that keep people from being able to counterfeit a bitcoin also make for a good way to keep anyone from tampering with your messages.
@_date: 2015-05-16 07:22:33
That's impressive. 
@_date: 2015-05-17 20:40:35
Yes, but they steal the wealth by printing more money. The more money they print the more money they are in control of and the less the dollar in your pocket is worth. Initial adopters can't print more money so they can't steal value. You can of course give them more value by buying and using bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-05-17 20:33:06
No one has control of that, nor should they. 
@_date: 2016-06-14 17:11:07
You should post this in r/cablefail
@_date: 2015-04-05 00:36:05
What? My comment to you was unrelated to the article. I was just generally stating that despite the fact that we regurgitate the phrase "innocent until proven guilty" it isn't actually practiced all that much in law. According to the link I attached in my previous comment within 7 years there were 262 exonerations because of DNA evidence. These were people that were already serving life sentences. If in their original trial they were treated as innocent until proven guilty they would have never been jailed because as it turns out they really were innocent. 
@_date: 2015-04-05 01:28:33
Personally I view it as governments see that they are loosing power and like a desperate soon to be ex significant other are trying to hold on even tighter. This of course usually roughens the blow of the inevitable break up. The 2015 CIA futures report even talks about how IT will lead to the increasing powers of nonnation-state entities. It's a good read: 
@_date: 2015-04-22 20:39:18
Umm.... Well for one thing. I never said that the government was responsible for making them successful. In some cases I think they did and others I think they didn't. That is neither here nor there. You are also assuming that you somehow know how technology would have turned out if it happened in a different order. Also the moon landing and development of GPS are decades apart so kind of a false equivalence maybe.. I'm really not sure why you connect the two. Big shows of grandeur are what get the money flowing into a project so was it really a waste? I mean who is to say that without going to the moon and manned exploration that anyone would even give a shit? I mean I don't really know. You could be right, but to make the claim that it was definitely a waste of money seems a bit naive to me.  
@_date: 2015-04-04 23:50:33
"I find that because of the ability to transfer funds or other assets instantaneously, prior notice to such persons of measures to be taken pursuant to this order would render those measures ineffectual"
Seems like this may be in response to bitcoin/cryptocurrencies without actually referencing any cryptocurrency. I could be wrong.
@_date: 2015-04-05 00:49:12
In regards to the article though. I posted it here because of the line "I find that because of the ability to transfer funds or other assets instantaneously, prior notice to such persons of measures to be taken pursuant to this order would render those measures ineffectual". This executive order means that the government can seize all of your assets before you even know that you are under investigation. I think the hope is that if they suspect someone of being a "person of interest" they can sieze that persons assets before they can convert their money to bitcoin and move it accross borders. This is overcourse silly because if said person already keeps their US assets in bitcoin or on the blockchain freezing them would be futile endeavor. You can only freeze someones bitcoin if you have access to their private keys. To me it seems like a desperate move as governments realize they are losing power. I could totally be reading way too into it, but I thought it would be something worth r/Bitcoin talking about.
@_date: 2015-04-22 22:07:39
That just isn't true. There are a multitude of factors at play in what is developed and used and improved upon. There are far more dead technologies than there are ones that are being used. This is very comparable to biological evolution. A creature couldn't evolve a foot until they first evolved a leg.. That doesn't mean either one was inevitable. A random mutation had to occur while the creature was in the right environment. Life went from being single celled to multicelled but there was still a lot of advancements to come for the single celled organisms. The chinese had small bamboo rockets over a thousand years ago, but they didn't push the tech further. We very well could have just never developed rockets for space travel. We could have just focused on more earthly pursuits and would probably have made greater progress in manufacturing and infrastructure without space tech. I don't know.. Neither do you. You are making claims that you can't possibly know... I'm also not claiming that the government is some holy savior. You seem to just dislike government so much that you are making any excuse to bemoan any contribution that they have ever made. 
@_date: 2015-04-22 21:28:09
The superior evolutionary path? The value of any evolutionary path is by definition subjective. Technology doesn't progress in a pattern of parallel lines. There is no ultimate goal. There is what can exist and what we happen to discover to be useful. If you change one aspect of the timeline you have no idea how it would affect things. I am not saying that you are necessarily wrong, just that you can't possibly know that. Just because a technology pays for itself or is profitable doesn't mean it would definitely have been discovered without a whole host of other random factors coming into play.
@_date: 2015-04-22 19:44:40
The internet, TOR (and through TOR also TAILS), The transistor, pretty much all the tech that got silicon valley rolling, the microwave, lasers, Everything to do with space exploration all started from government funded projects. TOR is mostly funded by the navy. Microwave ovens were also an off shoot from a military funded project. Weapons applications might drive the initial funding but the technologies produced typically benefit the general public even more. It's my personal opinion that we shouldn't fret over the science that is being funded and instead work harder to limit the power of those who seek to control the tech and through the tech control us. It is true that we can't change the system from within, but we now have the opportunity to build a better system outside of the current house of cards. If our system truly is better than it is only a matter of time before instead of toppling the empire it simply absorbs it. It may very well be that all of that money from the U.S. military may actually hasten its own collapse. I am willing to bet that the powers that be within the military see it differently and expect all of these technologies actually increase U.S. influence throughout the world. Either way I am betting on bitcoin. Sorry for the rant.. I am procrastinating on a take home exam.
@_date: 2015-04-22 22:46:15
Directing yes, but they are still subject to the currents of random mutation. Suppose governments didn't exist, WHY would TOR have ever been invented then? By your own arguments government would be necessary and inevitable. Please don't employ the naturalistic fallacy. 
@_date: 2015-04-05 01:46:44
I agree. I don't think we will ever have the kind of power within the current system that we might have once had. However radical decentralization may very well lead to a trustless form of governance that has never been seen before. To paraphrase Phillip K. Dick and directly quote Jack Terricloth "You can't change the system from within. The system changes you."
@_date: 2015-04-05 01:21:50
Eesh.. What a transparent show of ones true intent. It looks like I was late to the show on my original post though. I didn't realize this same thing was posted two days ago, apparently. Conclusion: I should definitely reddit more. 
@_date: 2015-04-22 23:28:52
HA! OK. well I'm going to go work on my take home test now. I'll never perceive the vastness of reality if I don't pass this class.
@_date: 2015-04-05 00:13:16
I think the fact that so many people have been exonerated since the advent of DNA evidence shows that "innocent until proven guilty" stopped being taken seriously decades ago (at least in the US). Just to avoid any possible arguments here is my source 