@_author: pizzaface02
@_date: 2016-12-08 15:44:32
Full node operators have a lot less control over the network than people think. This was proven with Bitcoin XT and Bitcoin Classic. 
When XT started to take off, some unknown actor paid a Russian hacker large sums of money to DDOS Bitcoin XT peers (the hacker detailed this without disclosing the source of funds).
A supporter of Bitcoin Classic spun up over a thousand Bitcoin Classic nodes on Amazon Web Services in a well meaning, but deceptive attempt to boost the Bitcoin Classic node count. That didn't work, Classic was hamstrung by the HK meetings, and we still don't have 2MB blocks nearly a year later today.
As long as any implementation has a few dozen to a few hundred full nodes running out there in the wild in different Countries, that's enough for it to connect effectively to the network.
It's really the pools and miners who have to back any change as a beginning. The nodes, wallets, and technology around the protocol need to follow the miners. We all thought nodes meant more, but they don't. That's how it's played out on main net.
@_date: 2016-12-08 15:50:27
Hey, don't disrespect voodoo technical analysis. If enough people believe in something, it works. Technical analysis is a great way to visualize limit and other standing orders in the market that you will not see if you invest based on an "efficient market" hypothesis. Technical analysis is really good at showing resistance levels. Price movement with or without trading volume really do predict resistance in the other direction. This an be easily visualized with technical analysis. Also, pennants, gaps, these technical indicators statistically indicate price moves better than random guesses. I know because I've done backward looking analysis of market data using spss/minitab and stuff I wrote on random techical patterns vs. their subsequent price moves over large random samples personally over time to refine trading systems I've used personally.
Don't discount technical analysis. It's a valid tool to use when making short and long term investments!
Anyway... this clown isn't a guru on technical analysis. I'm sure I've forgotten twice as much about that as he's ever known. If you want to learn about it, check out James Dines and Richard Russell (RIP)'s old newsletters.
Edit: also, if you want some decent life advice, this ain't bad: 