@_author: pjh777
@_date: 2014-01-18 16:14:26
I guess for pretty much the same reasons as to why Boeing and Airbus aren't the 2 biggest airlines in the world.
@_date: 2014-02-13 23:27:40
Given the FBI can't find him he could just shut up shop and disappear with the coins any time he wanted.  This is ballsier - I'm a taking all your coins but please start depositing them again so I can do it all again.
It's a work of genius.
@_date: 2014-12-24 13:24:18
I have no way of knowing if you bought cannabis seeds, but your nym is "white1ce", so I'd have to be at least a little skeptical of your claim to be drug-free.
(hint - do a google image search for "whiteice")
@_date: 2017-08-24 00:16:57
I still don't fundamentally 'get it'.
Every transaction into and out of the Lightning network needs to be an actual blockchain tran.  Also if anything goes wrong in the LN then the 'recover ability' is that using clever crypto it all can be put right by committing actual  trans to the blockchain.  But if the costs of actually committing one of these trans to the blockchain is prohibitively high then it means in reality all the clever cypto that allows you fix the mess is for nought.
 So I have bitcoin in a wallet - I need to move it into a channel at a reasonable cost, I still can't see how even 50 t/s is even remotely close to what would be needed for a large population committing funds to and from channels.
Ontop of this 'large' purchases have to be done on chain, unless the coins are already committed in a channel, LN does nothing.
Maybe I'm missing something, but I just can't see how any of this works in a world where there's still 1MB blocks.
@_date: 2015-07-26 15:42:06
Um, why "borrow" money in the first place then?  If you're printing money to pay interest on the money you've borrowed surely you'd have been better printing the original amount rather than borrowing it?
@_date: 2015-04-11 17:11:36
I'm a bitcoin fan, but there's two things that I think will be true if bitcoin ever sees greater adoption:
More "closed" computing platforms - the sad thing is that for the average person having their bitcoins client on a ipad is more secure than on a PC - hardware external wallets aside we need a major jump in PC security before bitcoin could be widespread.  I mean if they hack your PC and get your credit card details then at least you have some comeback.  And no, just because you're a nerd with two self compliled binaries of linux one completely offline communicating with an untapable laser doesn't help the mainstream.
the other thing that things like visa/mastercard/paypal do is give me some confidence in buying from smallish websites.  Yes i'd spend bitcoin with amazon, but some small site selling something cheap?  no way am I sending them bitcoin - I'm amazed that there aren't already 100's of pretend websites hosted who knows where "selling" high end electronic goods for bitcoin.