@_author: pkop
@_date: 2017-12-07 14:47:39
Yes, but think of the power we all have if we simply HODL. Think about it.... Price will fall, probably violently and shake it weak hands. The fewer weak hands the less this will matter... If we just HODL, the possibilities are endless.....
@_date: 2017-12-18 16:57:26
Yea... and most people believe he's dead, so..
@_date: 2017-12-18 17:00:39
It still adds uncertainty that his voice might be added back to the conversation... 
@_date: 2017-12-02 16:47:52
Your comment added nothing to the conversation. It displays anger without content. It is vapid. 
@_date: 2017-12-18 16:53:40
Because Tether **claims** to be backed by the $. There's the difference. If they didn't, would each Tether be valued at ~ $1 like it is now?
@_date: 2017-12-02 16:49:48
You sound unhinged. Calm down, there's gonna be many posts about US tax policies and other regulations whether you like it or not. Just get used to it man.
@_date: 2017-08-17 01:56:42
Good for you for sharing your cautionary tale.
Remember, if it works, everyone would be doing it.. At least it wasn't much money.
edit: don't feel too bad, at least you [weren't this guy]( 
He lost waaay more and seems to be getting treated better than you lol.... i think it's the nature of these pyramid / investments schemes. People are railing against you because we see this pretty often, and are NEVER a good idea.
@_date: 2017-08-01 00:33:26
You're parroting info fed to you by governments, politicians, media, economists and banking industry. Have you thought things through step by step or looked at your own circumstances to see the logic of inflation = good is ridiculous?
This broad overview offers some good points about deflation occurring and being beneficial and why that is so: 
Paul Volcker, former fed chairman: “the idea that when people see prices falling they will stop buying those cheaper goods or cheaper food does not make much sense. And aiming for 2 percent inflation every year means that after a decade prices are more than 25 percent higher and the price level doubles every generation. That is not price stability, yet they call it price stability. I just do not understand central banks wanting a little inflation.”
Politicians love inflation because it enables them to borrow money from the future, postpone the consequences of doing it while benefiting "now" from the spending (essentially buying votes), running up the debt, and over long term devaluing that debt, by stealing from wages and purchasing power of middle and lower class (well..stealing from everyone, but disproportionally affecting non-wealthy).
Just ask yourself... when you start to see prices rising for most goods, do you purchase more? If you anticipate prices will be rising in the future (while your real wages stay the same, or lower) do you start budgeting all the things your going to purchase? Or do you cut back?
Imagine food, gas, essential items slowly rise in price. Does this leave you more or less money left over for spending on less essentials.. travel entertainment big ticket items like houses, cars, electronics etc?
How about healthcare &amp; education costs? Those have inflated... has that been beneficial? Even for those that support the "inflation incentivized to spend NOW" argument (which I think is terrible to the degree it actually happens)... they have to admit that a lot of spending needs to happen when it happens, and can't happen sooner. You can't send your 10 year old child to college because you anticipate prices rising in the future can you? You can't have an emergency surgery now for some accident that didn't happen yet. Yet, in both and other instances like those, you pay the higher prices all the same. You suffer the effects of massive inflation without having any ability to font-load the spending. These examples illustrate that problem most clearly, but it happens with almost all spending. There's no benefit from forcing people to spend before their actual need arises. Think of the frenetic psychological mindset this places upon people. Planning budgeting saving necessary consumption (vs over-consumption) go out the window. People decry the materialist consumerist mindset on one hand but praise inflationary incentivized discretionary spending on the other.
Now imagine if you anticipate prices falling. Imagine you know food and energy will slowly decline in price consistently (Just like electronics) while your wages stay constant... or rise in real terms . Seriously... visualize it. Now in that environment, do you anticipate feeling more or less comfortable and able to spend money on non essential items entertainment luxuries etc?
When gas prices go up... does the country do more or less driving? When they go down... what happens? When everything you are buying gets more expensive, do you have more or less money to put into your retirement account? How is this good for YOU?
People being less likely to borrow and go into massive debt, because paying it off will be harder, is a GOOD thing.
Incentivizing less frivolous &amp; speculative spending &amp; more saving is a GOOD thing. How many times have you heard about the millions of Americans who have no savings and a lot of debt. Is this ever considered a good thing?
Is the electronics and computing industry doing bad or good because of long term falling prices (and costs)? At least from the consumers perspective, is the answer not abundantly clear?
When less and less of an individuals pay needs to be allocated to the same quantity of goods.. this means they have more left over for other goods.
Yes, panic buying because of anticipation of future prices increases will decrease. How could this possibly be a bad thing? Necessities will inarguably still be purchased, even the detractors of deflation agree with this. They won't think through logically though, that with sticky wages, people will have MORE money available (AND confidence of more money available in the future) to purchase other things.
Banks (who make loans collateralized by ever increasing assets) and governments will not like this scenario. But thats ALSO a good thing.
Spending will be funded through savings rather than debt. The individual will be empowered, while institutions who depend on signing up more debt slaves will be weakened.
Politicians who make promises on the backs of future generations by saddling them with debt, will be weakened.
People would be empowered, and they will have to stress over "immediate" spending to get ahead of future inflation no longer.
They can be confident of spending today if they want to because they will know that prices will be lower in the future, so they don't have to worry about making ends meet as much.
Here's just some videos from a guy (Peter Schiff) who strongly supports falling prices. Search for other ones, he discusses it a lot:
@_date: 2017-08-16 17:30:01
Agreed. Which is the point I try to make when people talk about the "purpose of Bitcoin" only bing peer to peer cash.
No... if that was all, paypal/venmo would suffice.
First and foremost, we need a **sound money**. The standard of living benefits to society that will result from using sound vs inflationary money will be yuuge.
Frivolous spending on cheaply built goods, massive personal debt, no incentives to saving...will be relics of the past.
Debt financed spending by politicians to buy votes should also decrease massively, another benefit.
@_date: 2017-08-16 03:24:54
This guy's been spreading FUD everywhere... another thread he was complaining about fees on a $5 transaction.
Thousands of sends? Who the hell would do this? That this doesn't make economic sense says nothing about Bitcoins flaws, and says everything about your approach to a non problem.
Fake news!
Get a hardware wallet and copy your seed words OR how about you make multiple copies of your paper wallet keys? Don't complain about a terrible solution when simple ones exist.
@_date: 2017-08-16 01:22:12
I think your assumption that BTC is good for sending $5 to someone is where you went wrong. 
Digital gold, sound money, large transactions. 
@_date: 2017-08-16 22:39:12
Please watch: 
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:23:52
Yes, it instills responsibility and self reliance. There is and will be much pain getting there. The end result will be getting rid of the need to depend on central authorities like governments and banks (to such a degree... won't eliminate things entirely but...). 
Even within bitcoin, I think people will eventually not rely on central exchanges, and each person will be their own bank / exchange with further developments of decentralized exchange protocols. 
@_date: 2017-08-07 02:30:45
Just tell us, cmon... we'll think you're real cool if you tell us.
@_date: 2017-08-15 18:14:47
So what? I think your assumptions that the value of BTC is in extremely fast micro payments is misguided. 
It is in its "sound money" principles that it has extreme value, upon which many other layers will be based.
Hodl tight, the solutions you desire will come.. 
@_date: 2017-08-06 06:51:53
But so is adoption..
@_date: 2017-08-02 22:56:37
Then go build it, unless you have a weak mind. You certainly don't choose what others will build based on your own preferences.
@_date: 2017-08-15 11:34:39
Buy from an exchange, then send to your own paper or hardware wallet. 
@_date: 2017-08-16 01:42:51
Your use case will be fulfilled with second layers solutions. It *cannot* be fulfilled without creating a *better* money, because no one would adopt it otherwise.
The way to get to where you want to go is by "good money driving out bad":
Everything is going according to plan. Scaling faster than is necessary or possible such that it creates centralization can threaten the whole system. Security, stability, soundness of the core... adapting slowly and methodically, will get you where you want to go.
Just hang on for the ride man. Buy coffee with the weaker fiat currency you have. Hodl BTC until the S-curve of adoption slows to where people want to trade BTC for goods.
If all you want is peer to peer digital cash, what's wrong with square cash / paypal / venmo? So.. of course BTC isn't just peer to peer cash. We all have our preferences, but this is the killer feature of BTC to me (also in the white paper): 
**"Once a predetermined number of coins have entered
circulation, the incentive can transition entirely to transaction fees and be completely inflation
Whether *you* want to transact in Bitcoin right now is irrelevant. 21 million tokens have to absorb the current monetary system's value.
There's *NO* way for that to happen overnight without rapid price appreciation. When *that* happens, who the hell would part with their ever increasing currency?
Basic economics
Have you watched this? 
No matter how big you make the blocks, scaling a block chain to be "Visa" ain't happening without massive centralization. Second layer solutions are the only way. And that gives you virtually free small trxns.
@_date: 2017-08-16 03:26:42
How are high fees a problem people are in denial about? Lightning network / side chains / drive chains will solve this for payments in the future and are actively being developed.. for when people actually want to spend Bitcoin (which they don't now because it's too valuable relative to fiat).
Why would you want to make thousands of transactions? Who would think of this before just making copies of your wallet(s)? 
@_date: 2017-08-15 18:08:32
Lightning network &amp; sidechains. The "main chain" will be a solid store of value. Everything else will be derivatives from that. 
You need a sound money to be the base currency.
The value in BTC is not it's low cost transferability (although in large quantities it is extremely cheap to transfer anywhere in the world.) but in its sound money principles. This "costs" a lot to establish.
The security, finite quantity, and resistance to control and change of BTC will establish it as the base currency, from which many other applications (sidechains, lightning) can be used for very low cost day to day micro transactions.
@_date: 2017-08-15 18:18:02
How did you envision 21 million coins to establish itself as money? 
Overnight? Painlessly? Without volatility?
Did you not imagine that to replace current iterations of "currency", the 21 million coins would have to absorb the value of denominations that have trillions of $ of value?
Until that happens, no one will part with their ever increasing store of value. 
See "Good money drives out bad": 
When the "S-curve" of adoption approaches the top (slowdown), *THEN* people will feel comfortable spending BTC. Until that time, they will spend the weaker currency. 
This is just fundamental economics. 
In other words, everything people are saying about BTC not being a good currency currently is obviously true, but that says nothing about the future, or its potential generally.
And, it should be common sense that to get there from here will require exactly what we are seeing now: HODL
@_date: 2017-08-09 19:55:01
Just thinking on the fly, but I actually love this structure. Instead of borrowing or debt fueled spending, it actually forces budgeting and forethought. It inverts conventional practices completely (running up credit card debt day by day, regardless if the actual money to pay off is available to the individual ahead of time). 
The minute you commit to predictable future spending, you've "committed" that money and have to proceed accordingly thereafter... and there could be various incentives from businesses to "discount" those commitments as they occur like a version of "reward points". 
My family runs an apartment rental businesses. Just imagining (long term.. not any time soon) being able to have tenants open payments channels committing some proportion of the overall lease. It immediately would eliminate sooo many issues trying to vet tenants for ability to pay, and chase down money. Those that could "commit" more months could even receive discounts... 
@_date: 2017-08-18 23:53:55
Thinking that 8mb will "solve" scaling.. or that any on chain increase can seems naive. 
It just doesn't seem possible to reach "visa scale" on a blockchain:
@_date: 2017-08-15 18:07:40
Trust. They already do that with the $, and yet BTC exists because people know "fiat" govt money *WILL* be debased to fund politicians short-term spending incentives. 
Financed with debt, this will have to be paid off by stealing value from future generations, through inflation. 
Please study this page to understand why a centralized crypto currency, or any currency is generally less "sound" than a decentralized one.
@_date: 2017-08-09 19:29:25
But goods now are priced in relation to the supply of USD.
If all major businesses accept BTC as a viable currency, the corresponding exchange rate has to map proportional USD unit price to proportional BTC unit price. There's no way, given the extremely limited supply of BTC, that you would price 1 BTC to $10K to, lets say buy a house that would cost $400k.
Nobody would pay 40BTC for that house. That's way too much of the global supply of Bitcoin! Prices have to be grounded to some reference point, and the total supply outstanding is a big part of that.
My prediction is either:
1) BTC doesn't really catch on for various reasons, therefore most businesses don't accept it. 
2) It does catch on exactly like you say.. so on it's way up the S-curve of adoption, it is highly volatile and hoarded, as the price generally continuously rises. As the curve slows and flattens out, then people will be willing to trade it more for goods (because the fear of missing out on huge gains in appreciation will decrease). 
The only way BTC becomes accepted widely and freely exchanged is when it's value is much more stable. Not that it stops rising altogether, just when it reaches some more stable equilibrium based on it's more widespread usage and absorption of "worse" monies ([good money drives out bad] ( 
The only way this happens is if BTC absorbs money value of a large portion of currency or Gold market. 
If *that* happens.... waaaay over 10k. 
I don't see BTC being "kinda" useful. Either the theoretical strong features of BTC fulfill their promise, no existential flaws become apparent (hacks, game theory flaws in protocol, etc).... or they don't. 
If it does.. then it would have to absorb much of competing currency value. If it doesn't do that, then that would only be because it didn't live up to it's promise because of some yet to be seen flaw or weakness. It's pretty much all or nothing. At the very least, if it only achieves "digital gold" status..well, just look at the total value of all gold reserves. I mean it doesn't even have to capture 25% of the gold market to be worth much more than $10K
see: 
"..This investment thesis asks the reader to consider BTC as the dominant world currency. If this is acceptable, the valuation is a comparatively simple matter of estimating the total value of all the world’s money.."
@_date: 2017-08-10 20:30:43
Maybe.. but I think the point of intrinsic here is that, apart from its speculative investment (future) "value''.. even if the price crashes or never reaches the heights we hope for, it still could have an intrinsic (fallback) use as simply a global transaction ledger. Large scale transactions between countries/corporations (in their preferred currency assuming BTC itself doesn't become global reserve currency/gold), remittences could be processed through the blockchain for transparency and validation, then immediately cashed out into fiat currency. This diminishes the valuation risk.
Bitcoins would entitle you to slots / vouchers / tickets to use this global transaction platform.
With LN &amp; payment channels, and thus smart contracts and who knows what eventual computation capabilities that could then be tacked onto Bitcoin network, you then also have a sort of global distributed trustless payment *and* computing platform.... this has in my opinion intrinsic value apart from speculative nature of BTC as currency.... though since usage of this network is a limited resource based on energy &amp; time scarcity... the BTC token does have *value* because it allocates usage of this network. 
@_date: 2017-08-05 19:34:01
In addition, governments like funding spending "today" by borrowing from the future through borrowing &amp; debt.
This is only sustainable by devaluing the currency and paying back the debt with cheaper dollars. The incentives lead to this outcome because 
1) They can do it. Unlike bitcoin, creating new money is easy.
2) The price to be paid for the benefit of buying votes today, is not paid by the politician, or the citizens of current generation, they are paid tomorrow. Therefore all involved don't have skin in the game. Only the "bag holders" of USD and their children.
Sound money is a leash on governments, but a lifesaver to savers, and savings and investment are the only path to long term prosperity and increases in technological innovation which leads to increases in quality of live.
@_date: 2017-08-15 18:12:39
Have you ever looked at the buy sell spread? 
Please investigate the assumptions you hold..
@_date: 2017-08-17 01:43:29
Did you have an idea in your mind about how it was possible to get 3.84% income per day?
Simply because someone told you something was true, doesn't mean you're off the hook for verifying if it's plausible. 
That kind of return for nothing, is not plausible. Wishing the BTC "community" adopts scams like this benefits no one.
Saving, hodling, dollar cost avg investing month by month. That is how you build up your BTC pile. Slowly, with patience and discipline.
Not free money temptations..
@_date: 2017-08-07 07:26:20
“It’s not about the technology, it’s about the money”
@_date: 2017-08-16 17:42:09
And I love it
@_date: 2017-08-20 20:54:47
But a short term slight increase in block size that will soon be filled, and which isn't a long term solution... while eroding the idea that Bitcoin won't change too much as a store of value (outside forces hardforking at will) wouldn't be worth the cost.
Scalability is *only* solved (to the degree that most people want it solved... large scale transactions) by 2nd layer solutions, lightning network etc. 
Have you seen these... please watch / read... very informative:
this shows that "on chain scaling" is a fools errand --&gt; [Scaling Bitcoin to Billions of Transactions Per Day](
This expands on why small blocks are much better for decentralization... the key to Bitcoin ever having value, else the whole thing falls apart --&gt; [Bitcoin scaling tradeoffs - Adam Back](
**True best use case of Bitcoin...** other layers / coins can be for cheap peer to peer / small-value transactions... But you NEED a base, sound-money, slow, stable, permanent *core*: 
[Bitcoins most valuable use case](
[Economics of Bitcoin as a settlement network](
And finally... nobody should be concerned about transacting money often, **yet**... we need Bitcoin to absorb the sum total of **much** more of the money supply. 
Given this, [good money will drive out bad]( and when you're hodling an appreciating money / currency... you will "spend" the weaker one. In this scenario we should not be optimizing for transacting, we should optimize first and foremost for sound money, and hodling... until the S-curve of adoption flattens and the exchange rate slows down. Until that happens, no one will be spending.  But we can never reach that point if sound-money principles are threatened or broken. 
See: 
Maintaining decentralization of this entire **core** layer, else the whole thing falls apart, is paramount.
@_date: 2017-08-06 19:47:30
I think it's already *MUCH* easier to send Bitcoin to anyone across the world, and faster, than fiat currency (*IF* we're talking a medium to large amount of money).
Do you realize how useful that is to businesses, corporations, governments, international travelers, etc.?
Have you tried moving large amounts of money between banks? It's not easy or quick.
@_date: 2017-08-20 21:22:53
I guess I just don't agree it's a problem. Sending small payments electronically has many solutions currently (paypal, venmo etc). 
Sound money immune to central banks &amp; governments doesn't. 
This feature should be upheld above all else.
Mining is already fairly centralized.. I don't see pushing towards something that incentivizes more pools &amp; centralization to avoid orphaning blocks as a necessary task right now. Eventually, sure.. just not right now. Especially because the cost is contentious hard forks pushed by players that care more about either their technical mining advantages, or their minimization of fees because they run centralized exchanges. 
This has nothing to do with, my personal and I imagine many others', use case of securing decentralized sound money (digital gold) to subvert fiat currencies.  Second layer solutions, though in development and not *here* yet... are close, and this decouples payments from the core primary value of Bitcoin's blockchain... and would enable a whole plethora of competing technologies and use cases..... why mess with the core though? 
Short term solutions (temporary) to short term problems, whose benefit would be ephemeral, but whose erosion to the core idea of an immutable Bitcoin would be permanent.. don't make sense to me. 
If we're gonna get massive transaction volume on 2nd layer, why are you so concerned with short term fees, when transacting **in** bitcoin is not a major use case currently. Threatening the future for the now... seems antithetical to what Bitcoin is all about.
"high fees" on a **high value** transaction network such as Bitcoin aren't a problem, especially and evidenced by, the increases in Bitcoin's value. To inject a significant portion of the world's money supply into 21 Million coins is going to necessitate a very large in crease in the value per coin. To secure this requires massive decentralization and extreme aversion to threats and changes from outside players. I really don't understand the impulsive desire to shoehorn this system into a micro payments network. There are other things for that use case! 
Players are initiating hard forks because they want control.. bigger blocks and splits will give them this. These same people opposed Seg Wit, the one solution that enables massive transaction volume and other use cases. Hard forks should be reserved for many upgrades at a time.. not short term useless pseudo scalability changes that last right up until the need for another hard fork.
@_date: 2017-08-16 01:36:09
Their desire for small blocks is because it is better for all forms of decentralization through ease of running a full node, not just satellites.
@_date: 2017-08-10 20:19:56
Nitpick.. though small, I think the distribution of investors is much more dispersed than Silicon Valley (which is a great thing..)
@_date: 2017-08-07 04:44:47
The "blockchain not Bitcoin" has been discussed a lot over the past few years... here's a good refutation of that point of view: 
Basically the coopting of blockchain by large centralized entities for no good reason (as it's not an improvement in efficiency over standard databases) misses the point of blockchain and bitcoin.
They are decentralized &amp; trustless. Once you concede to trusting a Bank or corporation company, whatever... there's no need for a consensus blockchain: you're already trusting them, they don't need to put their data in a blockchain.
And a government "adopting" a blockchain for their own currency also doesn't make sense: Why would others mine and trust a currency under the control of a state. And if it's not "under their control" then why not just use Bitcoin?
Bitcoin achieves sound money &amp; store of value first and foremost. Everything else can be built on top of it using [sidechains / drive chains]( pegged to the valuable, sound Bitcoin main chain... like derivatives, lightning payments, etc etc.
I think it will be around for a while, and keep its value (there will be ups and downs, but it has a lot of fiat &amp; gold value to absorb on its way up) because good money drives out bad:
Further reading: 
@_date: 2017-08-01 00:40:37
Future expected value affects the price today, and affects the supply and demand right now, obviously
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:14:34
Ok but it's not *arbitrary* why many of these currencies become worthless. It's fundamentally because they are fiat, and unbounded in nature, printed by governments that have no limits on their ability and incentive to debase, borrow, spend, wash rinse repeat. Loss of belief can certainly by the cause of Bitcoin losing all its value, but hyperinflation almost certainly wont. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 04:08:25
Yea.. but market cap does **not** mean that, for example, $130 Billion has been injected into BTC you know right?  Much less total money has actually been spent on Bitcoin overall, the latest price is just the marginal price.
So over time that 500 million could have been very strategic in boosting the price to some degree... and erasing it overnight would have an effect.
@_date: 2017-11-12 06:45:02
And the replies to your original comment are explaining why you're wrong.
Possession of BTC pre-fork give you access to BCH post fork, if you split your coins. Because you have the private keys to the pre-fork coins.
In your example, you **don't** have those private keys, Coinbase does. A transaction to a different wallet has nothing to do with giving you access to pre-fork BCH.
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:57:11
We can debate intentions but what relevance does that have to the reality of Bitcoin's characteristics now, which imply sound money/store of value?
I encourage you to read about Their's Law (it's not a super amazing theory, but it simply illustrates the nature of how currencies work).
Let's do a thought experiment and accept your premise that Bitcoin should be "spent" not hoarded and saved like a store of value. Let's assume we've solved scaling without harming decentralization, and transactions are almost nil.  Buying coffee is proportionally as cheap as sending $10K across the globe. 
[aside: One point I'd still be confused about is how day to day retail transactions could ever be practical within a network where blocks only confirm every 10 mins... ?]
Anyways... continuing on: Your ideal money is now a perfect currency. Yet... it still is finite. It still holds the characteristics I views as most important allowing it to be a store of value. There are still only 21 million coins. It's global, permission-less,  immune to fractional reserve etc etc.
So, what dynamic will *prevent* Their's law from taking hold (as it is now) that will allow X % of global M0/M1/M2 money from being absorbed by Bitcoin without hoarding? 
That transaction costs are 0 says nothing about why people would want to spend Bitcoin when massive amounts of currency will be funneled into it, just as is happening now. Not that you were making any points about transaction costs, just that even as ideal money, Bitcoin still incentivizes low time preference, saving, disincentivizes unnecessary consumption etc. Once you've embedded qualities in the currency that make it a sound and better money than alternatives, especially government fiat, their's no avoiding the behavior you seem to dislike.. saving. 
The adoption will likely follow and S-curve... large appreciation in $ value, hoarding/saving.. until it absorbs some significant percentage of global currency/gold value.. then the appreciation will slow down and settle... then it will: 
1) enable goods/services to be priced in BTC allowing Bitcoin to become a unit of account which will also decrease volatility 
2) make economic sense for people to spend Bitcoin (which it doesn't in any scenario where the price is appreciating)
**tl/dr**: There's no scenario where BTC is a perfect currency where it also isn't still a good store of value, and therefore there's no scenario where BTC succeeds by any definition where it isn't also absorbing into its finite 21M coins some significant % of global currency value and therefore **NOT spent** (Their's Law). 
@_date: 2017-11-13 17:33:16
Arguing against store of value outs you as an economic illiterate. We *already have* money that is a bad store of value. What purpose would a new currency that doesn’t store value serve us?
Satoshi damn well knew the value of sound money else he wouldn’t have limited the money supply. 
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:33:56
It can be logical without being deterministic right? 
@_date: 2017-11-16 07:19:49
I recommend you read "Scandal of Money" by George Gilder.
He covers all of the shenanigans centered around fiat money and how it has wrecked our economy, wages, trade, savings, technological growth etc etc.
Sound money promotes low time preferences/savings/investment/growth; while fiat inflationary / debt fueled economies promote high time preference / stagnation / financial crises / credit bubbles.
The subtitle of the book is: "Why Wall Street Recovers but the Economy Never Does". 
Very enlightening book, and he advocates for sound money (gold &amp; bitcoin), explains how we used to have money anchored to gold, which provided a stable strong "signal" sent throughout the economy, while now we have a foundation built on the shifting sand of "financialism" and central banks. 
Very enlightening and easy read with great insights. He approaches Bitcoin and it's potential from a unique perspective. 
@_date: 2017-11-09 09:39:05
It will cost you much more to "transact" in Gold, as well as to store, secure, and transfer. Also, how high would the transaction fee have to get where you would **actually** think it was high for a $1 Billion transaction which isn't even realistic for any scenario? Get real..
Are you naive or being purposely obtuse? Have you ever looked into what the transaction fees are when buying or selling Gold? How about the time and cost it would take to send it to someone in another city? 
Edit: oh.. redditor for 2 days. Obvious troll is obvious..
@_date: 2017-11-25 03:54:55
Maybe an extended blog post? For one of the crypto websites..
@_date: 2017-11-23 06:06:06
What does what people believe have anything to do with what "is"? Did people actually believe Mt. Gox was insolvent before it was too late? Did people think sub prime housing would bring down the economy? 
I'm *not* saying this is anywhere near those, I'm simply saying "what people believe" is the dumbest metric to base solvency on. Either they have the USD to back USDT, or they don't. Would be nice to verify somehow, would be nice if they guaranteed redemption (they don't). Seems there's a lot of "faith" going around within an industry based on trustlessness. I'd be thrilled to know everything's on the up and up. I'm certainly not going to be convinced by what everyone else believes without evidence. 
@_date: 2017-11-12 07:03:22
How so? It's as simple as you need to have possession of private key that controlled pre-fork coins, OR whoever does can split coins and award them to you. What'd I miss? 
@_date: 2017-11-16 23:26:07
Please read it, you won't regret it and it will blow your mind (perhaps I'm hyping it too much... but his perspective resonated with me strongly). Look up Gilder if you're unfamiliar, he's been a forward thinker for a long time...
Edit: also I hear he's writing a new book that may cover similar ground so keep an eye out..
He's  on twitter
@_date: 2017-11-23 06:15:20
Won't they always be pushed to their limits? So, same heat with more hash power?
Not like a consumer laptop where comfort and usability are tradeoffs for pure performance... seems like they'd always (for a while at least) be run as hot as possible..
@_date: 2017-11-12 06:38:28
You don't have access to the private keys of BTC of pre-fork coins, only Coinbase would. That transaction to your own wallet would exist only on BTC branch after fork.. Your statement would only apply to coins moved pre-fork.
Think about what you're saying in the context of someone sending Coinbase coins to someone else. That person wouldn't be able to claim BCH right? So neither can you...
@_date: 2017-11-21 04:22:26
At any given point in time, the market would clear at the price demanded, as defined by how much money was offered for Bitcoin.
If a portion of that money was fake, this implies real demand was lower. Theres no other way around this, and also that a new real demand would imply lower price. Also, new USDT has been continually created in batches... which might imply a bigger effect, a way to continue pumping (**IF this is what's happening**).
Many (legitimate) trades move in and out of USDT all the time. If USDT is insolvent, I guess these people's holdings are erased no?  How are they gonna buy Bitcoin next time?
I think this gets into the definition of inflation as well: an increase in the money supply (even if fake, for practical purposes the USD supply *increased*) increases prices. An immediate decrease would lower prices. Since USDT within exchanges is a much smaller "economy" than the whole USD market, this effect might have more impact than just printing dollars.
@_date: 2017-11-04 04:34:15
You seem to have a very specific definition of use that excludes "store of value". You many disagree, but many of us view Bitcoin primarily as digital gold, a finite distributed sound money immune to central bank printing, fractional reserve banking, and therefore a "money" that will continue to increase in value as it absorbs some significant % of global money/gold value. 
Given this assumption, the correct, logical, economic, practical **use** for Bitcoin, unless absolutely needed to buy some necessity, is savings, hodling, hoarding, whatever you want to call it. 
See: Their's Law. Good money drives out bad... or essentially an inverse way to look at the same dynamic, Greshem's Law. When given the choice while holding a sound money vs a fiat currency, people will spend the weaker currency. Always. There is no reason to spend Bitcoin when it is appreciating in value so clearly. 
There is also no way for global adoption and acceptance of Bitcoin even if viewed as "spendable money" without it rising in price drastically. *There are only 21 million coins*. There is a lot of fiat currency value to soak up. As the S-curve of adoption rises steeply, then settles down over time (after more wide distribution)...*Then* you will see people more willing to spend, because the opportunity cost of future gains will be lower. You're fighting against rational self interest expecting people to spend Bitcoin now.. But, it is a virtuous cycle because the price will attract more people to buy and hodl Bitcoin. 
[See this interview]( one of the best (in my opinion) explanations about  what Bitcoin is and it's best use case and value proposition. Hint: it is not to compete with Visa or buy coffee..
@_date: 2017-11-13 17:36:24
Yes, though you could say he got it exactly right since he put a cap on the money supply.
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:38:39
Seems like you're both getting close to straw man arguments. 
Quite simply, with sound money, first you will spend the weaker currency if you have both (so.. fiat). Then, it is not that you will *never spend* simply because your currency is appreciating in value...
Just that you will spend only when you need to. So the OP above advocating that we all should just go out and spend is shouting at the wind. People won't, and should not. Conspicuous consumption and high time preferences are the exact things Bitcoin will help fight against. 
But when you have purchases you really want (need?) like a house or a car or whatever, then you will spend some of your Bitcoin. But you *WILL* think twice on most purchases and whether you actually need this or whether you think the opportunity cost is too high and you prefer what you will be able to purchase in the future with more valuable Bitcoin.  This is low time preference, and is a good thing for individuals and the economy as a whole. It's what we had more of when we had sound money and a gold standard. Savings and investment lead to prosperity, not low time preference, inflationary fiat, and wasteful consumption.
If you actually believe sound money that appreciates will lead to *no* spending, then you're arguing that people will starve before they part with some of their money. "Oh but food is different". Well, it's only more pressing of a concern, but there are other needs besides food. Even simply entertainment or vacations or whatever can be viewed as needs by some if that is there preference. But spending just for the hell of it, or because your money is losing value so you better get rid of it now is exactly what we need less of. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 04:13:06
And *if* that's as bad as the problem gets... could be more beneath the surface.
@_date: 2017-11-04 06:35:50
What part of route around a problem didn't make sense to you?
@_date: 2017-11-05 07:21:47
(a lot of word vomit but i just kept thinking of points, so...)
To be honest my comment was somewhat rhetorical... and mainly, I straight up dispute your claim that Satoshi *didn't* intend Bitcoin to be a store of value:
Very simply, if he didn't wan't Bitcoin to be a store of value, he wouldn't have put the supply limit on the coins. There is no way a supply-limited coin won't hold value against fiat currencies. It's impossible.
And honestly, aren't you getting lost in semantics? Is *any* money is a good money if it doesn't store value, regardless if you want to hodl it or spend it?
Finally, intentions literally do not matter relative to outcomes. He may have wanted who knows what.. how does that supercede what is? Let's assume for arguments sake you're 100% correct and he absolutely wanted high-time preference spending vs low-time preference savings / hodling hoarding. Limiting the supply would simply negate that assumed intention would it not?
Bitcoin can perhaps be *more* of a currency later on, it's just appreciating so much now that people are hodling. When adoption (absorption of global fiat and some gold) becomes diffuse enough and slows down, we'll probably see people more freely spent. How can you rationalize anyone spending their money if it's going to appreciate so much? And how will any hard money that only totals 21 million units not sky rocket in price if it survives long enough? There's just too much damn global wealth that will be injected into it.. not enough coins for everyone etc..
I think the main distinction between gold and fiat is gold is inefficient and impractical to use as currency and didn't have a good unit to be unit of account. Bitcoin is better than gold in this respect, and better than fiat because it holds value better.
But the thoughts above ^ were me thinking out loud because now I realize I'm trying to argue your point that Bitcoin needs to be a "spending currency" lol. It may always be the store of value because relative to other money's it will probably hold more value. Wasn't that my original point? Once you set the supply limit in the protocol, isn't that game over for wanting people to spend spend spend? 
I've yet to be convinced by anyone that falling prices will be a bad thing. People need to eat. They need housing. The need needs. They *will* spend on these needs. Or won't they? Will they hoard their bitcoins until they die on the street from no shelter or food healthcare whatever? 
Computers have had falling prices yet people don't perpetually wait to buy.. they buy to get the use they want now. If Bitcoin forever continues to rapidly appreciate I agree it will rarely be spent, but I don't see why that would happen...otherwise gold would probably do the same. 
I concede your point that Zimbabwe dollars weren't replaced by Gold but rather better fiats... could that be partly explained by gold being an impractical money with ill defined units, hard to secure and transport etc? I dunno... sorry for so much text, to tired to edit more.
@_date: 2017-11-10 03:18:44
What part of the blockchain being irreversible don't you understand? 
@_date: 2017-11-15 04:34:01
Nobody cares. Go away if you can't handle the memes..
@_date: 2017-11-23 07:27:27
Amazing. What a story. I guess the lesson is, just "hodl on" a little bit longer, good things can happen! Don't sell at the bottom.. 
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:15:49
Which is kinda funny if you think about it because you're almost implicitly stating that that's when we should all sell, which means... lol
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:31:14
Well put. 
Would I be correct in guessing that you value Bitcoin more as a store-of-value, sound money, low volume high value, "digital gold" and support protecting these characteristics over worrying about Bitcoin achieving visa-level TPS, buying coffee etc... just curious what your view is?
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:20:46
Except that waiting till after the fork opens you up to the risk of missing out on the value forking off. Whether you think that it will be priced at .2 BTC or actually become the most valuable chain.. or anything in between means you're going to lose some potential value. Nobody knows what's going to happen, so the earlier you purchase "Bitcoin", the more future potential forks you will possess.... all future potential forks, and their corresponding value. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 01:32:05
This is about creating fake cash (out of thin air) called USDT and buying BTC with it. If they’re not backed by real $, how could it not be artificially inflating the price? Also, this USDT isn’t just used to buy BTC but for margin longs, adding leverage to the mix. 
It all boils down to if they really have the reserves (scary that it seems unauditable) and also that their terms imply they don’t have to redeem $ for USDT. I don’t understand why anyone trusts them, accept for people who don’t care but are willing to go along with it even if fraudulent.
@_date: 2017-11-04 05:18:12
You'll find many opinions on what Bitcoin's value is or why people support it. I'll just share mine:
Bitcoin is decentralized unlike fiat currencies. Therefore, it is out of the control of government (read: **politicians**) who like to finance more and more spending through debt. Fiat currencies enable this because the politicians who are incentivized to spend **now** to satisfy voters also have ability to create more money (at the federal level at least). 
Intertwined with this are the banks who benefit from the system of central banking and fiat currency, and from the banking system generally... fractional reserve money expansion etc. One consequence is wild swings in the business cycle from credit expansion/contraction, low interest rates provide no safe way to save, and desired "low" inflation over time devalues the currency. Long term this robs from savers by inflating away value from their money. This whole monetary system incentivizes [high time preference]( at all levels.
Sound, finite money (for example the gold standard in previous eras) promote low time preference long term thinking and behavior.
It rewards savings and disincentivizes profligate short term consumption and spending. It is immune to fractional reserve banking, puts people in control of their money, takes away that control from politicians (sorry :/) because they can't increase the money supply, reining in debt &amp; spending at both the personal and political levels.
Anyways you get the gist. 
**TL/DR** [Check out this interview]( for this sort of viewpoint explained clearly from an economist fluent in the economic fundamentals of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-10 03:16:44
I love how you and others are asking this question as if somehow you're absolved of the rule "don't leave your coins on an exchange" simply because you've invented a reason to keep them there.
**NO SHIT** you guys want to trade. What does that have to do with not getting hacked, or having your coins stolen / exchange shut down etc?
@_date: 2017-11-21 03:57:51
Unless Tether itself is a scam and not backed up by real $, which would then imply much of the buying of BTC with Tethers is also not backed up by real $, therefore inflated price. We shall see... This is the premise that  has been shouting from the rooftops about for months.
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:04:14
Buy below 7k.. (or now, doesn't really matter) and then never touch it for 5 years. Then after 5 years don't touch it again, unless at any point you absolutely need to spend some money.
Invest and put it away. Long term hodl. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 07:41:20
Alive? Seems like he's thriving.. Not really fat anymore and also now has plenty of money.. 
@_date: 2017-11-09 09:36:03
Why would you need a blockchain to make small purchases like that? That you thought it was supposed to be a "currency" seemingly for tiny purchases is *your* mistake, not Bitcoin's.
That idea doesn't even make sense anyways, as there already exist solutions for that use case. But not for what Bitcoin's true use case is, which is store of value, finite money supply, decentralized value store.. which it does perfectly. Go use pay pal or Visa to buy coffee... stop worrying about trivial things.
If fees were 0, would even be practical to wait &gt; 10mins to confirm a purchase? Of course not so it won't work in retail day to day purchases. It is for large value transactions and in that case waiting much longer for a lower fee would be fine. 
@_date: 2017-11-03 16:59:14
The cost of energy you haven't burned yet is most certainly not a sunk cost
@_date: 2017-11-03 18:10:20
Have you seen [this interview with Saifedean Ammous]( It such a succinct and clear explanation of the overall value proposition of Bitcoin (in my opinion).. you might enjoy it.
I thought of it because he mentions a point I always go back to in my mind: why do people get so wrapped up in super cheap low price transactions having to work on Bitcoin (at least right now)? Visa, paypal, square cash, etc etc work perfectly fine for this purpose.
And the value prop of that vs potentially kneecapping (by making wrong tradeoffs) the true world changing use of Bitcoin as completely decentralized store of value out of control of politicians and banks just seems so crazy to me.. once you have a base currency that everything else can anchor too, that you can also easily hodl... game change. Sky's the limit.. and "buying coffee" cheaply will be the least of your concerns..
@_date: 2017-11-20 01:33:43
Doesn’t margin long contracts change this dynamic a bit? A multiplier effect, adding fuel to the fire.. repeated over and over as price rises.
@_date: 2017-11-09 09:32:09
Because you misunderstand what Bitcoin is for, which is sound finite money that is uncontrollable by govt. Why do you guys keep mistakenly thinking Bitcoin is to buy coffee or send $1 to your friend? 
Aren't there way better products out there for that use case, like Visa, square cash, regular cash, pay pal etc etc etc?  That you think a store of value is not a good service says more about you than it does about Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 03:59:59
The premise is that Tethers (USDT) are being artificially created or leveraged without backing of real $ to pump BTC price. Tether (the company) claims 1:1 backing of all USDT created (which implies organic demand... real money injected into the market), which there have been over 300 million created in last few months.
The "backing" is supposed to be audited, how when and to what degree it can be verified is extremely vague.
If Tether creation doesn't represent real cash pumped into system, then any BTC bought with it doesn't represent real $ in the price.  Fractional reserve, so to speak, yet listed as having $1 value, which buys you $1 of BTC... but if that money goes poof... what happens to BTC price?   Many argue over aspects of this line of thinking, including the view that even if it's funny money, it might only represent a small portion of BTC demand.
 on twitter has been calling scam on Tether for quite a while. I think he also describes ways in which they are used to margin-leverage BTC buying that could magnify the problem as well..
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:07:18
They probably could take some off the top of BTC if they crash, but don't you think many will liquidate *into* BTC since it's the base coin, and keeps their money in crypto vs cashing out? 
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:23:23
Thinking about how you or other people will "think" about Bitcoin if it goes to 1000 when it sits at 7k+ is *MUCH* different than how we all *will* think about Bitcoin when it actually is at 1000.  Also, an overnight crash to 1k is much different psychologically than a sustained gradual bear market decline over a period of months or years to get to 1k. 
This is investing psychology in a nutshell. If it was as simple as "oh we'll all certainly hodl or buy more", then there would never be bear markets or crashes.
@_date: 2017-11-04 04:21:32
Are you worried about taxes when you sell like that? 
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:01:09
Because it's a store of value.. the higher the price goes, the less per-person spending of Bitcoin you will see. Their's Law
@_date: 2017-11-27 07:05:42
In summary, BTC cap gains... report nothing?
@_date: 2017-11-04 04:42:46
I know I replied to you above but..  question for you: what use case, or problem does "spending Bitcoin" solve now? What flaw of Visa, paypal, Square cash, apple pay, etc is Bitcoin a clear significant improvement over? Is it any easier? Faster? Cheaper (think credit card rewards)?
I don't understand the obsession with wanting Bitcoin to just take over all transactions right now... it doesn't improve on much of anything.
But as a store of value, and finite currency outside control of politicians and banks... it is a clear improvement over fiat currency.
 
@_date: 2017-11-21 04:13:40
Just like USDT = $1, and can be redeemed for it, is an unproven claim.
@_date: 2017-11-04 06:33:43
What if you opened a payment channel with Amazon... how far do you think that would get you? Also, you don't need to open a channel with every hypothetical person you might want to transact with, you only need a path to them..
@_date: 2017-11-21 04:31:20
I think  explained this best, but market cap is simply the latest price X coins. Except near recent "highs", almost all previous purchases of Bitcoin were for **lower** than the current near-ATH market price.
It is not true to claim that 200 Billion has been spent on BTC. 
Therefore, all along the rise in price, 600m USDT spent boosting the price would have much more impact than if we think of the market cap implying there is $200 Billion invested in Bitcoin.  Consider your personal BTC holdings. Did you spend X times $8200 on them?  
I hope a Tether collapse has 0 impact on BTC, but it concerns me if there's potential for unbounded fake money having been injected into system. Unbounded not to imply infinite but that I have *no idea* how much is real or fake or if they actually have the reserves they claim. No one does. 
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:17:28
I think most people simply realize that sober appreciation of risks and potential "corrections" is healthy and want to promote that mindset.. it's certainly why I upvoted. Personally, I also become most concerned and anxious about possible crashes and bear markets in Bitcoin..... when the price rises the most. 
@_date: 2017-11-03 21:03:45
Completely agree, people will get on and off at different times. And this dynamic will work even better to smooth out volatility the more liquidity is in Bitcoin over time.
But the hard targets that a lot of us have do seem like levels at which there could be large corrections... because we're all waiting for them.. not that I even intend to sell at any specific level for a while, but if everyone else is......
@_date: 2017-11-21 04:33:05
I'm not sure how you can price in an unbounded amount of fake $ buying Bitcoin.  I hope it *would have* no effect.. but I worry..
@_date: 2017-11-10 03:19:45
I think it's correctly pointing out that little VIM_GT_EMACS won't be able to do shit regardless of who's responsible. You think legal recourse will save you in crypto? 
@_date: 2017-11-10 19:05:52
Your advice that the legal system will save people from bad actors is bad. Control your keys or someone else will control your Bitcoin.
My contribution is I'm trying to counteract your misinformation for people wanting to do the right thing with their Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 04:15:43
There is no limit to the possible individuals or groups using it, or at least I can't think of any. That it exists, in a seemingly large known quantity, with potentially unverified backing and redeemability... would have *some* affect on BTC price no? 
How big of a deal is unclear but, if you could create a token with a nominal value of $1 which you were able to pretend had organic investment of $1 per coin (but didn't because you were creating some out of thin air) but could then buy Bitcoin with them, don't you think the affect (however large or not) these purchases had on the way up would be similarly negative on the way down if discovered?
@_date: 2017-11-06 20:03:12
But why would you expect to have them? You just willingly sent on legacy chain... if 2x takes over, you have your **remaining** coins on 2x. What logic would dictate undoing the previous intended transaction?
@_date: 2017-11-23 08:11:30
@_date: 2017-11-12 07:23:38
Much of what you describe here I don't dispute (though wasn't the original point about access to forked coins). 
I also think Coinbase is shady, and probably exposed to a lot of legal challenges.
Also, the fact they are a such a "central" player in BTC means the behind the scenes shenanigans you describe will probably only get worse. That's why keeping control of your own keys is the essence of Bitcoin. But... the onramps from fiat are.... not that easy and Coinbase is certainly one of the easiest. It's a tough challenge, getting people into Bitcoin without using Coinbase since it is so popular and good at what they do (minus splitting coins quickly).
Many have speculated forks would be the undoing of exchanges like Coinbase. That there will be so many that they won't be able to keep up and can't ignore them because of legal liability. We'll see..
But yea.. if you don't own your keys, you don't own your bitcoin (or its forks..). You're at the mercy of the benevolence of exchanges, or the legal system to force them to do work for you. On principle I actually support Coinbase and others not being obligated to give you forks just because people demand it. They offered the service of being the custodian for your BTC not BTC + BCH + BTG +......, should be that alone. There is an infinite possibility of forks, and if you want to claim them you should move coins off exchanges (prior to the forks!).
What's funny though is Coinbase knows this will happen... so they probably don't want to force people to make that choice, so they'll "do the work" for now... catch 22. 
@_date: 2017-09-06 04:22:34
Bandwidth and sync time are the issues
@_date: 2018-03-11 17:20:37
@_date: 2017-10-13 18:39:58
If you expected the price to rise in 35 days because of the fork, and you expected that other people expected that.... would you expect that the "rise" would "wait" until that time, or happen sooner?
Market expectations for something to occur, when shared by many, often show up sooner than expected.
More to the point: it *most certainly* wouldn't happen **at** the point of the fork for obvious reasons. You can't get your coins off in time. So pre-fork rise, by a few weeks to ensure you can move coins off exchanges, makes perfect sense to me.
@_date: 2017-09-04 20:54:39
You're on to something when you realize that, whatever you call it... if the price is appreciating, then people will "value" it and "hodl" it. 
There is only a finite supply (21 Million coins) that you wish would become the worlds reserve currency yes?
How is this possible without massive price appreciation (as we are seeing)?
Again, call it gold, or call it cash... **it doesn't matter**. No one is going to spend a massively appreciating currency, when they have a much weaker one they can spend instead (fiat). Unless and until Bitcoin becomes widely adopted and widely purchased (price will go up massively for this to happen).. it won't be used as currency. 
@_date: 2017-09-10 20:04:19
Same relationship Gold vs fiat would have if you spend now or save for later... except Bitcoin has much more runway to rise. Not complicated. 
"Good money drives out bad" so you spend your fiat first, hodl your stronger money.
@_date: 2017-09-04 20:47:45
What use is it to you exchanging USD for BTC then buy goods? Why would you do that... like what does it solve for you? Is buying goods and services on the internet that difficult for you right now?
Check out the Book "Scandal of Money" by George Gilder to realize why Bitcoin as "sound money" is it's primary function. Finite supply, no centralized control, no ability to devalue through inflation.
This is where the comparison's to digital Gold come from, and why people are "hodling" and why the price is going up.
Then ask yourself this question: whether you think of it as digital gold, or you think of it as digital cash / currency.... how did you envision 21 million coins absorbing some proportion of either "cash" or "gold" or "currency" or "money" without massive value appreciation?
For your world of "paying for things in Bitcoin" to ever happen... don't you think a wide percentage of the population / world / businesses need to:
1) hold / acquire Bitcion
2) accept Bitcoin
3) price goods in Bitcoin
How would that ever happen without 21 million coins having some connection to the value of their scarce supply? If people "valued" Bitcoin as you want them to... as a freely traded currency, then it's "PRICE" (value) **HAS** to appreciate much more first.
Until that time, like any currencies throughout world history, people will "hodl" the appreciating currency and spend the depreciating one (fiats). 
21 million coins dude. Think about it..
And read as much as you can from this site: 
Especially "Speculative Attack" 
@_date: 2017-09-06 04:23:33
I think the bandwidth and sync time to download that 10TB might be the bigger problem... 
@_date: 2017-10-13 07:49:28
You need to have control of your private keys. If Bitgo doesn't give you that, or if somehow *they* have your private key then no. A mobile wallet app probably better than a web wallet.
@_date: 2017-10-13 07:53:34
Yea paper or hard wallet is best. Leaving on exchange youre at the mercy of them doing work to give you your coins. Aside from all the other risks..
Any, and every, future fork... exists now inside your Bitcoin. All future forks will stem from the current chain (**although, some may fork from forks.. like Bcash, so I guess you'd have to hodl that as well).
If you hodl, forks shouldn't bother you.. I've been learning this recently from some others that I follow. It's starting to make a lot of sense.
Edit: the forks from forks point is important. I didn't mean to imply forks will *only* come from main chain. Because they may not, and many predict there could be hundreds more forks in the near future, it only makes sense to 
1) Acquire the earliest branch(es) you can because *choosing* the correct one later is harder than hodling "all" forks early..
2) Not sell the forked coin. The total price adds up to an increasing total, so fear of "Bitcoin" losing price is unfounded, and... day to day price swings are less important than letting the differences of the coins play out over time. These differences can't be determined immediately, so ... hodl. 
@_date: 2017-10-17 02:01:45
You're missing the point that our economic policies **actively promote** compressed time horizons, conspicuous consumption, consumerism, disincentivize savings and investing.
At the same time encouraging "modest" inflation is not helping when many significant expenditures have become unobtainably expensive (education, healthcare, housing). 
In all aspects of daily life falling prices are beneficial to consumers: energy, housing, technology products, healthcare, food, clothing. Yet we're supposed to buy into the claim that forcing people to spend on things they don't need now to get ahead of future inflation simply to stimulate the economy is a good thing. Technology improves efficiency and costs go down. This is the way of the world. Our monetary system should not try to counteract this, it should embrace it.
Low interest rates to borrow and go into debt while providing no means for low risk savings. Everything is backwards. A finite currency, anchoring pricing signals to a money that can retain its function as a measuring stick instead of gyrating its supply from bubble to bubble, is exactly what we need.
That 20 dollars from the ever diminishing (in real value) paycheck, over time with increasing money/credit supply is not going to get you there. Not when monetary policies are telling you you better spend that money now. Or throw it into a housing bubble. Find somewhere to spend it because "saving" it won't get you anywhere w/ inflation. You might argue for placing it in stocks but many don't have that luxury with the job market as it is, and additionally the monetary system has also disconnected the market itself from fundamentals, it seems dominated by cheap money.
The biggest advantage a deflationary currency gives you is it allows people to have low time preferences. Time is the most valuable resource we have, and low interest rates &amp; inflationary, debt fueled economies devalue time. They don't price money accurately to reflect the value of time. They artificially price it at 0, and this has drastic wide ranging effects on the economy, and by extension society and culture. 
Read "Scandal of Money" by George Gilder for way more on this topic. It's the most insightful book on money, gold and Bitcoin I've ever come across. Everyone who has any interest in Bitcoin (or doubts) should really check it out..
@_date: 2017-10-22 01:09:41
I don't care. I want other people to save themselves from your stupidity. 
@_date: 2017-10-13 07:02:26
Whether there is a slight or large or no drop of BTC after the fork ignores the fact that you'll also own the other coin. So you should factor in their value in addition to BTC's value when considering "the price" after the fork.
This is what some people don't think about enough: as long as you HODL all forks, you can't be harmed, and which particular one "succeeds" if in aggregate the sum total goes up in value makes the fear of forks irrational.  
I think BTC will win out anyways, but as long as you own pre-fork and HODL for a long time at least until the fork "winner" shakes out... you have nothing to worry about. Buying post-fork is another matter though of course in short term choosing BTC would be the logical choice over any fork. My point is... split chains mean you have to add them all up together. That is the price.
@_date: 2017-10-15 19:37:35
It's an accurate and useful meme though. 
Spending Bitcoin is ridiculous if you have a weaker currency you can spend instead. That this makes you uncomfortable is irrelevant, and it will not "hurt" Bitcoin or Bitcoin adoption in any way. 
The fact that the currency is appreciating at a rapid rate compared to fiat currencies will ensure adoption on its own. You are not going to see widespread "spending" until the rate of absorption of fiat / gold value tapers off, along the S-curve that it is following. Whether one's personal preference of Bitcoin is as "digital gold" or "digital cash", it does not matter. 
For Bitcoin to achieve digital cash status it needs to be much more widely distributed, which means many more people need to learn about and acquire it. For this to happen the price **MUST** increase drastically because there are only 21 million coins. There is **NO** scenario where Bitcoin is used widely as "cash" without it **absorbing** a significant percentage of global currency value. And this means *trillions* in market cap. Therefore, no one will logically part with this money, and transaction fees *will* be high enough that spend and repurchase won't make sense. This is just the way it's going to be.. there's no way around this (Thier's Law - "good money drives out bad" 
People can scream and shout and wring their hands, but it doesn't matter. No one is going to go against their self interest and spend something that they know is appreciating in value. 
Advocating that one should do this is ridiculous and unnecessary. Using the word "toxic" also marks that person as either a social justice warrior millennial or lacking of wisdom and fooled by popular sentiment. It is a badge you've branded yourself with that says "I have no idea what I'm talking about". We see through it. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 03:52:37
No doubt. I actually thought you were asking could the fork be worth more than base chain. Just food for thought and for others... Bitcoin holds within itself all future forks. If you hodl, forks and their price should be irrelevant at least in the short term. As it all plays out, you win... since you hodl. 
@_date: 2017-10-13 07:17:33
In the immediate short term, and even then.. that might not be absolute. One quote I heard about forks make sense regarding this issue:
Forks are like tree branches, the more of them, the more surface area the tree gains which enables it to absorb more light and grow bigger and stronger... all branches and the tree as a whole eventually.
That's why it's important to hodl all forks. The forks will attract some money regardless. And the main trunk (BTC) will drive on anyways. 
If you hodl, and never sell (or at *least* initially until "fork" uncertainty plays out, which i think takes *years* not months) then forks should be irrelevant to you. Just hodl. And add up the total price.. it will be higher.
@_date: 2017-10-24 03:36:32
It's the bandwidth not the storage. It already takes a while to bootstrap a new node. It will only get worse. With bigger blocks, it will get worse faster.
@_date: 2017-10-03 03:29:21
Propaganda is without question a part of the market.
As a market participant with incentives to see a specific outcome succeed, would you not use propaganda if the other side is?
@_date: 2017-10-24 03:34:26
Of course it's possible. And unless you want to be greedy and go "all in" on only 1 of the 2 possible winners, you have nothing to fear by hodling. Either one wins, or another wins, or maybe even there is some unclear split of value. Most likely the total value of your "Bitcoin" won't go down especially in the medium to long term.
Just hodl and don't worry about selling. 
@_date: 2017-10-13 06:49:03
Well he can escape it.... by using Bitcoin instead ;) 
@_date: 2017-10-13 07:27:29
Those who have had their BTC on Coinbase prior to the BCash fork still don't have possession of their BCash. 
Moreover, just leaving your coins on Coinbase or any exchange is risky because in that scenario you do not control your keys, therefore you don't own your Bitcoin, Coinbase does and you're at their mercy, the governments mercy not shutting them down, hackers mercy not stealing your keys, Coinbase's mercy of when or if ever to giver you your forked coins etc etc...
There will probably be way more forks in the future... Hodling your own coins ensures you'll possess ALL of them...even forks of forks. Must hodl them pre-fork though...
@_date: 2017-10-18 23:16:00
That's not a good definition of a stock, so the fact that it does that doesn't confirm your comparison.
You put money in a house, and it goes up or down... so Bitcoin is just like a house?
Well, maybe.. it's an asset certainly. But analogies only get you so far.  
Unlike stocks, Bitcoin doesn't have earnings, doesn't have to collect revenue or be profitable, it just has to work and get more people to believe in it. It has less "selling pressure" than a stock, because once your money is in and it keeps functioning correctly there's no immediate reasons to sell.... only belief that others will or won't.
Bitcoin is money: 
@_date: 2017-10-13 07:19:45
Paper or hardware wallet. Mobile wallet at the very least..
@_date: 2017-10-13 06:53:59
Other's my give you different advice, but I would say, once you move your coins off the exchange (don't leave them there.. take control of your keys), just "hodl" all forks. Don't worry about splitting them or doing anything right away. If you are planning to hodl and not spend your BTC then nothing will happen to the other coins, and since no one knows what will come of the forks... hodling all forks is your best strategy.
@_date: 2017-10-22 01:54:55
Don't listen to anybody. Your willpower got you here. Keep on keeping on..
@_date: 2017-10-21 03:07:01
Man, this is really getting to you huh? Sounds like OP's guess was right. Get your mind right man... stop speaking the language of beta males.
@_date: 2017-10-13 07:07:56
You're exposed to many more risks of never actually keeping possession of that BTC since you literally do not possess it. You have control of an account login that enables you to *transfer* the BTC into your possession, but you don't actually have it. 
Aside from all of the implications of that (my biggest concern being regulatory risk of exchanges getting shut down.. which we see all the time) and hacking, which we see all the time... there is the clear risk of not having control of pre-fork coins (which we saw affect Coinbase and others regarding BCash. Coinbase customers *right now* do NOT have access to their BCash. Understand why?).
If you don't completely and fully understand why coins on an exchange are not the same as *owning Bitcoin*, then you need to do more research. It is fundamental to understanding Bitcoin itself. Owning bitcoin = control of keys. 
Trezor is very solid, easy to use hardware wallet if you're looking for one..
@_date: 2017-10-08 20:16:50
Network effect, gravity, first-mover advantage, the fact that one universally accepted currency has advantages over multiple.. assuming that one is sound.
@_date: 2017-10-22 01:17:25
RemindMe! 1 year "BTC 42K yet?"
@_date: 2017-10-19 18:12:32
$100 “swings”? If you believe this you’re gonna have a rough go of it. Do what you want but I completely disagree this a helpful mentality to have when making any sort of long term investment.
@_date: 2017-10-18 21:57:52
These numbers aren't accurate though. It simply isn't true. Show me your math..
If you meant basically "1 million $" by 65, well how far does *that* really get you anyways? Better than nothing surely, but that wasn't the claim you seemed to be making. It sounded like "Do this thing that is basically easy, and you'll be set". 
"With inflation" you say.. well, with inflation 1 or 2 mil is certainly worth less than today.
But I agree that more people should invest
@_date: 2017-10-24 20:51:30
Ok, but that's a technicality then.. with hyperinflation, "what you can buy" wouldn't be comparable to trillion in todays dollars. 
@_date: 2017-10-13 07:31:50
You should understand that if you possess your keys, and hodl bitcoin in your own wallet not on an exchange, you immediately have access for all future forks. If you hodl and never sell, and maintain posession, even if you never split your coins... ALL FUTURE FORKS ARE INSIDE YOUR BITCOIN.
Stop worrying about forks, and start worrying about owning your Bitcoin.
Besides forks, you are exposing yourself to an ever exceeding risk of having your exchange shut down by govt, hacked by insiders or outsiders, at the mercy of exchanges to give you split coins, etc etc etc etc.
There WILL BE more forks. So, stop worrying and hodl. 
@_date: 2017-10-03 03:21:14
But everyone should be hodling for the long haul anyways so this isn't that bad of a strategy regardless: paper / hardware wallet... HODL till the dust settles. HODL for all future forks. HODL
@_date: 2017-10-18 23:11:28
Why would you do that to yourself?
@_date: 2017-10-10 21:08:29
There aren't really that many nodes. A huge portion of active Bitcoin users *don't* run full nodes. So if they did, yes.. fundamentally this *would* make a difference.
@_date: 2017-10-13 06:57:57
And it's not only that that some "don't get it" but that some get it perfectly fine but their livelihood and incentives lead them to be 100% against Bitcoin (Jamie Dimon, bankers etc.) and want to see it fail.
There is mix of many who don't understand it and also want to see it fail as well. These people are probably the most dangerous because many of them involved in politics or government or banking will see themselves as heroes looking out for the avg citizen when they attack BTC
@_date: 2017-10-22 00:49:13
You're being presented with a reality that might imply *both* are true. 
Should we destroy Bitcoin as a decentralized store of value because you hope transactions fees will go lower, and fail to deliver on both fronts?
How long do you think incremental block size increases will last if transaction volumes increase even moderately? You seem to want Bitcoin to be a mass worldwide transaction medium like Visa. Do you have any idea how big blocks would need to be to get there? Big enough that almost no one could run a full node..
On chain scaling so as to enable virtually free transaction fees for mass volume, low value purchases.... ain't happening.
People in those places shouldn't be transacting, they should be saving like all of us. Do you want to deny them that ability, to store their value in a sound, uncontrolled currency?
@_date: 2017-10-13 07:24:28
@_date: 2017-10-13 21:00:18
I would prefer sound stable money to virtually free trnx fees. You can't have secure Bitcoin without fees. If Lightning works you'll get your low fees..  If 2X works, you'll get cheap fees for a short time till it gets more popular and we're back at square one with less people able to run full nodes = less secure Bitcoin.
That an inability to send micro-transactions virtually free is unwanted by you and everyone else doesn't imply that it is possible at all, or without worse tradeoffs.  
@_date: 2017-10-22 01:03:08
Gotta reply to this hot garbage, this mental poison the government and bankers inject into everyone's head.
You're parroting info fed to you by governments, politicians, media, economists and banking industry. Have you thought things through step by step or looked at your own circumstances to see the logic of inflation = good is ridiculous?
Bitcoin's finite quantity is beautiful, and the sole source of its value and use as a *store of value* that cant' be stolen from you by politicians or central banks.
This broad overview offers some good points about deflation occurring and being beneficial and why that is so: 
Another one describing [The Yield of Money Held](
Nakamoto Institute on Bitcoin's [Perfect monetary policy](
The best book I read this year by genius and visionary philosopher George Gilder [The Scandal of Money - Why Wall Street Recovers but the Economy Never Does](
^ "spoiler alert" - Wall Street Recovers and the economy doesn't because of short term anti-savings, anti-sound money policies such as inflationary fiat advocated by OP above
 Paul Volcker, former fed chairman: 








Politicians love inflation because it enables them to borrow money from the future, postpone the consequences of doing it while benefiting "now" from the spending (essentially buying votes), running up the debt, and over long term devaluing that debt, by stealing from wages and purchasing power of middle and lower class (well..stealing from everyone, but disproportionally affecting non-wealthy). Just ask yourself... when you start to see prices rising for most goods, do you purchase more? If you anticipate prices will be rising in the future (while your real wages stay the same, or lower) do you start budgeting all the things your going to purchase? Or do you cut back? Imagine food, gas, essential items slowly rise in price. Does this leave you more or less money left over for spending on less essentials.. travel entertainment big ticket items like houses, cars, electronics etc?
How about healthcare &amp; education costs? Those have inflated... has that been beneficial? Even for those that support the "inflation incentivized to spend NOW" argument (which I think is terrible to the degree it actually happens)... they have to admit that a lot of spending needs to happen when it happens, and can't happen sooner. You can't send your 10 year old child to college because you anticipate prices rising in the future can you? You can't have an emergency surgery now for some accident that didn't happen yet. Yet, in both and other instances like those, you pay the higher prices all the same. You suffer the effects of massive inflation without having any ability to font-load the spending. These examples illustrate that problem most clearly, but it happens with almost all spending. There's no benefit from forcing people to spend before their actual need arises. Think of the frenetic psychological mindset this places upon people. Planning budgeting saving necessary consumption (vs over-consumption) go out the window. People decry the materialist consumerist mindset on one hand but praise inflationary incentivized discretionary spending on the other.
Now imagine if you anticipate prices falling. Imagine you know food and energy will slowly decline in price consistently (Just like electronics) while your wages stay constant... or rise in real terms . Seriously... visualize it. Now in that environment, do you anticipate feeling more or less comfortable and able to spend money on non essential items entertainment luxuries etc? When gas prices go up... does the country do more or less driving? When they go down... what happens? When everything you are buying gets more expensive, do you have more or less money to put into your retirement account? How is this good for YOU? People being less likely to borrow and go into massive debt, because paying it off will be harder, is a GOOD thing. Incentivizing less frivolous &amp; speculative spending &amp; more saving is a GOOD thing. How many times have you heard about the millions of Americans who have no savings and a lot of debt. Is this ever considered a good thing? Is the electronics and computing industry doing bad or good because of long term falling prices (and costs)? At least from the consumers perspective, is the answer not abundantly clear?
When less and less of an individuals pay needs to be allocated to the same quantity of goods.. this means they have more left over for other goods.
Yes, panic buying because of anticipation of future prices increases will decrease. How could this possibly be a bad thing? Necessities will inarguably still be purchased, even the detractors of deflation agree with this. They won't think through logically though, that with sticky wages, people will have MORE money available (AND confidence of more money available in the future) to purchase other things. Banks (who make loans collateralized by ever increasing assets) and governments will not like this scenario. But thats ALSO a good thing. Spending will be funded through savings rather than debt. The individual will be empowered, while institutions who depend on signing up more debt slaves will be weakened. Politicians who make promises on the backs of future generations by saddling them with debt, will be weakened. People would be empowered, and they will have to stress over "immediate" spending to get ahead of future inflation no longer.
They can be confident of spending today if they want to because they will know that prices will be lower in the future, so they don't have to worry about making ends meet as much.
The idea that fiat, fractional reserve money **decreases** bubbles, and business cycles is absurd. Credit-money expansion enables massive rises and falls of the money supply. The swings are inevitably bigger because you're creating money out of thin air, then this leverage works against you during credit crunches. Bitcoin is immune to fractional reserve banking. It is full reserve. You won't have wild swings of M0/M1 like you will with inflationary fiat.
Here's just some videos from a guy (Peter Schiff) who strongly supports falling prices. Search for other ones, he discusses it a lot:
 
 
@_date: 2017-10-13 07:36:01
When are you selling then?
@_date: 2017-10-13 06:50:37


This very much depends on when the BTC was acquired...
@_date: 2017-10-13 07:22:06
It's easier to understand if you think of your "coins" as being stored on the global ledger distributed around the world on nodes.
The "network" essentially holds your coins and your keys give you control over moving them..
This is why storing your keys in the possession of some third party is risky.. you don't control them. You're at the mercy of their security and their benevolence, as well as those who could shut them down.
@_date: 2017-10-03 03:07:53
@_date: 2017-10-22 01:57:27
Did you read his post? He's never sold through multiple downturns, and massive rally's. Not luck..
@_date: 2018-04-02 02:39:52
calm down dude.. it's a like a risk free option. He already said he has other investments... "the point" is *obviously* that it could be worth quite a lot more than it is today. Duhhh
@_date: 2018-04-02 19:44:15


Maybe! lol.. what's your point though? If it fails, he'll be out a few thousand. If it works, he'll be up quite a lot. Now, the expected value depends on the chances of either of these as well as the upside.
Just because you're right that it has a chance to fail doesn't mean there's absolutely no logic in putting some money at play. He has other investments and it could be a rounding error based on his portfolio... but anyways we get it, you're a nocoiner. Perfectly valid perspective, shouldn't be surprising people on this board don't share your view.
@_date: 2017-07-20 00:54:58
Do you ever get laid talking like this in the real world?
@_date: 2017-07-03 20:39:34
You've hit on something insightful with regards to utility of bitcoin for small everyday purchases.
Your conclusion that this renders Bitcoin worthless is incorrect, in my opinion:
Do you exchange gold bullion in person for small dollar items? Does that imply $1200 an ounce Gold is worthless?
Bitcoin will have value for exactly the types of transactions you *weren't* talking about: large, international cross border settlements between currencies, corporations, banks etc. Its value is that it is scarce and immutable, and cheaper and faster to deal with than Gold.
@_date: 2017-07-03 01:39:03
Well, fiat represents a class of currency, which is a useful placeholder when comparing across types. 
Sure, you could just say USD in this istance, but often the point of discussion may more generally apply to all government established non-hard currencies, i.e. "fiat". Saying only USD is unintended specificity.
It would be akin to having a discussion about modes of transportation, and saying Chevrolet when comparing the automobile to public transportation, bikes, planes... confusing, unnecessary, and wrong. So no, the specific is not always a good substitute for the general.
If you're confused I suggest reading up on what makes a fiat a fiat and why it's meaningful in discussions revolving around crypto currencies. It's not a trivial concept.
@_date: 2017-07-20 00:50:51
You're oblivious to the fact that none of the humorous comments pointing out how attractive the women are approaches "spewing hate". 
This mentality is so beta it hurts. You *really* think attractive women would be offended about some banter on an internet message board pointing out they're hot?
@_date: 2017-07-03 03:02:47
Not to beat a dead horse, or put too fine a point on it... maybe you're just unfamiliar with the term but, it has a specific and concrete meaning and was used exactly as intended in this post. No more no less. Just search this or any crypto sub for the term it's used extensively.  
In some respects, it is definitionally the polar opposite to what Bitcoin is or could be as a currency... which is a good reason to use the term, whether complicated or not.