@_author: plaidcube
@_date: 2019-06-04 22:55:21
You seem to be fixated on physical things as wealth. What about making movies, would that be rent seeking? The people viewing the movie lose money and gain nothing but enjoyment. No more wealth exists than did before, by the same logic used in your poker game.
Also, rent-seeking does not involve imagining a hypothetical world where everyone did the same thing. If everyone sold potatoes, the price would plummet, if everyone bought potatoes, the price would sky rocket. Does that mean both actions are impermissible?
@_date: 2019-06-04 21:59:34
I wasn't defining rent-seeking to be coercive, I was saying poker would be rent-seeking if people were somehow compelled to play. The fact that they choose to play presumably means they either expect to profit, or expect to enjoy it enough that they still gain utility.
Edit: and since you like quoting stuff, here's rent-seeking on 
"To create profit usually requires the risk of capital with the goal of gaining a return. Earning wages comes from employment. However, of the three income sources, rent is the easiest to obtain and subjects the individual or business to the least amount of risk."
Poker involves risking your money to potentially gain more, that's not rent-seeking.
An example of non-forceful rent-seeking poker would be a professional player entering tournament intended for beginners. He's obviously going to profit and is depriving other players of their expected payout.
@_date: 2019-06-06 18:47:25
Okay, so what if I buy food from a farmer and sell it to hungry people? Apparently that's rent seeking since I'm not creating what you call wealth, I'm just moving it from one place to the other. "Zero-sum."
And how is cultural capital more tangible than utility? If someone is willing to pay for a movie, the movie is worth something to them. Likewise if someone pays for a poker game, the poker game is worth something.
@_date: 2019-06-04 18:19:59
Poker isn't rent seeking because it isn't coercive. If two parties choose to play poker, their expected utility pre payout might go up. 
For example,  suppose you and I both owe the Yakuza 200$, but we only have 100$ each. As it stands, we are both going to have our legs chopped off, negative utility of a million dollars or so. So, we decide to bet the money on a coin flip. Now we only have a 50/50 chance of losing our legs, or an EV of -500,000, for a net gain. 
The best rent seeking example is people actually paying rent in a place where they have no other choice, like a lord using military force to compel peasants to pay rent, while the peasants can't move elsewhere. 
Bitcoin trading may not be rent seeking: by buying now, you drive up the current price to reflect crypto's real value. Then, selling later, you lower the price and provide people with crypto they need. 
This would be like buying a bunch of potatos that are cheap enough to use as pig food, holding  them, then selling them during a famine at a higher price. People don't starve and you make money for preventing them from starving.
Edit: since I failed to make myself understood to the person above, I'll clarify that I'm not redefining rent-seeking as coercive, I'm only saying that poker involves a lot of risk and so is probably not rent-seeking in most cases. If the other player both expected to lose and did not enjoy the game, that would be rent-seeking.
@_date: 2019-06-08 04:33:57
This is pointless, you keep rambling about irrelevant things trying to sound smart.
@_date: 2019-06-04 22:42:15
It would be rent seeking to manipulate the price of a cryptocurrency, say by buying a bunch to drive up the price, then selling it off faster than the market could respond. Buying crypto now because you think it's worth more than 8k is not rent-seeking, as it makes the market more efficient. 
If a correct valuation of Bitcoin were formed, that would stabilize the price, allowing widespread adoption. Since Bitcoin is useful to use as a medium of exchange, adoption means wealth has been created. So, by driving Bitcoin towards its "true worth," you are creating wealth. 
In general, buying and selling something increases liquidity, so you benefit people who need to turn dollars into bitcoins for practical reasons and vice versa.