@_author: planofactionfaction
@_date: 2015-11-20 23:35:04
It's becoming more and more apparent that there are people in the public domain being paid by governments or large corporates to make misleading statements or articles with the purpose of discrediting bitcoin. It will take some time for the general population to be educated enough to understand that smoking is bad for you... Oh, I meant Bitcoin is good for you. 
@_date: 2017-05-09 14:04:56
It depends on the government. If it promotes social and personal liberties as well as financial innovation then yes. If it wants control over its subjects then no. Ultimately it doesn't matter what the government thinks  once there is mass adoption. 
@_date: 2017-05-09 13:51:19
Directly from the budget paper released today:
Financial technology (FinTech)
The Government’s FinTech Statement is our plan for a strong and vibrant FinTech industry in Australia.
The Government will encourage the exploration of Blockchain technology, including through a study and pilot testing by the CSIRO’s Data61. We will also introduce changes to the GST to ensure that consumers are no longer double taxed when using digital currencies such as Bitcoin.
The Australian Securities and Investments Commission will also release a consultation paper in the coming weeks on a regulatory sandbox exemption to facilitate the testing of new FinTech products and services.
@_date: 2015-11-15 03:53:01
Bitcoin and the Blockchain are free and open for anyone to use with anonymity. Even in the remote chance that bitcoin is banned worldwide, it will still exist in the dark Web or black market just like anything else governments try and regulate. So forget about regulating it as it stands against the principles of bitcoin and in either case will achieve nothing for preventing terrorism. Because terrorists stopped using bags of USD and moved to BTC that doesn't mean bitcoin anything. Nothing has changed. If we want to tackle terrorism let's start by reviewing the foreign policy of the West and getting political and religious leaders to communicate with a common agenda. Easier said than done. John Lennon sums it up in IMAGINE. 
@_date: 2017-05-16 10:57:26
With all the bias statements here, lets just look over the other side for a minute. XRP has real utility. It is being accepted by banks in the form of liquidity and will overcome nostro accounts (banks keeping accounts with other banks) which will save them $10s of billions per year. This is being done now with real transactions and it is only scaling. The network facilitates millions of transactions bet second with a few seconds confirmation times. Ripple labs are working with governments and banks so their technology is integrated with the old world of markets and governance. That's real utility. 
So from a utility xrp is valuable and if it saves banks $10 billion per year then as a technology it is worth over $100b or $1 per coin. If there is more utility than this and used as a form of payment or store of value, thats much higher but ultra speculative. 
Yes bitcoin is always going to be better on decentralisation, and arguably as a store of value. But as any prudent investor you look at utility and business case and leave your philosophical preference as a regular reflection not the decision. 
I believe bitcoin will win long term but you need diversity in this space of crypto and FinTech... 
 
