@_author: plasmatechstudios
@_date: 2019-03-13 20:59:40
Interests rates should be natural and decided by the market rather than a centralized authority dictating it. With that, markets will be more predictable rather than on the whims of an ogliarchy. The government should be the one who prints its own currency rather than being enslaved in debt to the fed. There are other ways to counter downturns other than fiddling with rates. Which could lead to more problems.
@_date: 2019-03-31 15:45:02
Am i the only one who gets that spongebob reference?
@_date: 2019-03-14 03:28:44
Ok a few problems with your rebuttal. First of all the mandate of central banks is not to prevent inflation but rather to keep price stability and maintain full unemployment. Since 1913 the dollar devalued 96-98%. So they failed in one aspect. Unemployment is low at 3.7% so ill give the fed credit for that although that number may be short lived in the near future. In an economy that relies on a central bank, when they lower rates more inflation occurs to supposedly jumpstart the economy. So banks don't prevent inflation they need it as leverage. And the massive inflation that occurred in the 70s was because nixon took the us and the world off of the gold standard effectively giving the fed full control over our money so they started printing money like no tomorrow to pay for vietnam, the drug war, and other stupid expenditures. A prime example of government causing problems that they have to fix.
 The thing is that now that the fed is starting massive QE inflation is at like 2% while wage growth is around 3%. So there is a net growth of 1%. Kinda the reason why wage growth is stagnating. Causing more wealth inequality. But fox news won't tell you that. During the gold standard in the 1873 - 1914 there was actually periods of deflation with a rapidly expanding economy with high increasing NET wage growth.
The fact that you essentially defended an ogliarchy is  troubling. You are deluded to think that the rich who control the central banks don't use it to their advantage. Ffs the federal reserve have stock holders and they aren't gonna disclose who owns these stocks. If you think a president or congress doesn't know the implications of their economic policy then neither should 12 shady people. Also, the government appoints fed chairman anyways so they could be subject to special interests. 12 unelected people should not have the power to dictate the economic fate of effectively 7 billion people. The federal reserve is the most powerful damn force on earth. More powerful than the executive branch. There are no checks and balances so shady stuff that we don't know that goes on will never see the light of day.
And no the government won't print away its debts because they don't care about the debt. We're running 4% deficits which will turn to 6% if government wasn't retarded. If they did care then we literally won't have a monopolistic entity LOANING the government money creating even more debt IN THE FIRST PLACE. We are essentially enslaved to the fed since the american taxpayer is stolen from to pay the debt's interest but not the rest. That just keeps piling and piling until we die and our kids have to pay 22 trillion dollars + 100million in unfunded liabilities or there is a huge collapse.
And sure we may be in our longest bull run in history. But this is the shittiest bull run ever. I mean come on wages are flat, very slow recovery, people are sinking further into debt. This isn't the bull run of the 80s and 90s ask anyone and they'll tell you something feels off about the economy. It is fragile. Very fragile. We're at a point where the economy is slowing down despite while rates are still super low. If the fed raises rates at all there would be a total collapse. If they lower it there will be increased deficits, inflation, etc. If they do nothing then the economy may just collapse on its own. The fed is at a very awkward place right now without much leverage because it made the same mistake three times and didn't learn. Tax cuts gave us short term growth, but it isn't followed up by any spending cuts. So we just sink further into debt. It won't save us from the impending recession. 
And i didn't argue that after the dot com bubble that they raised rates too slow. I personally think they raised it too fast.