@_author: platypodes_attack
@_date: 2017-03-30 04:42:33
A Chinese ASIC millionaire along with a conglomerate of miners and a handful of early adopters are threatening to hard fork, attack the rest of the network, and force everyone into running unvetted BU software which caused 70% of nodes running it to go down within a month of being up.  Seems like that might have something to do with price decrease.
@_date: 2017-03-30 13:37:11
Yes, unvetted: adjective "not vetted or thoroughly examined". 
@_date: 2017-03-29 04:50:33
You're right it is difficult to precisely measure support, but almost all the data shows that overwhelming majority of users, markets, businesses support and/or are ready for SW compared to BU.  Some good stats here:    
As for investors, you can go on BITFINEX and see the futures for unlimited vs core essentially shows core token is valued about 4 times higher than an unlimited token.
The key difference with a softfork is it's backwards compatible, which essentially means it does not split the network into two blockchains.  Gradually market forces would probably push most folks to adopt SW but it's a much more gradual and less dangerous process.  My understanding is there's been a couple soft forks in the past with little to no issues.
It's very different from a hard fork in terms of the damage it can cause.  A hardfork could potentially cause serious issues such as replay attacks where you actually loss your BITCOIN as happened with the Ethereum hard fork.  That's not even getting into the fact that after a hardfork the two networks would almost immediately start hacking, DOS attacking, and using their hash rate to try to destroy the other network.  It would be the world's first cryptowar.  A softfork does not split Bitcoin and therefore would not cause trigger these possible downsides.
So, to answer your second question, no there is not an "informal agreement" to split the network, since only one side (Bitcoin Unlimited) is threatening to do that.
@_date: 2017-08-02 05:57:01
Bittrex is not letting me deposit more BCC to sell, says 'BCC wallet is under maintenance'.  Anyone else seeing the same thing?
*edit: Note Bittrex's ticker for Bitcoin Cash is 'BCC'
@_date: 2017-04-15 21:10:14
Has anyone else seen or been following this?  HitBTC froze it's users bitcoins.  They gave 3 choices, confusingly worded, such that even if you voted to dump your BU coins (choice 3), they could spin it to look like you support BU. Choice 2 basically barred you from being able to sell BU because doing so would mean you could not withdraw your BTC.  Choice 1 was HiBTC holding your BTC hostage for another 2 weeks until you comply.  See halfway down page here:  
This was NOT a free and fair choice given to customers.  What happened here was morally disgusting.
@_date: 2017-04-01 04:40:40
I think it's safe to say most people believe the big drop to ~900 was due to the ETF announcement, since they correlated almost exactly in terms of timing (just google ETF bitcoin).  As for recent moves, there's the ongoing BU vs SegWit debate, China crackdowns, altcoin speculation, political unrest in Russia... pick whichever narrative suites you.
@_date: 2017-04-07 16:14:56
Solid, does it show which exchanges you're using for the data and if they're volume waited?  Are you accounting for local BTC price in places like China +India?
@_date: 2018-02-21 13:32:46
Codl your hodl? Nay I say, sprodl !
@_date: 2017-07-05 11:10:19
A couple months old but still a good read if you want to understand what's going on over there:
 


@_date: 2017-07-17 10:01:25
Honestly man, at this point, it's not even worth arguing about this.  If you've done your homework and really believe those talking points there's probably nothing I can say here to convince you otherwise.


I don't think this is necessarily true.  If a large group of miners believe a hard fork is easy, safe, and has wide-spread user appeal, that it won't have devastating impact on their profits, on network decentralization, and that much of the support for it isn't just paid trolls and large mining interests, and that Segwit is bad, an evil blockstream conspiracy, etc, then they should hard fork.  Like seriously, do it immediately, there is in fact nothing stopping anyone from doing this now or doing it months ago.  The fact miners have not done this leads me to believe they don't actually buy their own "hardfork is totally safe and easy and everyone loves it and hates Segwit" narrative.
Actually part of me thinks it would have been better for the whole situation if BU supporting miners had hard-forked back in March.  I think the hard-fork would have failed spectacularly, especially after experiencing node crashes caused by BU client bugs and the community finding out about covert ASIC Boost, etc.  We would be past this whole thing by now.
Instead we get to watch this whole kabuki dance theater of activating Segwit in a convoluted and round-about way so a couple folks can preserve their egos.  Meanwhile a major miner and others ostensibly support segwit2x agreement while they work to undermine that same agreement through development of Alt-Bitmain-Coin, signalling for EC, and giving folks like Craig Wright a platform.  The whole situation is a somewhere between comical and sad.
The good thing is that if or when a group of miners do actually cause a contentious hardfork, you, I, and other users in the community will get to communicate our thoughts on that action and on the new chain's value through our buy, sell, and use activity.  If a contentious hard-fork fails badly, as I think it would, the group of actors who advocated for that hard-fork would be thoroughly discredited within the community.  Going through something like that, while painful at the time, may be better for Bitcoin in the long term.
@_date: 2017-07-03 05:57:10
Great post.  However, I don't think you give the average non-technical r/Bitcoin user enough credit.  Much of the underlying tech may be opaque to most (including me), but the incentive structures, the politics, and the blatant propaganda of the situation is tractable to anyone who does a bit of research.  It takes a couple days of perusing both sub-reddits along with other bitcoin websites to have a descent grasp of what is happening and an overview of the history of the debate.  
It just seems so blatantly obvious that one side is, at best, highly co-opted by specific interests, specifically Bitmain, or at worst almost completely made up of paid sock-puppets.  
In addition there are just so many evolving and contradictory arguments coming from that side.  Bitmain says the network is congested and needs bigger blocks right now at the same time they're mining empty blocks which increases network congestion.  This is like shouting that "the ship is sinking we have to fix it" while you're hammering more holes into the hull.  They back BU and say it's ready for a $40B+ network yet the BU nodes have crashed 2 or 3 times.  Or there's the constant accusation that Core just wants high transaction fees because they're evil! derp, even though most of the Core guys devote hours of their lives reviewing code without pay to help the project while it's the miners who reap the benefits from high tx fees.  Or how quickly Jihan throws BU under the bus in favor of segwit2x when it's clear BU isn't happening but UASF is coming.
We're already seeing the shift in focus from fud about segwit to fud specifically about lightning network.  They're already prepping the stage for August when everyone is asking why we would need a contentious hardfork when we have segwit and with it LN capability.
Going through the threads on each sub, there is a pretty clear contrast in the level of nuance to the arguments between the 'sides'.  I see people here openly discussing risks of a UASF, whether or not a non-contentious HF down the line is a good idea, having epic neck beard nerd battles over Turing Completeness.  You go to the "other" sub and it's just constant hatred for Core, Blockstream, pumping of Dash, shrieks of censorship, whilst any post that criticizes the narrative gets hidden with 12 instant down-votes.  I would not be at all surprised if we find out in a couple months that half the activity there are 5 employees talking to each other out of Ver's Tokyo office.
@_date: 2017-07-07 15:30:13
I've always been more optimistic. Like maybe our lizard people overlords will also let us use it as insulation in our mud huts.
@_date: 2017-07-17 08:25:12
I'm not seeing how this changes my point.  Segwit is thoroughly tested.  The code modifications made to create Segwit2x are not.
I suppose we'll find out relatively quickly when miners start running Segwit2x on a global multi-billion dollar adversarial network how robust and well tested it actually is.
@_date: 2017-07-04 04:34:10
Antpool jumping from ~18% (past 7 days) to ~25% (past 24 hrs) of the hash rate.  Safe to say this was mostly Bitmain/Antpool hardware getting switched on.
@_date: 2017-07-04 16:18:37
Trying to target re-adjustment for just before 1 August seems like a good move at first but it could easily backfire.  If segwit2x fails for whatever reason and a semi-large group of miners is inclined to support Segwit using BIP-148, they could just turn off their miners for a couple days at the end of July and push readjustment to occur just after 1 August.  They'd loose money short term but increase chance of BIP-148 succeeding by a ton and give a huge black eye to one of their biggest competitors.
What we're witnessing is game theory at it's finest.
@_date: 2017-07-07 03:50:13
Depends, what will $50,000 be worth in 2027?
@_date: 2017-07-04 15:56:09
Yeah, one thing I've actually wondered is why the EC signalling variance seems so much higher as compared to Segwit for past couple months.
@_date: 2017-07-17 05:00:07
While the overall point of fears being overblown probably has merit, the article has a several big misconceptions.




There's no official group of "bitcoin devs".  Everyone is free to run whatever software they choose.  However, it is true that ~80% of nodes are running core along with ~60% of hash rate.  I remember seeing a post here a few weeks back showing there's essentially unanimous opposition to segwit2x from the core devs.  It looked like most of the opposition stemmed from the hardfork and/or the rushed timeline of development.  These statements above are misrepresenting the situation, to put it generously.


Here the article is conflating Segwit and Segwit2x as if they're one and the same.  They are not.  Segwit is tested and ready, it's been ready for months.  It's probably the most tested major change to Bitcoin in history but it's been blocked by a small group of powerful interests who directly or indirectly control a big chunk of the hash rate.  Segwit2x adds changes to segwit that include a mandatory hardfork and is being rushed through in under 2 months.  I would not be surprised if it's either not ready on 21 July or it experiences issues upon deployment like BU did.
*edit, corrected date
@_date: 2017-07-20 07:51:50
Translation: Goldman finished buying into their Bitcoin position and so will stop FUD'ing for a while.
I here they have some great bonds for sale, AAA rated!
@_date: 2017-06-19 14:08:50
Roger that.
@_date: 2017-06-02 18:11:36
First, thank you for bringing this up!  I didn't know about this before. Is it true then before disabling this setting you would want to have at least 1 backup device activated and in a safe place, since otherwise if you lose your primary cellphone you're SOL?
@_date: 2017-06-26 17:46:08
The Godfather of HODL
@_date: 2017-06-19 04:00:35
Really inspirational, makes you reflect on what's really important
@_date: 2017-06-04 14:12:10
If you compare to nominal country GDP, it's bigger than about 100 countries.  On par with places like Tunisia, Lithuania, Dem Rep of Congo.  If you compare with inflation and even volatility of some of the currencies at that range you can see why it's such an attractive option.  For example Congolese Frank has depreciated 35% over past year and saw a 20% drop in 2 weeks back in November.
@_date: 2017-06-20 16:39:16


I noticed that to, was waiting for a detailed explanation but he sort of just asserted it without explaining why.  The best I could find was this statement:


Would be helpful if he named who some of the "experts on this matter" are, as almost all the experts I've read about say Bitcoin can and will safely scale.
@_date: 2017-06-30 15:46:59
Looks like there's an exchange called bitfish.io where someone dumped a bunch of BTC into an altcoin called GBCGoldCoin.  The website makes it look like some sort of Russian gold reserve token maybe a Russian speaker can confirm.  Not sure what to make of this, maybe oligarchs playing games.
@_date: 2017-06-23 12:48:04
Yeah it's supposed to end:
"so i've had some whiskey
actually on the bottle it's spelled whisky
sue me
(but only if it's payable in BTC)"
@_date: 2017-06-29 15:24:31
Was just in Hua Hin 2 weeks ago, beautiful beach there and cool night-market.  Congrats on your weight lose and good to see Bitcoin spreading through SE Asia.
@_date: 2017-06-27 15:12:04
Can SegWit2x really guarantee a hard-fork in 6mo/3mo/whenever?  Like couldn't majority of miners potentially just switch back to the Core client after SegWit2x activation if they wanted or is there something in SegWit2x that makes a HF within 6 mo unstoppable?
@_date: 2017-06-21 15:56:40
Lol, that last line... reminds me of this:
 
@_date: 2017-06-27 15:10:07


Can you see any more details on this.  Like is there still code being written, or it's almost all written but being reviewed, or it's in final testing stages?  The schedule says it's supposed to be 3 days away from testing complete.  
@_date: 2017-06-27 14:53:07
So that 336 block lock in time (~2.3 days) would mean even if they were a couple days late past 21 July deadline it would still activate before 1 August?  So to avoid an overlap with UASF, absolute last time to start signalling would be morning of 29 July.  Is this correct?
BTW, what would happen if this lock in time is going to overlap with UASF?
@_date: 2017-06-22 17:38:19
Looking forward to the day we start calling a 1000 BTC transfer 'tossing an Oprah'.
@_date: 2017-06-22 18:14:04
Good article, enjoyed the read.  It's interesting to step back and think through the long term implications and precedence that could be getting set depending on the direction things go.
One thing I've concluded from this whole debate is we desperately need more competition in the mining hardware manufacture space.
@_date: 2017-06-25 15:15:25
So BTC may be able to do everything ETH can, only it will actually be immutable, decentralized, and have value outside of just launching ICO's?  Interesting...
@_date: 2017-06-18 17:40:20
Apparently it's supposed to be done in 3 months now instead of 6 last I saw?  Anyway I don't think it matters, 
I'm starting to realize that segwit2x is just DCG (which has massive investments in bitcoin) finding a path that allows segwit to happen that still lets certain powerful miners to save face.  Either way segwit is happening (whether through 2x or a UASF) miner's just need a credible promise they'll get their block size increase so harmony will be restored and the dishonor of the broken HK agreement will be avenged, or whatever.
@_date: 2017-06-28 17:19:11
Think that puts it 83 days from now, or about 18 September.
@_date: 2017-06-27 13:44:52
Nope, it's just propaganda.  Recommend reviewing medium author's previous posts.  He has an article encouraging miners to support big blocks because of the "treachery" of Core developers nefariously choking the network while at the same time touting big blocks as a way to increase their fee revenue into a "bonanza".
 
Miner's see LN as a threat to their fee revenue so they'll be trashing it as much as they can, especially now that they see SEGWIT is happening.
@_date: 2017-06-27 14:18:55
This is brilliant, I'm still laughing going through the site.    Also enjoyed reading the white paper ;-)
@_date: 2017-06-19 16:03:39
Depending on how you define it, I don't think anyone can truly be "unbiased".  So in place of claiming to be "unbiased" I'll just state outright where I stand with respect to scaling and you can judge what I say accordingly.  
My interest in Bitcoin is also primarily economic/investment although I am fascinated by and have done a lot of research on the technical side and have come to some conclusions about the current situation based on that.  If I'm wrong on a technical point hopefully someone will correct it and we'll both learn more.
In a nutshell, I'm pro-Segwit and agnostic towards other changes as long as they're done safely and with wide consensus (this includes block size increases). 


From what I gather, there's three separate concerns with large blocks, one dealing with nodes, one with mining, and one with the implementation method (hard fork).  
Nodes: In order to run a "full node" you need to have a complete accounting of the bitcoin ledger going all the way back to the genesis block.  There are actually a lot of good reasons an "ordinary" user would want to run a full node, look up the 4 Jul 2015 accidental fork event.  The blockchain technology allows you to store these massive amount of transactions using relatively less hard drive space.  That being said, there are a LOT of transactions and the current ledger size is about 120 GB.  You can get a desktop with 1 TB of storage for under $400, which doesn't seem like a lot (if you're a middle class person in prosperous western country).  However larger blocks will cause this storage requirement to grow faster so one concern is that it increase the cost to run a full node and may put it out of reach of many folks who would otherwise want to run one.  Less nodes means more centralization and makes the network more prone to attack.
Mining:  From what I understand there's a time period whereby the miner that "found" a block gets to keep mining while everyone else needs to validate that block.  This gives a small but measurable advantage to larger miners which will spend a smaller percentage of time overall having to validate since they'll be getting more blocks.  Increasing the block size increases this time and so may increase this factor, thus hurting smaller miners and increasing centralization.  
Hard fork:  Ethereum famously split into Ethereum and Ethereum Classic because not everyone ended up supporting a hardfork.  If it doesn't have very solid consensus a hard fork could cause something similar in Bitcoin.  There probably is a safe way to hardfork but you're going to want to make sure you have a very high level of consensus, and that the code you're running is very well tested before implementing it.
That all being said.  There are some good arguments for having a larger block size.  On the surface it is a relatively simple change compared to Segwit.  Like 'hey everyone just start accepting blocks up to 2MB in size', bada bing, bada boom, more transaction throughput.  The key there is the "everyone".  Because it's a loosening of the rules it's not backwards compatible you need to do it through a hard fork, see the point above.


If you look at the timeline of who supported what when, I think the main reason seqwit2x is being supported now by miners is because of the UASF.  I don't think you would have segwit2x without UASF.  Look at how they're trying to rush segwit2x through before 31 July, and UASF happens to activate on 1 August, that is no accident.  Note that network congestion and consequently high fee's are actually in the (short term) best interest of miners and so many probably would rather that nothing happen and we remain in a deadlock.  This evident by the fact that 30% of miners haven't been signalling for BU (a bigger block scaling solution) nor Segwit.  UASF has forced the issue and stopped the stalling.  Perhaps some supporting UASF are opposed to a blocksize increase in principle for some of the reasons above but I would wager many just really want segwit now and are tired of miners stalling.  Note also segwit by itself is nearly a 2x increase in block capacity.


Many seem to think so.  It would explain a lot of why Bitmain in particular seems to be so resistant to segwit.  If after segwit is activated you see antpool hashrate drop 15% overnight that would be a big indicator.


Bitcoin Core is not a company or centrally run org, it's a loose aggregation of programmers who spend time coding and reviewing the most widely used Bitcoin client, the vast majority of whom are not paid to do so.  Nobody forces miners or nodes to run this client, they do so likely because it's widely seen as the most reviewed, tested, and thus the safest client to run.
Despite this, there's been a concerted effort to associate Core with a company called Blockstream as if they're all one and the same entity because some of the Core folks are also Blockstream employees.  There did seem to be a legitimate concern about Blockstream having Segwit related patents however they've pledged patent non-aggression which looks to alleviate much of this concern.  
I suppose insofar as Core folks in general probably tend to work in the bitcoin related companies and/or own bitcoin, activating segwit will benefit them along with everyone else.  I wouldn't call that sinister.
