@_author: platypus_diarrhea
@_date: 2016-04-13 02:35:21
I didn't use bitaddress to generate it.  I used the offline utility by casacius.  It was a C# project.  I used a random passphrase generated by keepass.  Didn't rely on something easy enough for my memory to remember :).
@_date: 2016-04-13 02:45:02
Alright, thanks.
@_date: 2016-04-12 08:16:17
Here's the fraudulent transaction in question:
Is it feasible that somebody stumbled across that many keys randomly?
Somebody was moving the bitcoin around a lot.  Is that the signature of a bitcoin laundry service?
@_date: 2016-04-13 02:44:06
Calm down jesus.  I said I have no evidence.  My bitcoin were stolen so it's reasonable for me to think about the various ways that was done, correct?
 &amp;nbsp; 
I never said I used bitaddress.org to generate my wallet.  I said I used it to generate a QR code to show to my phone.  And since I'm not broadcasting a transaction from bitaddress, there's no "transaction sniffing".  Nevertheless, I did put in my private key on a computer connected to the Internet.  I just doubt there was any malware since it was had a corporate anti-virus on it.  I keep my computers squeaky clean (because I'm not stupid enough to go on THOSE kind of websites) and also run virus scans regularly.  If it was malware on my computer, it had to be something taking "screenshots".  It couldn't even be a keylogger!  It was all copy-paste.    Nothing else in my digital life was stolen - no bank account details, no email, etc, so it had to just target my bitcoin.  That too, almost a year after I used it.  Seems far-fetched given nothing else of mine was compromised.  But yeah, it's also a possibility.  I recognize that.
@_date: 2016-04-12 08:15:27
The phone got smashed in March 2015, so no I don't still have it.  However, I removed the app right after spending the coin.  It was a non-rooted Nexus, so it was up to date with the latest Android at the time. While, possible, I don't believe the phone was used to compromise my wallet.  There just has been too much time between my last activity and the heist.  It IS possible that the mycelium app sends private keys to a server, and then the third party empties them out from time to time.  Would certainly make a free bitcoin app on the play store quite profitable lol...  I have no evidence - just speculating.
I didn't use bitaddress.org in an offline computer.  But, like I said, I had vetted the site by using chrome's dev tools to make sure it doesn't send XHR requests behind the user's back.
@_date: 2016-04-13 02:46:46
Thanks for the input.    Hmmm, do you have a link or name that I could Google to find out more?
@_date: 2017-06-29 15:26:04
Uhhh... a deflationary currency is potentially worse than an inflationary currency.  A "perfect money" would stay the same value over time.  That means it should cost roughly the same amount of money to buy a loaf of bread in 1900 as it does in 2000 as it might in 2100, barring any advances that lowers the fundamental economic cost of producing and distributing bread.  If your currency deflates, then people are motivated to not spend (HODL!!) because hey, the same money will be worth more tomorrow, right?  So why buy that car for 5 BTC today when you might be able to buy it at 4 BTC six months from now.  Since bitcoin is a fixed supply and economic output almost always grows over time, bitcoin is deflationary by design, regardless of how it's trading against fiat or other cryptos. 
A currency experiencing runaway inflation will cause that currency to go bust.  A currency experiencing runaway deflation can cause the entire economy to go down as people stop spending which causes places to go out of business which decreases economic activity even more in a downward spiral.  
Don't get me wrong, bitcoin is a novelty and certainly has some interesting applications, but don't act like it's the best the since gold coins and fiat is the worst thing ever.  Fiat has its issues but it works.  And it certainly works much better than Bitcoin ever would.  A technological solution to money may be the answer in the far future for our economic turmoils, but Bitcoin isn't that answer.  
But don't let logic get in the way of your circlejerk.
@_date: 2017-06-29 16:59:02
That's an interesting point of view and while I'm not sure the benefits would outweigh the chaos, at least you're making your choice consciously instead of being manipulated or going with the flow.  I can respect that.
@_date: 2017-06-29 15:49:42
Yes, that's why I said "barring any advances that lowers the fundamental economic cost of producing and distributing bread".  There's also supply and demand to consider which can push the price back up.   That's why you can't actually measure money against any one specific thing.  So, inflation indexes look at many different products but I wanted to keep my explanation simple which is why I used bread with that caveat.  The point is in a "perfect money" the price of bread is going up or down because of changes in how the bread is produced and/or consumed.  The money is a neutral facilitator of exchange in that scenario.  You switch one "perfect currency" out for another and the graph for bread would have the same shape.
@_date: 2017-06-29 16:53:40
Because only a fixed number of Bitcoins will ever be mined (~21M).  Also, due to the cryptographic requirement of being able to spend coins, it is possible to lose your private key and having those coins being "lost".  They will still appear in the transaction ledger and your address will still hold them, but no one can ever spend them (until quantum computers shake up the scene that is).  So, effectively, the supply of bitcoins will eventually be decreasing, in a sense.  
Combine this with the fact that economies usually grow.  Imagine if no fiat was printed since 1900.  Not only are there billions more people all trying to get a piece of that pie, but our technology has made us more productive per person overall, even if the world didn't have extra people since 1900.  So, even a currency that is in fixed supply will likely deflate over time.  Being *able* to print money is not inherently a bad thing.  The problem is that power is held by corrupt individuals - it's a human problem essentially.  Technology can and has solved many human problems before, but Bitcoin by design does not fit the bill IMO.  It's also why I suspect everyone is touting the potential of the blockchain instead of cryptocurrencies and governments are more or less allowing Bitcoin to do its thing.  Because it will never *replace* fiat but yeah it certainly has the potential to disrupt markets.