@_author: playingpoodles
@_date: 2017-03-12 13:21:23
At the end of the day when we deal with a business as long as they're not breaching fundamental rights I don't think we should entertain the thought that we can tell them how to do business. To me it seems within Coinbase's discretion to ask for webcam to confirm identity. They're stricter than you'd like them to be? Don't do business with them. No one large financial institution is going to be able to operate in domiciled in the USA for any length of time without having procedures to identify who moves money through it. This is not so the govt can track small-fish men like you and me moving our bitcoin around but to stop significant money launderers or organised criminals. I think just deal with the bitcoin enterprises you want to - there's dozens literally stealing people's Bitcoin, to me that's more comment worthy than Coinbase being strict on identification of customers.
@_date: 2017-03-12 08:58:56
There's better alternatives than Wirex, but given this is the Bitcoin space there are also other companies that are equally as dishonest as them. Shapeshift I believe is crazy to collaborate with Wirex, which in my personal experience "steals" customers' Bitcoin. (They've got around $12 (plus $4) of mine they won't return).
It takes Wirex about a week to respond to customers' support tickets - in my experience of opening several - and they told me more or less I could not have my excess Bitcoin back. There's more things wrong with them, but I think what I've just said is probably enough to give my Bitcoin brothers a heads up. 
@_date: 2017-03-12 10:05:56
I am presuming ShapeShift has cooperated in Wirex's integration of ShapeShift into their service - and if so, I believe ShapeShift has seriously tarnished its reputation.
I'm (yet another) who someone has been defrauded by e-coin/wirex. If you send them bitcoin don't expect to get any of it back. That's been my experience (for a paltry amount, say $12 plus $4 card fee), so I can confirm what this guy  has said.
Also, I suspect the card will be near useless for online purchases as I believe it is a Gibraltar issued card and unless you're in Gibraltar that will usually, or even almost always, ping fraud prevention algorithms and get rejected at processing.
@_date: 2017-03-13 09:58:12
As far as Bitcoin funded coins there's a couple of things to keep in mind. The debit cards from lots of the companies seem to be issued in Gibraltar. My experience is that this will be largely useless to you unless you have a VPN that can place your IP in Gibraltar - I think the majority of merchants now outsource fraud prevention to third party providers that do cross-relate your IP with the place of card issuance. That said, not all do (although I'm yet to find one that is practically useful that doesn't).
tormirez 's list is pretty good. I'd also add that if anonymity is less a concern, parhaps a card from one of the larger bitcoin players, I'm not trying to be partisan but Bitpay, Coinbase, or really any of the big guys, is probably a safer place to put Bitcoin.
A lot of the many Bitcoin debit card providers are likely to become fraudulent at some point. Coinizy for example worked great for me a couple of weeks ago - now the card I've loaded with $15 won't work at all, and no support tickets are answered after a week. I'm not prepared to assume that's a scam yet. But Wirex e-coin for example is all over Reddit with customers not getting Bitcoin back, and I can personally attest to that too. It's a clear scam.
In my case, I've only ever used very small amounts of Bitcoin because I assumed fraudulence, and it seems that has been a sensible policy.
If I was going to put significant amounts of money forward, there's no way I'd consider anything but a card from some of the largest players in the Bitcoin space as they have a reputation to lose. For small amounts, say for getting a trial of something that requires credit card validation, sure I'd be willing to lose $2 or $3 trying out different providers.
@_date: 2017-03-12 08:46:43
Shapeshift in my opinion are seriously damaging their reputation by collaborating with Wirex which is a scam. If Shapeshift are in the bitcoin space for the long haul, if you read this guys you're crazy dirtying your name on Wirex, which is a petty, if no doubt profitable, scam that never returns customers' excess bitcions.
Wirex stole my bitcoin too - beware of Wirex, e-coin.
@_date: 2017-03-12 10:30:24
We didn't all see the warnings - and ShapeShift is giving Wirex e-coin legitimacy by integrating with them. Wirex e-coin is a scam - unfortunately, by collaborating with them, Shapeshift gives them the appearance of legitimacy, and tarnishes its own, Shapeshift's, reputation.
All up Wirex has gibbed me out of $16. But if they do that times 100,000 people, not a bad game is it?
@_date: 2017-03-30 16:07:00
Coinbase have appalling customer service, it's quite strange, as if they almost dislike their customers. 
For a nice example, I spent about 5 hours repeatedly re-uploading my passport photo because they accepted it, then their system 20 minutes later automatically rejected it. Their response to my support email was to tell me my email did not have an account with them. When I pointed out to them that they had been sending numerous automated emails asking me to fund my account to email so it must have an account with them and explained I would share this on Reddit they immediately banned me and my account.
Coinbase obviously offers competitive Bitcoin buying rates for US residents, that's why they're such a big player despite their lousy customer service. It might be a false economy though, because you'll spend hours upon hours dealing with a faulty system without any support.
I also have serious doubts about whether the so-called "insurance" Coinbase purports to have - which is a big reason for their popularity - is worth the paper it is written on. Insure against outsider Bitcoin attacks, I very much doubt it as the risk would be enormaous and would want to see the wording.
I don't have a personal interest in this other than being a consumer, I'd certainly suggest Gemini for all US residents. Otherwise I'd tend towards Bitstamp. 
For non-US residents I wouldn't go near Coinbase with a barge-pole because you'll have none of the regulatory protecitons US residents will if Coinbase blocks your accoutn wtih your money and/or bitcoin/ether in there.
@_date: 2017-03-12 08:36:05
I've used e-coin and strongly recommend against them. They have done what I would describe as "stole" a small amount of bitcoin from me, $15. Let me explain. They are sitting on I don't know around $12 of my bitcoin and won't return it to me. Their support takes around 5 working days to reply. They would not tell me how to recover bitcoin, and instead implied I could not. Also, I believe their debit card is unworkable for a couple for reasons: firstly, I opened mine in the name of "Use Card" for around $4. Great, they take my money. Then when you go to fund you, only then does e-coin tell you you basically need ID equivalent to opening a bank account scanned and sent to them. Obviously my name is not "Use Card" and I therefore cannot provide the documents. They won't even refund the bitcoin I haven't used, so I think I've got little chance of a refund on the unusble card either. I believe their cards may be issued in Gibraltar too which I think largely will not be accepted for online payements, I'd say almost certainly not if as most merchants now do they have a third party fraud prevention provider involved in the processing.
@_date: 2017-03-12 09:11:23
I've used them all - a third or more are scams, another third or more are almost useless because the card is Gibraltar issued, which the processor immediately knows because the first 6 digits of the card denominate region - in this case, unless you're in Gibraltar your coin will probably not be accepted by merchant processor. Coinizy however HAS WORKED for me, is issued in my local region and I have used it successfully for transactions. They've snubbed me of late and not replied to my tickets, but I still love them because of all the players in this field - and I have checked out almost all - they're the only one that works. It's mainly to do with the that first six digits of the card number actually - all the others I've come across issue a Gibraltar coded card. Make up your own mind I guess.
@_date: 2017-03-13 10:09:09
Look, it's hard to tell shilling criticism from genuine criticism of companies in crypto space in Reddit. However, if you look at a few posts, you can. Wirex e-coin is a scam, I've lost a tiny amount of money from them, less cautious poeple have lost a lot. You can waste your time and be frustrated by contacting their support.
I would recommend everyone who has had Bitcoin stolen from them by Wirex e-coin to spend their time posting their experiences to Reddit rather than waiting a week or two to get a non-response from Wirex that means you're not getting your Bitcoin back.
Posting to Reddit will at least have some impact on their ability to defraud going forward. I don't care how many paid employees of Wirex downvote this comment, at some point the more and more people who have been ripped off come out, the more and more they'll have to pay employees to try and counter those true experiences with their paid rebuttals on Reddit.
@_date: 2017-03-12 10:16:20
Using ShapeShift's name - and I am assuming ShapeShift has allowed Wirex/e-coin to integrate them into Wirex's website - Wirex/e-coin has stolen a lot of bitcoin from people. Reddit is littered with people who cannot get their bitcoin back, like me. Don't believe me, but google Reddit and Wirex e-coin and you'll get the idea.
@_date: 2017-03-12 09:22:52
Wirex / e-coin is clearly a fraudulent enterprise. I am surprised ShapeShift has cooperated with them, as appears to be the case judging by its integration in t heir website. I am a person who has lost about $15 to e-coin. I would describe them as having "stolen" this from me. I'm not that distraught about it, but happy to tell the world. Problems I've had: 1. they won't refund about $12 of my bitcoin they're sitting on, and when i opened a ticket a week or so later they more or less told me there's no way for me to recover it 2. I opened a card in the name of "Use Card", fine they take my $4 - only after this, when I try to fund it, they demand ID equivalent of opening a bank account to use - obviously my name is not "Use Card" and I cannot provide identity document for that generic name. 
Also, I believe their cards are Gibraltar issued cards - unless you're living in Gibraltar I think you'll have enormous trouble getting merchants to accept the card - I believe it'll almost always ping fraud prevention algorithms.
@_date: 2017-04-03 15:27:09
Probably an inside job by devs. Refer to my Reddit post here:
And bitcointalk post here:
@_date: 2017-04-02 09:28:41
You'll see my comment defending Coinbase below, that was 20 days ago BEFORE I used Coinbase.
Now, SINCE using Coinbase,  is right and I am wrong. Coinbase are a nightmare. It's not that they have KYC and AML laws - it's that their system is appalling and their customer service worse. It will waste you an awful lot of your time, and once you comply with all possible and reasonable requirements (webcam, or phone cam of you holding your ID docs) they'll still close your account. 
Absolute nightmare, in my case they did all this, wasted more than half an hour of my time, and then when I told Coinbase support I would tell Reddit about it they immediately closed my account without (the only fast support response I got from them:) ). If you are not a US resident don't even think of using them. US residents have some consumer protection and should consider using them with caution. Gemini would be one of the few alternatives for US residents.