@_author: playanaut
@_date: 2015-12-14 22:40:43
Welcome to the 0.3% club - where no more than 1 out of 300 people will ever own more than 1 bitcoin at any given time.*
* 21 Million BTC/7 Billion People = 1 out of 300 people.
@_date: 2014-09-28 18:51:50
You're missing my point - from the consumer perspective, they don't even see bitcoin. Since Bitcoin's advantages are primarily on the back-end, through lower fees, charge-backs, etc. companies like BitPay and Coinbase could faciliate a fiat/btc/fiat transaction on behalf of both the consumer and merchant.  From the consumer's perspective, it's seamless. Additionally, they now have an additional avenue in which to move their balances around - either to another provider, or to an offline wallet (i.e. be their own bank). These are bonuses, not primaries.
Obvious case in point are Remittances. I see no reason why a person can't send Euro's to a cousin in Africa, with a provider like Coinbase acting as transmitter, and using btc as the transmitting medium of exchage.  I can go into any airport and exchange one fiat for another in less than 5 minutes. I see no reason why this can't work with btc either.  Whoever can do this, stands to supplant Western Union. Yet, it's not happening. There must be a reason, and I think it must be some kind of regulation, or fear of regulation that is preventing it from happening.
@_date: 2014-09-28 19:12:29
No, this is something I've been saying for months, even before the price breaks.
@_date: 2014-09-29 00:09:22
That is correct - DISH, Expedia and Dell are *not* accepting bitcoins. It's B.S. They are accepting *cash* from your bitcoins being sold by Coinbase on the open market.
@_date: 2014-09-29 00:12:36
Do you have their support email address?
@_date: 2014-01-02 03:30:43
Actually the 51% threat is no longer "looming over bitcoin", since the network is now 60 times more powerful than the top 500 supercomputers in the world combined. The NSA, arguably the leader in supercomputer power, would have to create dozens of buildings in Utah to reach a 51% level. And at the rate hashing power is incresaing, they'd need to double that number again less than 30 days later, and double it yet again 30 days after that.
The 51% problem is way behind us. The biggest threats to cryptocurrency is either government regulation or some kind of core vulnerability that has yet to be discovered, and proves fatal. The odds of the latter are also fading as the smartest minds in the world examine and upgrade the code. The former, government regulation, will I am afraid continue to loom over cryptocurrency for a little longer. But even with that looming threat, it recedes every day as more and more businesses adopt it. Overstock.com is on it's way, so Ebay, PayPal and Amazon can't be far behind.
@_date: 2014-09-28 18:42:51
I hope you're correct, because right now it's looking pretty grim.
@_date: 2014-01-02 05:43:05
Guilds have every incentive not to do that, otherwise they would loose their already significant investment. All a 51% attack accomplishes is a massive loss of confidence and sell off, wiping out any gains that might come from it. 
@_date: 2014-09-28 18:53:02
PayPal is able to clear payment from my connected checking account almost instantly. They've done it dozens of times. What am I missing here?
@_date: 2014-09-28 18:23:12
What good are superior monetary properties if it's difficult to obtain coins in the first place? Worse, it's still difficult to use bitcoin, and to store it properly. Here's a perfect case in point:
With PayPal, I can make a $1000 purchase with an online merchant, even though I do not have $1000 in my PayPal account. If I only have $50 in my PayPal account, PayPal automatically and *instantly* debits the remaining amount from my connected checking account.
Why then does this not work with Coinbase, or any other provider?? With Coinbase, you can't purchase anything instantly with bitcoin, unless you already have the bitcoin in the first place. And in order to get that bitcoin in the first place, you have to wait 3-5 business days for your purchase to actually get you spendable bitcoins. Worse, Coinbase is notorious for cancelling bitcoin purchases, especially if the price is rising. And should they cancel or there be any problems, Coinbase has NO CUSTOMER SERVICE - no email contact, no online chat help, no phone number, nada.
If this is the best bitcoin has (Coinbase), Bitcoin is in real trouble. 
The reason the price is falling so fast, is there are plenty of exit doors, either through instantaneous selling, or through wider merchant spending options, but very little or no ENTRY doors. 
If the Bitcoin space doesn't address and fix this *elephant* in the room, bitcoin will be marginalized at best, or outright doomed.
@_date: 2014-09-28 19:33:00
Are you bearish or bullish long term then?
I remain bullish on Bitcoin for the following reasons:
1) It's supply cannot be inflated, thus serving as a hedge against fiat inflation. Similar to gold in this way. Bitcoin's future supply is mathematically certain, gold is not.
2) It's more difficult to control or confiscate, should capital controls become onerous. Because of it's physicality, gold is easier to find and confiscate.
3) It's easier to transmit over long distances, making it more transmissible and liquid than gold.
@_date: 2014-01-02 03:42:06
This looks like a whale has a large and fixed sell order at $819.99, so each time a buyer emerges to purchase at that price, the seller sells a bit more of his overall order. Assuming this is true, that cap will remain until all of his sell order completes. Just guessing though.
@_date: 2014-09-28 19:55:26
I must be thick. I don't see why or how irreversibility slows down the purchase.  If Coinbase can instantly debit my checking account $1000 to purchase bitcoins, they now have my money. They can then instantly take out their cut of 1%, and the purchase is made through an exchange they manage. The cash is not delivered to the seller, until 2 or more confirmations have come through. At this point, everyone wins. There is no need for reservability, because delivery has occurred and been verified by the blockchain. This irreversibility favors both the buyer and Coinbase. Only the seller is at risk. And I don't see any mechanism preventing a seller from selling his or her coins to Coinbase, or anywhere else for that matter. When I sell coins through Coinbase, the sale happens instantly. It's the buying of the coins that takes 3-5 days. 
So please enlighten me here. Maybe I didn't drink enough coffee this morning. :-)
@_date: 2014-09-28 19:23:07
Are you saying nation's would move to a decentralized (outside of their control) blockchain? The problem nation's have with a cryptocurrency like Bitcoin, is they supply cannot be inflated the money supply to finance wars and create wealth for them and their cronies. Therefore I can't see them moving to a decentralized blockchain system, unless they have no choice, or they create a centralized one they control.
@_date: 2014-09-28 19:10:55
I'm getting your point perfectly. You are talking about incentives for consumers, and I'm talking about incentives for merchants and others in the backend. I agree there is no incentive for consumers to use bitcoin *directly* at this point. You are still missing my point, which is bitcoin's superiority on the backend. Remittances are a perfect case in point. A bitcoin remittance company could undercut Western Union today by several percentage points. It's a lucrative business opportunity, the most obvious one touted by Bitcoin evangelists, yet it's still not happening. And the reason must be some kind of regulation, or fear of regulation. If you're saying there is no incentive for a Bitcoin remittance company to exist, then please specify how that is the case.
@_date: 2014-01-02 05:56:34
Sounds nice, but logically meaningless. Length of explanation was required to adequately address each point raised by Gordon.  Using your logic Gordon either didn't deserve a reply, or he should have been happy with a blind statement of rebuttal.
@_date: 2014-09-28 19:02:43
Coinbase has no risk. When they go to debit my checking account, it either clears or doesn't clear instantly, just as if I was at the gas pump with my debit card. If the money is not in my account, the gas pump will not accept my card. The only person who can loose on a bitcoin facilitated purchase is the consumer, with no chargebacks. This can in turn be rectified by Coinbase creating a "certified and insured merchant seal", where Merchants agree to chargebacks for certain disputes as part of having the seal. Consumers can then choose freely whether to shop at "insured merchants" or not. Easy fix.
@_date: 2015-11-09 03:28:12
A friend just referred me to this, which apparently resolves the fundamental limitation of block size and transaction speed by generating a forward looking block as opposed to a retrospective block  - 
@_date: 2015-11-07 21:26:45
What about Flexcaps? This way there is no longer any debate as to what is the proper size - the size of each block mined is determined individually and economically.
"The proposed solution, therefore, is to allow miners to increase the limit on blocks they mine – but at a cost. By effectively charging miners for the creation of bigger blocks, there is an incentive for these miners to keep blocks smaller. Meanwhile, miners have the option to scrape up additional mining fees by (temporarily) creating bigger blocks. If the additional fees are worth more that the additional cost, it makes sense to increase size of a particular block.
These opposing incentives should result in a balance, a block size that is acceptable to developers, miners, users, and other network participants – at least in theory."
@_date: 2013-12-17 01:18:27
I see a class action discrimination lawsuit coming to banks that refuse to do business with any person or business that works with bitcoin. Clearly Coinbase *has* an existing relationship with a bank, so clearly this is not a black or white issue, and is most definitely a case of discrimination. Can banks do blanket refusal "across the board" discrimination of prospective customers because of the business they work in? I'm not an attorney, so some legal clarity would be nice.
I believe the primary reason for Coinbase receiving $25 million in VC is precisely to fight this upcoming battle. 