@_author: playcoins
@_date: 2014-11-11 14:55:38
How can the UK gov create a policy on a technology they know nothing about? Calling for information is a start but shouldn't they be employing somebody from the bitcoin community to advise them? To me and many others its obvious to see the positive reasons for government support. Job opportunity's and economic growth from the fastest growing industry which had half a billion venture capital investment in 2014. Bitcoin is processing 5 billion dollars over a financial network of computers which peaked at 14 billion in the space of 4 years. I cannot imagine anyone who has spent the time to educate themselves on the code and maths of bitcoin, responding negatively.
If the gov are taking advice on policy making  from the bank of england then that would be a grave mistake.  mike carney displays how little he knows about crypto-currency. Mike mentions and compares bitcoin with banks that are issuing more notes and quote "the incentive to issue more notes is there" and everybody knows bitcoin has a 21 million supply cap. Mike also talks about accountability which means nothing if the bank of england actually causes the rate of inflation to rise faster than the minimum wage by printing more notes in exchange for government bonds which = austerity. What mike Carney fails to understand is bitcoin is a completely different financial model to the GBP or any other fiat currency. GBP is backed up by government bonds (debt) and the housing market (mortgages). Its very strange how Mike doesn't take bitcoin seriously atall, then a few months later the BOE release papers warning of a threat to stability of the economy. Come on mike, make your mind up!!!! This is a weak attempt to convince the government that bitcoin is more risky than fractional reserve banking, which crashes the economy roughly every 10 or so years.
Bitcoin is a global internet currency that is self regulated by maths and code and the community who audit the open source code. Bitcoin is digital gold. Digital crypto currency like bitcoin are backed up by proof of work and decentralized autonomous networks like bitshares can create currency's pegged to any stable value. These digital currency's have less restrictions and more utility with a far greater level security than a fractional reserve banking system can offer. The fact that bitcoin is programmable money on the worlds most powerful decentralized network of computers says it all. The potential of this financial internet is huge. Not just in terms of a global internet currency, when smart contracts and other applications of the bitcoin network come into play, it will be a game changer.