@_author: playonward
@_date: 2013-12-04 01:19:40
Decent for me is a holiday gig at Nintendo, which I was ecstatic about 2 days before we got his diagnosis. It starts in a week. Meanwhile my wife has had an on-call position with a whopping 16 hours a week, though she also got a second job...it also starts in about a week after they dragged their feet. The timing is a disaster, but doing this reddit thing is getting my rage up when I should be cuddling my puppy.
@_date: 2013-12-03 08:22:57
The album has a few new pics that I think are the proof you are asking for. Once he got home I framed him in a shot with the qr code and the /rbitcoin on screen. If that isn't enough, let me know. We can force him to stand up and pose for pics to show how bony he has become, but I'm trying to save my dog, not humiliate him.
@_date: 2013-12-03 07:32:15
The bill is in the album, but I will add a current pic in a minute. 
@_date: 2013-12-03 08:05:25
Holy crap it is cold! My wife took him for a walk just as I posted this, but I just updated the album with the best pic I could get. (he was camped out in some bushes) When they get back I may update with a clearer one, though to be honest I don't know how the qc code works.
Unicorn, a friend of mine supplied us with various 'hemp' related products, including high-cbd oil. Part of the last two weeks was trying to get him to eat it, but with very little warning he just stopped eating anything, and when we force fed anything remotely solid it would come right back up.
Thanks for the comments. I can imagine how scams would ruin it for the good ones, and will provide anything within reason to validate what I have said.
@_date: 2013-12-03 08:48:29
Thank you so much!
@_date: 2013-12-03 09:02:30
Thank you so much for those who have donated. I uploaded this video of Hiro talking a year ago, and hope you enjoy it(even though it only had 28 views in a year!). He used to do this all the time as part of a precisely crafted begging routine, but with no interest in food we haven't heard him talk in two weeks. :(
@_date: 2013-12-03 07:42:24
Yorrick, the ultrasound 2 weeks ago was enough for the radiologist to say it was cancer, but we chose not to do a surgical biopsy at the time to 'confirm' it is cancer. My naive hope is that it is something more treatable, hence the 'exploratory' part. If the ultrasound is correct, he may have a tumor that can be resected, but it also may have spread. I'll be honest, even with the surgery his chances are not great, especially since he stopped eating and has lost a lot of weight. 
@_date: 2013-12-04 00:54:15
I hate to repost this, but there were too many skeptics last night, and I don't know what else to do.
Meet Hiro. He just turned 7, and two weeks ago was diagnosed with a rare and totally douchey form of cancer. Until he started mysteriously vomiting, he was in perfect health. Now I am sad to report he hasn’t eaten in 4 days, has lost 15% of his body weight, and may not make it to another weekend, let alone Christmas. 
My wife and I just picked up our lives and transplanted to Seattle in October, and while we have both secured decent jobs, the move plus tests and medications have drained us down to the last penny. If this had all happened 2 months ago we had enough money, and if it happened two months from now we would be able to pull together the cash.
To cut to the chase, the only chance he has left is surgery(in under 24 hours), and we can’t afford it. Friends and family all want to chip in, but his chances are admittedly slim, and they don’t want us going into debt chasing a hope. I love this guy more than anything, and can’t bring myself to imagine a world without him…so we refuse to give up without doing everything possible. 
 
A friend of mine is a bitcoin evangelist, and just guided me through opening a wallet, as well as starting me off with a generous donation since bitcoins are surging and he has been mining them for years. Reddit is as new to me as bitcoin, but I basically have 24 hours to raise enough money for the surgery, or we will have to put Hiro to sleep without a fighting chance.
I humbly ask you for even the smallest donation, as well as any hopes and prayers you want to share for his survival and recovery. 
Thanks Reddit! 
Donate Bitcoin: 17UUpksP2R7bb3JArrsdKtxLJdXxb5JaVr
@_date: 2013-12-03 18:37:33
It just hit me that today is likely to be the last full day with my puppy. Yesterday was surreal, and sharing all this with strangers left me kind of numb. Now I'm back to remembering that even if we can do the surgery(which is a big IF) he may not survive, and I'm not ok with that.
We are nowhere near our goal, but I appreciate the good wishes and even the advice. Now to give him a big hug!
@_date: 2013-12-03 07:22:05
Reddit, meet Hiro. He just turned 7, and two weeks ago was diagnosed with a rare and totally douchey form of cancer. Until he started mysteriously vomiting, he was in perfect health. Now I am sad to report he hasn’t eaten in 4 days, has lost 15% of his body weight, and may not make it to another weekend, let alone Christmas. 
My wife and I just picked up our lives and transplanted to Seattle in October, and while we have both secured decent jobs, the move plus tests and medications have drained us down to the last penny. If this had all happened 2 months ago we had enough money, and if it happened two months from now we would be able to pull together the cash.
To cut to the chase, the only chance he has left is surgery, and we can’t afford it. Friends and family all want to chip in, but his chances are admittedly slim, and they don’t want us going into debt chasing a hope. I love this guy more than anything, and can’t bring myself to imagine a world without him…so we refuse to give up without doing everything possible. 
 
A friend of mine is a bitcoin evangelist, and just guided me through opening a wallet, as well as starting me off with a generous donation since bitcoins are surging and he has been mining them for years. Reddit is as new to me as bitcoin, but I basically have 48 hours to raise enough money for the surgery, or we will have to put Hiro to sleep without a fighting chance.
I humbly ask you for even the smallest donation, as well as any hopes and prayers you want to share for his survival and recovery. 
Thanks Reddit! 
Donate Bitcoin: 17UUpksP2R7bb3JArrsdKtxLJdXxb5JaVr
@_date: 2013-12-04 01:05:31
I can say without hesitation that I don't really care about the rules of subreddit right now. I tried posting this in the Assistance section but after verifying and tagging the post it still does not appear to be visible to the public, and it's not like I have a lot of other options. As for the skeptics, there doesn't seem to be a lot I can do to quash every doubt, and if I had planned for any of this maybe I could add an album of his bloody vomit and tarry diarrhea. 