@_author: plexluthor
@_date: 2013-11-24 01:15:35
You've listed many of the major problems with forming a new nation.  While I don't want to minimize those difficulties, I honestly still think that forming a new nation is easier than reforming the US.  My brother is of your opinion, that we're better of focusing on fixing the US.  Where applicable, I'm sure he'll be putting our good ideas into practice here or wherever we can find support.
Not to get into an education rant, but a major part of the problem with public education is that families have been severely weakened.  School has had to take on many of the responsibilities that families used to have.  It has become a welfare administration system, a daycare system, and penal system, and political action committee.  Oh, and they also try to educate children.  My gripe with some of the richer folks is that they want to go semi-anarchy, with no public education.  Home-schooling works great when you are rich and have a stable family with Internet access.  So either we need social policy that almost guarantees that, or else we need education policy.  Not everyone sees it that way.


I think you should go back and read your history.  At almost every step of the way, people are criticizing current politicians for their corruption, and saying how just one generation earlier there wasn't this sort of corruption.  The only thing that's new with this generation is that at least we recognize that there has been corruption for quite a while.  But if you read history, there has always been corruption.
We are certainly not headed in the direction of a 100 page constitution.  Quite the opposite.  I personally think that a major problem with reform in the US is that proposals are too complex, and people are loss averse, so in the face of complexity they become paralyzed and just stick with the same system.  That's certainly the case with much of the resistance to ACA, for example.  I cannot seriously imagine that anyone who had been living under ACA for 10 years or more would be demanding we switch to the US system of 5 years ago.  And yet that is logically equivalent to demanding that we stick with the current system instead of moving to ACA.  But because ACA is imperfect and complex, many people and politicians reject the reform.  I'm not in love with ACA, but I'm a huge fan of anything that gets us out of a rut.  5 years into Obamacare (or less, perhaps) we'll get super-majorities calling for another reform to fix what's wrong with Obamacare, and I think that's great.  But more generally, we need any political system to be either a) intentionally temporary, or b) incredibly simple.  "Complexity is immoral" got used in the last email chain on taxation, and it kind of stuck.
You mentioned that if we succeed, what's to stop others from starting their own nations.  I completely agree, and that's one major objective.  Not to set up the be-all-end-all of governments, but to snap people out of their complacency by showing them that change is possible.  Change from within seems out of reach, so we're looking at how to try new systems without needing to reform existing ones.  But I don't disagree with reform, either.


Absolutely.  And to be honest, we're stuck a little there, because corruptible people will always seek positions of power.  It was only half-serious at first, but one idea that we are taking more seriously lately is to replace aspects of the democracy with a lottery system, or at least to only allow candidacy randomly. It only works if you instill a proper sense of civic duty, though, and if you can do that, democracy might be good enough as is.  But no career politicians, no maneuvering or posturing to help with a later political career.  I feel exactly the same way about politicians as you feel about teachers--they're experts in the wrong things.  Right now, our elected officials are the people who are good at getting elected, not those who are good at governing.
I appreciate your comments, so let me clarify a few things so you don't get the wrong idea.  I am a born-and-raised US citizen, and I love the US.  The group of us planning a new form of government think the US legal code has gotten overly complex and out-dated, and would love to be able to hit the reset button, but just don't think that's realistic.  We think that actually demonstrating the benefits of a simpler, modern system is the quickest way to improve government everyone.  Also, none of us are billionaires, and only one of us has ever held elected office, so there are almost certainly giant gaps in our thinking.  We've been having loose discussions for about 5 or 6 years, and in the last year or so have gotten more serious.  Three of the others have already started a book (fiction, about a society that has something like the government we're talking about, started after one of them read *Atlas Shrugged* and thought that while Rand's politics weren't the best, the concept of writing about them in fiction was a good concept), and now one of them has asked me to co-author a non-fiction book that lays out our ideas.  I don't actually think our ideas are finished, but many of the foundational concepts probably are.  One thing I find encouraging is that my liberal friends and my extremely conservative family (including the brother I mentioned) *both* find these ideas appealing.  I'm not sure where it's headed, but like I said before, it's a non-zero chance that we actually try them out somehow in the relatively near future, like while my kids are still under 18, which is kind of exciting and scary.
I think there are hundreds if not thousands of families in the US who would be willing to uproot and try out a new system, if they thought it was reasonably beneficial and socially just.  And I think lots of people have identified some of the problems and have opinions about US politics, but are just too busy with life to take the thought process two or three steps further to find solutions.  So if we can lay out some straightforward actions to *fix* those problems, people will quickly follow along.  That's the hope, anyway.
@_date: 2013-11-23 14:39:10
Small at first, maybe 100 square miles total.
Right now the best spots are coastal Mexico or eastern Canada, but one of the financial backers is pulling for a seasteadding approach (buy oil rigs and cruiseliners and such) and if he's actually willing to fund it, that simplifies some aspects.  I personally think if it takes 10 or 20 more years to get enough people and money committed to doing it, parts of Africa will work and be easier politically.  Definitely not US, Russia, or China, probably not anywhere near the EU.  Maybe India or somewhere in South America, but we don't know enough about those locations to say.
This is not a night-time dream, though at the moment I'd give it less than 10% odds of actually happening, and less than 1% odds of actually working.  The why is combination of rights and finances.  The who is one of the main problems we're working on, because half the idealists aren't really committed, and the other half don't want to do it if it only works for rich healthy educated folk (ie, if it will fail in the second generation), and the people with the money to make it happen think they ought to decide everything (but they're either naive or greedy on most topics).
When is up in the air.  Definitely not in the next 5 years, probably never.  There are two ways to do it.  One is to get a society working within the context of an existing nation and then just quit following the laws of that nation (mainly paying taxes) at some point, which we call soft secession.  If we go this route, the beginnings of the city-state that will eventually secede would start in the next 5 or 10 years.  The other way is a hard break from an existing nation, which would take a lot longer to set up, but would give us a more definitive nation, so if that fails it will fail on day one, and if it doesn't fail on day one there's a good chance it will work long-term.
So on the one hand, yes this is extremely unlikely, and talking about the details of the currency model we'll use is ignoring much bigger problems with the whole idea.  But on the other hand, I think it's only a matter of time until somebody forms a new nation on a new foundation (ie, not modeled after the US Constitution), and whether that's my group or someone else, they'll probably consider Bitcoin and alt-coins, hence my question.
The only answer so far is tourism from early adopters of Bitcoin, and the half of the idealists who don't want to see it fail in the second generation probably will reject that answer.
@_date: 2013-02-21 16:22:06
Even *if* the US dollar undergoes hyperinflation, there is nothing to prevent some alternative currency besides Bitcoin from doing exactly what Bitcoin has done.  The only advantage Bitcoin would have at that point is marketshare.  But imagine a person who finds herself with 100USD of savings when 1BTC=100USD.  She sees a bunch of people who got in early to Bitcon who paid much less than 100USD, and feels ripped off.  So instead of buying bitcoins, she decides to barter directly or create her *own* currency.  People who already have Bitcoins want her to use Bitcoins, but anyone not already in Bitcoin doesn't care, and is happy to barter directly or use her new currency (or create their own).  The Bitcoin owners really want to trade with her, though, so they offer her a better exchange rate, say, 1BTC=30USD, so she doesn't feel as ripped off.  Maybe she agrees, maybe she doesn't, and as you can see, there's nothing in that scenario keeping her from holding out for an even better exchange ratio, or keeping BTC from becoming absolutely worthless.
@_date: 2013-11-22 16:51:01
The biggest (by far, imho) problem with Bitcoin is that it's only resistance to competition is that it has a head-start.  The protocol/technology is totally open-source by design, so there's nothing stopping anyone from forking the project and starting their own currency (and in fact, people are already doing this).
People don't like wealth inequality.  People have this irrational need for fairness, and if they decide that Bitcoin is "unfair" because early adopters are super-rich, they'll start a new currency.  Merchants who accept Bitcoin but refuse to accept the 2nd-most-popular crypto-currency will be branded as part of the problem, so merchants will accept all the alt currencies, eroding Bitcoins only real value as a currency.
Unless/until a legal entity is able to require you to pay with BTC, there is no intrinsic value, in a bad way.  I'm working on plans to start a new nation with crypto-currency as the fiat currency (seriously, I am) but I'm having trouble justifying using BTC instead of an alternative.  Convince me why I should use BTC and you'll have successfully ended the debate over this point.
@_date: 2013-11-24 00:18:03
Just to clarify how soft secession would work, we wouldn't waltz into an existing city one day and declare ourselves a new nation the next.  We'd move to a place where no one currently lives and build up a city where nothing previously existed.  I recognize it's still got all sorts of complications, but it would be wrong to say that we would be taking land from Mexico or Canada.  We'd be buying undeveloped land from whomever currently owns it.  At first, we'd pay any property taxes assessed by the government to which the land currently belongs, but we would certainly not accept aid from that government, so that we could, in good conscience, later secede from that government.


Yes, except that probably the easiest way for a government that doesn't like what we're doing to stop us (short of military intervention, which we think is unlikely at first) is an embargo, at least wrt some of the harder-to-get things like medical supplies.


Absolutely.  We are in active discussions about both what is wrong with the US system and how we might try to improve it.  One of the things I love most about talking about education is that even if we don't end up with a new nation, we could at least improve local education, either through home-schooling or a charter school, and these days good ideas in education spread like wildfire.


It's not going to be a tax haven, but definitely they want certain things that some of us aren't comfortable with.  But that's true of any libertarian-leaning ideal, and at this point we're probably closer to libertarianism than any other political -ism, though we're moving further from that as we discuss practical implementation stuff.


You asked early about the why, and mentioned in this comment that we better have a legit grievance.  This is the succinct way of phrasing it.  Another way would be, can you re-write the US Constitution in such a way that it won't succumb to corruption.  We think the answer is yes, but we're not sure yet.
@_date: 2013-11-24 12:27:45
Thanks.  If it ever comes time to settle, I'll ping you and see if you're not still interested.
The US hasn't ever really dealt with emigration.  If our new nation works, and either others follow suit or we can scale it up, Americans will start leaving, and the US (and most of the West) will be forced to change.
@_date: 2013-11-23 20:10:17
Your advice doesn't happen to be based on your experience with forming new nations or new systems of government, does it?  If it is, I'd like to hear more about your experiences.  Seriously.
To your first point, we are going to use a new currency, not the USD.  There's no point in starting a new nation if the US can control your money.
To your second point, I think you have it perfectly backwards.  In real examples of nations entering the UN, it is because *first* some other nations recognized the new nation, and *then* the UN recognized it.  We think global economics will make other nations want to recognize us, so getting the UN to recognize us too won't be hard.  Only the previous owner of the actual land we use, like Canada or Mexico, will be hard to convince.


Yes, but before the 1770s, something *else* was the best in the world.  Similarly, we think that at some point in the future, the US Constitution (which is great, and was a HUGE step forward, don't get me wrong) will be replaced by something even better.  


It's not magical, but sure, we'll start publishing/recruiting once we think we have something workable.  At this point it's hard to publish because while we have a lot of theory (that is, we're drawing on a lot of theory by others) we still aren't convinced that it will work in practice.  As I'm sure you are aware if you've tried this before, it's the practical application of political and economic theory that's the tricky part (if you need proof, just ask a Libertarian).
@_date: 2013-02-20 15:15:54




No, you're not missing anything.  Bitcoin's only value is based on people's confidence that they'll be able to trade it for something with intrinsic value at some point in the future.  As long as people have that confidence, it will be useful as a medium of exchange, but *anything* that shakes that confidence will diminish its value.  If diminishing value shakes that confidence, it's a downward spiral from which you cannot recover.
I think using Bitcoin for actual purchases is probably fine, as long as you don't hold much for very long.  I think hoarding Bitcoins or speculation or whatnot is essentially a Ponzi-scheme.  Lots of money to be made as long as you manage to pull out before the confidence is lost.