@_author: plki76
@_date: 2014-04-11 21:26:24
I am very technically inclined (been working as a software engineer at a tier-1 company for 15 years), I understand bitcoin, I don't own any, and I have no current desire to.
I've missed several get-rich boats in my life (I turned down an offer to work at Coinfinity back in 2000 because the .com bubble was killing startups. Whoops!), but I've landed in a pretty comfortable spot so the idea of taking on lots of risk for lots of reward doesn't appeal to me.
Others will take on that risk, and they may see great rewards, and that is fantastic. I have nothing but admiration for those who have the fortitude to stick it out.
When and if bitcoin becomes a currency instead of an investment vehicle I will absolutely leverage it, and be no worse off than any other person who uses bitcoin as a currency.
Right now, for me, credit cards are far easier than bitcoin. Cash is even easier. I have little to no legitimate concerns that the US economy is going to falter to the point where I will have been better off having my money in bitcoin. I have very little concerns about people tracking my payments and profiling me. It simply doesn't bother me.  
There are several concerns I have about bitcoin. Scalability is a big one that gets violently hand-waved. Usability and end-customer infrastructure is another huge hand-wave. Mining incentives after the 21 million (and, to a lesser extent, for the last few "really hard" million)  are yet another oft-glossed point.
Potential regulation (China, etc.), lack of safety net for poorly informed investors or currency holders, and - not to be inflammatory but honestly - the elitist attitude that some people seem to have around digital currency are further barriers.
So, I guess I'm not explicitly against Bitcoin, but I do recommend that my friends and family stay away for now. There will be plenty of opportunity for them to get bitcoins when they are easily and universally fungible with fiat.
Downvotes to the left.
@_date: 2014-02-12 18:04:44
Saying that "this is a problem that everyone deals with" is an accurate non-statement. 
Yes, everyone deals with this, but most people deal with it efficiently. When is the last time you went online to withdraw money from a bank and had the website be unresponsive? I do a ton of online banking and I can't think of a single time, other than routine (pre-announced and scheduled) maintenance.
It *is* a problem. Stating that others have this problem as well is unhelpful and irrelevant since it does not affect their customers.
@_date: 2014-04-11 22:24:02
It's entirely possible, and if it takes off then the risk you have undertaken during this time will reap you rewards, and I fully support that. Giving incentives to early adopters and to those who take risk is a good way to help make innovation happen.
But until it becomes a stable currency and also becomes significantly easier to use (both from a fungibility and a usability standpoint) it's not something I would advocate to friends and family. 
@_date: 2014-02-11 00:57:28
Important question: which edition?
@_date: 2014-02-11 00:45:24
From the link: Microsoft says the digital currency option is initially available to people in Australia, Canada, India, the UK, and the US, but will be rolling out to additional markets “in the coming weeks.”
@_date: 2014-02-12 21:29:58
I couldn't find great data on bank uptime, and this data is old (2006) but the article linked below has some stats. 
The lowest uptime was 96%, which I will grant is pretty terrible but certainly higher than 0%.
  
Aside from that, I never said that this problem was specific to bitcoin. In fact, I said " 'this is a problem that everyone deals with' is an accurate non-statement." 
I further said "Everyone deals with this", which you even quoted, so I'm at a complete and total loss as to how you could possibly draw the conclusion that I am "set in [my] thinking that this is a problem specific to Bitboin".  
Finally, the fact that Bitcoin is an emerging technology does not excuse it from needing to adhere to high quality standards. If you want to manufacture shoes and compete with Nike you cannot release shows that fall apart and then say "Well, sure, but Nike has been doing this for a while so you can't expect ours to be any good."
@_date: 2015-02-08 06:31:22
But it's also a value prop statement. Your weird uncle doesn't understand bitcoin because bitcoin does not currently solve a problem your weird uncle has in a way that substantially improves his life.
Your weird uncle doesn't understand virus scanning, but he does understand email. Email is not significantly more difficult that a virus scanner, but email has a huge value prop - free instant communication across the planet, whereas the value prop of a virus scanner is that it might possibly be stopping malicious software.