@_author: plo-got-ranaana
@_date: 2018-10-25 20:19:36
@_date: 2018-10-25 20:24:48
Unless you are saying his Uncle is a racist Black guy your argument doesnt work. Because most people on Welfare are white so if his Uncle hates people on welfare and is racist he needs to be black unless you are saying white racists can be racist against other whites?
@_date: 2018-10-25 20:15:42
You talk as if Inflation is a bad thing. Inflation is what prevents us from becoming a feudal society. People who work for a living , salaries increase with inflation. But Feudal Lords/Capitalist who invest for a living inflation reduces the value of their saved wealth.
As society progresses and efficiency increases prices of things would fall. We would have deflation. This would mean salaries would reduce and your loans will be much harder to pay off. Really good for fatcats with lot of capital but not so good for the rest of us.
Also as an economy produces more wealth each year you need to have more dollars to represent the wealth else the value of each dollar will keep going up and you will end up with deflation
Hence as long as an economy is growing the govt needs to print dollars so that the value of a dollar stays the same (dont believe the bull about the dollar losing value. Those numbers are created by comparing the same basket of goods whereas as technology progresses the basket of goods people consume changes . The dollar has pretty much been constant for the average changing basket of goods)
So the govt needs to print dollars. It can either give these new dollars to the fatcats (pay down the debt) or use it for the good of society and roll forward the debt (which is reducing all the time as compared to GDP due to GDP growth).
At the end of the day the debt is only an issue for multi billionaires. For the rest of us being able to print USD allows a much higher standard of living than otherwise.
If you want to compare with a household budget, paying down the debt is like selling your childrens books to pay off the neighborhood mafia instead of using it for your childrens education hence increasing the family's income in the long run.
@_date: 2018-10-25 20:22:49
For economy to grow inflation is necessary otherwise everything just comes to an halt as everyone says I will buy it tomorrow as it will be cheaper tomorrow. To create inflation someone has to be the borrower of last resort which is the role the govt pays by running a deficit. Households because they are small can get away with balnaced budgets or savings but any govt which tries to run a surplus will soon find itself in trouble (Witness the oil economies or Norway or for that matter China. China keeps building bridges to nowhere and ghost cities as they need to get rid of the money before deflation kills their economy)