@_author: ploutos_btc
@_date: 2015-12-15 06:49:00
Coinbase is like the holocaust "Never Again"
@_date: 2014-10-11 23:41:24
When the banksters ROB the poor, it's called business. When the poor fight back, it's called violence. The banksters are about to unleash a coordinated anti-bitcoin propaganda war. Bitcoin bows down before NO man! μολών λαβέ Jamie Dimon! 
@_date: 2014-11-18 18:59:35
Who invited Barney the Dinosaur to the debate? 
@_date: 2014-10-09 21:28:34
Thanks for allowing us to witness history in the making!
@_date: 2014-12-29 19:35:50
The fastest way to obtain BTC and send it to your wallet imo is to have your buyer go on LocalBitcoins.com find a seller in Greece. They would tap an ATM for euros and swap the euros for BTC. Then he can send them to you. The tough part is educating your buyer on how to set up a wallet and send the BTC to your wallet.
@_date: 2014-10-15 03:24:35
Police confiscating Americans’ hard earned cash, as well as a wide variety of other valuables, without an arrest or conviction is a disturbing and growing practice throughout the United States. Since cops get to keep the seized funds and use the money on pretty much anything they want, the practice is becoming endemic in certain parts of the nation. The theft is often referred to simply as civil forfeiture, or civil asset forfeiture. Incredibly, under civil forfeiture laws your property is incredibly “guilty until you prove it innocent.” - ZH
The list of reasons why Bitcoin is a better store of value keeps growing.
@_date: 2014-11-18 20:40:52
But you can separate fiat from the current and future global financial system.
@_date: 2014-12-19 19:51:54
"Human life in common is only made possible when a majority comes together which is stronger than any separate individual and which remains united against all separate individuals. The power of this community is then set up as "right" in opposition to the power of the individual, which is condemned as "brute force." - S. Freud
Bitcoin is slowly bringing the majority together. Individuals actions such as Alexander Lukashenko will only strengthen and accelerate the majority's unity. Things will get worse before they get better as the elitist individuals who currently hold power are best defined as gluttonous sociopaths on a sinking ship.
@_date: 2014-12-21 22:00:04
To reply to your first comment. “If a business is serving American customers who reside in states where regulations are applicable they are going to have to prove they are enforcing those regulations. The arms of America reach further than the US borders, pal.”
First off $21 trillion is estimated to being hidden in offshore tax havens. If you're one of the 1% of Americans who control over 40% of the country's wealth, life is full of choices. Among them - how best to keep all that money away from the government? The U.S. economic system offers no shortage of loopholes allowing the ultra-rich to shortchange Uncle Sam. Bitcoin may now help the 99% do the same thing cheaper, easier and more importantly anonymously (if executed properly). Your argument is invalid.
To the second comment: “...You know the US Dollar has basically never been stronger right?”
The history of fiat money, to put it kindly, has been one of failure. In fact, EVERY fiat currency since the Romans first began the practice in the first century has ended in devaluation and eventual collapse, of not only the currency, but of the economy that housed the fiat currency as well.
Why would it be different here in the U.S.? Well, in actuality, it hasn’t been. In fact, in our short history, we’ve already had several failed attempts at using paper currency, and it is my opinion that today’s dollars are no different than the continentals issued during the Revolutionary War. In the meantime, I will show you that fiat currencies have not been successful, and the only aspect of fiat currencies that have stood the test of time is the inability of political systems to prevent the devaluation and debasement of this toilet paper money by letting the printing presses run wild.
Here in the U.S., I should say the lessons were not learned. There are many consistencies that led up to the eventual collapse of the currencies.
The scary thing is that the U.S. has same characteristics, the ones that lead to toilet paper money becoming just that. More on that in just a second. I would first like to give a brief look at the U.S. attempts with paper money in our short history.
The first attempt with paper money came in 1690 with the issuance of Colonial notes. The first Colonial notes were issued in Massachusetts and were redeemable for gold, silver, corn, cattle and other commodities.
The other Colonies quickly jumped on the toilet paper money bandwagon and began issuing their own paper currencies. Like a broken record, the money quickly became overissued. The lessons of John Law and others were definitely not learned. It is not good enough just to say that a currency is backed by commodities. It actually HAS to be backed by commodities. Essentially, it was still a fiat money, and in a short period of time, Colonials became as good as toilet paper.
The next experiment came during the Revolutionary War. Big surprise — the issuance of paper money was used to finance the war efforts. This time, the currency was called a continental.
The crash of the continental was spectacular, and the phrase “not worth a continental” was coined. This brought on a large distrust for paper currency, and until 1913, toilet paper money in the U.S. wasn’t used. Enter the infamous Federal Reserve and its monopoly on money and interest rates. Now we have the greenback.
Although the money was “officially” backed by a gold standard until 1971, it wasn’t a true gold standard. When the government found it inconvenient to have a gold standard, it just made it illegal for U.S. citizens to hold gold or exchange dollars for gold.
“Under the infallible leadership of President Franklin Roosevelt, it was made illegal to own gold. On March 11, 1933, he issued an order forbidding banks to make gold payments. On April 5, Roosevelt ordered all citizens to surrender their gold — no person could hold more than $100 in gold coins, except for collector’s coins. He also made it unlawful to export gold for payment abroad, unless done through the Treasury. The penalty for defying Roosevelt was 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.”
But the official demise of the dollar was locked into place in 1971 when “Tricky Dick” Nixon completely severed all ties between the dollar and the gold standard. During the decade that followed, the U.S. experienced some of the worst inflation in its history, only matched by today’s U.S. monetary and fiscal irresponsibility.
The U.S. of A. has all the characteristics set in place that have led to the collapse of every other fiat currency money in history.
We are currently at war, and the financing of this war is extremely inflationary. In fact, if you look back at our history, since 1914, the U.S has engaged in 16 military conflicts. We have been involved in some form of violent international accord in 44 of the past 93 years. The overwhelming majority of military conflicts result in monetary inflation.
The U.S. has a debt similar to that of Weimar Germany. All though the reasons for the debt are completely different, it appears that this Mount Everest of IOUs is going to be impossible to pay back. I guess the U.S. could just print 10 trillion dollar bills and hand them out, but the implications of such actions are obvious. We are currently increasing the supply of dollars at a rate of 13% per annum. This overissuance of a currency has been the leading indicator of a currency on the brink.
So what’s in the future for the dollar?
Some, myself included, might say that the dollar has already failed. It has lost over 92% of its value since its initial issuance in 1913. After the revaluation in 1934, the dollar dropped another 41%. In my opinion, it already is toilet paper money, but for the above-mentioned characteristics, which are alarmingly similar to the circumstances that led up to the eventual collapse of the dollar’s toilet paper predecessors, I believe that we have seen only the tip of the iceberg of the dollar’s inevitable path toward becoming toilet paper money.
Good luck with your USD in the future DUDE! 
@_date: 2014-12-22 01:57:01
There is much more USD transacted in the drug trade than any other currency, about $350 billion a year. As long as there is a demand there will always be a supply.
@_date: 2014-12-21 22:34:16
Shillslayer, you will be nominated in the future bitcoin naysayers list :-) The real grade A crazy.
History is filled with great technological achievements and their inventors – brave men and women who believed in themselves so much they were willing to put their entire professional careers on the line. Henry Ford, inventor of the automobile and Alexander Graham Bell, inventor of the telephone, are two such historic individuals. However, history is written in retrospect. Sure, it’s obvious now that the invention of the personal computer, for instance, was a huge leap forward. It made some people extremely wealthy. But just thirty-seven years ago, this is what they said:
“There is no reason anyone would want a computer in their home.”
Ken Olson, president, chairman and founder of Digital Equipment Corp. 1977
While success rules history, unfortunately it is often naysayers that dominate the present. Don’t let them dominate your life. If, for instance, Bill Gates had listened to what Mr. Olson had to say, the personal computer revolution would never have happened. Or, more likely, someone else would have gotten his fame, his wealth and his business. Check out what some unfortunate executive who probably lost his job said about the copying machine:
“The world potential market for copying machines is 5000 at most.”
IBM, to the eventual founders of Xerox, saying the photocopier had no market large enough to justify production, 1959.
Riches only ever belong to those who dream and do big things. Naysayers are never remembered except as fools. Do you want to be remembered as someone who only listened to fools, or do you want to take a chance on your visionary ideas? 
Naysayers often come across as experts in their field. Yet, they only ever speak out because your radical dreams represent a threat to their established ideas and economy. Charlie Chaplin, a former stage actor, spoke out against cinema. Mr. Zanuck, the movie producer, said what he did because television would cut into his profit margins. People wouldn’t go out to see movies if they could watch moving pictures in their homes. Always follow the money – chances are that a person isn’t speaking so much from expertise as they are from fear that your passion will turn their world upside down. Your dreams have great power. Naysayers know this; that’s why they speak out against you, and that’s why you should never, ever listen when they try to put you down.
Again, good luck with your future nomination and your USD. 
@_date: 2014-09-27 18:43:02
To a historian yes. Does history matter to most people?
@_date: 2014-09-20 03:49:04
Just enough for small daily transactions
@_date: 2014-09-20 04:21:20
The vast bulk of my BTC is stored offline. I do however use blockchain.info to move large amounts of BTC.
@_date: 2014-12-22 19:52:26
The naysayers are almost always on the wrong side of history. It will be entertaining to revisit the bitcoin archives in a decade from now.
@_date: 2014-12-21 21:00:16
Technically, converting Fiat to Bitcoin (on-ramp) and converting Bitcoin to Fiat (off-ramp) is basically the only way regulators can attempt to regulate Bitcoin. This is an Exchange function and the government will try to “protect consumers” through these ramps against scams and fraud. So, the problem is almost entirely a regulatory problem.
However it is hard to argue that one should prohibit the purchase of any commodity. The American tax authority, IRS, has declared that Bitcoin should be treated like a commodity. You can buy gold or silver or wheat, so you can buy Bitcoin.
Which leads us to the off-ramp, converting Bitcoin to Fiat. There may be legitimate reasons for regulators to control the off-ramp. The incumbent financial system will argue to government regulators that this is far too easy for money launderers and other bad actors to abuse. Libertarians will be against this, but entrepreneurs and investors are wise to treat it as a fact of life (until the USD is a less desirable currency to hold). Betting against regulatory control of the off-ramp is a huge speculative risk. Regulators tend to be happy with a digital currency that only works within the borders of the nation state that they control. 
So, regulators will be comfortable with the idea that you can buy Bitcoins in USD for example and then convert those Bitcoins back to USD. This will be a way for traders/investors to buy Bitcoins in the hope that the price will go up and then sell them for a profit – just like any other commodity.
Regulators are more keen to monitor cross border transactions. That is hard for regulators because digital bits don’t stop at borders and present their passport. That is why regulators seek to control the off ramp.
This hypothetical fully regulated global money transfer business would have to go through all the usual KYC checks that regulators have put in place to prevent money laundering and other illegal activity. In that case it cannot offer free exchange and existing money transfer businesses will be able to do exactly the same thing. Consumers who want to change currency only care about a) price and b) speed/convenience. If adding Bitcoins as an intermediate step makes it cheaper and quicker to change currency then this will happen. However, given a regulator/KYC level playing field, it is unclear how adding Bitcoin as an intermediate step makes the transaction cheaper/easier. 
As we know the government is always slow and cannot every keep pace with innovation in this space. The on and off ramps will evolve (example: localbitcoins.com) and users will not use US based exchanges and hosted wallets. In the long run Bitcoin will not be regulated like fiat is today. The US dollar decline as the world reserve currency (as we are witnessing now) will only accelerate Bitcoin adoption and thus incentivize the users of the network to innovate beyond our current understanding to create decentralized autonomous exchanges and corporations. Then regulation will be completely dead.
@_date: 2014-09-20 03:46:14
I booked and paid for a reservation on Expedia via Coinbase and the transaction was verified instantly. Expedia has partnered with Coinbase as its bitcoin payment processor. I must say it was the fastest transaction verification I have ever experienced which left me smiling.
@_date: 2014-09-20 03:29:22
The duty of government is to keep us free and to keep our freedoms safe. If it fails to protect freedom, it should be replaced.
@_date: 2014-12-07 17:13:38
You can just create a bitcoin button on your POS payments screen and use a tablet with either the BitPay or Coinbase app to transact the bitcoin. It's much cheaper than replacing your whole POS software until bitcoin gains mass adoption.
@_date: 2014-09-20 03:18:15
The American public needs a painful realization that the Constitution is only as valuable a restraint on the government as is the fidelity to uphold it of those in whose hands we have reposed it for safekeeping.  Guess what?, it is not in good hands.  Look what the government has done with the conspiracy to violate the Constitutionally protected rights to privacy of every American. They will just create and pass legislation to deceptively fog the legal waters with ambiguous language which would strengthen the ability of the government to defecate on the Constitution. 
@_date: 2014-09-20 19:44:20
The articles and amendments of the Constitution can be automatically reinstated with Blockchain technology to it's original form as written by our forefathers.  Only the people of the United States of America can return our Nation back to its founding principles set forth in the Constitution.  We, the people, have been losing our rights guaranteed to us by the Constitution. The ONLY trust-less technology in existence to guarantee that every US citizen receives the equal and just fundamental principles or established precedents according to which the US Constitution is the blockchain based on the Bitcoin protocol.
While Bitcoin is generally seen as a system with limited application outside the commercial world, its promise is in reality far greater. The Bitcoin blockchain creates a universally authoritative record of transactions. In doing so it disrupts not only the financial system, but much of the role of government itself in supervising and administering what individuals choose to do in their daily lives. Transactions which were originally unthinkable are now possible, as people no longer need to trust third parties to administer the rules of their open systems.
As such, Bitcoin could be the enabling force not only of a revolution in how we transact in business, but in how we constitute the very fabric of our civil societies. The only barrier to realizing this enormous change is our own imagination.
@_date: 2014-12-06 23:33:55
There is no democracy or capitalism in the US. 
Electronic voting results of any electronic vote are, due to their nature, unverifiable and no technical solution can overcome this fact due to secrecy of votes (unless blockchain technology is introduced). In fact let's imagine to have a perfect electronic voting system with all the security, auditing, accountability, meaningful public standards and public evaluations we like. Even in such a very optimistic case in the end all the votes would be stored in anonymous records and this unverifiable data, processed by unverifiable electronic procedures, would decide the (unverifiable) winner of the election. To accept electronic electoral result ordinary people need to have an absolute faith in the accuracy, honesty and security of the whole electoral apparatus (people, software, hardware and networks). This is not possible today.
Capitalism in the US is dead. Can't have capitalism without competition. The markets are rigged and manipulation is rampant. The US economy is a cleptocrats wet dream. Capitalism cannot grow the way it has grown over the last 70 years. It is at a new stage of low to no growth, stagnation and long-term downward crisis. There have been 10 previous economic crises in the last 70 years. In each recession there have been mass layoffs and mass unemployment, but after each crisis, capitalism revived, workers were rehired, and employment eventually reached levels higher than before the crisis began.
Capitalist overproduction always caused these recessions. Production under capitalism expands very rapidly so long as there are markets. This is because of the laws of capitalist competition. The capitalists are in a permanent race to out-produce each other, to outsell each other and to capture the markets from each other as each wants to gain the most profit. This competition drives the system.
The latest collapse lasted from the end of 2007 to June of 2009. The so-called “recovery” has lasted four years now. But this is clearly a recovery for the bosses and the bankers. Profits and executive pay have gone steadily up. There has been a slight rise in production. But there are still close to 40 million workers who are unemployed, underemployed, forced to work part time, or who have dropped out of the work force altogether. This is four years after the capitalists announced the so-called recovery.
To conclude, the economic system is not going to recover. There is only greater crisis in the future. The automatic processes of capitalist recovery and the traditional methods of forcing it back to life have all failed.
Bitcoin and blockchain technology can bring back the days of real democracy and fair capitalism. The biggest obstacle to this realization is the 500lbs cleptrocratic gorilla overshadowing the 99% 
@_date: 2014-11-26 06:41:01
I also trade on LocalBitcoins and have observed many first time trading partners the last two months and higher volumes. The seller competition has also increased over the same period which has lead to lower markups and super fast escrow release times. It's the quickest and most convenient way to sell or acquire bitcoin for the unbanked, underbanked and cash only traders. Until bitcoin ATMs become as common as traditional fiat ATMs, LocalBitcoins will continue to increase trade volume. LB unlike ATMs, is not handicapped by state/federal regulators. Buy and sell as much as you can daily. Traders establish their own limits, 100% market driven.
@_date: 2014-12-17 15:27:16
Bitcoin price is basically following what gold did prior to the 2008 financial crisis. Gold fell to 12 month lows the end of 2007 into 2008 and right after the crisis it more than doubled over the next two years. 
Not to mention that the oil price went from record highs of over $140 a barrel to below $50 right before the 2008 financial crisis. 
2015 is going to be a bull run for Bitcoin the time to buy is now till the next big meltdown which is right around the corner. 
@_date: 2014-12-02 22:49:06
Bitcoin will end the history of division and conflict through reconciliation and fairness.
@_date: 2015-01-14 16:28:45
The speculator shakedown in effect. Day trader mass sell off will finally enable the 99% to acquire more coin. The 1% should go back to Wall Street to get slaughtered in 2015. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 05:40:38
Netagio 
@_date: 2015-01-28 01:25:54
If It Bleeds, It Leads
News is a money making industry. One that doesn't always make the goal to report the facts accurately. Fear-based news stories prey on the anxieties we all have and then hold us hostage. Being glued to the television, reading the paper or surfing the Internet increases ratings and market share.
In previous decades, the journalistic mission was to report the news as it actually happened, with fairness, balance, and integrity. However, capitalistic motives associated with journalism have forced much of today's news agency's to look to the spectacular, the stirring, and the controversial as news stories. It's no longer a race to break the story first or get the facts right. Instead, it's to acquire good ratings in order to get advertisers, so that profits soar.
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:25:53
Oh yeah sure most people are traders. They have active trading accounts on Bitstamp, Bitfinex, Kraken trading BTC daily. Just like most people (99%) actively trade stocks daily on E-trade and TD Ameritrade. Source: your ass
@_date: 2015-01-14 16:46:35
Maybe in this thread we have a majority of users classified as speculators but the vast majority of people who own coin are closer defined as long term investors.
@_date: 2015-01-23 06:37:26
Someone's paying attention here..boom!
@_date: 2014-12-22 03:17:59
^"It is difficult to free fools from the chains they revere" 
@_date: 2015-04-15 20:42:15
Do people still listen to Peter Todd??
@_date: 2015-02-21 15:24:37
I think this guy was buying bitcoins in the US
@_date: 2015-02-06 20:55:07
The easiest, safest and fastest way to buy bitcoin in the US is via LocalBitcoins.com cash despoit method. There are sellers who offer instant buys via the LocalBitcoins escrow service. The release of your bitcoin's from these "instant release" sellers can be as fast as 1 minute after you have deposited the cash in the sellers bank account. Just be sure to read each sellers instructions thoroughly and choose sellers with good feedback scores. 
I use it on the regular and always get my BTC promptly without waiting or buying limits. There are plenty of sellers available to choose from with competitive prices. 