@_author: plumber101010
@_date: 2018-01-22 04:31:44
It's just sickening to me. To pick part of a statement to purposefully take something totally out of context is an unforgivable media sin and it's statements like that, that keep values low.
@_date: 2018-01-22 13:31:02
Well the point isn't Trump, it could be Ronald McDonald for all that matters. Actually the two are the same at times..
But point is they can't stop saying bad things about subjects "they" have determined they don't like.
@_date: 2018-01-22 13:35:55
 Brad Tuttle
@_date: 2018-02-14 08:22:52
What is it with the ridiculous culture of people here on Reddit that think past posting is indicative of anything at all??  Youre like the hundredth person I have seen attack others because of their other posts, or how long they had been a member or any of that crap!!!  One reply on different subject matter has nothing to do with the reply on THIS subject matter. WEIRD. Just plain WEIRD that somebody would look at a persons OTHER posts. Anywho WEIRDO, as I already posted it doesn’t matter anyway. It has nothing to do with your bank anymore ONCE AGAIN. Coin base has downright stopped taking credit cards of any kind from anybody.  This whole subject is dead. ITS OVER.  Days of credit card use have been officially extinguished! Coinbase Will not even accept any credit cards because they say they are no longer taking them.  So it does not matter what your bank does
@_date: 2018-02-15 00:21:18
SMH!!!!  I give up with you.  My dad used to tell me that a person with a little bit of knowledge is the most dangerous thing!!!  Stop reading dude, just try to ADD an actual credit card and link it like I did and that’s where the notice says “ we are no longer accepting credit cards for payment only debit”  you’re just reading the old stuff that they published for years saying they accept a credit card... So that’s means your a LIAR also because you did not make a purchase for five dollars with a credit card it was probably a debit card!
@_date: 2018-02-15 00:27:19
You know what? I’m being kind of a jerk to you and you really don’t deserve it because you have been pretty polite  considering the amount of trash talk I have been talking to you!  I apologize it’s been a rough week and I do nothing but read one falsehood after another but you have maintained a pretty pleasant attitude considering my horrible attitude and so I am simply apologizing.  Not that what I am saying is wrong, I am correct. But the manner in which I am saying it to you totally unacceptable!
@_date: 2018-02-14 07:14:44
Whatever!!!!  You’re wrong!!!  I guess coinbase told them to stop taking credit cards and to BAN their own purchases also huh????  Stop being one of the sheep and actually be a leader and research this before you post ignorant material
@_date: 2018-02-14 06:16:28
????? You’re an idiot!!!!  Yes, THEY, THE BANKS, have decided to CHANGE those purchases by changing the Coinbase code into a CASH ADVANCE code. As Coinbase said!!! You just said it exactly right, yet, interpreting it assbackwards!!! God I hate ignorant people.  It doesn’t matter anyway it’s all over with because Coinbase is no longer accepting  credit cards AT ALL PERIOD.  Sorry to get upset but I can’t stand it when people like you come on here and post things not having a DAMN CLUE what they are posting and worse acting like they are some kind of an expert!!!! And all you do is nothing but spread fear and rumors based on SHIT!!!  Read, learn, Google,  and then come back with your tail between your legs! Fucking Coinbase is not going to change the fucking code why the fuck would they do that? There is no advantage to them they are just going to lose millions of dollars in FEES!!!!  Use your head
@_date: 2018-02-03 10:42:16
This has absolutely nothing to do with Coinbase!!!  Many credit card companies are NOW deciding to charge a cash advance fee on their own, Coinbase has nothing to do with it!!!  Before you post something like this you should know what you're talking about!!!  Coin base hasn't "changed" the coding. Your cc company has NOW decided to charge a cash advance fee based on the coding that was always supplied.  Nothing more irritating than somebody spreading false information!!!
@_date: 2018-02-14 06:27:24
 Why use Gemini when you can use Coinbase and do an ACH???
@_date: 2018-02-14 06:25:02
????? You’re an idiot!!!! Yes, THEY, THE BANKS, have decided to CHANGE those purchases by changing the Coinbase code into a CASH ADVANCE code. As Coinbase said!!! You just said it exactly right, yet, interpreting it assbackwards!!! God I hate ignorant people. It doesn’t matter anyway it’s all over with because Coinbase is no longer accepting credit cards AT ALL PERIOD. Sorry to get upset but I can’t stand it when people like you come on here and post things not having a DAMN CLUE what they are posting and worse acting like they are some kind of an expert!!!! And all you do is nothing but spread fear and rumors based on SHIT!!! Read, learn, Google, and then come back with your tail between your legs! Fucking Coinbase is not going to change the fucking code why the fuck would they do that? There is no advantage to them they are just going to lose millions of dollars.
@_date: 2018-02-14 06:23:23
DUMB JUST DUMB. Coinbase has NOTHING TO DO WITH IT!!!!! 
@_date: 2018-02-14 16:33:22
My goodness, continuing in displaying your ignorance for all to see is just ridiculously sad. You are so stupid I am sad to say. Yes the banks banned THEIR OWN credit cards, but in ADDITION, Coinbase is now no longer accepting ANY credit cards of ANY kind, banned or not. That was the decision of Coinbase and not the banks moron.  You really think you know something don’t you? Shaking my head at why some people like you continue to walk down the WRONG path in life...