@_author: pluribusblanks
@_date: 2016-08-27 12:15:20
The idea appears to be that it is much quieter than an S9, so it is more agreeable to have in your living space.  Also it has a lower price point than an S9, so if you want to mine as a hobby you don't have to pay the S9 price, but you still get something with comparable efficiency.  
This is a good thing.  I hope Bitfury also comes through with their promised home friendly mining unit with modern power/efficiency.
@_date: 2016-08-27 13:47:00
False dichotomy.  Bitcoin is the only example of a blockchain actually being used for anything in real life.  So far, all other 'blockchain' applications are either straight up copies of Bitcoin, or are 99% hype and hand waving. 


False.  Closed network blockchains can be altered by the entity that does the closing.  They simply deny access to any nodes who disagree with the alteration.  Then they roll back to a point before the point they want to alter.  Since all other nodes need permission from the closing entity to participate, they are powerless to prevent this alteration. Any closed network presumes that the closing entity has authority over the other 'peers'.  If they have the authority to close the network, they have the authority to alter the ledger.
Closed blockchains are not immutable.  Only open, peer to peer, permission-less blockchains secured by decentralized proof of work are immutable.
@_date: 2016-08-29 23:52:33
Bitcoin doesn't care what anyone talks about or where they talk about it. If the majority wants Bitcoin Classic, then prove it by running nodes and mining.  The run time consensus is the only thing that matters.  Everything else is irrelevant.  
@_date: 2016-08-30 22:34:17
Sounds like you have a very boring life. No wonder you spend so much of it trolling.  I didn't say businesses, I said people.  I didn't say they have no name, I said I don't know their name, because their name is irrelevant and has nothing to do with the transaction. But I'm sure you do background checks on every cashier and CEO of every business you visit before buying a quart of milk. Enjoy that. 
@_date: 2016-08-02 00:20:33
No, anyone can talk about anything 'behind closed doors'.  That is proof of nothing.  
All Bitcoin users have the freedom to mine and run nodes, and as long as we do those things, other miners and developers cannot stop us or force us to do what they want. 
@_date: 2016-08-29 22:45:18
There is nothing oversimplified or dishonest about what I wrote.  Bitcoin is not obligated to make itself easy to compete with.  If nobody "gives a shit" about your fork, maybe there is a good reason.  You can't imply that a minority pushing an agenda is bad, and then at the same time try to push your minority agenda and claim the majority is bad for not following you.  The Bitcoin network is at consensus.  If you don't like the consensus, fine. The Bitcoin network does not care.  
@_date: 2016-08-17 00:57:24
Get your suppliers to open an account at a Bitcoin exchange in their country.  If they are in Hong Kong, they may be able to open accounts at one of the Bitcoin exchanges in China:  BTCC, Okcoin, Huobi, etc.  Once they have that set up, you can send BTC to their wallet and they can exchange it to fiat as needed.
Bitcoin is easy to send and receive anywhere in the world by any person or business who has internet access.  Exchanging to national currencies in bank accounts is the difficult part, since that can only be done with the help of a bank.
@_date: 2016-08-03 22:14:36
This is completely normal hashrate fluctuation.  
@_date: 2016-08-28 22:28:47
'Anonymity' is a side effect of how money works.  Money has always functioned regardless of identity.  In fact it must do so to be fungible.  Bitcoin works the same way as other money.  Individuals have been transacting with each other regardless of identity using cash and precious metals for thousands of years, yet society has not collapsed.  Tax evaders can already use cash or other physical means of payment.
The idea that innocent citizens' transactions must be logged and monitored by some authority as if we were all guilty until proven innocent is a historically new and very disturbing idea.  The question you should be asking is how would society function when a government is spying on everyone all the time?
@_date: 2016-08-27 12:36:34
GPB is down 11% YTD against the dollar and 13% against the Euro. So your real rate of return in a UK bank account is negative even before inflation.
@_date: 2016-08-26 22:42:16
It means you can use your own instead 
@_date: 2016-08-26 23:03:35
It is not possible for Safaricom or any other company to ensure that Bitcoin does not take off.  
Bitcoin allows any person to send or receive money over the internet to any country without any company.  Safaricom can never offer that service and bullying money transfer startups cannot change that.
The internet and cash work in Kenya.  Therefore anyone in Kenya can mine bitcoins, accept bitcoins in payment for good or services, or trade cash in person for bitcoins.  Banks and Mpesa are not required for Bitcoin to flourish.  Only the will to transact is required.
@_date: 2016-08-03 11:37:09
Working fine for me.  Sounds like your device might have had an internet connectivity issue.
@_date: 2016-08-29 17:43:55
FUD.  Bitcoin code, operation and development is open source.  Anyone can read the code, submit a patch, run a node, and mine.  There is no company that can stop you.  
If you don't like code that anyone writes, don't run it on your node.  There is no company that can force you to.  
If you want to run code that allows a bigger block size, go ahead.  There is no company that can stop you.
Of course the flip side of that is that you cannot force anyone else to run the code you want either. 
@_date: 2016-08-29 17:22:29
I would transact with anyone who has independently verifiable money.  A person's name or personal history is irrelevant if his cash in hand is good.  The bartender doesn't need to know my name, he just needs cash in exchange for beer.  Lending is debt, that's totally different.  Whether someone lends or not depends entirely on the whims of the lender.  Bitcoin and cash are not debt, they are payment in hand.  Payment methods that rely on identity do not guarantee promises of future payment.  See: mountains of credit card fraud and foreclosed mortgages.
@_date: 2016-08-29 12:12:02
Any coin banks create will have no limit on issuance, just like digital dollars now.  Unlike Bitcoin which requires mathematically neutral Proof of Work for issuance, Bankcoin will be created 'out of nothing' by only the central third party who is in control of it.
Any coin banks create will be able to be frozen and seized at will by the bank(s), just like bank accounts now.  Unlike Bitcoin, bank coins will have a kill switch and will exclude many people (or banks) who live in the wrong country or have the wrong name.
There is no incentive for bank A to use the coin of bank B, or vice versa.  Each bank will want the others to use the coin that they control.  This will lead to many incompatible walled gardens.
Meanwhile, Bitcoin can be used by any person or bank in any country, and works equally well for every person or bank on the network without giving any unfair advantage to any of them.  Bankcoins that are created out of nothing with exclusionary policies and kill switches can never have these attributes.
@_date: 2016-08-30 17:24:31
What you are saying is demonstrably false.  I transact with people all of the time whose identity I do not know and could care less about.  I hand them cash, they hand me goods.  My name is irrelevant, their name is irrelevant.  Even if they don't hand me the goods at the exact moment I hand them the cash, it is not 'debt' by any reasonable definition.  
Even if it were debt, I can still choose to trust or not using Bitcoin or cash.  There is nothing inherent about 'anonymous' Bitcoin or cash that prevents transactors from trusting each other enough to transact.  People do it all the time.  You may *believe* that knowing identity makes you more likely to get payment, but as I've already pointed out, there is no guarantee of future payment even if you know the identity of the person you are transacting with.  
There is likewise no reason to believe that a person paying you with money that is not tied to identity will necessarily scam you.  I've purchased precious metals, event tickets, and electronics on-line using Bitcoin on and off for the last five years and I have never been scammed.  Any 'trust' required to transact can be arrived at without using a payment method tied to identity that requires permission and surveillance.  Transactors using cash or Bitcoin can choose to reveal information about themselves if they wish.  There is no reason for the payment method itself to require identity.  That's not the way money works.  Cash does not have your name on it, and Bitcoin does not need to either.
In fact, from the perspective of the receiver of money, cash and Bitcoin are much more trustworthy than a credit card payment tied to identity.  The credit card payment is not really money, it is a promise that a bank will pay you later.  Quite often, this promise is broken, and the payment is reversed.  With Bitcoin or cash, no one can reverse the payment, so the need to trust the person paying you is completely removed.
@_date: 2016-04-27 17:13:20
If you like Bitcoin and want to mine to support network decentralization, buy an Antminer S7 and mine yourself.  You are not likely to profit after electricity costs unless the price of Bitcoin increases significantly, but you will be contributing to network decentralization which is a good thing.
Edit:  To get an idea about how much Bitcoin you would get mining, check out the calculator at bitcoinwisdom.com
Cloudmining does not help network decentralization because someone else is controlling your miner.  It is also not likely to be profitable for you, even if it's not a scam.
@_date: 2016-04-20 21:41:10
Mine with hardware you physically control yourself, and encourage everyone else to do the same.  These type of attacks can only work if there are only a few large miners.  The attack does not work if tens of thousands of decentralized individuals are each mining on a small scale.
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:38:18
Because it may take a long time to find a block mining on your own, many miners choose to combine their hashpower in groups called pools.  If anyone in the pool finds a block, the block reward is split evenly between the miners who were mining in that pool at the time.  (A mining pools is ad hoc, it is not a permanent group.  An individual miner can move between pools at any time with the click of a button.  Pool miners do not necessarily know who the other pool miners are.)
You don't 'know' what the difficulty will do in the future.  However since you can estimate the time it took to find the last 2016 blocks, you can guestimate what the next difficulty adjustment will be.  The closer you are to the 2016th block the more accurate you can guess.
Every individual miner can do whatever he wants for any reason.  The only way to mine bitcoins is to mine Bitcoin.  Stopping mining Bitcoin to mine something else only gets you something else.  A minority of miners apparently sometimes go back and forth, but the majority seem to stick with Bitcoin.  This makes sense because Bitcoin is the most reliable network with the most valued token traded in the most places for the highest prices.  If some miners leave, the Bitcoin difficulty simply adjusts downward like it has many times in the past.  This makes mining Bitcoin slightly more profitable for the miners who are still mining Bitcoin.  When this happens, miners who temporarily may have left to mine an imitator coin can just as easily switch right back to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-09 14:23:27
What makes Bitcoin special is that when it was created it solved an actual problem: how to transact over the internet without a central third party.  This was impossible before Bitcoin.  Bitcoin does this by using a public permissionless blockchain that anyone can participate in, and a proof of work mining mechanism that treats all participants in the network equally.  A blockchain network is more powerful the more participants there are in the network.  In this case participants mean users, miners, developers, businesses, exchanges, etc.  Bitcoin has more of these than any of the imitators.  The Bitcoin network has the longest history of reliable operation.  Bitcoin is the most resistant to change attempts made by vocal minorities.  
Altcoins are Bitcoin imitators.  They create smaller blockchains with much shorter histories of reliable operation.  They are 'like' Bitcoin in the way that your tiny computer network at home is 'like' the internet.  If you already have the internet, does it make sense to try to create your own internet to compete with 'the' internet?  What would be the purpose?  What does your tiny internet bring to the table?
"Better" is not as clear cut as you think.  In order to make Bitcoin insignificant, almost everyone would have to agree that the imaginary new technology is better.  It wouldn't happen if they just asserted it was better.  The market would have to put it's money where it's mouth is by selling their Bitcoin for the imaginary new thing.  But the new thing by definition could not have the reliable history of Bitcoin.  Reliability is the most important thing when it comes to money.  Assertions by the marketing department are not good enough.  Bitcoin is much more likely than any altcoin to still be in operation a year from now.
The interesting thing about Bitcoin is that it works today and people are actually using it for it's intended purpose.  The imitator networks have not been shown to be reliable (Ethereum, etc).  They have not been shown to be useful for anything in real life that either Bitcoin doesn't already do, or can be better done with a centralized database.  The fantastic promises the imitators make are cheap.  So far, there are no actual useful smart contracts, for example.  But Bitcoin is being used as money by people an businesses, today.
@_date: 2017-12-03 17:22:02
Actually a number of people have gone to jail for stealing bitcoin, including two federal agents.  Law enforcement prosecutes theft of any property, not just dollars.
@_date: 2017-12-09 21:43:05
There was already a community that had been trying to create something like Bitcoin since the '90s.  Satoshi released the Bitcoin whitepaper and open source code to the cryptography mailing list that many of those people read.  In the beginning no one knew if it would actually work and bitcoins were not trading for a dollar value.  The network grew organically as different people interested in the subject heard about it and started reading the code and running nodes.  From then on it spread through word of mouth, forums, etc. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:08:20
The point of the difficulty adjustment is to prevent blocks from being mined too quickly or too slowly.  The target time between blocks is 10 minutes.
If the last 2016 blocks were found on average faster than 10 minutes each, the difficulty adjusts upwards to make it more difficult to find blocks.  If the last 2016 blocks were found on average slower than 10 minutes per block, the difficulty adjusts downward to make it easier to find blocks.
This prevented/prevents all of the new bitcoins from being mined by the first few early miners.  This way, new coin issuance continues until the year 2140 no matter how many miners their are or how much hash power they deploy.  Anyone is free to mine and try to find bitcoin blocks if they want to.  
@_date: 2017-12-30 15:15:56
He mined them.  Even though Satoshi released the source code of Bitcoin publicly after the genesis block, for a time he was the only miner because it took a while for others to decide to take interest and start mining.
@_date: 2017-12-09 20:53:23
Real quantum computing doesn't exist yet and no one knows if it ever will exist.  Even if it eventually works, it would affect many things besides Bitcoin, including altcoins and banking encryption in use on the internet today.  There are 'quantum safe' algorithms that could be retrofitted into Bitcoin if it ever becomes necessary.  Any altcoin that claims to be quantum safe would still not have the track record of reliability and resistance to attack that Bitcoin has.
@_date: 2017-12-04 13:20:44


@_date: 2017-12-08 01:11:47
Coinbase is more of a retail experience.  If you want to trade often you could look at a trading oriented exchange like Bitstamp or Bitfinex.
@_date: 2017-12-03 17:32:57
Good article with the exception of the rip on Core Devs out of nowhere.
'Untrustworthiness'?  No one needs to trust anyone else because the code is open source, anyone can read it and see what it does.  Core Devs cannot force anyone to run the code they write, so no one can be forced to trust them.
The market has clearly and unambiguously signaled its confidence in Core vs the competition.  Look at the price of Bitcoin vs bcash and the cancelled s2x fork.  New Bitcoin all time highs do not indicate 'lasting damage'.  If anything it indicates the opposite.  Bitcoin has resisted change attempts that did not have consensus, showing once again that it is the most reliable blockchain network when compared to the imitators.  This is a feature not a bug.
@_date: 2017-12-03 21:59:27


What you are predicting was also predicted before the first two block reward halvings, but did not occur.  Critics failed to take into consideration the rising value of the bitcoins mined, which keeps mining profitable in dollar terms even though fewer bitcoins are contained in each block.  The price of a bitcoin tends to rise when the block reward halves because demand for bitcoins remains constant (or rises) whereas the supply of new bitcoins is constricted.
There is no relationship between the number of miners and the number of transactions.  
@_date: 2017-12-10 21:06:14
The value proposition of a blockchain based money network is reliability, without a central third party.
Compared to the imitators, Bitcoin is by far the most reliable.  It has by far the longest history of stable and secure operation.  It has by far the most participants in the network: skilled developers, users, nodes, miners, businesses, etc.
'Better' is subjective.  Everyone thinks they have an idea for a better Bitcoin, but you have to convince everyone that your idea is better.  When you try that you find that not everyone agrees that your idea is better.  Currently, based on investment, the market thinks Bitcoin is better than the imitators.  In my opinion this is not likely to change.
Specifically, imitators that claim to be 'faster' don't emphasize the trade-offs in decentralization that are necessary to get those 'instant confirmations', nor do they emphasize that a main reason they appear faster is because there are very few actual transactions using their network.  Bitcoin transactions take longer because there are far more Bitcoin transactions than imitator transactions.  The reason there are far more Bitcoin transactions is because Bitcoin is the most reliable blockchain network.
Current imitator networks that have anonymity features do not scale to many transactions.  Better scaling anonymity features can be retrofitted into Bitcoin when the tech is ready (MAST, Schorr signatures, mimblewimble, etc).  It makes more sense to use the time tested, reliable Bitcoin network for anonymous transactions than to switch to a new network with unknown reliability.
Money is important.  Users need to know that their money will still exist tomorrow.  Bitcoin is by far the most likely blockchain network to still exist 5 years from now.  Altcoins come and go.
@_date: 2017-12-06 01:12:42
They will not make it illegal unless they believe it is a real threat to them.  If they think it is a threat, there must be a reason.  
The reason is because Bitcoin is legitimately useful as independently verifiable digital money, and people want it because they believe in that legitimacy.
When the Romans were devaluing their currency while forcing the commoners to use it, guess what the senators and the soldiers got paid with? Gold.  Not the devalued currency the government itself was issuing.  
If Bitcoin is true threat to illegitimate fiat, those in power will be hoarding Bitcoin while they try to prevent others from doing so.
@_date: 2017-12-06 00:59:37
Headline is false.  Bitcoin will not 'require' any amount of electricity.  Technically, all of the blocks with all of the transactions could be mined by a single computer.  The hashpower rises and falls all the time, and Bitcoin keeps working the exact same way.  Looking at 'energy per transaction' is nonsensical.  There is no relation between the energy used and the number of transactions the network supports.
The energy usage is a side effect of the 'work' that miners do.  This Proof of Work system replaces a central party who could make bitcoins out of nothing or freeze or delete your money.  PoW is the only system that has been proven to work for this purpose.  
The [research the article cites]( admits:


So the way Bitcoin does what it does is thusfar the only proven way to do what it does.   The market apparently values that, and the electricity dedicated to mining is a reflection of that value.  The electricity mining uses secures the network against attack.  There is no other way to achieve this level of security.
That said, the electricity usage they estimate is based on huge unprovable assumptions.  For example, they estimate energy usage as a percentage of miner revenue measured in USD.  So whenever the market price of a bitcoin rises, they automatically assume that the electricity used rises proportionately.  This assumption is obviously problematic.  What if the miners are taking profits instead of paying for more electricity?  Paying salaries?  Holding?  Buying yachts?  
Estimates do not seem to consider that mining equipment becomes more efficient as more advanced models are released.  Back in the day the same wattage I used to mine only a few hundred megahashes per second can now be used to mine terahashes per second.  As new equipment comes out, it replaces older less efficient equipment.  So counter intuitively, an increase in hashpower could actually lower electricity usage.
Humans waste so much that I hardly think Bitcoin mining is the thing to be worried about.  What about cars?  What about raising beef?  What about all the fumes from manufacturing plastic bottles that then get thrown in the ocean? 
So no this estimate is not to be taken at face value.  The article clearly has an anti-bitcoin bias, he predicts 'a coming crash' in the first sentence.  If he thinks Bitcoin will crash, why is he worried about electricity usage?  Obviously the problem will take care of itself.
@_date: 2017-12-11 23:58:41
I'm amazed that at this late date the critics still don't seem to realize that the arguments they are making are the same arguments critics have been making for at least six years - while the price of Bitcoin has has been going up and up.
You'd think that by now they'd trying to understand why their arguments were wrong last time.
@_date: 2017-12-08 01:00:56
That is called arbitrage and it's harder than you think.  It takes time to transfer the bitcoin from exchange to exchange (most exchanges require several confirmations before they credit your account) and the price can move in the meantime.
@_date: 2015-12-24 20:56:12
Where is the Bitfury machine for sale?
@_date: 2017-12-03 21:49:13
Upvoted for hilarity.
If you cannot trust a government issued paper currency, there is no reason to trust that same government's self issued virtual currency.  
What does "backed by natural resources" mean?  Venezuela promises to redeem your Petro for oil?  Why would anyone believe that promise?
Maduro would be better off mining and transacting with Bitcoin.  It already exists, has a solid record or security and reliability for 8 years, and is accepted in far more places than the virtual currency he just made up.
@_date: 2015-12-06 12:03:54
Still more decentralized than any fiat currency or bank account.
@_date: 2017-12-05 13:10:01
Article completely misses the most important things you should know about Bitcoin.
Bitcoin is independently verifiable digital money that works the same way for every person in every country without permission from a central authority.  Nothing like this existed before Bitcoin, and nothing like this can ever be offered by any bank or government.
Digital dollars exist only on a bank's computer, NOT your computer.  The bank is in control of 'your' money on their computer.  They can turn off your money by denying you access to your money.  It is not possible to remove your digital dollars from the bank's computer and put them on your computer.
Bitcoin is digital money that exists on your computer, not the bank's.  No one can turn off your bitcoins the way the bank can turn off your dollars.  There is no central authority in Bitcoin, everyone is a peer.  The other peers can see that your bitcoins are legitimate because it can be independently verified that they follow the same mathematical rules that everyone else has to follow.  If anyone tries to break the mathematical rules, his transaction is rejected by the other peers in the network.
The peers trust the math, not some central authority like a bank.
The takeaway is people and businesses can use Bitcoin to transact with each other, at will, over the internet, the same way a person would hand another person a ten dollar bill.  A person or business can now hold their own digital money the same way you hold cash in your wallet, WITHOUT any bank or middleman.
The price is not rising because banks are granting Bitcoin 'legitimacy'.  The price is rising because the banks and others are *recognizing* the legitimacy of using Bitcoin as money, as a independently verifiable digital store of value that can be used to transact over the internet.
@_date: 2015-12-25 15:08:14
In my opinion the S7 is the best choice as of today.  It is available for purchase now and ships immediately.  It could be months before the Bitfury machine is available, and even then you don't know what the price will be.  You don't really care if Bitfury is more power efficient because your electricity is free.  
Meanwhile, the Bitcoin block reward will halve from 25 to 12.5 bitcoins per block sometime in mid-2016.  You want to mine as much as possible to make back your hardware cost before that happens.  That means you need to start ASAP, which means you want to buy something that's available now. 
@_date: 2015-12-20 13:30:58
1) Even if miners self-reported this, there is no way to verify the data.
2) Miners are already aware of what is at stake.  That's why they are mining.
The best (only, really) way to combat mining centralization is for you to mine yourself with hardware that you physically control, and explain to other individuals and small businesses the importance of doing the same.  Anyone who is not willing to mine themselves is abdicating the responsibility to decentralize the network to whoever *is* willing to mine.  That is the way Bitcoin works.  
@_date: 2015-12-24 12:00:09
It sounds like you are not connected to the network.  Since you mentioned port 9050, it sounds like you might have the box checked telling Bitcoin-QT to use a proxy?  If so try unchecking that and see if you can connect.  In a few moments you will start connecting to peers.  It will take some hours to download the entire blockchain for the first time, however.  Don't worry, when it's finished you will receive the payment.
@_date: 2015-12-07 12:18:07


By "global", we mean it will be available to the people we give permission to.  Your papers please?
@_date: 2015-12-02 00:50:23
'China' does not 'control' more than 50% of the hashpower.  The two largest pools may be located in China, but the pools do not physically host all of the hashpower.  Antminer and F2Pool are public pools, meaning any person from any country can mine at these pools simply by pointing their ASICs at the pool server from anywhere on the internet.  Many small time miners from many different countries make up the hashpower of public pools.  I, for example, live a thousand miles away from the pool I point my ASICs at.
If any mining pools in any country collude to attack Bitcoin with blacklists or whitelists or whatever, these smaller miners will leave the misbehaving pools and point at pools that do not misbehave.  Or, we will P2pool, or solo mine, or start our own public, uncensored pools.  We saw this happen in 2014 when Ghash.io became too large - miners left and now Ghash.io is insignificant in terms of hashpower.
You are correct that everyone involved in Bitcoin should be concerned about potential centralization threats.  If you are concerned about mining centralization, the correct response is to acquire ASICs and mine yourself with hardware you physically control.  Every Gigahash you control makes it one gigahash harder for any potential attacker.
@_date: 2015-12-15 02:02:38
There are variety of types of wallets.  The wallet you had kept your private keys on the phone itself (as opposed to in the cloud on someone else's computer).  This is good for security (because no one else is in control of your keys) but it's bad if your phone breaks and you didn't create a backup of your private keys beforehand.  
If you still have your old phone and it's not completely broken, you might be able to have someone you trust who knows about computers recover the private key file for you.  It will be a file called wallet.dat on your old phone.  You will have to copy that file from your old phone to your new phone.  You might then be able to restore the private keys to your new phone with the Bitcoin Wallet app.
Long story short, if your old phone is gone your bitcoin is gone, unless you created a backup of you wallet.  
@_date: 2015-12-13 23:54:13
You may want to check out this project that did something similar:
@_date: 2015-12-06 12:27:09
Fair enough. The fact remains they are a public pool and we don't know how much of the hash power is controlled by smaller pool miners.
@_date: 2015-12-06 16:32:20
Centralized 'Bitcoin' could not be used to buy drugs on darknet markets for the same reasons that visa and paypal are not accepted on darknet markets today.  Bitcoin was chosen for that application because decentralized Bitcoin is the only digital money that approximates physical cash.  All other types of digital 'money' like credit cards and paypal are centrally controlled and can stop transactions and freeze funds.  If Bitcoin became centralized, the centrally controlling entity (bank) would receive government pressure to apply KYC, just like visa, paypal, banks, and e-gold all received.  Today, everyone can use Bitcoin without permission.  This attribute would disappear as soon as Bitcoin became centralized.  Programmers would no longer be able to build software or hardware that accepted payments without permission from the central entity.  Any financial innovation would once again require permission from gatekeepers before it could occur.  The entire point of Bitcoin, as Satoshi says in the whitepaper, is to eliminate a central controlling entity.  It is from this attribute that all of the benefits arise.


If by grin and bear it you mean they would become no better than Paypal or Visa while still competing with Paypal and Visa.  I certainly will not be using any centralized version of Bitcoin (which means I would sell my holdings) and I'm pretty sure there are many others who agree.  Otherwise we would on or With a central authority Bitcoin loses the benefits of Bitcoin and becomes something much less than Bitcoin.
There is no way to prove exactly what would happen with the price, but we do know that the differentiator of Bitcoin is its decentralization and the resulting benefits of same.
@_date: 2015-12-06 11:55:32
Not true.  The two biggest pools, F2pool and Antminer, are public pools.  BTCC is also a public pool.
@_date: 2015-12-31 19:29:06
If that is true, it would mean there is plenty of room for competition in ASIC mining manufacture (since profit margins are so high).  More ASIC manufacturers / mining pools means more widely distributed hash power.  The cost of ASICs will come down due to this competition.  Many individuals buying ASICs from multiple manufacturers who are competing with each other is more decentralized than individuals not mining at all.
Surely you don't suggest no one should mine unless they build their own ASICs?
@_date: 2017-12-08 01:08:46
There is no official bitcoin price.  No one sets the price.  The price is 'discovered' by the markets by many sellers asking prices and many buyers bidding.  The 'last' price that someone paid on a given exchange is the price of the moment.  Because of this, the exact price can vary depending on what exchange you are looking at.  This is the same way the price of gold, oil, or a stock is arrived at.
Exchanges with lower liquidity (fewer bitcoins for sale) tend to have more volatile pricing.
Coinbase is more of a 'retail' experience as opposed to a trading experience.  If you want to see the exact last price you could look at an exchange like Bitstamp or Bitfinex.  
Some people like using sites that show the price on multiple exchanges like bitcoinwisdom.com or bitcoinity.org/markets
@_date: 2015-12-06 15:12:12


I agree that these are valid questions.  
At least the following largish pools are verifiably public:
No one, except the pool operators, knows for sure how much of the hash power is internal to the pools and how much is contributed by independent pool miners not affiliated with the pool.  I don't know, and you don't know.  What I know is that I am mining and contributing to the decentralization of the network, and none of these pools 'controls' my hash power.  If the pool I am pointed at misbehaves, I will point away from the offending pool and at a different pool, or solo mine if necessary.  
This is how mining is meant to work.  If (almost) everyone contributes a small amount of hashpower to the network, everyone gets a little bit of bitcoin and everyone can trust that no one else can discriminate against your transactions.  Choosing not to mine and then complaining about miners is like choosing not to vote and then complaining about who gets elected.
@_date: 2015-12-05 15:57:13
Intuit/Quickbooks has a level of Bitcoin integration
Coinbase integrates with Mint.com:
@_date: 2015-06-04 11:17:12
What evidence is there that the vast majority of Bitcoin miners are physically located in China?
A miner can mine in F2pool while being physically located anywhere on the internet.
@_date: 2015-12-22 00:25:28
It's hacked out of the box by the banks that control it.  They can deny anyone permission to transact on their network, which means that any money you think you have on their network can become unspendable at any moment, just like money in a bank account now.  Running off with funds is totally viable if you are the bank in control of the ledger.
@_date: 2015-12-06 16:58:27
Chinese miners are exactly as legit as any other miners.  Banks in China have similar KYC laws as in other countries.
@_date: 2015-12-15 00:13:38
You asked "why do we want anonymous money?" I am explaining that money is anonymous by nature.  
More technically, if you attach identity to money, the money stops being fungible and that's bad.  
Also, money that requires you to prove your identity to someone before you can use it gives that someone power to deny you the ability to use your own money.  Some people are uncomfortable with the assumption that the person who has the power to deny you the ability to spend your own money is always going to use that power for good.
@_date: 2015-12-25 13:40:28
For 1 btc a week you would need about ten S7s at today's difficulty.  But you should understand that the difficulty fluctuates about every two weeks, and it is likely to rise (or fall) in the not too distant future.
Check out the mining calculator here:
You can enter your electricity cost, cost of hardware, expected future price of a bitcoin, expected future rate of difficulty rise (or fall), etc, to get a realistic idea of possible outcomes.  Difficulty has risen about 7% per adjustment (on average) since October. Don't forget to take into account the block reward halving sometime between June and Sept 2016.
@_date: 2015-12-27 18:32:31
THIS POST IS A SCAM, it does NOT lead to the real Spondoolies Tech website.
The real Spondoolies webiste is here:
There is no SP40 on the real Spondoolies website.
@_date: 2015-12-24 20:39:15
Glad to hear it worked!  Welcome to Bitcoin :)
@_date: 2015-12-12 13:16:26


Not if they use R3's private bank network it isn't.  R3 can deny any bank access to the R3 network the exact same way SWIFT can deny a bank access to the SWIFT network.
The only way to avoid being arbitrarily disconnected from the network is to use a permissionless network like the one the Bitcoin blockchain uses.
@_date: 2015-12-13 12:42:57
Bitcoin is global and does not depend on what happens in the US.
Also the British had the world's most powerful navy, a world spanning empire's worth of resources and a trained army.  
@_date: 2015-12-31 11:59:23
There is only one way to prevent mining centralization.  Mine yourself, and encourage everyone else to do the same thing.  
Any other 'strong response' assumes there is some controlling party who can 'control' the situation by changing rules without consensus.  There is no such party in Bitcoin.  There are only individuals who can choose to participate in the run-time consensus mechanism (Proof of Work Mining) or not.  If you don't like the current mining pool distribution, you can start mining yourself in a small pool, or your own pool, or solo mine.  The current miners cannot stop you, and the Core Devs cannot stop you.  
@_date: 2015-12-05 13:15:33
The value add is that any bank in any country can connect to the Bitcoin blockchain for free and without permission and use it as a back end to send money to any other bank in any other country.  Settlement is done automagically, in ten minutes, in an independently verifiable way without regard for national borders.
Technically, there is no need for Visa, Epiphyte, BitPesa or M-Pesa in the mix.  Users can send bitcoin directly to each other.  But this POC demonstrates that the Bitcoin blockchain can be used in real life to send money.  It gets banks and by extension their users familiar with the ideal that bitcoins have value and can be used to transact.
@_date: 2015-12-05 13:42:07
@_date: 2015-12-27 17:56:00
The Bitfury chip is not for sale anywhere as of today.  We don't know when it will be available, and we don't know what price they will be charging.  The SP40 efficiency is comparable to the Antminer S7, which is to say they are the most power efficient miners currently available to be ordered and shipped immediately.
EDIT: Belatedly realized that this is actually a scam - there is no SP40 for sale on the real Spondoolies website.
@_date: 2015-06-18 11:03:33
Mining Bitcoin at home is no different from the hundreds of other hobbies people spend money on.  Many hobbies cost money and have zero chance of turning a profit.
People donate money and time to causes they believe are important.  People run hosted Tor nodes that cost money and generate no revenue.  They do this because they believe it is important for everyone to have the option of using the internet privately.  People who run Bitcoin nodes and mine Bitcoin believe it is important for everyone to have the option to engage in internet commerce without being excluded by some potentially malicious controlling entity, or potentially having their money frozen or confiscated by the same controlling entity.
Mining is not just about the mining reward.  It's about helping make possible what is not possible without the decentralized Bitcoin blockchain.
@_date: 2015-12-27 18:25:25


We don't know that.  BFL promised to deliver ASICs in October 2012.  Most people did not receive the product until a year later.  Decisions about mining equipment purchases should not be made based on promises of future products, in my opinion.  
@_date: 2015-12-06 12:05:27
They do not control 90% of the hashpower.  The pools are mostly public pools that miners from any country can use.  Any miner from any country can point at a mining pool in any other country.  Last year people were saying that Ghash.io controlled 50%, but that was clearly not the case.  As soon as Ghash started acting irresponsibly the pool miners left and now ghash is tiny.
The correct response to the threat of miner centralization is for everyone who cares about keeping Bitcoin uncensored and useable for everyone in every country to mine themselves with hardware they control and encourage others to do the same thing.
@_date: 2015-12-06 20:10:58
There is no proof that 50% of the hashpower is in Chinese data centers. The two largest pools may be located in China, but the pools do not physically host all of the mining hardware. Antminer and F2Pool are public pools, meaning any person from any country can mine at these pools simply by pointing their ASICs at the pool server from anywhere on the internet. Many small time miners from many different countries make up the hashpower of public pools. I, for example, live a thousand miles away from the pool I point my ASICs at.
If any mining pools in any country collude to attack Bitcoin with blacklists or whitelists or whatever, these smaller miners will leave the misbehaving pools and point at pools that do not misbehave. Or, we will P2pool, or solo mine, or start our own public, uncensored pools. We saw this happen in 2014 when Ghash.io became too large - miners left and now Ghash.io is insignificant in terms of hashpower.
Everyone involved in Bitcoin should be concerned about potential centralization threats. If you are concerned about mining centralization, the correct response is to acquire ASICs and mine yourself with hardware you physically control. Every Gigahash you control makes it one gigahash harder for any potential attacker.
@_date: 2015-12-24 21:24:09
When it comes to purchasing mining equipment, it's best to make decisions based only on what is confirmed to exist and shipping today.  Bitcoin ASIC history is littered with broken promises and missed ship dates.  You don't want to get stuck waiting months like people did for BFL in 2013.
What's great about Antminer is that the equipment exists, performs as advertised, and is shipping today.  The S7 is the most energy efficient machine currently shipping.
@_date: 2015-12-29 23:43:57
'China' does not 'control' 70% of the hashpower. The pools are mostly public pools that miners from any country can use. Any miner from any country can point at a mining pool in any other country. If any pool in any country acts irresponsibly, individual pool miners will point away from that pool and point their hash power at a different pool.
If you don't like the current mining pool distribution, you can start mining yourself and explain to everyone who wants to use Bitcoin that it is important that they mine as well.  No one, including current miners or devs, can prevent you from contributing your own hash power that you control yourself.
@_date: 2015-12-05 13:32:24
Presumably because Bitcoin is scary and Visa doesn't feel comfortable unless they are paying a smart guy in a suit to explain it to them?  There is back end programming to be done and Epiphyte has Bitcoin development expertise that Visa doesn't currently have on staff?  Just guessing.  As far as I'm concerned all of the trusted third parties in the mix will eventually be recognized as redundant.  But this is a logical interim step.
@_date: 2015-06-29 17:13:35
True.  The point is that any person who decides to use (spend and/or accept) Bitcoin can now use his acquired bitcoin to transact in person or over distance electronically with whomever agrees to transact using Bitcoin with him.  Labor and services can be traded for bitcoin, and unlike cash bitcoin can be used to transact electronically.
Think of all of the business in Greece that are expecting to receive electronic payments, like a power company for example, or an ISP.  Presumably, they cannot currently receive payment because bank accounts are shut down.  Such a company could choose to accept Bitcoin payments online.  They could do so with no interaction with any bank.  They could in turn use the acquired bitcoins to pay their suppliers, again without any permission or interaction required from any bank.  
Will that actually happen in Greece en masse as a result of this incident?  Perhaps not, but the capability is there today.  Over time, as more and more countries experience banking system difficulties of this nature more and more frequently, those paying attention will start to realize the practical advantages of electronic money that doesn't require a bank.  Network effects are powerful once they get going.
@_date: 2015-12-06 14:52:14
Yes.  I know, because I am doing it right now.  Others who understand why Bitcoin is valuable are doing the same thing.
@_date: 2015-12-06 16:51:58
Yes it does.  The centralized miner would be forced apply KYC like any other financial institution. They would create a whitelist of addresses that are allowed to transact.  Your address is not on the whitelist if your name, SSN, address, mothers maiden name, etc, are not on file with the central authority and associated with that address.  Just like bank accounts today.  Transactions from non-whitelisted addresses would not be included in blocks by the centralized miner.  
The only reason this has not already happened to Bitcoin today is because of its decentralization.  Otherwise the government would shut it down like they did with e-gold.
@_date: 2015-06-19 00:57:37
If they don't care if it is decentralized, then they don't understand what a blockchain is and/or they don' t need one.  The point of a blockchain is to establish and verify decentralized consensus of peers who do not trust each other.  If you can just tell the other 'peers' what to do anyway through exclusion or an override mechanism, as banks think they should be able to, then a blockchain is redundant.  If one bank prefers their own blockchain, then why wouldn't every bank prefer their own blockchain?  Now every bank has a blockchain that proves that the bank agrees with itself.  That gets them what?  Meanwhile, Bitcoin is still the only way for any person on the internet to send money to any other person in any country without requiring permission from any middleman.
I agree with you that bank controlled blockchains are not exciting.
@_date: 2015-06-29 18:05:54
I don't know, it seems to me that 'capital controls' means that someone is controlling my capital who is not me.  The point is that capital only moves electronically with the help of a bank.  Capital held in the form of Bitcoin is capital that only I can control.  I can pay whoever I want, I can receive money from whoever I want.  The power to transact is in the hands of the transactors, not some third party who decides whether I am allowed to withdraw my own money.
@_date: 2015-06-29 18:00:23


That statement is totally bogus and misleading.  The amount of electricity miners use has no connection with the number of transactions.  If the number of bitcoin transactions doubled today, this so called per transaction electricity expenditure would instantly be cut in half, but the bitcoin network would sustain the same maximum number of transactions per day as it does now. 
If half the miners shut down, halving the electricity usage of the bitcoin network, the bitcoin network would still be capable of the same number of transactions it is capable of today.  It makes no sense to characterize the electricity usage of the bitcoin network 'per transaction'.  Electricity usage and number of transactions have nothing to do with each other.  If a person makes a bitcoin transaction, the network does not use any more electricity than it would have if they had not made the transaction.
You cannot compare resources used by Visa to Bitcoin without including the salaries of all the Visa employees to maintain their human powered centralized system.  Likewise you cannot compare the two without including the entire legacy banking system that Visa is dependent on.  You cannot compare the two without noting that Bitcoin works in a mathematically verifiable way for every person on the internet in every country, and Visa does not.  Visa can turn off access to Visa for any person at any time.  No one can turn off access to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-12-25 14:13:16
Right, before electricity costs.  27TH worth of S7s would use 6500 watts.
@_date: 2015-12-25 14:42:30
In that case you have a huge advantage over other miners.  If I had free electricity I would definitely pick up some S7s.  Even if the Bitfury machine that eventually hits the shelves is more efficient than the S7s, it doesn't put pressure on you to upgrade because your electricity is free.
If I paid to live in student housing or whatever with electricity included I would definitely take advantage of that situation. 
@_date: 2015-12-06 11:56:14
You are correct. 
@_date: 2015-06-17 16:33:39


At the moment, perhaps many do not.  However, that does not change the fundamental truth of what I have written.


All the 'solutions' I have seen involve the bank/company who is in charge of the system limiting access to the system, which gives them defacto control over the system.  Because they have control, they will be forced to exclude people based on identity, country of residence, or use case.  The major achievement of Bitcoin is that the system provides digital money that is available to everyone, and is mathematically verifiable without the need for vetting by any trusted party.   I have not heard of any bank based solution that nullifies the problem of that same bank stopping payments because they don't like the transactors.


They may not now, because they don't understand the options and the potential abuses.  But sooner or later they will.  When the Greek banks start confiscating deposits, the affected people will definitely care, whether or not they make the connection to decentralization.  
In my opinion, it's only a matter of time until these ideas marinate into the public conversation.  Unfortunately, our current financial system is a house of cards.  Over time, as people see crisis after crisis that result in individuals loosing control over their money, they will learn that they have to care about decentralization if they want the funds that they rely on to live to be secure from bank failure / confiscation, while retaining the ability to transact electronically.  This is the problem Bitcoin was invented to solve, and no bank controlled solution can solve it, because any bank based solution depends on trusting the bank.  Banks can fail, and any bank based system will fail with the bank.  Bitcoin works for all users as long as it's users want to use it.
@_date: 2015-06-29 18:45:49
Square does not work for every person in every country.  You needed to give your name and personal information, and you needed to go through an approval process.  The fact that you had to be approved implies that you could could have been rejected.  You also have to pay a percentage of every transaction to Square.  If Square rejects you, you cannot just decide to accept credit cards using Square anyway.  Square's permission is required.
@_date: 2015-06-29 12:56:03


Demonstrably false.  Every business in every country has to apply for permission to accept credit cards, and that permission can be denied by the controllers of the credit card networks for any number of arbitrary reasons.  Gambling?  Permission denied.  Live in the wrong country?  Permission denied.  Selling the wrong product?  Permission denied.  Wikileaks?  Permission denied.  No one needs permission from anyone to accept Bitcoin.  Just like the hard cash that people in countries with economic upheaval love to accept.


What is your source for this assertion?  When accusing someone of a crime, evidence is required.  You cannot just assert that everyone who accepts cash is guilty of tax evasion.  
@_date: 2015-06-17 14:47:18
This is why it is now and always will be incredibly important for as many disparate individuals and companies as possible to mine with their own equipment that they themselves physically control.
Individual miners can leave any misbehaving pool and join a non-misbehaving pool at any time, or form their own pool.  But the checks and balances only operate effectively if individuals and small mining operations keep mining with their own equipment.
@_date: 2015-06-18 13:09:48
Not so many in the scheme of things.  Coinbase alone has 2.3 million wallets.  If even 1% of those people run a single Antminer S3, that over 10 petahashes.  If even 10% of those people run a single Antminer S3, that's 100 petahashes, or 28% of the entire current network.  S3's can be bought on ebay for less than $100.  
Unlike big mining farms, home miners have the advantage of no cooling costs, no rent costs, and no employee costs.  And the largest advantage of all is that unlike a big mining farm, home miners do not have to be profitable.  If I burn $70 a month in electricity, it is entirely inconsequential to me.  A big mining farm does not have that luxury.  A big mining farm cannot even just break even.  It has to be able to pay all of his costs, not least of which is salaries of employees, and then still make a non-negligible profit in order to continue to operate.  Home miners can outlast any big farm because we don't have to care about the money.  The benefit is Bitcoin remains open, usable and trustworthy for every person on the internet.
Mining researcher [OrganofCorti]( estimates there are already approximately 100,000 Bitcoin pool miners.  So none of this is far fetched.
@_date: 2015-06-17 13:28:30
The historical evidence seems to imply that it's not that simple.  
By your logic, the hashrate should have been dropping for the last year, because the dollar rewards of mining have been dropping with the price.  Yet the hashrate has been rising, not dropping.
Predictions of network destabilizing catastrophic hashrate drops have never come true, despite being constantly predicted since at least 2011.  
@_date: 2015-06-29 15:26:05
Nothing in that article presents any evidence whatsoever.  It simply makes the same assertion you are making, that business who do not accept credit cards must be evading taxes with no evidence presented.  Your own citation says that the doctor who does not accept credit cards "declares his income to the taxman".  
The only naivete in play here is the public allowing itself to be pushed to only use transaction methods that are fully controlled by banks, and can be turned off at any time.  We have seen this in Argentina, Cyprus, Ukraine, and now Greece.  Right now, Greeks access to their own money in the bank is being limited.  Bank accounts can be turned off, credit cards can be turned off.  Bitcoin works without permission for any person and cannot be turned off.  Cash has the same feature.  A person does not have to be a tax evader to recognize the utility of having money the access to which cannot be revoked by a bank.
@_date: 2015-06-18 14:49:40
No, the network would not be decentralized because access control is not decentralized.
Your scenario asserts that only banks will be allowed to mine on this network.  What entity or person decides who is a bank and which banks are allowed to participate?  That entity can control access to the network, therefore that entity can control the consensus by banishing any 'peer' banks that disagree with himself.  In Bitcoin terms, the access controlling entity can 51% attack his network at will.  The other mining 'peers' cannot stop him, because any 'peer' who disagrees will have their access revoked.
I put 'peer' in quotes because the other participants in the network are not actually peers of the access controlling entity.  The access controlling entity has power over the other participants.
This is in stark contrast to the Bitcoin network.  The Bitcoin network is a network of peers.  Anyone can mine, anyone can run a node, anyone can read the source code, anyone can generate a wallet, anyone can receive a payment, anyone can make a payment.  This public access is crucial to the concept of decentralization.  No peer in Bitcoin has the power to banish any other peer.  They are all equally legitimate.  The conceptual leap of the blockchain is that it allows trust based on mathematics and NOT on trust of an access controlling entity who vets participants and excludes those he disagrees with.  
A bank controlled blockchain can never have these features.  Any users of a bank controlled blockchain must consider their funds on that blockchain to be under the control of the controlling bank.  In contrast, Bitcoin allows peer funds to remain under the control of that peer and only that peer.
@_date: 2015-06-17 12:55:52


This is not true.  The recipient does not receive money over email.  They receive an email or a text with a link to Paypal.  They then need to sign up for a Paypal account, which may be denied them for any number of reasons, not least of which is living in the wrong country or having the wrong name.  Paypal is entirely dependent on the banking system and therefore excludes many countries and use cases.  
Bitcoin works for every person on the internet in every country, and no one's permission is required to use your own money the way you want to use it.
Pretending a person is in full control of their own money on the internet using Paypal or anything based on the banking system is just dishonest.
@_date: 2015-06-07 10:56:34


Not really.  A bank or government can freeze your money at any time, no hacking required.  An open source hardware wallet could be transparent and independently verifiable.  
@_date: 2015-12-13 12:13:27
Black swans are like that.
@_date: 2015-12-08 00:58:33


You are correct.  This is why everyone should be mining, even if they can only contribute a small amount of hashpower.
If you don't like what miners are doing, you can gather a bunch of like-minded individuals and start your own mining pool.  You can run whatever node implementation you want and you can mine whatever block size you want.  The existing miners cannot stop you from competing with them.  
If EVERYONE does this, the resulting hash power would offset the current perceived imbalance.  Instead, the 'leave mining to the experts' trope has been repeated for years, and the current mining pool distribution is the result.  The good news is there is nothing stopping the pendulum from swinging back toward more decentralization, if those who want to use Bitcoin simply step up and participate in the consensus mechanism.
Bitcoin IS mining.  The sooner everyone accepts this, the sooner we will have a truly decentralized network where everyone has a vote.
@_date: 2015-06-17 14:02:31




These two sentences illustrate why these bank based blockchains cannot compete with Bitcoin and the Bitcoin blockchain.  The bank based solutions are all about banks, and not users.  The peers in a bank based blockchain system are banks, not users.  Users will still have to trust banks.  
Santander is not going to allow just anyone to mine on 'their' blockchain or participate in the consensus mechanism.  Any participants, partner banks, etc, will have to be vetted by Santander.  This means that in practice the consensus reached by the Santander blockchain is a sham.  It is not a true consensus among peers who do not trust each other.  It is a 'consensus' dictated by the trusted party that controls the access to the system.  Anyone who disagrees with Santander will be blacklisted from the network by Santander.  Such a blockchain will only prove that participant banks agree with Santander's dictated consensus.  
The bottlenecks in bank efficiency are not just caused by old tech.  They are caused by the compliance requirements that are made possible because all bank solutions are identity based.  Bitcoin is more like cash that works on the internet.  Cash is independent of identity and is independently verifiable by any recipient.  That's what allows any person on the internet to pay any other person on the internet without needing any bank.
@_date: 2015-12-14 00:33:06
Money has always been anonymous.  It's only promises to pay (like when you use a credit card, debit card or check) that require identification.  The reason you provide your identification is so that the bank who is paying on your behalf can be sure that the person they are paying on behalf of is really you.
Money works without identity.  That's why anyone can pay with cash and everyone excepts cash, and the cashier doesn't know your name.  There are no promises to be kept.  Bitcoin works the same way as any other money.
@_date: 2015-06-29 12:29:12
The primary reason businesses are cash only is because of credit card fees.  Also, they can't just decide to accept credit cards.  They need to apply for permission.  If they get permission, they still have to assume charge-back risk.  Cash has none of these drawbacks, because cash is money in hand.  Bitcoin is money in hand, requires no permission, and requires no exorbitant fees.
@_date: 2015-06-05 23:53:42
Agreed, this would cover LocalBitcoins the escrow service.  Contrary to OP, I don't see any reason to assume this would effect casual sellers exchanging a few coins for cash.
FinCEN has asserted that anyone selling bitcoins meets the definition of a money transmitter.  This assertion makes no sense, and I think it will eventually be disputed in court.    If I sell you bitcoins, I am not transmitting anyone else's money.  I am giving you bitcoins, and I am receiving money in exchange.  
Even if bitcoins are defined as money, the person selling bitcoins is not transmitting someone else's money any more than the person paying with dollars is transmitting someone else's money.
@_date: 2015-06-09 10:46:40
What monetary incentives are there to run Tor relays?  None.  Yet there are 6000+ Tor relays.  People run them because they believe privacy is important.  
People run Bitcoin nodes because they believe decentralized, transparent digital money that works the same way for everyone on the internet is important.  
@_date: 2015-06-09 10:52:30
Consensus is not a vague term at all.  Consensus is greater than 50% of the fully validating nodes.  If greater than 50% of the nodes adopt the change, the change happens.  If they do not, the change does not happen.  
Gavin cannot dictate anything.  Even if he commits the change to Bitcoin Core on Github, he cannot force node operators to upgrade.  If the majority of node operators do not upgrade, the network remains exactly as it is today.
@_date: 2015-12-29 23:52:18
Of course it's possible.  Users of Bitcoin in any country can choose to mine as defensive measure to ensure the security of their funds, whether or not it's profitable.  If everyone mines at a small scale, it doesn't cost much and the power of large pools is contained.  
If individuals choose not to exercise their right to participate in the consensus mechanism, then they don't participate in the consensus mechanism and obviously cannot stop those who are mining from doing whatever they choose to do.
@_date: 2015-06-29 16:37:46
They don't necessarily have to buy bitcoins with cash.  There is nothing preventing a person from trading any good or service for bitcoins via in person meetup.  Once bitcoins are acquired, they can be saved, spent, or remitted to any location inside or outside Greece.  Euro's already trapped in a bank account are are SOL, but money earned in the future doesn't have to be.
@_date: 2015-06-28 19:54:16
@_date: 2015-12-31 12:15:28
It is not central planning.  The Core Devs write software.  They do not control what software I choose to run (or not) on my Bitcoin full nodes.  If a change is made to Core that I don't like, I do not run the new code.  The Bitcoin network is the consensus of what the full nodes and miners are actually running, not what any group 'plans'.
@_date: 2015-06-29 14:48:40


You didn't say the vast majority of businesses.  You said 'any business'.  Your statement is false.  Permission is required to use a credit card.


If they get permission, for a fee, with charge-back risk.  Without permission they cannot accept.  Permission can be denied to any business, Greek or not.


So, still no evidence for you assertion.  Citation needed.


That is correct.  Permission is needed to accept credit cards in every city on the globe.  A fee is charged to accept credit cards in every city on the globe.  Accepting credit cards includes accepting charge-back risk in every city on the globe.


Have you never been to NYC?  Many, many restaurants in NYC do not take credit cards.  I ate at a restaurant yesterday in suburban USA that does not take credit cards.  
There are plenty of reasons not to take credit cards as an honest business - permission required, fees charged, and charge-back risk.  Credit cards and banks assert that cash only businesses are somehow breaking the law.  There is no evidence of this.  If you know all of these cash only businesses are evading taxes, then you should report them to the authorities.  In point of fact you have no evidence of tax evasion.  You are making a blanket statement with no facts whatsoever to back it up.  There is nothing shady about not accepting credit cards.  
Especially for low margin businesses, not having to pay credit card fees could be the difference between being profitable and not being profitable.
@_date: 2015-06-17 12:06:28
The thing is, everyone said that before the 2012 block reward halving. But it failed to happen.  
@_date: 2015-06-17 13:49:00
Bitcoin is not about banks.  Any person or company (including banks) can use Bitcoin today to send money to any person on the internet in any country, *without* any bank.  
@_date: 2015-12-12 14:19:56


"Secure", where security is based on trusting SWIFT, just like they do now without a blockchain.  SWIFT will be able to deny access to any blockchain they deploy, and they will be able to discriminate against transactions and transactors.  A SWIFT controlled blockchain cannot provide the security and integrity that the public, permission-less Bitcoin blockchain provides: security from attack or veto by a central third party.


So the CEO of SWIFT admits that the high price of cross border transactions for end users has nothing to do with the actual cost to make those transactions.  Adding a centralized, KYC-ed to the max blockchain is not going to reduce SWIFT's cost.  Bypassing SWIFT entirely with the decentralized, permission-less Bitcoin blockchain will reduce the cost for the end user, because they do not have to pay SWIFT that obscene profit margin.
@_date: 2015-12-06 12:31:20
Nice job!
@_date: 2015-06-04 11:20:20
Buy with cash from another human in person.  Buyers and sellers can be met via localbitoins.com, Mycelium trader, Craigslist, your local Bitcoin Meetup, your own social network, etc.
@_date: 2015-06-17 12:37:49
The hashrate dropped less than 14%, 9% of which it recovered at the very next difficulty adjustment, long before the price doubled.  The price didn't double until two months later.
Anyone predicting the price rise in January 2013 was not taken seriously, as if a price doubling was impossible and anyone suggesting it was crazy.  Nonetheless, it happened.  It seems to me that the same market laws of supply and demand that applied to all markets in 2012 will still apply in 2016.  The demand for bitcoin is not likely to be lower with 12.5BTC blocks than it is now with 25BTC blocks, in my opinion.
@_date: 2015-06-01 12:40:34
Good catch.  I wonder how many nodes this might apply to.
@_date: 2015-12-31 19:43:26
I believe it is only a matter of time before people in your friend's situation discover Bitcoin mining.  It also seems likely that there are applications in which the heat generated by mining ASICs could be used to offset the electricity cost by a non-negligible percentage (think heating buildings in consistently cold climates).
@_date: 2015-12-25 13:03:28
@_date: 2015-06-08 12:18:18


This is the disruptive power of Bitcoin.  Author fails to mention that NONE of the other 'mobile money' solutions can do this, because they all depend on the legacy banking system and are handicapped by everything that handicaps the legacy banking system.  Bitcoin's ability to send money to any person on the internet in any country without permission differentiates it from all other payment solutions.
@_date: 2015-12-06 15:02:33
The Fed Chairman makes the call in practice.  He is not an elected official.
You cannot compare all the fiat currencies to Bitcoin.  You can compare one fiat currency to Bitcoin, in which case Bitcoin is more decentralized, or you can compare all the fiat currencies to all the cryptocurrencies, in which case they are both decentralized.
This picture does not present a strong case against Bitcoin unless you have a better model with the same attributes that you can convince others to use.  In the meantime, every person in every country is free to start mining at a small pool to contribute to Bitcoin's decentralization.  The same cannot be said for electronic fiat.
@_date: 2015-06-18 11:35:49


'Set-up' and 'sign up' are two completely different things as you well know.  Bitcoin's set up only requires an open source, freely available app that works for every person on the internet in every country.  Paypal sign up only works for the people Paypal gives permission to, in the countries that Paypal operates in.
Currency conversion is an entirely separate thing and is outside the scope of Bitcoin.  Paypal does not eliminate the need for currency conversion, it simply hides it and charges you for the privilege.  


You said that you could send USD instantly to anyone with an email address or a mobile phone number, implying that Paypal allows a user to do everything Bitcoin does.  Your statement is false.  Funds in Paypal can only do what Paypal enables and gives permission for.  Funds in Bitcoin can do whatever the user wants.
The FDIC does not work in every country for every person, and it is irrelevant for anyone without a bank account.  Bitcoin allows individuals with or without bank accounts to transact on the internet while remaining in control of their own electronic funds.  
You might not think you want full control of your funds, but I suspect the citizens of Cyprus, Greece, Argentina, and the Ukraine can appreciate the advantage of having money they can use to transact electronically that is not under the control of a bank.  
No country is immune to banking system upheaval, and no bank based payment mechanism is either.  Bitcoin works independently of any bank, allowing any person on the internet to transact without a middleman.  That is why Bitcoin was invented, and that is what differentiates it from any other solution.  All other solutions require trusting a bank to remain friendly and available.  Bitcoin works with no bank requirement.
@_date: 2015-12-25 15:20:34
@_date: 2015-12-27 17:49:26
Percentage wise, the recent jumps have not been that large from a historical perspective.  In October 2013 there was a 46% increase in a single difficulty adjustment when the BFL ASICs shipped.
@_date: 2015-12-06 15:42:57
You are ignoring the market consequences of the attack.  The price of Bitcoin would crash to near zero the moment a sustained successful attack become known, because centralized 'Bitcoin' does not do what decentralized Bitcoin does.  The attacking miners would have put themselves out of business, since their mined blocks would now be almost worthless.  The attacking miners could continue mining worthless blocks if they want, but no one would care since no one is using the 'Bitcoin' currency any more.
It would then become necessary to re-invent decentralized Bitcoin with a different mining algorithm, or switch to Litecoin / etherum / zerocoin / whatever.  The attacking miners investment would in SHA256 ASICs would be wiped out and they would have to start over buying / building new ASICs like everyone else.  
In my opinion it is not likely that this attack scenario will ever play out, since Bitcoin miners are not in the business of destroying their own profit center.  For the defenders, re-inventing decentralized Bitcoin is more work than just defending the existing decentralized Bitcoin.
So IMHO such an attack will not occur.  If it does occur, your scenario 3 is the most likely response of the non-attacking miners.  Scenario 3 is rational in the long term if you (the user/miner) want to be able to use and rely on uncensorable digital money that works the same way for every person in every country.  Joining the attack does not result in this benefit.  The point of Bitcoin (and therefore mining) is not just profit.  The point of Bitcoin is uncensorable digital money that works the same way for every person in every country.  I believe that miners understand this.  If they didn't, everyone would have joined the first mining pool (Slush) in 2010 and Slush would have 100% hashpower all this time.  But that is not what happened.  
@_date: 2015-12-06 12:23:10
This is statement is incorrect and irresponsible.
Shutting down the guys on stage would NOT shut down Bitcoin.  
If a government shuts down all the Chinese pools right now, the smaller pool miners whose equipment is running at home or in smaller farms will point their ASICs away from F2pool or Antpool and instead point them at Slush or P2pool or solo mine.  Bitcoin will not 'shut down', it will keep working exactly as it works today.
Worst case scenario, my S3s will still be hashing away, profitable or not.  I will be happy to mine all the blocks if the rest of the community can't be bothered to fire up some $100 ASICs to help preserve the worlds first permissionless digital money.
@_date: 2015-06-17 14:48:55
That day all of the individual miners who care about decentralized digital money will leave those pools and point their hashpower at p2pool, or solo mine, or find another non-misbehaving pool to mine at.
@_date: 2014-08-10 02:14:29


Sounds like entrapment to me.
@_date: 2014-12-28 14:47:52
The exact details depend on your router model.  This link may be helpful:
@_date: 2014-01-09 21:52:42
Some great posts on other subjects that got buried:
[World's First Insured Bitcoin Storage Service Launches in UK](
[Vice Interviews Jerry Brito](
[Wired - After Crackdown a New Bitcoin King Emerges in China](
@_date: 2014-07-20 00:10:30
According to my reading, 'average' users would have to verify their identity to any web wallet provider or mining pool they have an account at.  Even if the user is not from New York State, they will have to prove they are not from New York State, and the only way to do that is to prove you are from elsewhere by verifying your identity in the exact same way you would applying for a bank account.
In other words, these regulations are an attempt to make using Bitcoin to transact online just as inefficient and exclusionary as using dollars online.  But it will only effect users who are using third party web wallets to hold their money.  Users holding their own private keys are unaffected, because Bitcoin proper is not a company and cannot force you to divulge your identity and cannot refuse to do business with you. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 00:09:11
More details needed.  What is this 'bitcoin authentication'?  Do they mean namecoin .bit domains?  Awesome either way.
@_date: 2014-01-07 13:55:21
This illustrates the point exactly.  Has this had it's own post here and in @_date: 2014-03-11 14:46:00


@_date: 2014-01-06 21:04:15
I heard the interview where BFL Josh talked about that and I have to disagree with his implication.  Some people calling others on the phone does not prove that centralization was required to fix the fork or desirable in any way.  
Even if the hash power was evenly distributed among 300 different pools, there is nothing stopping them from all gathering on the Bitcoin dev IRC channel and conferring, debating, voting or whatever.  It's not like anyone running a mining pool could have failed to notice something was up.  Maybe it would have taken an extra hour to fix, but sacrificing decentralization is not an option.  Bitcoin is ALL ABOUT decentralization.  Without decentralization, we might as well just have a central bank printing money or Paypal acting as a sole arbiter.  Without decentralization we are just changing the name of Paypal to Bitcoin.  It's in everyone's interest, including the miners, to keep Bitcoin as decentralized as possible.  The whole point of Bitcoin is eliminating a central point of control.  
@_date: 2014-01-09 19:32:20
Agreed that P2Pool is the best choice, but I figured it might be a little advanced for someone who doesn't know how to switch pools yet.  
@_date: 2014-04-21 14:22:58
So it's not actually hands free at all.
@_date: 2014-02-05 16:15:18
I don't think this is likely.  It would be obvious to the other miners.  Gavin has said he will call out and denounce any pool that tries that.  
@_date: 2014-08-09 14:37:10
It doesn't matter who created Bitcoin.  The source code is public.  Read the source code and anyone can see everything it does, and everything it does not do.
@_date: 2014-08-27 11:41:33
I've been in Bitcoin since June 2011 and people were saying this exact same thing then.  
"Oh no, difficulty is at 1 MILLION, mining will never be profitable!"
"Ha ha, the block reward halving is going to wipe out all miners and their will be MASSIVE COLLAPSE!"  
What actually happened is that mining remained profitable and the block reward halving had no effect other than dropping difficulty by 11 percent when some miners shut down.  When miners shut down the difficulty drops.  Lower difficulty makes mining more attractive.  As long as there is demand for bitcoins there will be demand for mining.  Miners compete with each other to fill the demand.  
It means nothing for small miners.  The ASICs I'm currently running actually cost LESS than the GPU rigs I built back in the day.  They use *less* electricity and they bring in *more* money measured in dollars (though less measured in bitcoins).  
@_date: 2014-11-04 15:05:16
Profitability depends on various factors, mostly your electricity costs.  Everyone has to do their own calculations.  In most of Europe, electricity prices are higher and mining is less profitable.  In some places in the US, prices are cheaper.  In some countries like Venezuela, electricity is practically free.  
Calculating mining profitability requires making certain assumptions about future price and difficulty.  If you assume difficulty will rise 20% each change in perpetuity, as the BitcoinWisdom calculator does, then mining will not seem profitable.  However, if you assume difficulty will plateau in the not too distant future, mining may remain profitable.  
Historically, difficulty rises and falls following the BTC price.  But for the past 20 months or so, difficulty has only risen because of the introduction of ASICs.
@_date: 2014-11-12 23:45:49
Can they use a prepaid Visa to receive money from any person in any country?
@_date: 2014-01-05 20:50:31
Most super computers are not designed for mining bitcoins.  The Bitcoin network is already more powerful than the top 500 supercomputers in the world combined, when it comes to performing the specific SHA256 calculations used in mining.
So Watson could probably mine a few bitcoins, but would not endanger the network in any way.
@_date: 2014-10-17 12:52:18
Great article, worth reading.  Transportation speed and costs are analogous to transaction speed and costs.  Bitcoin lowers transaction costs and increases transaction speed.  The availability of work horses and the feed to power them gave europe an advantage in the early industrial revolution, but the invention of engines leveled the playing field by lowering transportation costs and increasing transportation speed for everyone including non-europeans.
Whereas the cost of transacting is relatively low today in first world countries, emerging countries face much higher hurdles to engage in global commerce.  Bitcoin levels the playing field and enables global commerce in the same way engines leveled the playing field for the industrial revolution.  Bitcoin increases transaction speed and lowers transaction costs for everyone in every country without regard for existing banking infrastructure.  Bitcoin allows the existing banking system to be "leap-frogged" by anyone brave enough to take the plunge.
EDIT: mistake fixed 
@_date: 2014-01-30 16:20:29
If I understand correctly, Chinese New Year doesn't start until tomorrow.
@_date: 2014-06-26 10:51:58
Awesome!  Can you comment on why you chose to use Bitcoin for:
Paying your workers
Paying your suppliers
@_date: 2015-06-17 12:45:05
"In the UK" only, for people with bank accounts.
Bitcoin works in every country, between every country, for every person on the internet who decides to use it.  No permission is required, no artificial boundaries are created.
@_date: 2015-06-17 13:44:56
Because Euros are not defined by the blockchain.  Euros are defined arbitrarily by the ECB.  Any claimed blockchain representation of a Euro (bitEuro) would still have the counterparty risk of the issuer of the bitEuro to honor it's claim to redeem the bitEuro for a 'real' Euro.  Santander could shutdown it's bitEuro blockchain at any time, just like they can already do with their bank accounts.  Any customer or partner bank would have to trust Santander not to do this.  Any money tied up on Santander's bitEuro system could be lost because of the counterparty risk introduced by the need to trust Santander to keep is system up and running and not exclude you because you operate in the wrong country or because they claim you violated their arbitrary and every changing terms of service.
Bitcoin's blockchain ledger is permissionless.  No central party has veto power over transactions, no central party can deny access to anyone who wants to participate.  No solution controlled by a bank can ever have these properties, and therefore no solution controlled by a bank can ever have the benefits of decentralized Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-06-26 11:19:51
This came out a couple of months ago but it's a great video and worth a repost.  Probably one of the best ways to explain the general "why" of Bitcoin to a non-techie.  
@_date: 2014-10-27 15:54:55
It's not about anonymity, it's about efficiency.  Exchanging bitcoins should be as easy with a machine as with a person.  I hand you cash, you hand me bitcoins.  IDs are completely irrelevant.  When I go to the exchange counter at the airport to change dollars to Euros, no one asks me for ID.
Buying bitcoins on an exchange requires long wait times while the the bank moves your dollars into the exchange.  Conveniently located ATMs would be instant.  Also ATMs can be used by anyone, including those without access to a bank account in any particular jurisdiction.
@_date: 2014-08-09 14:25:38
I think some of the comments are missing his point.  
Roughly transcribed:


What he is saying is to downplay the rhetoric while the ecosystem is still in it's infancy to prevent banks and states from forever branding Bitcoin as something evil in the public perception and de facto outlawing it via legislation as money laundering and tax evasion.  He wants Bitcoin to be able to grow in adoption unhindered until it is so widespread and engrained in everyday life that it won't be politically feasible to try to outlaw it.  Essentially saying "Don't worry Mr. Regulator, it's just a faster cheaper Paypal!", while quietly building out a system that allows any person in any country to transact with anyone else at will and without permission.  That's why he calls it a Trojan Horse.  The Greeks made the horse look appealing so it would not be analyzed in the correct context.  But really it concealed tremendous power.  
Chamath is saying that the power of Bitcoin will eventually and inevitably be revealed, but it will be a lot smoother for Bitcoin users if we can avoid being vilified in the meantime.  Right now the powers that be do not see Bitcoin as a threat.  The longer it stays that way the better.
@_date: 2014-07-01 10:29:47
The comment I was replying to said "Literally nobody, nobody thought the Internet was a joke in 1994."  His statement is false, and I cited a news article plus personal experience to prove it.
@_date: 2014-05-19 12:17:32


Disingenuously fails to mention that the price drop was following an even larger price rise.  Disingenuously fails to mention the subsequent price recovery and exceeding of previous highs.  Disingenuously fails to mention that Bitcoin does not depend on a single centralized exchange and there are in fact multiple exchanges operating then and now, including person to person exchange.  Disingenuously fails to mention that Bitcoin exchanges are totally separate from the core Bitcoin system, which has no single point of failure and is working just fine.
Asserts that, in the context of a 'regional currency', "a deliberately regional closing-off impeded inter-regional trade... this closing-off not only inflicts self-damage, but also harms potential commercial partners, whom you deprive of opportunities to grow", yet fails to carry that some logic over to the Euro, which is regionalized to Europe.  According to his own logic, Bitcoin, which knows no borders except the internet and works the same for anyone in any country and does not exclude anyone from "inter-regional trade" and "opportunities to grow", should have an advantage over the regionalized Euro for international trade.
Apparently fails to understand that Bitcoin, like cash, "has the advantage of settling the invoice immediately, and no information about the creditworthiness of the contracting party needs to be obtained."  This differentiates Bitcoin from any other international electronic currency/payment system that has ever existed.
@_date: 2014-08-10 10:39:28
I admit I did not read the entire article yesterday, but I've read it now and I still disagree.  
Sherman vs United States: "To determine whether entrapment has been established, a line must be drawn between the trap for the unwary innocent and the trap for the unwary criminal".  OP is clearly the unwary innocent.


OP is an otherwise innocent person selling his own legal property, exactly the same way someone sells a fridge on craigslist.  Officer concocts a stolen credit card fraud ring which is entirely the product of the creative activity of law enforcement.  OP had no predisposition to commit a crime.  IANAL but this seems indistinguishable from Sorrells v. United States in my opinion.
@_date: 2014-06-17 14:06:48
Unfortunately it is possible because instead of individuals mining with their own equipment that they control and can point to the pool of their choice at will, many have given companies like cex.io money in return for hashing contracts.  Cex.io then uses that money to buy equipment that is owned by cex.io.  Cex.io can then do whatever they want with the equipment they own including hiding it by hashing at other pools.
The way to keep Bitcoin decentralized is to maintain control of your own equipment so that you have the option of punishing misbehaving pools.  Anyone who buys a mining contract with any company is giving control away and working against decentralization.
@_date: 2014-02-21 11:22:10
Looks good.  The more p2pool nodes the better.
@_date: 2014-03-07 01:45:00
@_date: 2014-12-12 18:03:36


I don't think there is consensus about that.
One problem with biometrics is that you can never change them.  What if your fingerprint or whatever gets compromised?  You cannot reset your fingerprints like a password, and you cannot generate new ones like you can with private keys.
Biometric ID would have the same problems as credit card numbers.  The information cannot be kept totally secret the way a private key can.  A person sheds their biometric information everywhere they go.  How many databases will have a copy of your biometric information and will they keep it secure?  We are right back to a trust based model.
Apple's Touch ID was hacked within days:
@_date: 2014-01-26 01:27:36
The point of Bitcoin is that it is decentralized.  It is not controlled by any company.  Any coin issued by a company would be controlled by that company.  They could devalue the currency at will by creating as much as they want.  They could perform chargebacks, they could freeze accounts.  The important idea behind Bitcoin is the decentralized ledger.  With Bitcoin, no one can arbitrarily create more, no one can perform chargebacks, no one can freeze funds.  Amazon coins and the like are basically just virtual gift cards.  Their purpose would be to create brand loyalty for the issuer.  They do not compete with a decentralized currency like Bitcoin, which is meant to empower the user, not a central issuer.
@_date: 2014-03-04 16:35:29
They are not making their own exchange.  They are selling access to software that allows a person to trade on ~~multiple exchanges under one dashboard~~ Bitstamp.
EDIT:  I guess it's just an advanced interface for Bitstamp
@_date: 2014-06-13 16:00:16
Well done OP.  The more individuals mine with their own equipment, the healthier Bitcoin will be.
@_date: 2014-04-24 18:25:23
Worth a read.  Article contains actual description of how DarkMarket works.
@_date: 2014-06-24 12:55:30


A centralized Fedcoin could never utilize the advantages of *de*centralization.  The point of mining is to prevent any one party from arbitrarily manipulating the ledger, while at the same time issuing the currency on a predictable schedule.  The Fed does not want to be bound by a mathematical schedule.  They want to be able to issue currency on a whim.  Likewise, the Fed/banks do not want a coin in which individual users have control of their own money that cannot be frozen.  They like the status quo, in which they are in charge of defining how many dollars exist and are (or are not) available for withdrawal.  
Fedcoin may become a thing some day, but it will not be a threat to Bitcoin because it cannot offer the advantages that a decentralized system offers to users.  Bitcoin works the same for every person in every country.
@_date: 2014-04-25 16:25:32
Critics of Bitcoin sometimes argue that advanced banking transfer systems such as the one in the UK allow instant irreversible payment and therefore Bitcoin has little value.  However, as the article shows, bank transfers in the UK are not actually irreversible.  This is because the bank has full control over their centralized ledger and can alter it (reverse payments) at will.  Bitcoin payments rely on a decentralized ledger, so no party can reverse a bitcoin payment.
Of course, even if the UK bank transfer was actually irreversible, it would still only work within the UK banking system.  Bitcoin works in (and between) any country the internet reaches.
@_date: 2014-01-18 17:02:46


Yes, it seems you already have the answer.
Hardware manufacture is a business.  Mining Bitcoins is a different business.  Some people want to mine bitcoins but can't build the equipment themselves.  Therefore hardware manufacturers create products that miners want to buy.  
Despite what some seem to believe, mining bitcoins does not guarantee risk free money to anyone, including a theoretical company that builds and mines with its own ASICs.  It takes time to make back your hardware investment, and there are costs like electricity, cooling, and time.  There is risk because the price of bitcoin in the future is unknown, and the mining difficulty of the future is unknown.
ASIC manufacturers may not want to be in the mining business.  They are in the hardware business.  Maybe they don't think the potential profit from mining bitcoins is worth bearing the cost of building the equipment.  Maybe they want nothing to do with bitcoins at all.  Miners, on the other hand, do feel the potential profit from mining is worth the up front cost.
There is no guarantee that mining will be profitable, and there is no guarantee that mining will be unprofitable.  Whether you mine or not depends on your beliefs about the unknowable future.
@_date: 2014-08-18 10:58:49
You're being down voted because cash cannot be sent over the internet.  The article is not comparing Bitcoin to cash.  It's comparing Bitcoin to the online financial services that are inaccessible to common people in the Philippines because of the contrived exclusionary policies of the legacy banking system.
@_date: 2014-07-27 12:45:25
Yeah, he didn't really emphasize the fact that Bitcoin allows a movie studio to stream movies to every country on the planet and accept payment in a way that bypasses the complicated banking infrastructures of every country and it's impossible for anyone to scam them with charge-backs.  That's the angle I would have taken.
@_date: 2014-02-05 15:07:04
Nice breakdown.  These results illustrate the promise of Bitcoin in online retail.
Percentage of orders using Bitcoin:  5%
Percentage of Bitcoin orders lost to fraud:  0%
I'm thinking that this point will be driven home when Overstock and TigerDirect release similar numbers six months from now.  Retailers will eventually start realizing that no matter how many orders they take with Bitcoin, the fraud rate remains at 0%.  They will then be motivated to encourage customers to pay with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-11-18 00:15:17
Yes, Coinbase has total control of your private keys and you do not.  Holding bitcoins in Coinbase is exactly like holding dollars in a banks account.  Coinbase can prevent you from withdrawing your coins if they decide to.  If you instead hold bitcoins in the Bitcoin Core client or Multibit, you control your own private keys and no one but you controls your money.
Coinbase is relatively 'safe' in the sense that they are not likely to disappear overnight with your money.  Their identities are known and they are funded by famous venture capitalists.  However they are potentially unsafe in that they do control your coins and could prevent you from accessing them due to technical difficulties or legal action.
To experience the true power of Bitcoin, you should consider retaining control of your own private keys.
@_date: 2014-09-02 11:20:44
Data center farms have to pay employees, cooling costs, and rent.  Home miners have none of those costs.
@_date: 2014-12-15 00:35:00
Circle let's you buy instantly with a credit card.
@_date: 2014-12-08 15:51:09


Anyone who has previously acquired bitcoins by the methods I outlined.
Trading bitcoins in person is no more dangerous than trading any other product in person.  Accepting payment with bitcoins is no more dangerous than accepting payment with any other method.
@_date: 2014-12-13 17:19:43
Agree that merchants will benefit more from Bitcoin if they pass the savings on to the customer and the sooner they do that, the better.  Disagree that "We don't have a lot of time" and "nobody's ever going to use it".  Don't you know they've been saying that all along?  Yet Bitcoin has come this far.  
Apple Pay is a product offered by a company that can fail.  Apple Pay needs artificial incentives because it offers no real benefits over the existing system.  Bitcoin is money that works on the internet.  It is not the product of some company on which the plug can be pulled.  Bitcoin's unique properties make it useful as money and those properties are not going to expire.  Bitcoin has no shareholders, no quarterly reports, no deadlines.  Bitcoin does not need to capture some arbitrary percentage of market penetration in some arbitrary time period or else 'fail'.  Bitcoin got this far because it is useful as money on the internet, and that is why it will continue to be used by individuals and businesses who want to send and receive money on the internet.  Apple Pay and other wrappings around the legacy banking system cannot compete with the the functionality that Bitcoin enables.
@_date: 2014-12-28 20:54:20
Nothing has been 'rejected'.  Older versions are still compatible with the latest version so it is not necessarily urgent to upgrade.  It's healthy for the network to have a certain amount of diversity in node software versions.  If a bug were present in the latest version, it would be advantageous to find out before 100% of the network was running it in production.  
@_date: 2014-07-17 10:46:47


That is not a solution.  They would still control the actual equipment and therefore control the hashpower.  They could still use it in a malicious way at any time.  In fact, IMO that situation would be worse, because it amounts to misrepresenting how high of a percentage they have.
@_date: 2014-12-14 01:36:00
@_date: 2014-04-23 15:13:07
The standard client used to include a miner.  Even today, anyone can mine on a PC if they choose to.  The issue is that your PC's CPU is not powerful enough to mine profitably anymore, since so many GPUs and ASICs have driven the difficulty very high.  So if you choose to mine on your PC, you will use a lot of electricity but not get very much Bitcoin.  
You would, however, be contributing to the decentralization of the network in a very small way.
@_date: 2014-06-17 22:33:15
Right you are.  I must have been thinking of block 210,000 when the block reward halved.  
@_date: 2014-03-06 13:37:50
Using BitcoinQT and Bitcoin Wallet for Android, I have never seen a transaction take more than 2 or 3 seconds to appear.
Usually when you drill down, it turns out that either the sender or the receiver was using a web wallet.  Web wallets depend on a relatively small number of specific third party servers running code external to Bitcoin, which sometimes experience delays or overloads while they are batching transactions or whatever it is they do on their centralized back end.
These supposed problems with POS are theoretical.  Bitpay has confirmed that as of now, they do not have a problem with fraudulent double spends. Compare this with the huge problem of credit card payment fraud. 
IF zero conf double spends become an actual problem in the future, no doubt techniques to mitigate it will be developed.  In the meantime, saying that Bitcoin is 'not suitable' for POS transactions is just plain wrong.  It's being used today in the real world, and it works just fine.
@_date: 2014-06-18 14:22:33
Great interview.
@_date: 2014-02-13 01:20:38
@_date: 2014-01-07 02:41:23
It's both.  There will continue to be individuals if and only if individuals continue to chose to participate.  That's what I'm advocating.  Otherwise, it will just be the enterprises and before you know it they are going to start looking a lot like Paypal, refusing to process certain transactions for our own good.
The extent to which we, the users, can protest this type of future bad behavior is the extent to which we are mining.  Otherwise, we have no voice.
@_date: 2014-01-08 14:30:17
Currently BFL singles.  But the KNC equipment is even more efficient and profitable.
@_date: 2014-04-23 14:02:41
Should the gradual decline from June 2011 to November 2011 have worried you?  Or was it a buying opportunity?
Should the gradual decline from April 2013 to October 2013 have worried you?  Or was it a buying opportunity?
@_date: 2014-06-19 21:28:47
I feel like it needs to be pointed out that the author of this article is the same guy who called "the end of Bitcoin" in June 2011.
@_date: 2014-08-28 11:18:24


As I said, that statement is not true in all time frames and only a fool would rely on an assumption like that.  Bitcoin has not been appreciating lately.  Bitcoin is down 50% since November.  The money I spent on mining rigs is increasing the quantity of bitcoins I own no matter what the dollar price.    The bitcoins you are holding do not increase in quantity on their own without more investment.  My mining rigs add to my quantity of coins at a discount from the market price.  You have made a foolish assumption that the price of bitcoin will always rise.  I've been mining since 2011.  I have not been completely screwed by any price action.  
I know mining is profitable because I and many others are profiting from it.  Whether or not buying and holding would be more profitable or not does not change the fact that mining is profitable.  Your imaginary scenarios do not change my actual experience.
@_date: 2014-12-15 22:00:04
$3 million chargeback free
@_date: 2014-01-18 13:44:42
Alex Winter, director of the excellent Napster documentary *Downloaded*, is making a documentary about Bitcoin and the Deep Web.  
@_date: 2014-02-12 23:20:37
Because you can't send $X over the internet without a trusted third party.
@_date: 2014-05-24 22:45:39
Because mining with the latest equipment is profitable, despite what some miners would like you to believe.  Also, larger miners are planning on providing various premium services related to transaction processing to Bitcoin businesses.  
@_date: 2014-06-18 12:34:19
I love to see Bitcoin companies getting funded outside the US.  A huge strength of Bitcoin is that any person in any country can use it at will.  Companies like BitPagos are getting the fire started.
@_date: 2014-03-09 17:23:42
Google Wave was a just a website.  Of course the article does not actually mention Google Wave, because no one was actually excited about Google Wave except Google.  No one has stories of how when they first used Google Wave, they were blown away by how it changed everything, the same way they were when they first used the internet or email or napster.  Google Wave never overcame set backs that critics were sure would kill it, but in fact did not.  Google Wave was not decentralized, and did not make it possible for any person from any country to transact over the internet at will without the permission of any third party.  
The existence of web wallets does not reduce any of the freedoms that Bitcoin makes possible for everyone who chooses to use it as it was intended.  The only people stuck in the centralized banking paradigm are the ones who choose to cede their freedoms to a centralized wallet provider.  The rest of us can transact over the internet at will.  This is not possible using the legacy banking system.
@_date: 2014-11-12 12:08:40
Does it let any person be in complete control of their own money, and send money to any other person in any country in any amount, practically instantly and practically free?  If not, it does not compete with Bitcoin.
The nature of any product offered by any bank is that it is limited by the reach of the bank.  A person needs an account with the bank before he can transact.  Bitcoin requires no relationship with any institution.  Any person with internet access can choose to use Bitcoin at will.
@_date: 2014-08-18 22:14:17
Cash cannot be sent over the internet person to person.  Banks must be inserted in the middle.  Banks send digital IOUs for cash that must be honored by another bank at the receiving end. Bitcoins are sent person to person over the internet at will, the same way you hand someone a 10 dollar bill.  There is no bank in the middle. The banking system does not and can not offer a comparable service, because a bank by its very nature is a third party middle man between the transactors.  Every bank has exclusionary policies.  Why do you think they make you give them all of your personal information?  So they can decide whether or not you are "good" or "bad" and are allowed to transact or not.  Anyone with internet access can use Bitcoin, full stop.  There is no exclusion.  Like cash, Bitcoin works for everyone in every country and does not require a bank.  Unlike cash, Bitcoin can be sent person to person over the internet.
@_date: 2014-06-15 19:20:10
You can buy anything on Overstock or TigerDirect
@_date: 2014-06-27 13:36:10
I don't think there is a link to the actual auction if that's what you mean.  
Bloomberg.com/tv streams Bloomberg all day, I assume that is where Water's bid will occur.  Doesn't say if he is going to reveal the price he is bidding or not. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 19:17:52
In person - with Bitcoin, you don't have to sign anything, and you don't have to count change.
Online, there is no contest, especially if you are purchasing a digital good like an mp3.  With Bitcoin, you don't have to enter a credit card number.  There is no billing address.  You zip code is irrelevant.  Your name is irrelevant.  If the merchant does it right, you don't even need to create an account.  The merchant doesn't need any information about you.  All he needs is your Bitcoin.  Scan QR.  Hit send.  Done.
Depending on what country you are in and what country the merchant is in, Bitcoin might not just be easier.  It might be the only option you have to transact with each other.
@_date: 2014-02-11 14:04:10


This application highlights the strengths of Bitcoin as irreversible payment mechanism.  The fund can potentially receive Bitcoin deposits from any country in world, with confidence that the Bitcoin deposits they receive are final.
@_date: 2014-11-08 13:48:23
You can donate directly to every relay operator who has posted a BTC address on his relay at oniontip.com
@_date: 2014-08-01 11:18:47
Stellar's own website puts it like this:


 &gt;   50% of the total will be distributed to people who sign up for an account.






So Stellar has 'pre-mined' (whether we call it mining or not is irrelevant in this context) 100 Billion Stellars/Ripples.  THEY decide who to give the stellars to.  They *claim* they will follow a certain method, but the truth is they can do whatever they want with the currency they have given themselves.  Like Ripple, Stellar claims that the stellar currency is not that important, but in reality their entire business model depends on the value of stellars appreciating.
Notice how they said it will be distributed 'as quickly as we can manage'.  This statement shows the single, centralized point of failure in the distribution mechanism that is the Stellar company.  Truly decentralized systems like Bitcoin have no central points of failure.  Distribution of bitcoins is based on mathematical proof of work, not arbitrary decisions made by humans working for a company.
@_date: 2014-06-16 13:58:16
It's still false.  The advantage of a decentralized ledger is to prevent arbitrary manipulation  by *anyone*, be it a company, bank, government, or individual.  Without a decentralized ledger, the central entity in control of the ledger can refuse to process transactions, like Visa did for Wikileaks, or perform a chargeback on a payment you have received, which happens every day with credit cards.  This sort of arbitrary manipulation cannot happen as long as the Bitcoin network remains decentralized.  
@_date: 2014-06-18 13:05:10
Not at all.  The point of Bitcoin is that everyone is treated equally no matter your background, age, credit score, etc.  Anyone can use Bitcoin.  Anyone can be a Bitcoin miner, help to decentralize / secure the network, and participate in the Bitcoin economy.  
13 year old kids might not have their own credit card to buy stuff on online.  But anyone mining with a (hopefully cheap) second hand BFL single can get a few mBTC to make purchases from Overstock, TigerDirect, Gyft, etc.  It might not be very profitable, but if it allows them to convert dollars to something they can use to transact online, it might be worth it to them.  Plus mining is fun :)
@_date: 2014-12-24 15:12:26
It's no worse than their current situation.  If they have no access to banking then any savings they have are kept at home where they can be stolen.  Both physical money and Bitcoin can be stolen, but Bitcoin can be used to transact electronically with any person or company on the planet, whereas physical money cannot.
@_date: 2014-12-11 14:42:42
Funny, it says "Money added to your Microsoft account using Bitcoin cannot be refunded" but then below it says 


*Your refund receiving Bitcoin address
*Blockchain transaction ID/URL
*Transaction details including amount, date, sending address, and receiving address
That seems to imply that what they meant was the Bitcoin transaction cannot be *reversed*.  Obviously, refunds can always be given at the discretion of the receiving party.
@_date: 2014-10-17 18:12:44
Thanks, fixed
@_date: 2014-01-18 13:32:05
It's not all about fees.  It's about the freedom to have control of your own money, and to send that money to anyone, in any country, in any amount, at any time, practically instantly, and (yes) practically free.  It's about having money that no centralized issuer can arbitrarily print more of, and no government can 'freeze' with one phone call to a bank whether or not you've been convicted of a crime.
In practice, retailers will probably offer discounts to customers who purchase with bitcoins.  They can afford to do this because accepting bitcoins is cheaper for them than credit cards, and they can pass the savings on to the customer and still come out ahead.  Merchants are further incentivized to do this because they know that once a customer has paid them in bitcoins, the customer is unable to do a fraudulent chargeback.  Chargebacks cost merchants billions of dollars a year.  
@_date: 2014-07-07 10:11:32
Ask yourself this: do you want someone else to be able to reverse a transaction *sent to you*?  
Reversible money is not money.  If I hand you a twenty dollar bill, and you put it in your wallet, it stays there.  I cannot decide that I made a 'mistake' and magically remove that twenty from your wallet and back into mine the next day.  
Bitcoin works the same way.  Bitcoin is the only form of electronic money that works like physical money.  Once you have it, you have it, and no one can take it away from you against your will.  If you want reversibility, use a credit card.  If you want money you can trust not to be taken away from you, use Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-06 19:55:22
You don't have to wait.  Bitpay accepts payment on zero confirmations and has stated that they have never been a victim of a double spend attack.  Sure it's possible, but not likely, and probably not worth worrying about for a two dollar download.  The risk is no worse than the risk of a credit card chargeback, which can happen weeks or months after the purchase.
Bitcoin is an option in every country with internet access.  This is more countries than Paypal or any other payment method.
@_date: 2014-08-09 14:32:20
Paypal does not have 'worldwide acceptance'.  This is one of the reasons so many online businesses are now accepting Bitcoin for payment.  Wordpress put it best:




@_date: 2014-08-03 17:13:23
The first thing you should do is uncheck 'Connect through SOCKS proxy' if it was unchecked originally.  This should get your bitcoin client reconnected to the network.
Then, if you want to make your node connectable to more nodes on the network, you can configure port forwarding of port 8333 on your router.  The exact details depend on your router and network.  This link may be helpful:
@_date: 2014-03-07 02:36:02
It's a big world out there.  Most people have never heard of Bitcoin and for those who have, most think that it 'crashed' and that the CEO was arrested.
So yeah, it's well within the realm of possibility that a 64 year old might not have heard of it.
@_date: 2014-03-14 17:29:26
Ah.  My mistake.
@_date: 2014-06-25 22:00:26
Great discussion!  It looks like Matt Miller has officially fallen down the rabbit hole.
Edit:  They also discuss the Western Union CEO's comments
@_date: 2014-01-06 18:28:33
Dude you just sent $100 to Botswana!  
And Bitcoin gives anyone on the planet the power to do this.  I never get tired of how rad that is.
@_date: 2014-02-21 01:57:05
Good explanation of why Bitcoin is fundamentally different from any network/currency/payment system/thing that has come before.  
@_date: 2014-04-25 13:46:58
[Walmart's actual fee structure]( shows that for a transfer of up to $50, consumer will pay *at least* 9%.
To send $51, it will cost $9.50, or 18.6%.
To send $100: 9.5%
To send $500: 1.9%
It's only when you do a $900 transfer that the price approaches 1%.  And of course it's only "available for domestic transfers up to $900".  So it doesn't work internationally or for large amounts.  
@_date: 2014-02-05 19:06:48
Awesome!  Especially the locker idea.  So the result is a potentially "crowd funded" ATM that doesn't necessarily need to be linked to any online exchange account.  Sort of time-shifting for person-to-person bitcoin exchange.  Cool project.
@_date: 2014-03-11 14:58:48


This is the correct way to approach Bitcoin.  Skynet is hyperbole, but the article is worth a read.
@_date: 2014-12-28 14:09:30
There's not really much to test.  It's a bank account you access with your cell phone.  There is no consensus algorithm, no user controlled private keys.  No one is in control of their own money like they are with Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2014-04-24 18:07:15
Yes.  For the merchant they are just accepting Mastercard with all of the limitations and costs that implies while knowing nothing about Bitcoin.
On the one hand, attaching a credit card to Bitcoin is a lot like getting one of those newfangled automobiles and then hitching it to a horse.  The whole point of Bitcoin is that neither the customer nor the merchant need banking relationships to facilitate the transaction.  
On the other hand, this could have remittance applications.  Alice is in country A, Bob is in country B.  Alice funds Bob's Xapo account with bitcoins.  Bob can easily spend the funds using his Mastercard.  How cost effective this will be depends on Xapo's fee structure and exchange rates.
@_date: 2014-01-30 15:47:49
Bobby Lee states they are taking the opportunity to roll out the new system during a time that trade volume is expected to be low.  It makes perfect sense.
@_date: 2014-01-06 01:26:48
CampBX now supports ACH.  It costs $2 though.
@_date: 2014-02-27 13:42:18
Good article by Jon Matonis.




@_date: 2014-04-30 15:22:54
Can confirm the Lamassu machine is quick and absolutely painless.  Used one in San Jose.  
@_date: 2014-02-09 15:38:46
This question is like asking "If all I want to do is type a letter, why would I buy an expensive computer when I already have a typewriter?"
Well maybe you wouldn't.  Nonetheless there are about a million other things a computer is also good for that are impossible for a typewriter.
If you use Bitcoin, you now have complete control over your own funds.  You can send your money in any amount to any one, in any country, at will, without the permission of any central third party.  If you want to purchase a printer, you can do that.  If you want to send money to your grandmother in Azerbaijan, you can do that.  If you want to *accept payment* from customers in Nigeria, or any other country in the world with internet access, you can do that.  If you want to have a "savings account" stored only in your brain that is not vulnerable to bail-ins, bail-outs, bank failures, or a random corporation's TOS, you can do that.  And these applications are only what we can already do today.  This doesn't even get into smart contracts and distributed autonomous corporations and other future applications.
Bitcoin allows any person in any country with internet access to have complete control over their own money, plus order printers online.  
@_date: 2014-01-06 01:12:52
It depends on what you want.  Both are legitimate companies.  CampBX is an exchange proper, meaning you can see the order book, set your exact price with a limit order or buy at market price with a market order.
Coinbase is more of a retail experience.  They tell you the price, and you buy or not.  Coinbase then handles the details for you (essentially they buy your coins on a proper exchange so you don't have to worry about the details).  With Coinbase there may be a delay before you receive your coins.  Coinbase also acts as a full featured web wallet, if you're into that sort of thing.
@_date: 2014-08-19 11:07:12


That is not what 'at will' means.  You are asking the bank to transfer your money.  You are not transferring it yourself.  You need them to transfer it for you.  


Bitcoin companies are not Bitcoin.  Bitcoin is an open source peer to peer decentralized network that anyone with internet access can use.  No personal info or ID is required to use, send, or receive bitcoins.
The requirement to be on the internet to use Bitcoin is a technological requirement, not a contrived and exclusionary policy arbitrarily created by a gatekeeper.  For example, "You live in the wrong country, therefore I cannot provide you service X", when there is no technical reason I cannot provide you service X, is a contrived and exclusionary policy.  Some Bitcoin companies have adopted exclusionary policies, due the current reality that they must interact with the legacy banking system.  But Bitcoin itself, the open source peer to peer decentralized network that anyone on the internet can use, is not exclusionary.  
@_date: 2014-04-24 21:39:24
Anyone can accept Bitcoin over the internet by default without a payment processor by using the native open source Bitcoin software.  However there are companies that offer various custom payment processing services for Bitcoin, like Bitpay and Coinbase.  
@_date: 2014-08-08 00:58:22
Good stuff!  I'm also anticipating the charts that show percentages of profit lost to charge-backs with each payment method.
@_date: 2014-04-24 21:04:00
Unlike Bitcoin which can be used by anyone at will, credit cards can only be used with the permission of the issuing bank.  Coinbase needs to convince MasterCard to do business with them (and accept any terms MasterCard imposes) before they can accept payment via MasterCard.
@_date: 2014-09-10 00:58:07
Money is not identity based.  The whole point of money, for example a silver coin, is that it can be given to anyone and received by anyone, and its utility can be relied upon to be the same for everyone.  Once you tie identity to money, it stops being money and it becomes something less than money.  Shackling a silver coin to a driver's license and a reputation is pointless and slows down commerce.  Bitcoin has nothing to justify.  Bitcoin works the same as other money.
@_date: 2014-06-16 17:29:09
My feeling is that if the US (for example) comes to the conclusion that Bitcoin is a threat to the dollar's reserve currency status, then China and Russia would also come to the same conclusion.  If the US is going to try to destroy Bitcoin, then China and Russia might decide it would be better for China and Russia if Bitcoin is not destroyed but remain to threaten the dollar.  Therefore China and Russia would mine to prevent the US from achieving a mining majority.  China and Russia might even try to achieve a mining majority themselves.  Other sovereigns could also participate.  How much of the budget would each country be willing to spend on this Bitcoin thing?  Maybe a lot.  Maybe nothing.  Who knows.  I'm just saying that if one country thinks it's worth it to attack (or preserve) Bitcoin, then the other countries are likely to come to the same conclusion and act to counter it for their own political or economic purposes.  From that perspective, countries are just like any other miners, except bigger and better funded.
@_date: 2014-12-28 15:23:43
Only if your definition of 'digital money' is so broad as to be essentially meaningless.  By 'digital money', you mean paying with a cell phone?  Because that's the only thing that this system has in common with Bitcoin.
If I have physical money, I can give that money to any person without permission from any third party.  I can receive physical money from any person without permission from any third party.  I do not need any relationship or account with any bank or company.  Digital Money, Bitcoin, works the same way.  This "E-Peso" product is not digital money.  This product is a bank account that is accessed via cell phone, exactly like Paypal, Apple Pay, M-Pesa, etc.  
Digital money, Bitcoin, can be used for anything a programmer can describe in source code, and it works anywhere the internet reaches.  Paypal, Apple Pay, M-Pesa, and Ecuadorian mobile money can only be used by individuals who have specific relationships with various companies, banks, and governments, and they can only be used for purposes that these companies, banks and governments have specifically approved of in advance.  
Bitcoin can do anything that physical money can do.  These other types of 'digital money' cannot.  In my opinion it is important for people to understand these differences.  None of these products offered by companies can do what Bitcoin does, and putting them in the same category is misleading.
@_date: 2014-09-12 08:49:38
I forget the exact title, but yes it's about the deepweb and its social and economic implications.  From his statements it seems like Bitcoin plays a large role in the narrative.
EDIT:  Apparently the title is "Deep Web: The Untold Story of Bitcoin and The Silk Road"
@_date: 2014-07-30 02:39:34
The code is free and open source, meaning any programmer on the planet can read the code at will and see exactly what it is doing.  No dev(s) can force anyone else to run evil code.  
@_date: 2014-08-03 16:58:23
The setting you are looking for is in your router and is usually called 'port forwarding'.  
@_date: 2014-12-28 03:35:31
So it seems this is like M-Pesa, which is just a bank account that is accessed via mobile phone.  It is nothing like Bitcoin and will not have the benefits of Bitcoin or blockchain technology.  It requires registration so anyone can be excluded at the whim of the government.  It will not work across borders, your money can be frozen at any time, etc.
@_date: 2014-07-31 22:07:59
The money is issued by a company who decides who to give the money to.  
@_date: 2014-02-03 12:44:57
Where it came from is irrelevant.  The computer code that runs Bitcoin is open source, meaning any member of the public can read it and see exactly how it works.  Any member of the public can test Bitcoin to see that it does exactly what it says it does.  
Bitcoin is essentially math.  Does it matter who discovered the formula to determine the volume of a sphere?  No, because anyone can perform the calculations themselves and verify that the formula works.  Bitcoin works the same way.
@_date: 2014-08-08 10:54:02
Mining to a Tor hidden service like the one offered by Eligius would prevent this, since Tor traffic is encrypted.
@_date: 2014-03-12 14:37:47
Non-paywalled info:
@_date: 2014-09-14 03:40:42
Bitcoin can be used directly to pay for goods and services and to accept payment for goods and services.  Bitcoin requires no interaction with the banking system.  That's the point of it.  


Bitcoin is off their ledger.  So is physical gold, silver, and labor.  All of these can be traded for bitcoins.


Not really.  What is cash a receipt for?  Cash is redeemable for nothing.  Cash is the money.  It has value because the transactors believe it has value.  Cash can be used between peers with no bank interaction.  Cash can be traded for bitcoins with no bank interaction.  The bank cannot remove cash from my wallet using their ledger.
@_date: 2014-12-12 13:55:28
The important thing about Bitcoin is that it is decentralized.  That means no one can arbitrarily change the rules, even the government.  If the government can change the rules by creating money at will or freezing funds, it defeats the entire purpose of relying on math based rules.  
The point of having a blockchain is that it keeps all participants 'honest' by ensuring that all participants in the system follow the same rules.  No one would trust a blockchain based currency that could be manipulated at will by a central trusted third party.  We already have that with the dollar and other fiat currencies.  Bitcoin works the same for every human in every country.
@_date: 2014-01-17 17:19:35
This article is a pretty good round up of current landscape.
@_date: 2014-08-10 00:57:40
You can sell / give it to someone will free electricity.
@_date: 2014-02-14 14:13:34
Just like MtGox destroyed Bitcoin in June 2011, remember?  And then the blockchain fork destroyed Bitcoin in March 2013.  And then Silk Road closing destroyed Bitcoin on October 2, 2013.  Right before the price doubled.
Day in the life of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-07-26 14:10:16
The point is that with Bitcoin, you no longer have to engage state apparatus to pass money to your heirs.  You can program the money to automatically be delivered to them and you don't need any bank to do so. 
@_date: 2014-08-01 22:33:38
Data Center Knowledge has a number of good articles about mining farms and how data center providers have to change how they engineer the sites to accommodate them.  Cool stuff.
@_date: 2014-12-27 13:58:04
Worth watching.  Speaker seems sincere but he's obviously not clear on what Bitcoin is.


Coins being stolen from insecure third party banks like Mt. Gox has nothing to do with the security of Bitcoin.  Bitcoins are exactly as secure as we always knew they were.


He goes on to describe that the central bank makes money on seigniorage. This is the key reason why the benefits Bitcoin brings to everyone who uses it will never transfer over to a copycat currency created by a government, bank or company.  Because at the end of the day, the government, bank or company that creates 'their own' bitcoin will have to make money at the expense of the other users of the currency.  They will design any such currency to allow themselves to manipulate it at will to their own advantage.
Bitcoin, in contrast, works the same for everyone who uses it.  Everyone who uses Bitcoin has to follow the same rules.  No bank or company is ever going to create a currency that puts itself on an equal playing field as everyone else.  That's why Bitcoin was created in the first place.
@_date: 2014-10-21 21:53:18
Yes, congrats!  You can verify your node is reachable by others by finding it on this world map of nodes:
@_date: 2014-03-12 12:32:20
This article is a great showpiece of how companies who do business internationally are starting to benefit from using Bitcoin.








Suppliers in any country can receive bitcoins an be confident that the payment is final within an hour or so.  Legacy banking payments only work at the speed of the third parties that they depend on.  
Great article.
@_date: 2014-03-07 15:11:44
This article seems like a pretty reasonable representation of the facts.  
@_date: 2014-12-05 13:58:53
Good article.   Mastercard and others assert lack of identity is a negative but they never consider the consumer protection that comes from never giving away your personal information in the first place.




@_date: 2014-04-21 14:00:32


So the store has the ability to take money out of my wallet from 50 meters away even when my phone is locked?  No thanks.  One of the beauties of Bitcoin is that no one can take money from me without my express intervention.
I like QR codes.  They work on any device that has a camera which allows for the widest user base possible (think the emerging third world).  Their optical nature allows a person to accept payment easily even if he has no electronics on him whatsoever, by printing as many QRs as he wants on a piece of paper, a t-shirt, a photo, or even flashing it over a video conference.  You can't do any of that with Bluetooth or NFC.
@_date: 2014-06-17 12:39:17
The difficulty is not arbitrarily high.  It increases with the amount of computing power that individuals contribute to the network.  This is necessary to ensure that only one block of new bitcoins is issued every ten minutes.  If the difficulty did not rise with computing power, all of the bitcoins would have been mined years ago.  The rising difficulty spreads out the issuance of the money to different individuals who see the value of the system (or the chance to profit) and choose to participate.
Check out the Bitcoin wiki: 




and the Bitcoin whitepaper:
@_date: 2014-05-16 16:30:25
Yes.  The Coinbase company controls the private keys that control bitcoins stored in Coinbase wallets.  They can be legally compelled to revoke your access to bitcoins held in their accounts.
To avoid Cyprus style seizures of bitcoins, you can keep your coins in a wallet that you and only you possess the private keys to.  This can be accomplished using the Bitcoin Core client or the Armory client.  This is one of the key features of Bitcoin that differentiate it from any other type of electronic money.  You can choose to take control of your own funds without needing to trust any third party bank or service to act responsibly with your funds.
@_date: 2014-04-22 01:09:39
Apple will not release a decentralized currency that competes with Bitcoin, because if it were decentralized it would be out of Apple's control.  If it were centralized, you would have to trust Apple not to freeze your funds or manipulate the money supply, therefore it would not have the benefits of Bitcoin.
No company's centralized solution can ever provide the benefits of decentralization.  That's what is so revolutionary about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-05-21 23:28:05
Extremely misleading title.  Their are no quotes in the article where the professor mentions Bitcoin.  There is a somewhat more clear article in Fortune [here](  He seems to be talking about a hypothetical government issued, mandated and controlled digital currency, the point of which would be to do away with cash and coins.




What the article describes is the exact opposite of Bitcoin.  Bitcoin does NOT have to be stored in a bank or other financial institution.  That's the beauty of it and what makes it so uniquely useful.  Bitcoin is the first digital money that can be completely under the user's control with no intermediary bank.
@_date: 2014-10-05 13:57:22
Apparently it wasn't successful enough, since the interviewer is still asking Steve Jobs why regular people should spend $3000 for a home computer in 1985.
@_date: 2014-05-21 23:36:29
It's no different than being paid in cash.  Actually, being paid in Bitcoin is more traceable than cash because the blockchain has a record of all transactions.
@_date: 2014-12-11 18:06:20
You won't make money with a regular computer.  However, with free electricity there is a chance you could eventually make a little bit of money if you purchased an ASIC specifically built to mine.  For example Antminer S1's can be bought on ebay for about $70.  You would point it at a mining pool like BTCGuild or Slush.  Don't do this until you research it bit and understand the assumptions you are making about future price and difficulty.  The calculator at bitcoinwisdom.com might be useful.  At today's price and difficulty, an S1 would get you about $5 a week.  Of course the difficulty may rise or fall, and price of BTC may rise or fall, so their are no guarantees.  Mining is unlikely to make you rich, but if you want to play with the tech and get some coin to spend, you might find it enjoyable.
@_date: 2014-04-25 11:52:07
That's the line the critics keep pushing.  Actual merchants who actually accept Bitcoin say the cost benefit is real.  
@_date: 2014-12-11 16:43:49


In my opinion that is not the right question.  The right question is why would anyone use Bitcoin for all of the things Bitcoin is useful for?  And the answer is the same as it's always been: *Because Bitcoin enables transactions that are not possible with legacy methods, in addition to the transactions that are possible with legacy methods.*
If you have a Bitcoin wallet, you can accept payment from anyone in any country at will without signing up for any account and without permission from anyone.  You cannot do this with legacy payment methods.  Because you can accept payments at will, you will likely accept payment from someone eventually.  Once you do, you have bitcoins.  Once you have bitcoins, you can do whatever you want with your bitcoins.  If you want to buy an xbox game, you can do that.  If you want to buy a laptop from Dell, you can do that.  If you want to buy sheets on Overstock, you can do that.  If you want to book a trip with Expedia, you can do that.  If you want to walk across a border out of a totalitarian country into a free country without leaving your wealth behind, you can do that.  If you want to send money to your grandmother in Madagascar, you can do that.  If you want to receive money from your grandmother in Madagascar, you can do that.  If you want to write a software program that anyone in any country can activate with a 25 cent payment, you can do that.  If you want to print out a paper wallet for a long term savings account for your kid, you can do that.  If you are a kid and you want to accept payment for the candy you're selling in school, you can do that.  If you're having a garage sale and you want to accept payment electronically, you can do that.
Anyone can choose to use Bitcoin for whatever they want.  Paying Microsoft is not the only thing a person can do with Bitcoin.  It's just one of the many, many things.  Microsoft has just realized this, and as time passes others are realizing it too.  This Microsoft thing is just the latest evidence of the ongoing Bitcoin network effect.
@_date: 2014-09-14 02:12:37
Whether or not reversibility is good depends on what side of the transaction you are on.  Do you want someone to reverse a payment made to you?  What if the person who paid you the cash in your wallet had the power to reverse that cash out of your wallet and back into theirs, day or weeks after the transaction?  Would you consider that a positive thing?
Cash, which has been used as money for far longer than credit cards, is not reversible.  That's because cash is not a promise to receive money, cash *is* the money.  Bitcoin works the same.  Money is not reversible without the consent of the person who possesses it.  Only promises to pay are reversible.  A credit card is a promise to pay that might not be kept.  When a person reverses a credit card payment, they are breaking their promise to pay. A business who accepts a credit card 'payment' has to wonder if they will actually be paid or if they are going to be stiffed.
Bitcoin is not a promise to pay.  Bitcoin is the money.  Some people and businesses prefer to accept money in exchange for goods and services instead of a promise to pay that might be broken.  You cannot build a chargeback mechanism into money without turning it into something less than money that is controlled by a central arbiter whose permission you need to transact.  If you want a third party arbiter like Paypal to decided whether or not a payment made to you can be reversed, you can still choose to use an escrow service and give that service control of your money.  But with Bitcoin, for the first time in history, you have the choice to transact person to person over the internet without a central arbiter. That's why it's different and that's why it's important.  If Bitcoin were reversible, you never would have heard of it and we wouldn't be here talking about it.  Bitcoin is irreversible because that's how money works.  Bitcoin is money that works over the internet, and if it achieves widespread adoption, it will be for that reason.
@_date: 2014-12-30 13:23:28
@_date: 2014-01-16 19:23:08
There are many brilliant, capable Bitcoin devs and miners with strong opinions that often disagree with one another.  It is unlikely any of them rubber stamp code they do not understand 100%.  If Gavin Andresen tried to slip in a back door, you can bet that Peter Todd would call him on it, and vice versa.  There are billions of dollars at stake.  At this point, multiple devs are now working for competing companies that all have their own interests in keeping Bitcoin secure.  Attempts at obfuscated code trickery are unlikely to make it very far.
@_date: 2014-01-13 12:48:50
Does this mean GoldMoney will be allowing users to trade BTC and gold?  Can you fund and withdraw from GoldMoney with BTC?  That would be ideal.
@_date: 2014-12-02 15:20:25
Worth a read.  I like the below as a explanation of why a company creating 'their own' blockchain would not be the same as the Bitcoin blockchain:




@_date: 2014-08-01 11:28:27
It doesn't sound feasible.  Then again, the six thousand percent rise from 24 months ago didn't sound feasible either.
@_date: 2014-07-09 11:07:07
What I like about this site is that it makes it obvious that there are many, many products that can be bought right now with Bitcoin.  Nice job.
@_date: 2014-01-07 17:05:49
Restocking fee I suppose.  Or you return the BTC equivalent of the dollar amount at the current market price.  As it states in your written policy.
@_date: 2014-12-22 20:04:35
The mining difficulty has risen since 3 months ago.
@_date: 2014-12-04 13:08:28
Sooner or later I think the courts are going to have to decide on the constitutionality of the assumption that citizens are required to divulge their financial activity or else be punished as potential criminals.
When did the voting public sign off on this?  Does the average American really think he should have to justify what he does with his own money?  If a person is guilty of an actual crime, like murder or theft, he should be charged in a court of law and convicted by a jury of his peers.  Otherwise he should be treated as innocent.  This whole "how do we know this money is not for illegal purposes?" attitude seems blatantly unconstitutional.  
@_date: 2014-12-01 12:58:08
With Bitcoin, it is not possible to be charged out of the blue in the first place, because you never give the merchant your private keys.  
@_date: 2014-01-28 15:41:39
Good article.  Puts recent events in perspective.  I hope those attending today's hearings bear these facts in mind.
@_date: 2014-06-19 22:51:03
One of the reasons we are so excited about Bitcoin is that no one needs permission from anyone else to use it.  Any person in any country, with or without a bank account, with or without a credit score, etc.
@_date: 2014-01-15 15:50:12
Good coverage!  Several owners of businesses that accept Bitcoin as payment were interviewed.  Tomcar owner talks about how he pays one of his international parts suppliers in Bitcoin and has saved about $50,000 so far.  Also there is a demo of an operational Lamassu ATM in an Australian coffee shop.
@_date: 2014-12-11 14:23:03


@_date: 2014-06-17 12:47:48
Yes, the difficulty adjusts every ~~2100~~ 2016 blocks (about every two weeks) and it will fall if blocks are taking too long to be found.  This hasn't happened lately because of new, more powerful mining computers combined with the growing popularity of Bitcoin.  The last time the difficulty dropped was January 2013.
@_date: 2014-08-17 12:09:34
Even within the SEPA zone Bitcoin has advantages.  You don't need permission from your bank to use it.  There are no limits on Bitcoin transactions.  Bitcoin requires no forms and no accounts.  You don't have to give up control of your own money to any third party middleman.  This is significant because third party middlemen, even if 'free', introduce a potential point of failure that doesn't need to exist.  
@_date: 2014-01-18 17:00:22
That is a great way of putting it.
@_date: 2014-12-14 03:33:04
The short answer is a usb block erupter is not powerful enough to make you anything at today's difficulty.
For details plug your hashrate and electricity costs into this calculator:
You'll probably be safe setting the difficulty increment down to 3 to 5%, but even at those levels you just don't have enough hash power to make anything.  If you are considering mining to support the network or for a hobby that may or may not make a few bits, consider an Antminer S3 or a Spoondoolies SP20 Jackson.  Those are modern mining machines with competitive hashrates and power efficiency.  They still may never pay off, depending on what happens in the future with Bitcoin price and mining difficulty.
@_date: 2014-10-16 18:15:39
The descriptions of the kind of system they claim they are looking to build sure sounds a lot like Bitcoin; borderless, frictionless, open standards, etc.  
In fact, I don't see how any 'initiative' that depends on traditional bank accounts or centralized companies could be considered borderless, frictionless, or open.  That is the opposite of existing payment systems that rely on secrecy and exclusion as their security models.  These central companies think they should be able to violate the rules of the protocol if they deem it necessary.  With Bitcoin, no one has that ability.  It's hard to see how they could propose a more neutral, globally functional system than Bitcoin already is.
@_date: 2014-09-12 23:50:47
Sorry to hear that.  Did you contact Bitpay so they can verify the payment was made?  Did you send either of the merchants a link to the payment transaction on blockchain.info or insight.is?  It's easy to prove you made a payment with Bitcoin.  Everything is viewable on the public ledger.  I pay for VPSes every month with Bitcoin and have never had a problem with this sort of thing.
@_date: 2014-06-18 13:36:20
Corrected, thanks.  My point is the origin of the customer's BTC does not matter.  Coinbase or Bitpay or BitPagos can convert bitcoins from any source into the fiat bank accounts of the receiving country.
@_date: 2014-03-12 15:10:59


Ridiculous.  No centralized player can ever co-opt the advantages of decentralization.  No one can freeze or reverse your bitcoin payment or tell you that you are not allowed to participate in the Bitcoin network.  These advantages disappear if you are using the digital currency of an 'established player' because that established player has control of the system and can refuse to serve you.  Established players are not going to create a system that does not discriminate against transactors based on country of residence, credit rating, or use case.  Bitcoin allows any person to do anything they want with their own money.
TLDR:  Critics who have been wrong about Bitcoin for three years running are still wrong about Bitcoin for all the same reasons.  Meanwhile, Bitcoin adoption and usage continues to grow.
@_date: 2014-01-25 18:05:49
I think it's worth clarifying that Coinbase is not "Bitcoin".  Coinbase is a company that allows a person to buy and sell bitcoins, and alternately to store bitcoins with Coinbase's online wallet.  If you want to buy/sell bitcoins for dollars or withdraw bitcoins from Coinbase, you need the permission and cooperation of the Coinbase company, just as you would need permission to withdraw dollars from a bank.  
This should not be confused with "Bitcoin".  With native Bitcoin-to-Bitcoin transactions, you don't need a company like Coinbase or a bank to store your own bitcoins.  If you keep your bitcoins on a computer you control, using the Bitcoin-QT client or the like, you have complete control over your own money.  You can send it anywhere, at any time, in any amount, in any country, etc.  You don't need to interact with any company or institution, therefore no one can prevent you from accessing your bitcoins.
Exchanging between bitcoins and fiat is a completely different thing.  If you want to exchange bitcoins online you need to interact with companies and bank accounts.  CampBX and Bitstamp are both legit exchanges.  Once you are verified you should be able to trade higher amounts.
@_date: 2014-04-23 15:51:56


This is an oversimplification.  Pools are made up of many different miners from many countries (at least they used to be and we hope they still are).  In theory, if a pool misbehaves by adopting blacklists or attempting doublespends, individual miners can vote with their hashpower by moving it from the offending pool to a more egalitarian pool.
Of course, this only works if individuals A) keep mining and B) actually control their own equipment as opposed to outsourcing it to large mining farms.  This is why I take every opportunity to encourage anyone who cares about the freedom that decentralization brings to mine with their own equipment if at all possible.  The most worrisome trend, in my opinion, is the consolidation of the actual mining equipment by large mining companies.  This presents a target that can be pressured by the authorities in non-free countries and is a cause for concern.
That said, Bitcoin is still much more decentralized than any other trustless currency / payment network that has every existed.  The way to keep it that way is for as many disparate individuals as possible to run their own nodes and their own miners.
@_date: 2014-02-28 00:33:50
Like Bittorrent, Bitcoin works in every country for all content and you don't need an account.
@_date: 2014-07-31 22:09:52
*They claim* the distribution model *will be* done better.  They are claiming the exact same things that Ripple claimed and failed to deliver.  
@_date: 2014-07-07 00:31:49
This kind of thing is very relevant to this sub.  One of the most interesting aspects of Bitcoin is the ability to control your own money outside of a bank account, which prevents this sort of seizure.
@_date: 2014-04-25 02:05:54
Agreed.  Bitcoin is the only neutral internet payment method that exists.  Every player who chooses to participate does so on equal footing.  No player has veto power or special privileges to the disadvantage of the other players.  Why would the Amazons of the future pay a third party payment intermediary like Facebook or Paypal if they don't have to?  If everyone creates 'their own' system, it will force customers to wrangle multiple payment systems which nobody wants to do and does not scale.  Competitors will not accept each others' systems so they will be of limited usefulness (like Facebook and Amazon have already discovered with their failed 'credits' and 'coins').
Bitcoin is the solution that makes sense.  It allows every entity on the internet to participate and benefit equally from a neutral digital payment technology that is not controlled by any competitor but follows verifiable rules and trades on an open market.  The only other options are to create dozens of inferior walled gardens, or pay rent to someone who controls your money and takes a huge cut.
@_date: 2014-05-09 18:54:55


Critics have been asserting that Bitcoin is doomed for many reasons since the day they heard of it.  So far, the evidence shows the opposite.  The network has been functioning for five years on these principles.  Node operators don't do it just out of goodwill.  They do it because they want to use a trustworthy decentralized monetary system, and they know the only way they can use it is if many disparate individuals choose to participate in maintaining the decentralized network.  Therefore, we choose to participate.  As I stated, the Tor network has been operating on these same principles even longer than Bitcoin, despite the potential legal risks of operating a Tor node and no monetary incentive whatsoever.  Your assertion that the Bitcoin network is doomed to fail unless incentive changes has no basis in fact.
@_date: 2014-10-21 21:06:41
Bitcoin is not a company and any person or merchant can choose to generate a wallet and accept payment to that wallet at will.  No information is 'required' from merchants to use Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2014-11-28 21:28:34
The Antminer S3 exists, performs as advertised, and ships in a timely manner:
The S3 is roughly in same efficiency category as the most advanced currently available miners.  Whether it will still be viable six months from now depends on what happens with the difficulty in the future and what happens with the price in the future.  
@_date: 2014-08-06 10:56:54
Great article!


@_date: 2014-08-17 11:53:57
If you are behind a NAT router\firewall, your default will be 8 connections.  If you forward port 8333 on your router to your PC, you will connect to more peers over time, eventually up to the default max of 125.  This is controlled by the -maxconnections config option.
@_date: 2014-02-21 02:02:29
If some miners become unprofitable and power down ASICs, the bitcoin difficulty will drop, raising the profitability for those still mining.  Seeing that mining is profitable again, more miners will power their ASICs back on, difficulty will rise, etc.  The network difficulty self adjusts based on the time between found blocks.
@_date: 2014-11-19 12:25:46
The argument made by that gentleman from the Cato Institute is the the same argument we've been hearing for years. As always, it completely ignores the reality of the system working this long while critics have been saying it cannot work the whole time.
He ignores the fact that Bitcoin is useful. Mining energy is not 'wasted', it secures the system against attack. Because the thinking, human participants in the system understand that it is useful, we will act in the system's best interest because we want to keep using the system, and we can only use the system if it remains decentralized. Therefore, we choose to modify our behavior to prevent any other mining entity from gaining a majority. We do this by mining ourselves and punishing any misbehaving entity by moving our mining equipment to a different pool.  This is not theoretical - it has already happened multiple times.
If this mining monopoly is inevitable, how does the professor explain why Ghash is no longer the largest pool? Shouldn't the other miners have joined forces with Ghash and taken over? In fact, the opposite happened. Miners did *not* join forces, they did *not* collude. Miners like Bitfury and others left the Ghash pool in reaction to the growing size. The mining pie chart is just as decentralized today as it has ever been. Why didn't miners all join Deepbit three years ago? Why didn't they all join BTCGuild last year? How does his theory explain this consistent divergence with reality?
@_date: 2014-05-16 17:22:37
Correct.  He is describing an offline wallet, meaning your private keys are kept on a machine without internet connectivity.  The 'best' way to do an offline wallet is probably using the Armory client.  
@_date: 2014-12-02 20:50:40
Do they pledge to work from every country, to every country, for every person?  If not it still cannot compete with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-08-31 02:20:13
What I meant by "treats all participants equally" is that everyone who uses the system has to play by the same rules bounded by the math and no one can exclude anyone else from the system.  No one can arbitrarily create money out of thin air, no matter who they are.  Money can only be issued by following the rules of the protocol, which work the same for everyone.
I specifically said "equal", and not "fair", because fairness is a slippery concept that is impossible to agree upon.  Obviously the world is not fair, some people start with more resources than others and Bitcoin cannot change that.  Some people heard about Bitcoin before others and there is no way around that either, just as some people heard about Apple stock before others and may or may not have chosen to buy some.  Satoshi announced Bitcoin on a public mailing list read by people who were interested in the idea of cryptocurrency.  Most people didn't care.  The people who did care took a risk and that risk turned out to be profitable.
None of that has anything to do with the equality I'm talking about.  Any human being with internet access can participate in the Bitcoin system.  A person in Argentina plays by the exact same rules a person from China or person in Denmark.  Math works the same for all of them.  None of them can exclude others from the system.  None of them can freeze funds.  None of them can issue money without mathematical proof of work.  All of them can send money to whomever they want, in any country they want, in any amount, practically instantly and practically free.  Bitcoin is entirely agnostic when it comes to arbitrary distinctions that divide people.  Bitcoin works the same for everyone.
@_date: 2014-12-11 14:52:54
In which Mastercard exec strongly implies that any method of transaction that does not go through a trusted third party like Mastercard is suspicious and must be assumed to be criminal.
@_date: 2014-07-21 10:29:38
Bitcoin node operators and users do not need to 'welcome' new nodes.  No one has the power to exclude banks, companies, individuals, governments, or anyone else from running one.  That's the whole point.  *Anyone* can choose to participate in Bitcoin as long as they follow the rules of the peer to peer network like everyone else.  The more participants, the more decentralized and robust the system becomes, the more useful the system is, the more difficult it is to disrupt.  
@_date: 2014-08-22 11:09:21
This is why decentralization is a core precept of Bitcoin and is non-negotiable.  Hold funds in a wallet to which you and only you control the private keys.  Only then are you in full control of your money.
@_date: 2014-01-10 12:55:31
Thanks!  Yeah I think the news of insured Bitcoin deposits is kind of huge actually.
@_date: 2014-01-16 17:00:11


This is nothing like Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2014-02-14 13:33:58
It's not fragmented, it's decentralized.  That means each actor is free to think any way they want.  Bitcoin is working just fine.  
@_date: 2014-07-30 03:11:08
Great article.  Describes what 'decentralized exchange' really means.  I hope the Lamassus and Skyhooks out there start building these posthaste.  
@_date: 2014-07-08 00:07:28
Finally a voice of sanity!  Consider me a fan.
@_date: 2014-08-28 22:37:14
It might be more user friendly than Bitcoin today, but M-Pesa does not solve the problems that Bitcoin solves.  It only works where the central company that controls it, Vodaphone, has banking and government partners.  M-Pesa can not cross borders effortlessly like Bitcoin can.   M-Pesa has full control over who a person is allowed to pay, how much they are allowed to send, how much they are allowed to receive, etc. M-Pesa can never be as inclusive as Bitcoin, because it requires an account with an institution and the loss of control that entails.  Bitcoin users do not require permission from anyone to use their own money.  M-Pesa is just a bank account you access from a cell phone.
@_date: 2014-03-12 22:22:53
We've always known Bitcoin profits are taxable just like any income.  This does not doom Bitcoin in any way.  Tax evasion is not the point of Bitcoin.  Anonymity is not the point of Bitcoin.  Cash is a better vehicle than Bitcoin for both tax evasion and anonymity.


This statement is false, as anyone who has ever used Bitcoin knows.  Bitcoin allows any person in any country to send their own money anywhere, at any time, in any amount, practically instantly and practically free, without requiring permission from any central third party. There is no solution in the legacy banking system that allows this.  Money in a bank account is not under the user's control.  It is under the bank's control, and you can only access it with the blessing of the bank. The places you can send it to are limited by the reach of the bank's relationships, and the speed you can move it with is limited by the speed of the bank.  Bitcoin is money under the control of the user.  It moves at the speed of the internet, and it is only limited by the reach of the internet.
@_date: 2014-11-28 13:04:23
Anyone can put their Bitcoin address in their video as a scannable QR code.  This works on every platform, from any country, to any country - Youtube, Vimeo, Skype, Facetime, etc etc.
@_date: 2014-12-14 03:45:09
@_date: 2014-06-16 11:33:08
It's not less than 100 million.  The current estimate is 1.1 Billion.  Link including methodology here: 
There are two things preventing a government from doing this.  One, no one wants to throw a billion dollars in a hole just to destroy something.  Two, there is more than one government in the world.  If one government is so threatened by Bitcoin that it is willing to throw a billion dollars into attempting to kill it, then other governments will be just as interested in preventing this action so as to use Bitcoin against their competitor.  If one government is willing to build a billion dollars worth of mining equipment to try to destroy / control Bitcoin, another government will try the same thing, which will drive the price higher for both of them.  The mining arms race that will ensue is the exact same mining arms race that has always been in play, except with bigger actors (governments) in addition to corporations and individuals.
@_date: 2014-07-01 22:21:17


Bitcoin makin' history
@_date: 2014-11-01 12:18:54
Yes, in person, as you would sell any other item for cash.  You might try localbitcoins or Mycelium Trader.  Or you could attend a Bitcoin meetup and see if anyone is looking to buy.
@_date: 2014-02-14 04:16:46
It should be noted that 1. is a display error.  As I understand it, your actual balance is not 'wrong', it is just displayed incorrectly.  The wallet has the correct amount of bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-01-25 15:04:44
The beauty of Bitcoin is that any person or business can choose to adopt it at will.  If you see a need in your area, you can start a business yourself.  You can ask the people you do business with to take Bitcoin.  You can help others to understand why Bitcoin is interesting and useful.  That's why things are happening in the US.  People are making it happen.
@_date: 2014-01-06 08:07:33
A bail in is what happened in Cyprus in March.  The government ran out of money, so they took it out of people's bank accounts.  
@_date: 2014-06-18 11:12:02
This is like asking why you need a computer if all you want to do is type a letter and you already have a typewriter.
If SEPA works for your needs, great.  SEPA only works in some European countries for those who have bank accounts.  Bitcoin works for every person in every country.  
You need your bank's permission to use SEPA or any other kind of bank transfer.  No one needs permission to use Bitcoin.  Anyone can choose to use Bitcoin at will.  
When you deposit your money in a bank account, you money is under the bank's control.  When you hold your own bitcoin private keys, your money is under your control, and no one can deny you access to it or give you rules or conditions under which your are 'allowed' to use it.  Bitcoin allows a person to keep 100% control of their own money, while retaining the ability to send it to any person in any country at will, practically instantly and practically free.
@_date: 2014-09-06 15:02:40
Short term, anything can happen.  But long term I don't think any Apple product can impact Bitcoin because they are in two completely different categories.  Bitcoin is about much more than fees and convenience.  Bitcoin is money that works on the internet, the same for every human.  Apple is a company selling a product.  The proposed product will bear much more resemblance to a bank account or a paypal app than it will to Bitcoin.  
Long term, in my opinion, the fundamental question about payment solutions on the internet is "is it money"?
Money is independently verifiable.  Payments made with money cannot be stopped or reversed by a third party.  Money works regardless of the identity of the person holding it.  Money cannot be arbitrarily created out of nothing.
Bitcoin has all of these features.  Payment solutions controlled by companies do not, and by their very nature, cannot.  
Adults today are not yet used to thinking of money on the internet in this way.  The shift will likely be a generational one.  Today's college entrepreneurs will be using Bitcoin to build applications, since they don't need anyone's permission to do so, whereas all payment solutions controlled by a company require permission and come with restrictions.  Teenagers will be introduced to Bitcoin by their siblings in college and the applications they create.  They will realize that Bitcoin can do anything money can do, and the Apple/Google/Paypal products cannot.  Their siblings in middle school will realize that they too can use Bitcoin, at will, and they cannot be excluded.  They will lose patience with other payment 'solutions' that require jumping through hoops and only work in some places for some people.  Why would you accept restrictions if you don't have to?  These kids will grow up, and the advantages of actual money on the internet will be obvious to them since they are less biased against new ways of thinking than those who grew up in a world where credit cards were the only option and internet transactions were identity based.
Because Bitcoin is not a company, it does not compete.  It simply exists, and people can choose to use it for it's useful features if they want to.  It seems clear to me that Bitcoin has useful features that cannot be offered by any company and therefore it will be used by those who want money that works online.  It's just a matter of time before these advantages are realized by the public.
@_date: 2014-10-11 11:57:19
Waiting 10 minutes for a 15k transaction for a car is not a problem for anyone, since as you well know this kind of transaction takes far longer than 10 minutes no matter what payment method is used.  Your poor logic, goal post shifting and personal attacks do not create problems with Bitcoin where none exist. 
@_date: 2014-02-12 20:57:56
That's no fun.  The original reddit bitcointip bot does not have this issue 
@_date: 2014-12-11 13:17:16
Nice job!  1000 bits @_date: 2014-05-09 14:28:43
There is no monetary incentive to run Tor nodes either.  People still run them.  Bittorrent seeds, personal websites, Folding at Home, etc etc.  Volunteers and hobbyists do all kinds of things for free because they want to.  Given the importance of Bitcoin as a technology and potential force for positive change, I doubt the Bitcoin network is going away any time soon.
That said, the more Bitcoin nodes the better.  Everyone with basic IT skills should be encouraged to run one.  Every Bitcoin related company should spin up at least one or two.  This goes for both full nodes and ASICs, IMHO.
@_date: 2014-08-08 09:29:16
It's one of the countries that receives a high amount of international remittances.  
@_date: 2014-03-03 18:02:21
Likely because of the HMRC official announcement that sales of Bitcoin are not subject to VAT (in the UK)
@_date: 2014-01-08 14:59:37
What math am I not looking at?  This is my actual experience.  I am an individual.  I bought ASICs.  I am profitable right now.  I will continue to be profitable with my current equipment until Cointerra, KNC, and BFL ship their next batches which will be who knows when.  Anyone who orders at least one ASIC from one of the above companies is still in the game and on a more or less equal playing field with all other miners when the equipment is finally delivered.  Just because data centers might be slightly more profitable doesn't mean individual miners will be sent directly to the poor house.  We are still making money, securing the network, and enabling individuals to transact without needing the permission of a centralized third party.
If I am an individual and I am profitable, other individuals can mine profitably too.  Therefore, we have not 'already lost'.  There are plenty of Bitcoiners with jobs who can spring for a $2000 ASIC that pays itself off in a few months.  If there are tens of thousands of us, it contributes to Bitcoin's decentralization.  If individuals like ourselves give up because centralization is 'inevitable', then it will become a self fulfilling prophecy.  
@_date: 2014-04-21 21:54:58
This is how simple acquiring and selling bitcoins could be if the regulators just backed off and let people innovate.
@_date: 2014-09-11 11:48:41
Anyone on the planet with internet access can accept Bitcoin by downloading a smartphone wallet or Bitcoin Core, and posting their payment address or QR code.
If he wants to sell for fiat, he will probably need to trade locally and/or investigate getting an account on an exchange like Bitstamp. There is a company in South America called BitPagos that works like BitPay.  I don't know if they operate in Guatemala.
@_date: 2014-09-08 23:47:15
There is no such thing as a chargeback on the blockchain.  
That said, two users who pay each other with "bitcoins" using a Paypal web wallet (or a Coinbase web wallet) are not really using "Bitcoin", since Paypal and Coinbase are both in control of their internal ledgers (off-blockchain).  If a Paypal wallet user pays with "bitcoins" to another Paypal wallet user, that transaction could theoretically be reversed by Paypal, since all Paypal has to do is alter their centralized ledger.
But if you send bitcoins out of Paypal (or Coinbase) to a real Bitcoin wallet, your transaction is now on the blockchain and cannot be reversed (barring a successful 51% attack).
PayPal -&gt; Paypal = Reversible by Paypal
Coinbase -&gt; Coinbase = Reversible by Coinbase
Paypal -&gt;  Coinbase = Reversible by contract between Paypal and Coinbase
Paypal -&gt; Bitcoin Core Wallet = Irreversible
Coinbase -&gt; Bitcoin Core Wallet = Irreversible
@_date: 2014-03-08 01:07:25
This is one of the articles cited (from October 2011)
@_date: 2014-08-30 15:35:21
This article shows why no government or bank can create 'their own' Bitcoin.  They will never agree to allow the issuance of the money to be bound by mathematical rules everyone has to follow.  The government will be free to abuse their privilege of being the sole issuer, in the exact same way they abuse the privilege with currencies today.  There is no way the government will allow peer to peer payments without maintaining control and the ability to stop payments and freeze funds.  






They had to ban it, because they know the government issued and controlled product cannot compete with a decentralized, mathematically verifiable currency that treats all participants equally.
@_date: 2014-07-09 10:54:25
Here's the second article:
@_date: 2014-09-13 11:31:11
Apple Pay is reversible, requires permission and has all of same legacy banking dependencies as credit cards.  It does not compete with Bitcoin because it does not offer the benefits to individuals and merchants that Bitcoin offers.  
Apple is now yet another middleman sitting between the merchant and his money, taking their cut.
@_date: 2014-08-05 22:23:06
Yes.  Check out P2Pool
@_date: 2014-01-10 13:26:34
Bitcoin will survive the same way it always has (hopefully).  The problem is not so much Cex.IO building a data center full of miners.  The problem is if only ONE entity builds a data center of miners that dwarfs the rest of the network.
In my opinion, eventually we will see multiple well funded actors following in the footsteps of Cex.IO, building large data centers full of miners and competing with each other.  As longs as there are dozens of them in different countries, that's ok, and it works against any one entity, including a government, from getting too big.  It's the exact same mining dynamic that has always existed, except with bigger players.
The only time it's dangerous is if one or only a few of those players has too high of a percentage.  In that case, it's important for people who care about Bitcoin to sound the alarm and do what they can to mitigate the possibility of bad behavior before it happens.  That's what was going on yesterday, although the quantity of posts on the same subject was a little ridiculous.
TLDR: Nothing bad actually happened yesterday, but the threat is real and should not be ignored.  The threat of a potential 51% attack has always existed and will always exist.  The way to fight it is by encouraging as many separate entities as possible to mine Bitcoin, thereby keeping the hash power distributed to as many different hands as possible.
@_date: 2014-01-10 13:07:04
The only option I am aware of for about $1000 is the BFL 50gh SC single currently selling for $985.  The good news is, it is supposedly in stock and ships right away.  Payoff time depends on the cost of your electricity, the price of bitcoin over time, and the difficulty over time.  You can be fairly certain the difficulty will rise 20 or 30 percent every two weeks for a while, unless it doesn't.  No one knows what the bitcoin price will do.  If you assume today's price and difficulty (which of course you cannot do), it would pay itself off in about three months according to the calculator here:
Enter your own numbers and understand your assumptions before you purchase.  You should be able to use your macbook to run the BFL miner.
@_date: 2014-02-04 11:18:08
The open source nature of the code means that any programmer can read the code at any time.  This is a crucial concept.  Even if every member of the core dev team was on the payroll at Goldman Sachs, as long as the code is open source it can be read by other high caliber programmers and it remains very difficult to introduce a compromising change without anyone noticing.  
Some members of the core dev team now work for competing companies who have financial interests in keeping everyone honest.  Jeff Garzik works for Bitpay.  Gavin Andresen consults for Coinbase.  There are many other programmers who are not on the core dev team who read the code.  Every exchange has programmers, every mining pool has programmers, every wallet has programmers.  There are academics like Matt Green and Adi Shamir and Sarah Meiklejohn studying the code.  Their are white hat hackers like Dan Kaminsky trying to crack it.  There are black hats trying to crack it.  There are devs like Amir Taaki working on their own privacy and security focused full node implementations.  Any attempted controversial change to the Bitcoin code is unlikely to make it past all of these people without getting noticed.  
@_date: 2014-03-12 01:54:40
They could just as easily send their dollars to any supplier in any country, practically instantly and practically free, without being charged by a bank for the privilege?  I don't think so.
@_date: 2014-01-12 15:27:04
Misleading title.  "Released" is past tense.  The article actually says they "will be opening".  Article contains no details about any currently operating Bitcoin ATM in Hong Kong.
@_date: 2014-06-20 11:04:19
Because the bitcoins arrive in your wallet seconds after you deposit the cash.  Start with a small denomination if your are concerned.
@_date: 2014-11-08 13:45:09
Must watch.  Greenspan says gold is valuable because it is


This is the same reason Bitcoin is valued, and any copycat currency created by a company, bank or government never can compete with it.  Bitcoin is independently verifiable and requires no third party trust or credit standing, just like gold.  Unlike gold, Bitcoin can be sent over the internet.
@_date: 2014-12-29 14:12:49
Not compared to the rates advertised on the Western Union website.
For US credit card to Kenya mobile wallet they charge 7% on a $100 transfer, PLUS "Western Union also makes money from currency exchange".  WU appears to make about 3% on the currency conversion, on top of the 7% fee charged to the sender.
To send $50 WU charges 10% plus the 3% hidden exchange rate hit.
The maximum WU amount to send is $500, on which they charge 2% plus the 3% hidden exchange rate hit.
@_date: 2014-06-19 22:18:47
Bloomberg author seems to miss the point. 


This is right, but apparently only gains exceeding $668,000 are Expat taxed, according to this link:  
Author is not taking into consideration that the price of Bitcoin may continue to rise after the person renounces citizenship.  In this scenario, even tho the expat had to pay capital gains on his bitcoins when he renounced, any future gains would not be taxable by the US.  Whereas if he remains a US citizen, he would have to pay tax on his bitcoins when he eventually realizes the gains (at $10,000 per BTC or whatever, instead of $600 today).
Author also fails to address difficulties that some expats experience as a result of holding a US passport, including the inability to travel to certain places because of politics.  Ver stated that this was one of the reasons he wanted to travel with a St. Kitts passport instead.
@_date: 2014-12-29 15:47:51
The sell side is when you send bitcoins to an M-Pesa user, who receives Kenyan shillings into his M-Pesa account.
@_date: 2014-07-17 10:59:03
The short answer is network effect.  Bitcoin was the first.  It still has by far the largest network of nodes secured by the largest amount of mining power.  It has by far the most users, the most developers, the most investors, the most transactions, the most 'brand' recognition.  
Why would I switch to something else if I already have Bitcoin?  Bitcoin is already decentralized and works for every person in every country.  Is an upstart coin going to be more decentralized than Bitcoin?  Not likely.  Is it going to be more inclusive than Bitcoin?  No.  Can it do anything Bitcoin cannot already do?  So far, no.  
When Bitcoin was invented, it solved a real problem.  The problem was that you cannot send dollars over the internet to any person in any country, practically instantly and practically free, without permission from a central trusted third party.  With Bitcoin, you can.  Altcoin competitors to Bitcoin solve no problem because Bitcoin has already solved it.  All they do is attempt to duplicate the success of Bitcoin for the enrichment of the altcoin creators.  
@_date: 2014-01-07 01:52:31
Network hash rate is not going to double every month in perpetuity.  Even if it does, individuals who contributed to that growth still have a choice where to point their hash power.  I'm saying, don't point it at a pool that has more than 30%, and definitely don't give money to a company that owns it's own hardware that has over 30%.  
Obviously people will do what they want to do.  But it's better for Bitcoin if hash power is as distributed as possible.
@_date: 2014-02-03 14:24:45
1.  The nature of third parties, i.e. the banks and exchanges, means they can do whatever they want with your money during the time that they hold it, including potentially not give it back to you in a worst case scenario.  This is scary, but is really the same scenario as any money you currently have in any bank account.
2.  Probably Coinbase.com
3.  In theory no.  In practice, banks can do whatever they want with your money, so they could refuse the transaction.
4.  Yes.  Banks can do whatever they want with your money, including not allow you to transact or withdraw your own money.  They could say the transaction has 'fraud risk'.
In practice, your plan will probably work, as long as banks do not interfere with your transactions between your bank accounts and Bitcoin exchanges.  Some people have reported that their banks react negatively to transactions with Coinbase, however many others use the service successfully.  You won't really know for sure until you try it.  My guess is that you won't have a problem.
@_date: 2014-01-31 00:19:29
I think it means that if I, as an individual (or small company like an investment club), buy some bitcoins as an investment for myself, and then I potentially sell them, I am not a money transmitter.  This is a clarification of the March guidance that seemed to indicate that anyone who bought or sold bitcoins for any reason was a money transmitter.  
Contrast this with a company that sells bitcoins as an investment to the public.  That company may be a money transmitter.
@_date: 2014-05-27 17:22:33
Enron and penny stocks are not open source software, nor do they have a mathematically verifiable public ledger.
@_date: 2014-01-10 00:27:52
This is the beauty of Bitcoin.  All they need to accept bitcoins is the open source Bitcoin client.  No payment processor needed.
As for converting to dollars, I guess it's LocalBitcoins, Bitcoin ATMs, or other person to person method.  Still a hassle when it's time to pay bills, but it eliminates the 'holding a large pile of cash' problem in the meantime, for both the store and it's customers.
@_date: 2014-08-17 00:47:40
Bitcoin is not a company.  Bitcoin is much bigger than MtGox and much bigger than just a currency.  MtGox is just a company that exchanged bitcoins for dollars, the same way another exchange might trade dollars for euros.  People who lost money in the MtGox collapse lost money because they trusted the MtGox company to hold their bitcoins.  MtGox collapsing had no effect on the Bitcoin peer to peer open source decentralized network.  The Bitcoin network is working fine.  It's not necessary for an company like MtGox to hold your bitcoins.  The whole point of Bitcoin is that a person can maintain control of his own money, while retaining the ability to transact over the internet with it.
A person who decides to use bitcoins as money can transact with any other person on the internet.  It doesn't matter what country the two people are in.  It doesn't matter if they are in different countries.  It doesn't matter if either of them have a bank account.  They don't have to sign up with any company or agree to any terms of service.  No central entity can stop a bitcoin payment between two peers, because there is no central entity.  People are still excited about Bitcoin because Bitcoin still works.  It makes possible cross border online commerce that was difficult or impossible without Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-08-10 11:08:06
Like I said, IANAL.  So what's the magic arbitrary number of times that a cop is allowed to ask an otherwise innocent person to commit a crime before it becomes entrapment?  
@_date: 2014-06-27 11:04:08
That doesn't matter.  The honest customers are incentivized to use Bitcoin because it's cheaper.  Over time, two groups of customers will emerge.  The Bitcoin customers (chargeback fraud rate = 0%) and the credit card customers (chargeback fraud rate = &gt;0%).  It's only a matter of time before merchants start realizing this en masse.  When they do, they will start encouraging their customers to use Bitcoin with discounts in exactly this manner.  It will be in the interest of every internet merchant to popularize and normalize the use of Bitcoin to increase the likelihood of their customers choosing to use it.  Eventually (in a few years) the only people left paying with reversible payment methods will be the scammers and people buying from shady businesses they don't trust. Use of a credit card will be flagged as a high risk transaction, because for the merchant, that's exactly what it is.  
@_date: 2014-11-12 12:47:15
Thank you sir!
@_date: 2014-08-10 14:24:07
You don't ask them or any other pool to do anything.  You mine yourself with you own equipment that you control pointed to a pool with lower hashrate and you attempt to educate others who care about using a decentralized digital money system to do the same.  That's what happened with the Ghash situation.  Miners (albeit belatedly) chose to leave the pool because they finally realized it was in their own long term best interests to do so.  It's in the long term best interest of all Bitcoin users for Bitcoin to remain decentralized and those who understand that choose to act accordingly.
It's like democracy.  If you don't want the congress to have a republican (or democrat, or socialist) majority, then your best strategy is to vote for another side.  
@_date: 2014-07-19 10:11:10
If this turns out to be true, it will probably be because half of the existing Bitcoin companies seem to be trying to make using Bitcoin as much like using a bank account as possible, and that largely defeats the purpose of Bitcoin.
Under the proposed regulations, all the same old barriers to entry that make the legacy banking system problematic will be grafted onto Bitcoin companies.  At that point, you have to ask yourself, why use an online wallet company when it's so much simpler to use a real wallet on my PC?  No account needed, no email needed, no 'verification' needed, no terms of service, no discrimination based on nationality or credit score, etc etc. 
Get your coins from an ATM, put them in a real wallet the keys to which you and only you control, do whatever you want with them.  You don't need companies like Circle and Coinbase in that scenario.  They just complicate your life trying to turn the new technology back into the old.  It's only a matter of time until people realize this.
@_date: 2014-06-18 14:01:37
Contains interview with shop owner who accepts Bitcoin.




@_date: 2014-08-10 10:59:41


Disagree.  A person in Nigeria cannot order something from the USA with a credit card because of credit card fraud.  If everyone in the world were taking Bitcoin, anyone in any country would be able to engage in commerce with anyone else in any country at will.
For example I just ordered some hardware from China.  Merchant accepted my bitcoin with no payment processor.  With fiat both consumer and merchant would need relationships with banks who have relationships with each other.  With banks it would have cost us wire transfer fees on both ends, or credit card fees and charge-back risk on the merchant end.  With Bitcoin buyer and seller can transact at will over the internet with no middleman.  This cannot be done with fiat.  It's not just about buying things, it's about selling things.  It's about frictionless commerce without regard for imaginary borders.
@_date: 2014-01-24 13:59:39
He obviously has no idea what Bitcoin is or how it works.  "Very little clarity"?  Anyone can read the publicly available source code.  The Fed has very little clarity.
"No, it's not a great idea"?  Where is his argument?  How does he propose solving the Byzantine Generals problem?  How does he propose transactions should work on the internet in any country without a trusted third party arbiter?
Like most critics, if he doesn't understand the technology, of course he will not see the value and conclude the price is 'too high'.  This is no different than what every uninformed critic has been saying since day one.  
@_date: 2014-03-12 14:50:03
Individuals would need to acquire bitcoins through a non-bank solution.  They could purchase bitcoins in person with cash, either through a storefront, an ATM, or a localbitcoins.com type meetup.  Once they have bitcoins, they can transact with anyone who accepts bitcoins, without involving any bank or third party payment network.
Maybe you could contact Bitstamp or some large mining pools about providing BTC liquidity.
@_date: 2014-08-08 22:23:24
Issuance of the money is controlled by a single company, i.e. not decentralized.
@_date: 2014-05-15 15:25:57
If you are worried about losing a large amount of cash during an in person meeting, don't buy the full amount in one transaction.  Break it up into smaller transactions over time so worst case scenario, you only lose a fraction of your funds.  This is a good policy even using online exchanges.
Also you don't need to have your Bitcoin private keys on you at all.  You can have the seller send to a QR code you bring on paper.  You can they check the balance of the address using blockchain.info or Insight.is to make sure the transaction was received.
@_date: 2014-02-04 09:33:31
Not exactly.  The open source, publicly available nature of the Bitcoin code makes it very unlikely that nefarious changes would go unnoticed long enough to make it into a release.  The developers cannot force anyone to upgrade to their new evil version.  There is no autoupdate.  Bitcoin is running on thousands of individuals computers.  Each individual would have to choose to purposely upgrade to the new evil version.  If users don't upgrade, Bitcoin remains exactly as it is, and the only ones running the new evil Bitcoin are the evil developers, which are ignored by the rest of the network.  Life goes on for the majority of users as if nothing has happened.  The evil developers would only succeed in banishing themselves from the network.  
@_date: 2014-08-10 19:24:40
If you can find an ATM/BTM/Bitcoin Vending machine, that's the fastest simplest way.  Or you could try Purse.io.  
@_date: 2014-01-15 15:15:25
I understand your point, but "no one" is still the most accurate answer to the question.  If the devs "owned" Bitcoin, they could make unilateral decisions and force those decisions on the rest of us, ala Paypal.  They cannot do this, because they do not own Bitcoin and have no power to enforce decisions.  The individual users decide to adopt or not, upgrade or not, fork or not.  Devs and big miners are influential, obviously, but Bitcoin is owned by no one.  
In practical terms, trying to point regulations at the 'core' Bitcoin developers would never work.  Even if the core devs complied, someone else would just fork the code.  Even though this structure does not magically immunize Bitcoin from all types of legislative attack, it does make it fundamentally different from a product owned by a company.  Regulators should understand this concept before they make decisions.
@_date: 2014-02-26 14:44:00
The uninformed public has always been terrified of Bitcoin.
What will actually happen after this is that Bitcoin won't die.  Some percentage of the people who just learned about it and were certain it would die will investigate further, become fascinated, and start using it, growing user base and adoption.  Some of those people will start companies and create innovative products, or start accepting bitcoins in their existing businesses.  This is what happened following all previous 'crashes'.  Bitcoin just keeps going.  This confounds the media and the critics every single time, even though you would think they would be catching on by now.  It's almost as if they've forgotten how they were completely wrong about Bitcoin dying following the April 2013 Gox-induced price drop.
@_date: 2014-08-03 10:44:27
This illustrates why decentralization is so important.  These online wallets will import all the red tape and inefficiencies that banks already have, because the regulators insist on treating automobiles like horses.
Bitcoin, the open source peer to peer decentralized payment system, is completely immune to this nonsense when you use it correctly.  That's why you should hold your own keys and not trust them to any company.
@_date: 2014-05-15 15:01:21
We can prevent it by choosing to mine ourselves and encouraging as many individuals as possible to mine with their own equipment.  
The incentives go beyond a monetary reward measured in dollars or bitcoins.  The incentive is to keep Bitcoin decentralized so that you, I, and all people have the opportunity to control our own funds and transact with anyone in any country at will without having to beg some centralized third party for permission.
@_date: 2014-08-27 22:27:59


False.  Mining has always been profitable.  I know because I profited from it.


The opportunity cost is only relevant if you assume you know which way the price is going to go in the future, which of course you cannot.  So I guess you could say the opportunity cost is balance by the risk you didn't take on buying bitcoins outright.
Miners who bought Jupiters in December 2013, for instance, made money between then and now, mining.  But they would not have made money buying and holding bitcoins from December until now.
No one has to choose one or the other.  I hold bitcoins as well.  But mining includes contributing to the health and security of the network we all use, which increases the value of the entire system in addition to enriching the individual who is mining/holding/spending.
@_date: 2014-03-07 02:52:46
If he's never heard of Bitcoin, the name never comes up.  Maybe he doesn't spend much time googling himself.
@_date: 2014-04-10 01:07:58
Speed, trust, and anonymity are all direct consequences of the fact that Bitcoin is based on math instead of people.  The reason Bitcoin is faster than banks is because math is fast and people are slow.  The reason you can trust Bitcoin is because math cannot be dishonest.   The reason anonymity is possible is because math does not care about your identity.  The identity of a person solving an equation does not matter.  Math works the same for everyone.  Bitcoin works on the same principles.  
You cannot make identity relevant without setting up a biased human party to decide who is good and who is bad and destroying the math based trust. That kind of thing is fundamentally contrary to the idea of an impartial math based currency.  There are no barriers to entry in Bitcoin.  It works the same for everyone in every country.
@_date: 2014-01-07 16:27:40
Why does your business care if Bitcoin is a 'currency' or not?  No matter what you call it, you can accept Bitcoin with lower fees than credit cards, and charge backs are impossible.  Just make your policy about pricing in dollars clear to your customers in the beginning.  It's no different than what every ASIC manufacturer is already doing.  
There is no law that forces merchants to take exchange rate risk on behalf of their customers.  You can always make exceptions in the name of customer service if you think the trade off is worth it.
@_date: 2014-06-30 22:19:03
This is false.  Most people had no idea what the internet was in the 1994.  Plenty of people, including my own parents, didn't see the point and thought it wasn't good for anything.  
A Wired reporter tried to inform the McDonald's corporation that they should probably buy mcdonalds.com before their competitors did.  They hadn't heard of the internet and asked him if he thought it was going to be a 'big thing'.


@_date: 2014-10-30 00:37:01
Because Bitcoin is bigger than just consumer convenience.  Bitcoin is cash that works on the internet.  Apple Pay is not and never can be.  I can give cash to any person I want.  I can receive cash from any person I want.  Cash does not care what my name is.  Cash works in every country.  I do not need any kind of relationship with any bank or tech company to use cash.  I do not need permission from anyone before I can use cash.
Bitcoin is cash that works on the internet.  Apple Pay is not and never can be because Apple Pay will always require permission from Apple, permission from credit card companies, and permission from banks.
Bitcoin can be used by any person at will to send or receive money.  Apple Pay can only be used by people Apple has a relationship with and has granted permission to, and even then the people can only do what Apple specifically allows in advance in countries in which Apple has specific business relationships with banks, merchants and governments.  Bitcoin works for every person in every country everywhere the internet reaches, and any person or merchant can choose to use Bitcoin at will.  
Will I be able to use Apple Pay to send money to my grandmother in Kazakstan?  No, because Apple Pay does not work there and my grandmother cannot choose to use Apple Pay at will.  However, my grandmother can choose to download Bitcoin, generate a wallet address, and receive bitcoins. She doesn't need anyone's permission, any more than she needs permission to reach out her hand and receive a ten dollar bill.  
People will embrace Bitcoin, eventually, not because it's a 'mobile payment solution', but because it is uniquely useful as cash on the internet, and Apple Pay, Paypal, etc, are not and never can be because of their nature as centralized companies with limited reach who try to control how their product is used.  The whole point of Bitcoin is that there are no barriers to entry.  Anyone, including consumers, merchants, manufacturers, banks, etc, can choose to send or receive bitcoins at will.
@_date: 2014-10-06 12:31:29
The exact year spreadsheets were invented is beside the point.  Replace spreadsheets with Facetime or Youtube or online banking.  The point is that regular people did not have the vision to see how computers would alter the landscape, and therefore could not understand why anyone would spend $3000 on one.  That is why the interviewer is asking Steve Jobs to justify the price, and it's the same question people are always asking about Bitcoin.
Regular people have never had the ability to control their own money online without the permission of a bank.  People have never had the power to transact with any person in any country in any amount at will.  People have never had the ability to accept payment or donations from anyone in any country at will, without unnecessary friction introduced by identity verification.  The ability to transmit money across borders, or with paper wallets, or over radio waves, etc, has never been possible.  We don't know exactly what people will do with that freedom, just as Gutenberg didn't know exactly what people would write with his printing press.  The point is it is now possible to do anything you want with money, and you don't need anyone's permission.  If you can describe your idea in computer code, you can do it.  This kind of innovation is not possible with any existing payment system that depends on a central third party, because the permission of the centralized third party will always be required to do anything.  Bitcoin can do anything money can do, but over the internet.  
@_date: 2014-02-27 17:18:29
Ben Bernanke has previously [stated]( "Although the Federal Reserve generally monitors developments in virtual currencies and other payments system innovations, it does not necessarily have authority to directly supervise or regulate these innovations or the entities that provide them to the market."
If Senator Manchin had done any serious research about Bitcoin before making his ignorant statements, he would have known that.
Yellen, on the other hand, seems to be better informed.


@_date: 2014-08-10 12:20:02
Who's arguing?  I'm quoting the United States Supreme court.  You're linking to an example that assumes that the accused individual knows drug dealers by name and is willing to personally deliver contraband to them.  OP has no ties to any credit fraud ring whatsoever.  The credit fraud ring is an invention of law enforcement.  OP is innocent and has no predisposition to commit a crime.
You're saying is that there is no set number of times that a cop can ask an innocent person to commit a crime before it becomes entrapment.  So whether or not it's entrapment basically depends on the judge's opinion.  IMHO that doesn't make a lot of sense, but then again I guess a lot of things in life are like that.  
@_date: 2014-08-03 12:50:11
Did I say it was 100% safe?  Nothing is 100% safe including banks, treasuries and the US dollar.  The goal is not to be 100% safe.  The goal is to fix any issue that occurs through user consensus without centralized trust.  That is what happened in the past and what is likely to happen in the future.  
The moment an intentional backdoor was discovered, there would be immediate consensus among users and miners to roll back the blockchain to before the malicious code was introduced.  This change would not be controversial because no one wants to use malicious code.  The submitter of the malicious code would be ostracized / arrested.  The bitcoin price would jump around temporarily and lots of sensational news articles would be clicked on.  30 days later everything would be back to normal.  Probably!  Welcome to Bitcoin  :)
@_date: 2014-07-13 18:38:14
Bitcoin Core or Bitcoin Wallet for Android by Schildbach.  I've had zero problems with either in the last three years.  
Any 'wallet' that requires some kind of centralized back end is not purely Bitcoin.  You are relying on some company's servers running code that is external to the Bitcoin system.  There are times when a web wallet might provide some utility, but if you use one you are taking the chance that there is an issue with their non-Bitcoin code running on their centralized infrastructure.  If a process hangs on Coinbase's server, you're going to have to wait for them to fix it.  The whole point of Bitcoin is to avoid this kind of central point of failure.  That's why there are thousands of Bitcoin nodes broadcasting and verifying transactions. 
@_date: 2014-07-07 09:57:05
Relevant because of people always asking why they need Bitcoin.  Because your bank doesn't let you send your money anywhere you want.  With Bitcoin, you can send your money to anyone in any country, practically instantly and practically free, and you don't need permission from any bank or company.
@_date: 2014-12-14 03:40:50
The speed listed there is the hashrate of the entire EclipseMC pool.  The Round Duration means that's how long since they've hit a block.  The amount of coin you get after they hit only one block will be very low, based on the low amount of hashpower your miner is generating.
@_date: 2014-07-26 13:58:05
Reason number 4,367 to not to use a web wallet but control your own private keys instead.
@_date: 2014-06-30 22:03:08
I love that bit!
For those who haven't seen it:  
@_date: 2014-12-27 15:56:39


A blockchain based currency assumes that currency created arbitrarily by the whim of a single party and awarded to itself is counterfeit by nature.  The invention of the blockchain is a solution to this problem.


Exactly.  How can I trust a currency if the money in my wallet can be removed from circulation by the whim of some controlling power who I may or may not agree with?  
The Blockchain regulates the issuance of currency by setting mathematical rules that cannot be manipulated by any single party.  Any features of a central bank controlled blockchain would still only be as good as the word of the central bank, a situation that already exists today.  The central bank could prevent or invalidate any transaction.  The central bank could change the rules at any time by updating the code running on nodes that only the central bank controls.  Such a blockchain would only prove that the central bank agrees with itself.  Individuals, companies and sovereigns transacting with each other would need to trust the central bank to act responsibly with the sole power it holds over it's currency, just like today.  
The Bitcoin blockchain eliminates the need for trusting any central party because no party has special powers to manipulate the rules.  No blockchain controlled by a central bank can accomplish the same.
@_date: 2014-06-13 19:24:36
Opinions about personalities are irrelevant because of open source software and mathematics.  
@_date: 2014-09-08 11:49:30
Perhaps the people who sold in November 2011 at $5 and April 2013 at $55 will be willing to comfort you.
Here is some more perspective about what people thought in June-Dec 2011, with graphic that shows the price at the time.
My favorite thread title - Bitcoin Will One Day Rise Again Like the Phoenix
@_date: 2014-01-11 09:33:15


Awesome!  So using your service anyone on the internet can now receive ad revenue from their website regardless of the state of the banking infrastructure in their country.  This is an application Bitcoin was born for.
@_date: 2014-03-01 17:37:51
It's probably easiest to set up your Bitcoin wallet on your smartphone in advance.  Bitcoin Android or the Blockchain.info wallet will work.  Then the machine scans the QR code your app displays and sends bitcoins to your phone.
@_date: 2014-12-13 11:45:21
I share the frustration with the consumer / merchant fallacy.  That is a credit card concept - credit cards can only be used to spend.  Credit cards cannot do any of the other things that money can do.
Conversely, *Bitcoin can do everything that money can do*, in addition to spending.  Bitcoin can be used to receive money by anyone, not just an official 'merchant' officially sanctified by a 'merchant acquirer'.  All Bitcoin users are both consumers and merchants, producers, savers, remitters, investors, tippers, donators.  
Anyone who uses Bitcoin is in full control of their money and can do anything money can do.  There are no 'consumers' in Bitcoin, as if we are limited to using Bitcoin to consume.  If I have a garage sale, I can accept payment with Bitcoin.  Am I no longer a consumer?  If I pay the neighbor kid with Bitcoin for mowing the lawn, is he a consumer?  If I send money to ma back in the old country, is she not a consumer?  Bitcoin benefits everyone who uses it, no matter how you label them.
@_date: 2014-07-13 14:52:11
Every digital payment method he mentions is identity based and depends on trust of a central party that controls and edits the identity database.  This ultimately translates into trust of a particular government in a particular jurisdiction, whether or not that jurisdiction is the one in which you live.  If there is no cash, individuals and businesses would have no option to transact *at all* without express permission from this authority beforehand.  
Bitcoin is digital money that does not require users to trust anyone with their identity information and requires no permission from anyone.  Because of this, it can be used in any country by any person at will.  It can be *trusted* by anyone in any country, because it operates according to math based rules and *not* according to arbitrary political and reactionary whims.  Bitcoin is the only cashless solution that does not place your ability to transact at the mercy of some government, foreign or domestic.  Bitcoin is the only cashless solution that is not a dystopian nightmare.  
@_date: 2014-06-16 10:56:15
Cloud mining is bad for decentralization and not likely to be profitable.  Mining with your own equipment keeps your hash power under your control.  That way, if the pool you are using gets too big or misbehaves in any way, you can choose to point your hash power at a different pool that is acting responsibly.  
You might investigate Bitmain.  They are known to be shipping ASICs products in a timely manner and are relatively plug and play.
 
@_date: 2014-07-25 23:28:30
Must watch.  Audio gets better after a few minutes.  His last few statements at the end of the questions bring it all home.
@_date: 2014-11-03 12:31:50
If a company or government creates "their own" Bitcoin competitor, they would still have the ability to create "their own" currency out of nothing at will.
Every time some one asks why a company can't create "their own" Bitcoin, the answer is this gif.  Because "their own" Bitcoin would not be regulated by an open source, publicly verifiable algorithm.  "Their own" Bitcoin would not be issued by miners in may countries who are bound by the same rules and competing with each other.  It would be issued and manipulated by a centralized party that has the ability to manipulate the rules.  "Their own" centralized Bitcoin can never have the benefits of the original **de**centralized Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-29 13:32:24


No, the result would not have all the benefits of Bitcoin.  
The most important attribute of Bitcoin is the decentralized network.  Every participant in Bitcoin is part of the distributed consensus that keeps the other participants honest.  Any 'coin' controlled by a government or company would not be decentralized.  The issuer of such a coin could issue arbitrary amounts of currency at will, just like they do with the dollar.  They could perform chargebacks and freeze funds.  Any such government coin would not have all the benefits of Bitcoin.  With a government coin you still have to trust the government. With Bitcoin you trust only the math-based consensus of millions of globally distributed participants.
@_date: 2014-09-11 21:48:45
For those who may not know, the interviewee is Alex Winter, director of the excellent Napster documentary "Downloaded".  He is in the process of filming a documentary on Bitcoin and how it effects global commerce.
EDIT: The actual title of the documentary is "Deep Web: The Untold Story of Bitcoin and The Silk Road".  So it's not about just Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-08-06 10:54:40
It will create two categories of purchases:
Bitcoin purchases:  chargeback rate 0%
Credit card purchases:  chargeback rate &gt;0%
Sooner or later merchants will realize this.  They will recognize credit card purchases as high risk transactions, and they will start pricing accordingly.
@_date: 2014-02-05 20:16:38
@_date: 2014-12-13 14:24:26








Bitcoin already works for any merchant in any country on the internet and does not require the merchant or bank to store any information about the consumer whatsoever... but why would anyone want a globally interoperable system when each proprietary network could create their own incompatible 'in-house' systems?
@_date: 2014-01-07 02:30:49
I don't agree that centralization of mining is necessarily inevitable and I'm already doing something about it.  I'm mining, and it makes quite a bit more than the price of my electricity.  You don't need $30,000.  ASICs can be bought for as little as $400 at the moment for those who cannot afford the as yet non-existent Cointerra machines.
Companies need to be profitable, but hobbyists don't have that restriction.  If I feel like blowing 50 dollars a month on electricity instead of on a steak dinner because I think a decentralized Bitcoin is important and I want to support it, I can do that because mining is not my primary source of income.  If I can do that, thousands of others just like me can do it too.  Boom, decentralized Bitcoin.  
In the meantime, there is still plenty of profit left in mining despite what the mining conglomerates apparently want everyone else to think.  I ordered ASICs in March and received them in October.  They paid themselves off in six weeks.  The big mining companies want individuals to think that mining isn't profitable anymore so they won't bother to try, but this is simply not true.  Everyone who is mining knows it's not true.  That's why KNC and Cointerra and even BFL are taking millions of dollars in orders.  If people want Bitcoin to succeed, mining is still a good way to acquire Bitcoin, support the system, and diminish the potential negative centralization effects of these massive hashing farms.
@_date: 2014-10-16 23:20:49
If individuals are holding bitcoins in wallets they control (as opposed to web wallets controlled by a company), their bitcoins cannot be seized or frozen the way money in a bank account can be.  Individuals fleeing a totalitarian regime can move their bitcoins out of the country, preserving their wealth, without having to carry cash or gold over a border.  
@_date: 2014-11-01 12:35:36
Bitcoin is the only way to send money over the internet in any amount to any person in any country, practically instantly and practically free, without requiring permission from any third party.  This cannot be done with national currencies.  
This means a manufacturer in China can accept a bitcoin payment from all buyers from all countries on the planet, with neither the manufacturer nor the buyer needing any relationship with any bank.
This means all one billion Facebook users now have the power to transact with each other with Bitcoin, and they don't need anyone's permission, not even Facebook's.
This means that any person in any country can create a software program, even one that powers a hardware device, anything from an arcade game to a humanoid robot, and this software can be activated on demand with payment from any person in any country, like putting a quarter in a slot.  No identity or human intervention from trusted third parties is needed to slow down and limit what can be done.
The volatility is a red herring.  Bitcoin enables practical applications of money on the internet that were not possible before.  We don't know what all those applications will look like, but we know that they are not possible with Visa or Paypal.
@_date: 2014-02-06 14:07:25
None of the copycat coins do anything that Bitcoin doesn't already do.  Bitcoin has a larger, more distributed network and is secured by much more computing power than any alt.  Bitcoin has a longer history of successful operation.  Bitcoin has a much larger economy supported by far more merchants and users.  Bitcoin has more invested in infrastructure and the most devs with the longest track records.
When Bitcoin was invented, it solved a real problem.  The problem was that of reaching distributed consensus on the internet, in this case consensus about money issuance and maintaining a secure decentralized ledger.  Before Bitcoin, there was no way to send money from point A to point B over the internet without permission from a centralized third party (like Paypal or a bank).  Altcoins did not solve any problem when they were spawned, because Bitcoin had already solved it.  There is no reason for most altcoins to exist, except as an attempt to enrich their 'inventors'.  There is no reason to use an altcoin when you already have Bitcoin and Bitcoin's network is orders of magnitude more secure.
TLDR:  Bitcoin solves actual problems with legacy money and payment systems.  Altcoins are Bitcoin ripoffs that do not solve any problem that Bitcoin hasn't already solved.  Best case scenario altcoins are less distributed, less secure, less accepted and therefore inferior imitations Bitcoin.  
As for the price, no one knows what it is going to do in the short term.  What I can tell you is that the reasoning behind buying bitcoins is the same today as it was three years ago.  The implications of Bitcoin are huge and it is nowhere near its potential adoption rate.  One year ago the price was at an 18 month high of $20 and critics insisted it was an overvalued bubble about to crash.  YMMV.
@_date: 2014-06-26 10:42:57
Actually I think she is one of the more fair minded mainstream anchors when it comes to Bitcoin.  She's not exactly on board but she seems like she's making an effort to understand.  For instance, she asked Barry Silbert seriously why he was so passionate about Bitcoin and allowed him to actually answer.
@_date: 2014-02-14 12:47:27
Exchanges and services are outside the scope of what Gavin is saying.
@_date: 2014-01-28 14:45:41
Skepticism is perhaps correct, but it's worth noting that the Foundation is not a single point of anything.  The Foundation did not create Bitcoin and does not control Bitcoin.  Bitcoin existed long before the Foundation.  If the Foundation evaporated tomorrow, Bitcoin would continue as the decentralized, open source project it always was.  
@_date: 2014-07-26 00:07:38
Still, it would have had to pass both the state senate and the house of representatives in order to require a veto.  
@_date: 2014-01-06 01:22:49
The price is sometimes higher, sometimes lower.  If you're worried about buying or selling at an exact price at a given moment, CampBX is probably better for you.  Liquidity is low-ish, but at least you have full control.  Coinbase has been known to run out of coins, cancel orders, etc.  It works eventually, but when and at what price is somewhat random.
@_date: 2014-03-10 22:52:43


The fact that you cannot send dollars over the internet at will in any amount,  to anyone in any country, practically instantly and practically free, and without the permission of a centralized third party.  For that, you need bitcoins.  This is what has always driven Bitcoin usage no matter what the price.
Bitpay has stated that they actually see more spending when the bitcoin price is rising.  So the empirical evidence shows the opposite of your assertions.  When people have more buying power, they are tempted to use it, and they do.  How do you think many of these Bitcoin businesses got started?  The entrepreneurs invested the money they made holding 'deflationary' bitcoins!  They would not have had that money to invest if the price of bitcoin had not risen and increased their wealth.
Besides all that Bitcoin is not actually deflationary.  It is inflating decreasingly over time until 2140.  At least until then, no one 'knows' whether or not the price of bitcoin will be higher at any given point in the future.  We only know the price and conditions today, and we make our spending or investing decisions based on imperfect information about the future, just as all spending and investing decisions are made in any economy in any currency.
@_date: 2014-02-04 09:16:07
Not necessarily.  Dwolla was the primary deposit/withdrawal method for many in the US.
@_date: 2014-03-10 14:39:34


You mean like people who continue to believe that Bitcoin will fail any minute now, even though they've been saying that for years while the ecosystem has continued to grow and the price keeps going up?
@_date: 2014-10-11 11:22:14
Shops currently accept credit cards which take months to 'confirm' (a credit card transaction can be invalidated or reversed for 90 days or whatever).  So no matter how you look at it, accepting a Bitcoin payment is far more secure and far less risky than accepting a credit card payment.
@_date: 2014-03-13 08:27:35
According to the critics, Bitcoin has been dying any day now since at least 2011.  
@_date: 2014-02-17 08:34:57
Bitcoin is the only way to make it rain over the internet with no possibility of chargebacks.
@_date: 2014-10-26 13:28:56
This sort of bickering that hurts the consumer is inevitable with any payment system controlled by companies.
As I see it, there are three choices of payments system types from a merchant perspective:
Type 1 - payment system controlled by your competitor(s) that you don't want to use
Type 2 - payment system controlled by you that your competitors don't want to use
Type 3 - neutral payment system that no one controls and treats all participants equally
Bitcoin is Type 3, and every other solution built on legacy banking is either Type 1 or Type 2.
@_date: 2014-02-26 15:54:12
I'm just telling you what actually happened.  The price and adoption of Bitcoin has increased dramatically, despite critics making those exact same arguments since at least 2011.
@_date: 2014-12-18 14:14:34
He is probably referring to the technology fundamentals.  Bitcoin allows any user to be in complete control of their money on the internet, and send that money to any person in any country, practically instantly and practically free without needing cooperation or permission from any company or bank.  This is possible because of the open source peer to peer decentralized network.  
These features can never be offered by any company or bank, because companies and banks are by nature under the control of a single party.  IMO those are the fundamentals.  Bitcoin is useful and it's only a matter of time before this is realized by influencers, merchants, and eventually the public.
@_date: 2014-04-25 13:18:07
Actually TigerDirect followed them and you're talking about it right now.  
@_date: 2014-05-21 23:59:01
"This whole Bitcoin thing is a bunch of hooey with no intrinsic value.  The only reason we're accepting it is because it's cheaper than credit cards and chargebacks are impossible and customers can use it to pay us from any country.  So it's like, worthless, except as an internet payment network with no central point of control or failure the like of which has never before existed."  At press time Schiff was apparently still oblivious to the value bitcoins and the Bitcoin network are providing his own business.  But he's adamant that EGold II is a really good idea.
@_date: 2014-10-05 12:18:44
Why would you buy a computer, if all you want to do is type a letter an you already have a typewriter?  Because a computer does many other things that cannot by done with a typewriter, in addition to being able to type a letter.  
People in 1985 when the linked article was written didn't know they needed spreadsheets and facebook, because they never considered that something like spreadsheets and facebook could exist.  That didn't mean computers were not useful, and it didn't mean that Apple stock was a bad buy.  It just meant that people did not understand the thing that they were dismissing, just as critcs do not understand Bitcoin now.
Bitcoin is not just a credit card replacement.  Bitcoin allows any person in any country to be in complete control of their own money, and use that money in any way they want without requiring permission from any third party like a bank or Paypal.  We don't know all of the details about what the future holds, but we do know that the permission-less financial innovation that Bitcoin makes possible has the potential to change everything.
@_date: 2014-12-23 13:18:22
Worth watching.  Horowitz clearly explains that Bitcoin solves the problem of having to trust a central third party by providing an open system that nobody owns and anyone can build on.  
@_date: 2014-04-30 11:36:11
Simple, balanced explanation of some of the 'whys' of Bitcoin that you can be comfortable playing for your non-technical friends and relatives.
@_date: 2014-01-24 13:33:42
Got the same.  Looks like a scam.  Originating IP from India, bad spelling, "from" my name, etc etc.
@_date: 2014-06-19 22:30:11
@_date: 2014-08-18 10:35:08
No.  The Lamassu does not ask for ID and neither does Skyhook.  Buying bitcoins does not require ID.  Some ATM operators choose to ask for ID, because they are apparently terrified that they might sell $20 dollars worth of Bitcoin to a criminal, and that criminal might do something bad with the $20 dollars worth of Bitcoin and it will somehow be the fault of the ATM operator instead of the criminal.  
@_date: 2014-03-05 14:31:35
VPSes have never been secure.  First rule of security is secure your physical machine.  A VPS is running on someone else's hardware.  The entity in control of the hardware can image your VPS at any time.
@_date: 2014-03-10 04:06:20


@_date: 2014-07-10 11:05:23
Pushing this "Ripple lite" idea after he starts serving on the Bitcoin Foundation board is borderline conflict of interest and shows a disturbingly common misunderstanding of the benefits of Bitcoin.  With Bitcoin you don't have to trust anybody's promises.  
With Realcoin, you have to trust them to actually redeem your Realcoins to dollars.  This solves no problem.  All this does is put the issuer of Realcoin in place of an existing central institution.  Instead of having to trust a bank with your already digital dollars that are entirely controlled by the bank, you now have to trust Realcoin to redeem your Realcoins.  Realcoins are not decentralized.  Realcoins are not dollars.  Realcoins are not digital dollars.  Realcoins are IOUs for digital dollars and you have to trust the person who owes you.
@_date: 2014-09-09 03:27:43
Been hearing that since June 2011.
@_date: 2014-01-06 18:19:00
Preach on sister.
@_date: 2014-10-09 18:05:26
Coinbase article has misleading title.  Bitcoin is not banned in Russia, it's just a draft bill.  As the article says:


@_date: 2014-08-31 23:24:48
What will happen is merchants will realize there are now two categories of payments.  
Bitcoin payments:  Chargeback rate: 0%
Credit Card payments:  Chargeback rate:  &gt;0%
Once they realize this, they will start offering customers incentives to use Bitcoin to achieve the scenario you describe.  Sooner or later, merchants will start treating Credit Card transactions as the high risk transactions that they are.
@_date: 2014-01-06 19:03:03
I never thought Bitcoin was a ponzi scheme, but I did initially reflexively dismiss it (without doing any research whatsoever), assuming it was worthless imaginary money like facebook credits or amazon coins.  
Then I saw a headline about a currency that was up 3000%, and the article was about this digital currency.  And I thought that can't be right.  So I read up on Bitcoin and I found out it was open source software running on a peer to peer network with no central company controlling it.  Then I found out about the key innovation, the decentralized ledger based on public key cryptography and the proof of work and time stamping methods that make double spending impossible without having to trust in any centralized third party.  
Then I went to Bitcointalk.org and started reading.  What I found were intelligent, educated individuals knowledgeable about economics, cryptography, computer science, and history, who genuinely believed in this incredibly interesting experiment they were all participating in.  These were  academics, entrepreneurs, and developers, not scammers.  I understood that because the software was open source, anyone could review the code and verify that it did exactly what the developers said it did.  I didn't have to trust anyone with my money.
I came to realize that nothing like Bitcoin has ever existed before.  For the first time, anyone in any country can send or receive money to or from anyone else in any country.  They can send any amount, at any time, practically instantly, and practically free, and no one can tell them they are not allowed.  Bitcoin gives anyone with internet access the power to engage in commerce.  Bitcoin is a money that cannot be debased.  No company, government, or bank can create it at will.  Everyone using Bitcoin has to play by the same rules or they don't play.  Bitcoin has nothing in common with a ponzi scheme.
@_date: 2014-08-09 23:38:27
The answer is yes.  But if importing and exporting seems too complicated, you could always just install a wallet on your new computer, and then send your bitcoin from your old wallet to an address at your new wallet on your new computer.  Works just like any other Bitcoin transaction you would send to another person.  
@_date: 2014-03-12 14:33:33
It's money that moves at the speed of email, instead of at the speed of a bank.  It's money that can't be counterfeited.  It's money that works in any country irrespective of the banking system in that country.  It's money that any person in any country can choose to use.  It's money that does not depend on any single point of failure, like a bank, that could renege on it's obligations.
@_date: 2014-01-24 15:03:52
Obviously bitcoins are the currency of Next Sunday, A.D.
@_date: 2014-12-11 14:53:43
It is not an exact quote.  However the Mastercard exec strongly implies that any method of transaction that does not go through a trusted third party like Mastercard is suspicious and must be assumed to be criminal.
@_date: 2014-02-05 17:57:12
So... you mean Alice, not the owner of the ATM, can fund the ATM with bitcoins.  Later, Bob, also not the owner of the ATM, buys bitcoins with cash from the ATM.  Eventually, Alice returns, provides cryptographic proof of previous ownership of the sold bitcoins to the owner of the ATM, who then pays Alice cash in exchange for the bitcoins she funded the ATM with at the beginning.  Is this correct?
@_date: 2014-04-22 15:48:19
Rickards' actual article [here]( is a lot less wrongheaded than the title of this post leads us to believe.  Obviously, pegging Bitcoin to gold misses the point of Bitcoin.  However a lot of the other things Rickards said shows he is learning about Bitcoin.
"Bitcoin is a digital currency backed by nothing. If that sounds strange, it shouldnt. The dollar is also a digital currency backed by nothing. Its true we have a few paper dollars in our purse or wallet, but these are mere tokens of dollarness. The overwhelming majority of dollar transactions, from credit cards to the government bond market are digital.... "
"Dollars come from computers at the Federal Reserve. Bitcoins come from computers all over the world not controlled by any central bank or government. This is also not as strange as it seems. In 1999, a decade before bitcoin was invented, Milton Friedman said, The internet is going to one of the major forces reducing the role of government. The one thing thats missing, but will soon be developed, is a reliable e-cash, a method whereby  you can transfer funds from A to B without A knowing B. That is exactly what bitcoin is."
"Bitcoin skeptics are quick to point to the recent failure of bitcoin bank, Mt. Gox, as evidence that the phenomena will be short-lived. But regulated brokers doing business in dollars fail all the time. Look no further than Lehman Brothers, whose failure marked the death of that firm, but not the dollars demise. Currencies exist independent of the entities that use them. The Mt. Gox failure is a speed bump, not the end of the road."
It seems to me he is starting to get it.  He just hasn't realized that not being shackled to a physical commodity is a strength, not a weakness.  If your digital currency is shackled to gold, it cannot be decentralized and trustless because the party holding the gold must  be trusted to keep it safe and produce it on demand.  As the US government and the other central banks of the world have shown us, third party promises to convert their currencies to gold cannot be trusted.  That's the problem a decentralized digital currency solves.
@_date: 2014-02-11 18:34:01
Informative article with a somewhat inflammatory title.
TLDR:  Jeff Garzik, Andreas Antonopoulos, the Bitstamp team, mining pools and core devs all agree that no funds are at risk and this attempted DDOS is a little more than annoying temporary issue that will be fixed shortly.
This event is less significant than the blockchain fork last March, which Bitcoin survived.
@_date: 2014-11-18 01:06:50
You can send your coins out of your Coinbase wallet and into a different wallet to which you keep the private keys.  The private keys to the Coinbase wallet would remain under the control of Coinbase, but it doesn't matter at that point because your coins are now in a different wallet that you control.
@_date: 2014-01-21 14:27:42
Step one: Acquire Bitcoin.  This is the hard part.  Depending on what country you are in, you might be able to use an online exchange like Bitstamp or the like.  This will take a while the first time you do it, because the exchange will have to verify your identity because of banking regulations and you will have to transfer fiat into the exchange with the attendant delays.  Alternately, you could buy bitcoins from someone in person with cash.  The most famous way of setting that up is through localbitcoins.com.  In person exchange has the advantage of being as quick as you like and it works in any country.  Exact fees will of course depend on what you can agree on with the seller.  (As a third possibility, if you're really lucky, you might be able to find a Bitcoin ATM to buy from.  But there are very few of these as of today).
Step Two:  Set up a Coinbase.com account on behalf of your parents in the US.  There will be a delay the first time you do this as your parents identities are verified because of banking regulations.  Their Coinbase account will be linked to their US checking account.  Once they are verified on Coinbase, proceed to step three.
Step Three:  Send the bitcoins you bought to your parents' Coinbase address.  This is the easy part.  This is the part that is "Bitcoin".
Step Four:  Your parents sell the Bitcoin on Coinbase for a 1% fee and dollars are transferred to their US checking account.
If you parents do not have a US bank account, you can skip steps two and four and just have your parents sell the bitcoins they receive via localbitcoins.com the same way you bought them.  Of course they would have to be comfortable doing this, but the option is there.
The sending bitcoins part is easy.  The complicated part is buying bitcoins and selling bitcoins.  This should get easier over time as more Bitcoin ATMs and exchanges proliferate.
@_date: 2014-01-09 13:51:04


@_date: 2014-04-20 23:15:55
This is why individuals should be encouraged to mine with their own equipment and not buy shares in these mining companies.  
@_date: 2014-08-03 10:59:18
You will not make your money back unless you have free electricity.  That said, you will gross about $30 worth of bitcoin per month at the current difficulty before electricity costs.  So if your goal is just to support the network, get a little coin and mine for fun, you could do worse than getting an SC single.  Cheaper is better of course.
This calculator is useful:
@_date: 2015-05-05 20:30:04


Exactly.  Lawful or not, if you don't control your own keys the custodian of the keys can take your Bitcoin.  Whether you 'own' it legally or not is academic at that point.  Do you really want to have to take legal action to access your own money months or years after it was taken from you?  The major benefit of Bitcoin is that you control your own money, while retaining the ability to send it anywhere over the internet at will without having to use the services of any custodian.  There is reason why there is a saying "Possession is 90% of the law".
@_date: 2014-08-03 12:22:18
That was in 2010 when almost no one knew Bitcoin existed and it was trading for pennies.  Very few people had any incentive to look at the code at that time.  Now there are hundreds of millions of dollars invested so there is a much higher incentive to perform careful code review.  Today, hackers know about Bitcoin and are trying to break it constantly.  Yet Bitcoin remains unbroken.
Even if something like that were to occur, it could be fixed by user consensus.  If everyone agrees that the bug is bad, each user can still choose to roll back to the version that fixes the bug.  That is what happened after the 2010 incident, and that is what happened after the March 2013 blockchain fork.  Beneficial changes that have user consensus are not difficult.  
@_date: 2014-02-09 16:42:56
So the critics have been saying for years now.  Nonetheless, the number of people and businesses buying, spending, and accepting bitcoins keeps increasing.  Are these people and businesses 'average'?  I don't know, and I don't think it matters.  Bitcoin exists.  Bitcoin makes possible monetary applications not possible without Bitcoin.   Any person, average or not, can choose to use it if they want to.  And some people are choosing to use it.
@_date: 2014-12-27 13:04:42
A blockchain is pointless if it is under the control of a central bank.  There is nothing keeping the central bank honest if it is the only one who can mine a block.  The point of the blockchain is to allow disparate actors who don't trust each other to come to a consensus by means of an impartial mathematical process that works the same way for all of them.  Central banks do not work on consensus with everyone else.  They work by dictate.  
@_date: 2014-04-24 20:22:18
TLDR: 'experts' still have no idea what Bitcoin is or why it's important.


Yeah.  And the bank can manipulate those ones and zeros in any way it pleases.  It can create more of them at will.  It can deny you access to your ones and zeros.
The important thing about Bitcoin is not that it's 'digital'.  The important thing is that it's *decentralized*.  No single entity can manipulate the supply or deny you access to your own funds held in a wallet you control.  Digital dollars do not have these features and can never have these features due to their centralized nature.


It is not possible to send a $100 dollar bill over the internet.  
@_date: 2014-07-30 12:02:24
Bitcoin is working just fine.  Bitcoin can take all the time it wants.  It has no shareholders, no quarterly reporting requirements, no schedules, no deadlines.  It doesn't care about the price, number of users, exchanges, regulations, prejudices, profitability of particular companies... it does what it does, and people can choose to use it if they want to.  
Should we have stopped 'cheer leading' after the June 2011 'bubble' or the April 2013 'bubble'?  Obviously not.  Bitcoin has grown exponentially since then, and it is likely to continue in the future for all the same reasons.
Transactions per day since the genesis block:
@_date: 2014-08-11 11:21:20


Because their own coin will *not* have the benefits of Bitcoin.  Bitcoin is not controlled by any one entity.  Why would Bank of America use a coin controlled by Chase?  Chase could devalue the coin by creating more at any time.  Chase could stop payments and freeze funds.  The whole point of Bitcoin is that it follows strict mathematical rules that cannot be manipulated by any single party and work the same for everyone.  That's why mining is crucial.  Anyone who wants to stop your payment has to gain *and maintain* a majority of the 169,313,773 gigahashes of mining power securing the Bitcoin network.  All Chasecoin would need to stop a payment is permission from Chase.  Chasecoin requires that everyone using it trust Chase.  With Bitcoin you trust no one.  With Bitcoin you trust the math.  The math is publicly known and verifiable.  The math works the same for any person in any country.  Chase is opaque and subject to human whims, biases, fund seizures, corruption, etc.
It's not about ideology, it's about counter party risk.  A ChaseCoin has counter party risk for anyone who is not Chase.  Bitcoin has no counter party risk, or more accurately the counter party risk is spread out over the hundreds of thousands of miners located all over the world in many different jurisdictions.  Central banks trust gold because it has value independent of any bank or government, in other words no counter party risk.  That's the same reason we trust Bitcoin.  
Bitcoin is reliable in a way that no centralized bank imitator coin can ever be.  Bitcoin does not need permission from any bank, company or government.  If the math works, Bitcoin works.  That's why it's revolutionary.  Decentralization via mining power is absolutely crucial to the value of the system.  No centralized imitator can ever duplicate the benefits of *de*centralization because a centralized imitator brings counter party risk.
@_date: 2014-04-24 20:49:16
Interviews with Overstock CEO Patrick Byrne about why they accept Bitcoin specifically say that accepting Bitcoin is cheaper for them.


@_date: 2014-06-13 17:14:37
Bitcoin is valuable because it is decentralized and therefore no one can prevent anyone else from making a transaction.  With only one dominant pool, that pool can refuse process transactions, and Bitcoin becomes Paypal with a different name and the value disappears.  If miners like yourself do not act to keep Bitcoin decentralized, you will sacrifice your own investment when your hardware become worthless.  
@_date: 2014-03-10 14:24:31
The miner states he has one petahash.  The network is currently 30 petahases according to bitcoincharts.  So it's more like 3% of the total network hashrate.
@_date: 2014-12-19 13:59:48
That might be bad for companies trying to sell ASICs, but it does not have any negative effect on Bitcoin itself.  The Bitcoin network is already the most powerful and secure computing network in existence by far in terms of hashpower.  Dropping a few petahashes is no big deal.
If mining becomes unprofitable for some miners, they will turn off their rigs, causing a difficulty drop.  The difficulty drop makes mining more profitable for the miners who are still mining.  If the difficulty drops too far, mining will get 'easier' and more profitable and more miners will start mining, driving the difficulty back up.  This is normal, expected behavior.
@_date: 2014-04-20 17:08:44
Already starting to happen:
@_date: 2014-12-19 13:32:55
Difficulty dropping is not a problem.  Difficulty is intended to adjust to keep the block generation time at an average of 10 minutes per block.  Difficulty tends to follow price under 'normal' circumstances.   We are now approaching what passes for normal in terms of the difficulty / price relationship, meaning we have reached the end of the GPU to ASIC mining hardware paradigm shift.  It doesn't mean anything negative for Bitcoin.  It's simply the network operating as designed.
@_date: 2014-04-29 17:12:04
There is no need to pay that much.  13GB a day is only 390GB per month.  Chunkhost will give you a VPS for $9 a month that includes 2TB of bandwidth.  And you can even pay in Bitcoin!
@_date: 2014-06-18 12:39:33
It's interesting to me that Bitcoin doesn't care what country the money is coming from.  In theory, ~~Bitpay~~ Coinbase could convert the BTC payments of UK customers directly into USD and drop it in Overstock's US bank account.
Not sure exactly what legal and operational factors would come into play there.
@_date: 2014-12-27 01:51:43
@_date: 2014-06-18 13:52:07
Wow, his comments on Bitcoin are much more reasonable than last time, when he just said "it's a bubble".  Progress!








@_date: 2014-01-09 22:10:02
Agreed.  Paying a large entity to manage large amounts of the mining hashpower is the real dangerous trend.  Individuals who want to fight this can do so by mining themselves with their own equipment.
@_date: 2014-07-10 01:01:44
This is the correct answer.  It is not difficult to buy bitcoins!  It's only difficult to send dollars over the internet.  I can buy bitcoins with cash from any person at any time in seconds.  I can accept payment in bitcoins just as easily.  It's digital dollars that are problematic.
@_date: 2014-08-17 00:51:14
Bitcoin is not a stock
@_date: 2014-12-08 13:51:53
A politician from Venezuela, where the electricity is cheap and the currency is inflating.  Nothing mysterious about it!


Coincidence?  [Venezuela's annual inflation rises to 63.4%](
@_date: 2014-07-06 10:53:10
Because bitcoins work from any country, to any country, for every person with an internet connection and cannot be used to make fraudulent chargebacks.
@_date: 2014-12-19 13:24:05
Did laws that tax bartering end bartering?  Bitcoin is not ended in Australia.  The Bitcoin network still works in every country, including Australia.  Peer-to-peer payments can still be sent between Bitcoin users in every country, including Australia.  Miners can still mine bitcoins in Australia.  
@_date: 2014-01-09 14:29:25
I tend to think miners should already know how to point at a pool.  But just in case:  
The details depend what mining software you are using but here is an example using the popular cgminer software:
cgminer -o ** -u username -p password
The bold is where you enter your pool address of choice.
You should visit the website of your chosen pool where you will probably have to sign up for an account and follow the instructions about how exactly to connect and receive your BTC rewards.
Here are some legit pools to choose from:
Eligius - 
Slush - 
Bitminter - 
EclipseMC - 
OZcoin - 
@_date: 2014-09-13 12:21:30
Misleading title.  Bitcoin not banned in Russia.
@_date: 2015-05-25 12:25:14
Bitcoin does seem to fit the money he is describing:


Bitcoin is valuable because of it's utility.  Bitcoin is politically neutral and cannot be used by a government to exert pressures via inflationary devaluation or denial of access.  
No copycat product released by a government or company can ever have these properties, because the government or company will always try to limit access and maintain control.
@_date: 2014-07-14 11:41:03


@_date: 2014-04-17 17:28:01
An attacker can withdraw money from your checking account with only the checking account number and routing number.  
@_date: 2014-02-14 20:17:42
Be careful not to confuse "Bitcoin" with a company selling bitcoins.  "Bitcoin" does not require ID.  Online sellers of bitcoins require ID because banks require ID because of regulations and the reversible nature of payments made via the legacy banking system.
If you want to buy bitcoins the easy way, go to a local meetup or use localbitcoins.com to buy bitcoins from someone in person with cash.  It's just like buying a cup of coffee.  You give them cash, they send you bitcoins, no forms, no waiting.
If it were up to bitcoin enthusiasts, there would two-way bitcoin ATMs on every corner by now.  The only reason it's hard to buy Bitcoins is because of regulations and banks.
@_date: 2014-01-05 20:40:10
Because you can't send cash over the internet from any country without permission from a centralized third party.
@_date: 2014-02-14 04:10:00
Those companies are third parties, but they are not necessary to the functioning of Bitcoin.  Those are companies that provide various services that are external to the Bitcoin network.  For example, MtGox exchanges bitcoins for dollars.  MtGox is not bitcoin.  If people store bitcoins on the MtGox website, and they cannot withdraw them for some reason, it is not a problem with Bitcoin.  It is a problem with the MtGox website.
Bitcoin is when I have a Bitcoin wallet running on my own PC, you have a Bitcoin wallet running on your PC, and I send you bitcoins.  This transaction happens without requiring the permission of any centralized third party.  This allows any two actors on the internet to transact with each other at will, provided they have agreed to use bitcoins as the means to transact.
@_date: 2014-12-09 14:41:57
If you try this, you will find out that it doesn't work that way.
First of all, mining is not 'free'.  Computers (ASICs) cost money, and electricity costs money.
Second, miners are performing work.  They are not living 'for free'.  They are securing the network against attack, processing transactions, and helping the money to be distributed in a decentralized manner.  The fact that anyone can mine enables Bitcoin to exist as a digital money network that anyone in any country can use online without needing permission from any company or bank.  This is not possible without miners and decentralized mining.
@_date: 2014-02-05 16:18:04
They have existed for several months at least.  They were part of the 'Unknown' slice on the blockchain.info chart.  
They have been shown on this list for some time:
@_date: 2014-01-13 14:09:57


I hope this means integration with GoldMoney.
@_date: 2014-08-10 19:09:51


Has he been found guilty in a court of law before a jury of his peers?  If so, I will return the coins of my own free will.  If not, he is innocent until proven guilty, just as you or I would be.


This scenario would be no different if he had paid with a credit card, except that it would be up to me to determine if he was lying or not, as opposed to some third party middleman.  If the buyer wants to use escrow, that possibility is still available.  The difference is that with Bitcoin, we have a choice whether to use escrow or not, instead of being forced to use the escrow of Visa or Paypal in order to transact.
@_date: 2014-03-11 21:15:13
If I can use bitcoins to buy an item on Overstock.com, then Overstock.com accepts bitcoins.  Your argument is like saying a supermarket doesn't really accept Visa because they use a merchant services provider to actually process the payment and later deposit dollars in their bank account.


The merchant is benefiting economically from using Bitcoin as a payment system instead of the legacy alternatives.  Critics try to imply that this is not a big deal, but actual merchants who accept Bitcoin like Overstock say otherwise.  
Over time, as merchants and the public become more comfortable holding bitcoins, more merchants will start to see the utility of holding bitcoins in inventory for transactional purposes with vendors or whoever.  There is nothing wrong with them testing the waters by converting to dollars if that makes sense for their business needs.
@_date: 2014-01-12 13:11:25
Misleading title.  Individuals can still make deposits to Huobi using their bank account.
@_date: 2014-01-06 20:08:10
Bitcoin:  Collapsing Any Minute Now Since 2011
@_date: 2014-08-20 11:05:19
New York could learn from the below


@_date: 2014-08-05 11:14:44
Didn't Bitpay announce an integration with Toshiba POS systems a while back?  Not sure if receipt with QR code is an option or not but it seems reasonable.
Found it: 
@_date: 2014-03-10 14:26:41
He does not have 11%.  He states he has one petahash.  That's only about 3% of the network hashrate.  It would make sense for him to be a solo miner as opposed to working with a pool.
@_date: 2014-03-12 12:44:48


That does not mean what you appear to think it means.  That means if you buy a product with bitcoins that would normally accrue a VAT charge if you bought the same item with pounds, it still accrues a VAT charge as normal.
If you use pounds to purchase bitcoins, there is no VAT on that transaction.  The HMRC statement is very clear on this.
@_date: 2015-05-19 11:41:16
Maybe you don't want your router to be able to take money out of your main wallet?  Having it's own wallet separately funded puts an upper limit on how much it can spend.  The owner can obviously 'top up' or withdraw from his router wallet at any time.
The point of the device mining itself is to enable it to acquire bitcoin in a way that does not require any sort of banking infrastructure or user intervention.  A mining, bitcoin aware router could interact with other bitcoin aware devices without the owner necessarily needing to learn about bitcoin if he didn't want to.  A self contained solution like this would work in any country.
@_date: 2015-05-05 19:15:23
From a strictly technological perspective, Bitcoin would be difficult to totally stop.  An arms race would ensue.  A given government could force ISPs to block Bitcoin traffic via Deep Packet Inspection, but encrypting Bitcoin traffic over VPNs, TLS, Tor or the like would bypass this unless encryption itself was also banned.  Of course Bitcoin nodes in other jurisdictions would keep on working as normal.  Worst case Bitcoin transactions can be communicated over radio or other out of band methods.  
From a practical stand point the more effective approach would be for a government to pass a law with punishments for those who transact using Bitcoin.  This would scare many people in that jurisdiction away from using it, thereby reducing demand by some percentage and causing some downward pressure on the price.  This effect could be counterbalanced by those who still want the now illegal bitcoins being willing to pay a premium to acquire them (in that jurisdiction).  Users in other jurisdictions would be unaffected.  
Nobody really knows exactly how it would turn out but it would definitely be interesting.
@_date: 2015-05-07 02:55:12
There has to be some judge or lawyer somewhere who recognizes that this presumption of guilt without trial is wrong.  These laws need to be taken to court and struck down as unconstitutional.
@_date: 2014-01-15 18:37:25
That works too.  In terms of looking for a central target to regulate, I think "the community" and "no one" mean basically the same thing in practical terms.  
@_date: 2014-02-07 17:49:56
Misleading title.  Mt. Gox has not closed or stopped trading.  
@_date: 2014-07-15 11:18:52
Bitcoin itself is not a scam.  The Bitcoin open source software network follows publicly verifiable rules that work the same for everyone.
There are some dishonest people and companies who try to scam people *using* bitcoins, the same way there are dishonest people and companies who try to scam people using dollars.  We all need to be careful about who we trust with our money.
@_date: 2014-03-14 17:18:52
You don't have to buy a whole bitcoin.  Bitcoins are divisible down to eight decimal places.  You can buy 10 EUR worth if you want.
EDIT: Sorry, I thought you were talking about the price of BTC.  Disregard.  
@_date: 2014-12-28 03:28:54
Google translation:
In the first phase, citizens over 18 will start from December 24 this registration process. The process will continue until February 2015, when an estimated initiate electronic transactions nationwide.
Ecuadorians can tell from this December 24 with the electronic money, provided by the financial system of the country as an inclusion mechanism to facilitate transactions among the population.
According to general manager of the Central Bank, Mateo Villalba, the first stage of this new proposal is the possibility of opening an account for free to dispose of electronic currency. In February 2015 persons who have complied with this requirement may make their first moves.
To start the registration process, all Ecuadorians over 18 must send a message from your mobile phone * 153  For security reasons, according to the provisions of the Central Bank, children, tourists and foreigners may not be registered.
Citizens of other countries who already have certificate of the country may be part of this system, which according to Villalba, is expected to move next year about 10 million mobile money.
@_date: 2014-04-23 18:37:42
Ed Moy, former director of the United States Mint, has written some articles recognizing the validity of the Bitcoin idea.  


@_date: 2015-05-17 11:50:32
Why do you assume bitcoins must be received from the US?  Bitcoin is borderless and mining works in every country.  It should be possible to purchase coins from a country that does not sanction Sudan.  You could even mine bitcoins yourself and become a source for other locals.
@_date: 2015-05-08 12:55:06
So you already know how to get bitcoins, you're just choosing not to.  You don't want to travel, you don't want to mine, you don't know what to sell.  It seems to me that you're not really that desperate.  If you really want to get bitcoins, you can go buy some from someone who has them, exactly the way you would any physical item.
Use your local fiat to buy silver.  Contact Amagi Metals.  Explain that you want to sell them silver in return for Bitcoin.  Did you try that?  Let me guess - there is no working shipping company in your entire country.  You don't want to risk losing the silver in transit and insurance is too expensive, right?  You already know how to get bitcoins.  
@_date: 2014-03-04 16:40:27
That would make sense.  But the website just says Bitstamp currently.
@_date: 2014-04-24 14:07:52
There was nothing irrational about the choice to use email.  Email allowed two parties anywhere on the planet to communicate at will, practically instantly and practically free, which was not possible with legacy communication systems.  It only seemed impractical to 'average' people because it was unfamiliar and they didn't understand the potential power.
There is likewise nothing irrational about using Bitcoin today.  You can't send dollars over the internet to anyone in any country in any amount at will. But you can send Bitcoin.  
Businesses in all countries cannot accept dollars over the internet from customers or vendors from all countries without accepting the burdensome terms of service of third party mediators.  But they can accept Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-08-03 12:34:40
Yes, that's what I said above.  And it did not kill Bitcoin, because miners and users who had upgraded chose of their own free will to roll back to the previous version to maintain consensus with the majority of the older nodes.  There is no reason to believe that any future issues would not play out in a similar fashion.
@_date: 2017-02-08 04:16:18
Gavin is a really nice guy but sometimes I wonder if he ever really got what Bitcoin is about.
A thousand years ago, in the first (I think) State of Bitcoin address that he gave in Prague in 2011, he said 'I don't care about miners'.  That baffled me.  How can a guy who is the lead developer of Bitcoin, the entire point of which is to eliminate a central controlling third party between transactors, not care about miners, the very actors in the system who are making this decentralization possible?  In the beginning all users were miners.  Mining and full nodes are what make Bitcoin Bitcoin.  But already then he seemed to want people not to think about that. He was all about getting as many ordinary people on board as possible, whether or not they understood anything about what decentralized, independently verifiable, uncensorable money was or why it was important.  


Does he seriously consider security and decentralization to be 'little things'?  It seems to be a common theme in the BU/BC argument.  They see no problem with huge BU blocks eliminating small miners, because mining decentralization is a little thing to them, not worth worrying about.  Like an ordinary person would never want to verify his own transactions with his own fully validated copy of the blockchain, because he can just trust somebody else to tell him if his money is real or not.  In that case why not just trust a bank?
Bitcoin is whatever my fully validating peer node software says it is.  I do not consent to allow a simple majority of other nodes to silently raise the blocksize out from under me until there are so few miners and full nodes that Bitcoin can be censored with a phone call to the CEO of some bank-like company.  At that point Bitcoin would cease to be Bitcoin.  Therefore my node will reject any such 'emergent consensus' blocks as invalid.  Changing Bitcoin is and should be hard, so it cannot happen without consensus.  If consensus is hard to get about a change, then the change is probably not truly urgent.  
Meanwhile, Bitcoin continues to function as decentralized, independently verifiable digital money, the rules of which can be relied upon to be the same as they were yesterday.  Reliability is good.
@_date: 2014-03-07 14:34:05


@_date: 2014-01-14 23:11:45
The following are all good pools:
Eligius - 
Slush - 
Bitminter - 
EclipseMC - 
OZcoin - 
BTCGuild - 
@_date: 2014-03-07 03:37:23
Bitcoin is full of days like this.  The day Bitpay got funded.  The Wordpress announcement.  The Reddit announcement.  Blockchain fork day.  The day we first hit $100.  The day it peaked at $266 and then crashed.  The Silkroad shutdown crash / rally.  The Senate hearings.  Charlie's arrest.  China.  Overstock.  Satoshi / not Satoshi / real Satoshi.  The fun never stops.
@_date: 2014-04-20 16:43:22
Merchants, especially online sellers of digital goods like web hosting, will slowly but inevitably realize the advantages of taking Bitcoin instead of more expensive and reversible methods that only work in certain countries.  They will promote the use of Bitcoin to their customers with monetary incentives (discounts).  Bitcoin vending machines (without ID verification nonsense like the Lamassu) will slowly proliferate.  Internet consumers, especially younger consumers, will slowly realize that Bitcoin makes more sense for online transactions than other methods (consumer does not have to give up personal info, works for anyone in any country, can send money to their friends at will with no one taking a cut, still works if a given company goes out of business, etc etc).  Thousands of disparate technologists around the world excited about Bitcoin's potential will continue to educate their friends, families and colleagues as they have been doing now, but more so as their numbers grow.  Eventually, when consumer tools are more polished than they are now and Bitcoin is easier to acquire than it is now, Bitcoin related companies with investor capital will start marketing themselves to the appropriate demographics via the usual methods like TV.  Slowly brick and mortar retailers will begin to realize that this crazy internet money with low fees and no chargebacks works at Point of Sale as well as online.  Individuals will slowly realize that they can transact with each other directly over the internet using this crazy thing.  It actually is kinda like a bank account in your pocket, without that pesky bank.
But the most effective method of helping a person to realize how amazing Bitcoin is simply to give them a small amount of it in a real (not web) Bitcoin wallet under their own control and let them play around with it.  Let them experience that they can actually buy stuff, can send money to anyone they want.  Let them see that it doesn't depend on any bank or website, and yes it still works no matter what your name is or what country you're in or from.  For extra fun, send them coins using QR codes over a video conference.  That's always a crowd-pleaser, especially if the person you're sending to lives in a different country than you with a different banking system than your own.
TLDR:  Bitcoin evangelizes itself by means of experiencing its useful features.  It'll be a slow burn, but it's only a matter of time.
@_date: 2015-05-21 18:20:21
OrganofCorti ascribes most of the unknown to someone called BW Pool:
@_date: 2014-10-14 22:53:47
The price varies because the demand is unstable.  The demand is unstable because market actors don't know how to value it.  They don't know how to value it because nothing like Bitcoin has ever existed before.  No one knows to what extent it will be adopted or to what extent it will succeed.  No one knows all of the different uses it may or may not be put to.  No one knows what laws may or may not be passed in certain jurisdictions and how that will effect the demand.  This is all uncharted territory and we are witnessing market price discovery.  The price of crude oil was volatile for the first few years for many of the same reasons.
@_date: 2015-05-07 11:06:56
I don't think 'inability to come to consensus' is a good way to characterize the situation.  The Bitcoin network *is* at consensus.  The consensus is 1MB blocks.  Changing consensus of independently thinking peers with different ideas is hard, as the link demonstrates.  It's supposed to be hard so no one can arbitrarily manipulate it.
Consider democracy.  In a monarchy, a king simply makes a decree and it becomes law instantly.  He doesn't have to convince anyone and he has no need to compromise.  In democracy, months and years go by as peers debate pros and cons and attempt to convince a majority to agree with their views.  There are checks and balances to prevent any one entity from acting independently to promote their own interests at the expense of the other peers.
Like democracy, Bitcoin changes are slow because changing consensus is hard.  It's supposed to be hard the way passing laws is supposed to be hard and convicting someone of a crime is supposed to be hard.
@_date: 2014-08-29 23:45:09
Again, totally false from my personal experience.  I have no connections to any mining equipment manufacturer.  I built my own gpu rigs back in June 2011.  They paid themselves off and then some, operating profitably well into 2013.  I ordered BFL singles that were delivered in October 2013.  Paid off in two weeks.
You cannot measure in bitcoins for mining, and then measure in dollars for buying and holding.  If you're thinking in bitcoins, then buying and holding bitcoins does not make you any money, because one bitcoin is always worth one bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-05-24 12:09:30
Bitcoin allows any person on the internet to set up a stream and receive payment from any other person on the internet, at will.  The streamer does not need permission from any credit card processor or bank.  The payer does not need permission from any credit card issuer or bank.  All traditional payment methods require permission from credit card companies and banks and therefore do not work for every person in every country.
@_date: 2014-06-16 00:53:04
It's always possible to get hacked.  However if you maintain good security hygiene you should be ok.  Using Linux and NoScript will prevent 98% of attacks.  Make sure your wallet is encrypted with a strong passphrase.  Regularly backup your wallet file.  Remember, with Bitcoin, security is your responsibility.  
@_date: 2017-02-18 01:24:30
Because only miners are doing the Proof of Work that creates valid blocks.  It is only the Proof of Work that solves the Byzantine General's problem, and only the Proof of Work that cannot be faked.  
No one can tell anyone else what 'has' to be done for Bitcoin to succeed.  All participants in the Bitcoin network are equal.  There is no permission required to become a Bitcoin miner.  Anyone who wants to help Bitcoin succeed is free to start mining themselves.  No one can stop you from signaling for Segwit or running whatever code you want.
@_date: 2014-07-20 10:08:53


I like that perspective.  It seems reasonable.  Members of a pool perform work, and are paid by the pool operator in Bitcoin at regular intervals.
IANAL either... however it seems that when it comes to AML and anything arguably terrorism financing related (read: any time anyone does anything with money anywhere), the US is willing to attempt to enforce laws across national borders.  The extent to which this applies to the NYDFS proposed rules I don't know.
@_date: 2014-12-19 13:48:54
Fair enough, but it's still a misleading title.  Nothing has 'ended' Bitcoin in Australia.  If a person wants to use Bitcoin in Australia, Bitcoin still works.  Even if every business selling bitcoins in Australia shuts down or moves offshore, the publicly accessible, open source, peer-to-peer Bitcoin network still works in Australia.
@_date: 2014-05-25 11:23:44
2011 was prehistoric in Bitcoin terms.  These days the IRS has officially recognized it as property and Bloomberg is tracking the price.  The inventor of the Netscape browser has said it's the biggest thing since the internet.  I think we can safely roll our eyes at anyone who still thinks Bitcoin is a ponzi scheme.
You don't have to aggressively push it on people.  Just one line (or QR code in the corner of your vid) that says "Donations accepted" and the BTC address.  It costs nothing and you can accept donations from any person in any country and you don't need permission from Paypal, Google, or anyone else.  It's hard to see a downside.  IMO it's inevitable that it will become the norm sooner or later due to the fact that Bitcoin is the only internet payment method any person in any country can accept with no barrier to entry whatsoever.
@_date: 2014-03-07 22:17:59
Andrea Castillo is fired up!
@_date: 2015-05-19 12:33:42
You should build your fairer system and try to get people to use it.  
@_date: 2014-02-21 09:33:28
Yes, difficulty will drop if hash power drops.  This is a normal function of the network.  The reason it hasn't dropped in a long time is because of the move from GPUs to ASICs, which greatly increased the hash power of the network, combined with the explosion in popularity of Bitcoin in 2013 which brought more individuals and companies into mining.  This also is the way the network was designed to function.
You can see some historical difficulty charts here:
The last time the difficulty dropped was January 2013.
@_date: 2014-03-12 01:43:20
The important thing about Bitcoin is that it is decentralized.  There is no way the Fed would release an open source decentralized currency that anyone could mine equally.  The Fed exists to manipulate the money supply.  The whole point of Bitcoin is that *no one* can manipulate the money supply.  No coin controlled by any single entity can ever be Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2015-05-13 14:14:04
Interesting question.  If stock in a functioning company was worth $5 but the colored coin stock certificate was worth $10, then a person wanting to buy one share of stock would not be able to pay less than $10 for it, assuming the colored coins could still be spent as bitcoins like other non-colored bitcoins.  Which would seem to be a problem.  I'm not sure if colored coins can be spent like non-colored coins or not, or if they can be 'un-colored'.  
@_date: 2014-07-18 11:25:23
Actually there was a smallish (by today's standards) convention in New York, summer 2011.  That's probably the one Voorhees is referring to.  This was before Bitcoin was cool in Silicon Valley.
@_date: 2015-05-12 22:10:34
I think the intent is that the colored coin itself would *be* the stock certificate. 
@_date: 2017-02-23 23:41:52
That was the most positive mainstream media piece I've seen that didn't have Matt Miller in it
@_date: 2014-01-06 21:21:59
Put me down for caring.  Hash power should not be concentrated in only a few places.  This is why I think it is damaging to tell all newbies that they should not mine.  If individuals do not mine, then all hash power will trend toward large data centers that can be attacked, commandeered, or shut down.  
Individuals mining works against centralization.  Anyone who has the skills of a typical IT person is capable of mining with a small ASIC in their home office, and as far as I'm concerned this should be encouraged.  
New Bitcoin users should be taught that decentralization is what makes Bitcoin Bitcoin.  If 51% of hash power lives in 'cloud' data centers owned by two companies, it's hardly better than Paypal.  Two companies can be pressured to build in restrictions almost as easily as one company.  This scenario is not so bad with pools such as BTCGuild, where (presumably) most of the hash power is contributed by smaller miners who can fail over to a different pool if BTCGuild should go rogue.  But in a situation where there is a company like Cex.IO or whoever that actually owns all the equipment that makes up a big chunk of the network hashpower, in my mind that is a problem.  
Since there is nothing that we can do to prevent them from mining with lots of hash power, the way users who care about Bitcoin can fight it is by mining themselves in smaller pools or with P2Pool.  The more individual miners there are, the more decentralized Bitcoin is and the harder it will be for any one mining concern to gain a majority.
@_date: 2014-04-20 13:32:08




@_date: 2015-05-24 11:59:54
Credit cards do not work for every person in every country.  Credit cards require the streamer to acquire a merchant account with a bank-like company.  This bank-like company has the power to shut off the streamer's ability to accept payments if they don't like what he is doing.  Also, 3.5% fee + $0.15
@_date: 2015-05-20 11:45:45
Supposedly it will be much cheaper (because 21 is expecting income later from the device mining).
@_date: 2015-05-16 01:16:49
Your blockchain is vulnerable to everything you are vulnerable to.  You can be pressured by government.  You can be targeted by skilled attackers.  You can be tempted to disconnect 'peers' who disagree with you.  You can threaten others by refusing to process their transactions.  
The 'expensive' hashing is there to prevent any party, including the creator of the system, from arbitrarily manipulating the system.
@_date: 2014-12-13 12:04:07
So many good posters on your site!  Nicely done.
@_date: 2014-06-27 12:01:31




@_date: 2017-02-22 12:34:18
I feel like it needs to be clarified that the reason they don't 'need' a blockchain for fintech stuff is that fintech stuff has no intention of creating a system in which any person in any country can be in full control of his own digital money without having to ask permission from a gatekeeper.  They don't 'need' a blockchain because they start with the assumption that R3 and it's partner banks can be trusted to control your money and they believe all users of their system should believe the same thing.  They don't need a blockchain because their trust model is the same centralized trust model banks have always used.
They don't 'need' a blockchain because it is not possible for a centralized, bank-like entity to offer the services to users that the decentralized permissionless Bitcoin blockchain offers.  
@_date: 2015-05-18 11:55:05
Actually almost all Doctorow's books are available for free download on his website under a Creative Commons license.
@_date: 2017-02-23 00:23:26
I think that viewpoint conflates two different things: the buy/sell transaction between buyer and seller vs the third party exchange's promise to pay.
Money held on an exchange is never real money.  It's only a promise that the exchange will allow the transacting parties to withdraw later.  This promise can always be broken.  The market price at the time isn't really relevant to this fact.
The parties who bought or sold at the high made the decision to buy or sell at that price.  The deal was made between the buyer and the seller, it was as real as any other trade.  The third party exchange breaking its promise to allow withdrawals doesn't change the fact that the trade happened between the buyer and the seller.
The exchange may have robbed the buyer and/or seller after the fact, but the trade still happened at ~~$1224~~ $1242
@_date: 2017-02-25 15:57:17
The vast majority of miner revenue is from the block reward, not fees.  
@_date: 2014-12-31 13:07:14
Is he really a 'cyber security expert'?  Wikipedia says he was President of the Entertainment Division.  The guy is a marketing exec and he left Microsoft in 2010.  Nothing wrong with that, but I would take his assertions about Bitcoin's security with a huge grain of salt.  It doesn't sound like he's up on the details.  He's probably referring to the security of Mt Gox and it's centralized kin.
@_date: 2014-11-13 20:12:29
...and that's why no solution offered by a company will ever compete with Bitcoin.
See also this quote:


With Bitcoin, everyone plays by the same rules.  Visa, Apple, and CurrenC will never create such a product.
@_date: 2014-10-11 11:36:49
It is relevant because it shows that your assertion that store owners won't let customers leave without one confirmation is just wrong.  They currently let customers leave after zero confirmation credit card transactions.  That's the reality.  Why would they not let people leave after paying with Bitcoin?  You imagine shop owners will have a double standard, but you don't give any logical reason why.  You simply assert that it is the 'reality'.
The reality is Bitpay and Coinbase already operate on zero confirmation Bitcoin transactions today, and it works fine.  Peter Todd released a tool some time ago that anyone can supposedly use to double spend a zero conf, yet it hasn't destroyed Bitcoin.  Bitcoin is working today for online transactions and POS.  If you think this is such a huge problem, you are welcome to exploit it and prove yourself correct.  Until then, Bitcoin continues to work fine for POS transactions.
@_date: 2014-06-27 11:11:04
Short-Term Capital Gains are taxed at your Ordinary Income (marginal) tax rate.  So the maximum rate is 39.6%.   I think it's a good bet that anyone wealthy enough to buy in this auction is in a high tax bracket.
@_date: 2014-05-24 11:51:50
The reason for that seizure was supposedly because they were not licensed as a money transmitter, not because of a lack of KYC.
@_date: 2015-05-19 12:03:11
It's not just about sending and receiving.  It's about getting the bitcoin in the first place.  Mining is the bitcoin distribution method.  Mining works for every person on the internet in every country.  A device with a mining chip enables individuals in any country to generate small amounts of bitcoin without interacting with any banking system.  
Dealing with exchanges, exchange rates and fees is a hassle and may not be possible depending on where you live.  Many people will not do it.  But if the router you have anyway generates bitcoins, you and your smart devices can automatically participate in internet commerce.
@_date: 2015-05-23 23:34:18
It's not about what the big companies want.  It's about what the users want.  The blockchain is a mechanism for *peers who do not trust each other* to come to consensus about digital asset ownership without having to rely on a trusted third party like NASDAQ.  Centralized blockchains still require the users of the system to trust the central authority, because the central authority can disable user access to the system at any time.  This is problem the Bitcoin blockchain was invented to solve.
@_date: 2015-05-12 22:05:17
"We'll have our own blockchain" is like a dictator who has 'his own' democracy
@_date: 2014-04-21 14:13:22
So either it's not really hands free, or it's not a push transaction.  And your ability to transact is based on your identity.  
@_date: 2014-02-11 14:25:37


@_date: 2014-03-10 14:08:00
Cheapair.com has been accepting Bitcoin for flights and hotels for some time.  You might want to check it out.
@_date: 2017-02-23 23:26:20
Understood but I don't think the motivation of the trade makes any difference.  The trade happened at the trade price.  The alleged motivations of the traders, which cannot be proven, are irrelevant.
@_date: 2017-02-22 01:01:10
Also, it's not transparent or open to everyone, and even if we let you use it we can stop your transaction and seize your money at any time.  And we can make as many tokens as we want out of nothing. But other than that, it has 'all the benefits of Bitcoin.'
Remember, [your blockchain is my blockchain and it's private!](
@_date: 2015-05-20 11:12:38
A preload would run out at some point.  Then the user would need to manually acquire more coin somehow.  Depending on the country, this could be problematic do to banking infrastructure.  Mining is a continuous, self-contained bitcoin distribution mechanism that doesn't depend on any third party company or banking system.
@_date: 2015-05-21 18:36:35
I think this will eventually turn out to be true.  Sooner or later people will realize that even without profit, there is a real incentive to mine to counterbalance the risk of bad actors attempting to manipulate the network.  This is the same incentive people have to run Bitcoin full nodes and Tor relays.  If we want to have an open, global digital money system that anyone can use, than each user has a stake in keeping the system decentralized by participating in running the network.
It's like democracy.  If you don't want some idiot elected, you can vote for someone else.  If users are worried about the fabled Chinese miners, they can get themselves an ASIC and point it at the pool of their choice (or P2Pool, or solo mine...).  
@_date: 2017-02-08 04:21:11
Stop Whining Start Mining^TM
@_date: 2014-01-06 02:14:09
Withdrawals definitely work.  Deposits might still be in beta.
@_date: 2017-02-11 19:59:42
No.  Your S7 performs the calculations for mining and submits them to Slush's Segwit node.  Your S7 itself does not have to change to support Segwit.
@_date: 2015-05-19 12:28:10
I don't think mobile phones would be the first use case.  Think consumer internet routers (Cisco has now invested in 21).
A consumer who receives a router that he needs anyway now would have a router that mines a small amount of bitcoins.  This serves as a bitcoin distribution mechanism that works in every country without regard for any legacy banking infrastructure.  The user's device can now participate in any internet smart transaction with other devices, and the owner of the device does not necessarily need to know much about Bitcoin.  He doesn't have to deal with any exchange or country dependent legacy payment mechanism.  He simply has bitcoins that he (and/or his smart device) can now use to participate in global commerce.
@_date: 2014-11-04 15:14:43
The Bitcoin source code is publicly available, meaning anyone can read it and see exactly how it works, what it does and what it does not do.  We know our coins cannot be stolen by Satoshi because Satoshi does not have our private keys, and we can see in the code that only the person who has our private keys can spend our money.
Bitcoin runs on my computer, and no one but me can modify code on my computer.  All nodes in the Bitcoin network have to be in agreement about the rules of the system.  Any nodes, even Satoshi's, that tries to break the rules of the system will have it's transactions rejected by the other nodes, who are in still in consensus about what the original rules are.  The system can only be changed by a consensus, not by the decree of any authority, including the creator.
@_date: 2014-08-05 22:26:52
Good article that focuses on the right things:


@_date: 2015-05-16 01:26:29
If it's 'trustless', who does the authorizing?
All of the participants have to trust the authorizer.  The authorizer can de-authorize any participant at any time.  In practice, anyone who disagrees with the authorizer will be de-authorized, therefore all participants must agree with the authorizer or else.  Any system with gatekeepers is not trustless.  
Any participant in the system will have to live in fear of the authorizing entity exactly as they have to fear banks and governments that can freeze their money today.  This is beneficial for the banks, not the users.  Bitcoin is trustless for all of the users of the system.  You cannot have a peer to peer network where you get to choose who the peers are.  Any entity who can allow or deny peers is not a peer.  He has power over the others.  Bitcoin is a network of peers and not even Satoshi can prevent any peer from participating.  There is no point in using a decentralized consensus network if you are going to bully the other peers into accepting your dictated 'consensus'.  
@_date: 2014-03-11 16:29:58
I will be buying my next hard drive from Tiger Direct, since they will let me pay with bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-02-11 23:42:38
If the 'economic majority' of users really are for it, they should use their economic resources to out-hash the alleged minority to prove it (Proof of Work).  If they cannot or will not do the Work then there is no proof that they are the economic majority.  They merely assert that they are the economic majority with no evidence.  (This is the same thing the BU/BC/XT crowd does).
Right now we have many people in Bitcoin who are complaining but not mining.  This is the problem.  The only way to compete with other miners is to mine ourselves.  In the beginning, everyone with a Bitcoin wallet was a miner. Mining is what makes the whole Bitcoin system work. Miners' resistance to outside influences is what gives Bitcoin its unique level of security against tampering.   
Mining is the consensus mechanism.  If arguing and threatening was a better way to reach consensus, there would be no reason to invent Bitcoin's Proof of Work mining in the first place.  Mining unambiguously, mathematically signals what network participants really want, because there is no way to fake the Proof of Work.  All other measurements are unproven assertions and opinions. No one who is doing the Proof of Work has any obligation to concede anything to someone who is not doing the Proof of Work.  
@_date: 2017-02-22 12:22:43
The reason they say they don't 'need' a blockchain is because their solution does not allow any person in any country to send independently verifiable digital money to any other person in any country without permission or cooperation from a central third party.  In the R3 system, R3 is still in the middle deciding who is allowed to do what.  Every user in the system has to trust R3 not to abuse their power.
To do what Bitcoin does, you still need an open, permission-less, decentralized Proof of Work mining blockchain like the Bitcoin blockchain.
@_date: 2015-05-08 13:36:29
Good article by Stephen Pair of Bitpay
@_date: 2017-02-25 15:29:38
You can't send Segwit transactions before activation, they would be invalid.  Besides, even with no transactions on the network a miner would still receive the block reward.
@_date: 2014-12-08 15:40:08
Anyone with internet access can create a Bitcoin wallet.  Anyone can accept payment with their Bitcoin wallet in exchange for goods or services.  Having received Bitcoin, they can now send / spend / transfer their Bitcoin.  Additionally, anyone can participate in Bitcoin mining.  Bitcoin can be traded in person for cash, goods, or services.  None of the above activities require any interaction with any bank.
@_date: 2014-02-03 15:01:25
To me, one of the most fascinating things about the Bitcoin phenomenon is how it attracts many disparate individuals for many disparate reasons.  Much of the discussion around the Bitcoin technology is not just about what it *is*, but about what it *should be*.  This is a difficult discussion to have if one leaves their beliefs about right and wrong at the door.
If what you are suggesting is that the Bitcoin technology itself is apolitical, I mostly agree with you.  Does using or holding gold require a particular political belief?  No.  Gold is gold.  A person's political beliefs may influence his decisions involving gold, but gold itself neither knows nor cares if it is a subject of a gold standard.  I think Bitcoin is the same.  Bitcoin exists, it can be used by anyone with any ideology.  Whether a person chooses to use it or not may depend on their ideology, but Bitcoin itself neither knows nor cares about such things.  Math works the same for all humans.
@_date: 2014-01-27 14:47:08
This is not news.  He is referring to the Jan 31st deadline they gave to the banks in China.  The market has known about this since mid December.
@_date: 2015-05-19 11:53:09
Mining is a method of keeping the device's wallet continuously funded with small amounts of bitcoin.  This method works for every person in every country and does not depend on any banking infrastructure or human intervention.  
Under this model, a user could potentially benefit from the 'smart payment' functionality without necessarily knowing anything about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-05-23 23:52:21
The blockchain is not about making financial institutions more efficient.  The blockchain is about allowing peers who do not trust each other to reach consensus about digital asset ownership without having to trust any institution.  Any system in which the bank has power over the other peers violates the entire point of having a blockchain in the first place.  The blockchain is there to protect the peers from the bank, by making it possible for peers to mathematically verify the legitimacy of funds themselves without relying on the word of a central institution.  If the bank can overrule the peer consensus, then the peer consensus is worthless and they might as well not have a blockchain.
@_date: 2017-02-11 01:19:51
That is not really the right question.  There is no independent measure of what is 'too expensive' for the average user.  Even if there was a measure of too expensive today, it would not be correct to reach the conclusion that we should walk right up to the limit as if there were no trade offs.
Increasing the block size is indisputably MORE expensive that NOT increasing the block size.  The costs of running a fully validating node are never, ever going to be lower than they are now, and the costs are going to increase, for eternity, even without any block size increase.
Decentralized full nodes and miners are absolutely crucial to the security of the system.  They are what differentiate Bitcoin from every system of digital money that has ever existed before.  Therefore it is imperative that the costs of running a full node be as low as possible so that as many disparate individuals and businesses as possible can run one and verify their own transactions without having to trust anyone else.
Segwit introduces a method of separating signature data from transaction data, so the former can eventually be pruned.  This enables more efficient use of block space, a true 'scaling' solution.  By contrast, 'simply' raising the blocksize BU style introduces no scaling benefit.  To double the transactions with BU, you also double storage requirements, and more than double network costs and processing costs.
@_date: 2014-08-03 16:36:49
Sorry, but those will get you practically zero BTC at the modern difficulty.  You can see the approximate stats of the GTX460 on this list:
If you plug those into the calculator you can see it's basically nothing.  Even when GPU mining was a thing, the Nvidia cards were not ideal as they don't do SHA256 as well as the AMDs.  The BFL single will give you approximately 100 times more hash power than those Nvidias.  That's why everyone uses ASICs now.  I turned off my AMD GPUs a year ago.
@_date: 2014-07-12 13:59:41
So this site allows a person to tip any amount and have it divided among all individual Tor relay operators who have posted a BTC address?  If so that is rad :)
@_date: 2015-05-12 13:17:09
The whole series of Princeton lectures is worth watching.  They do a pretty good job of covering why Bitcoin's decentralization is the key innovation, and bank or company controlled coins would not be the same thing.
@_date: 2014-02-14 13:28:02
Because the marketplaces are not currently equally accessible.  If they were, you would see the effect you describe.
@_date: 2017-02-10 00:58:02
The only way to counterbalance this for as many individuals and businesses as possible to mine ourselves with hardware we physically control.
@_date: 2017-02-11 20:10:50
Miners are users.  There is no way in Bitcoin for some users to force others to do what they want. If you want Segwit to activate, as I do, the correct course of action is to mine yourself with hardware you physically control and point it at a pool that signals for Segwit.  Forking the network would not change this equation.  Large for-profit miners with cheap electricity would switch right over to the new POW, and individuals like us would still have to choose to mine ourselves to keep their influence in check.
@_date: 2014-03-03 18:14:46
Bitcoin will be treated more or less like a currency by HMRC (no VAT in the UK)
@_date: 2015-01-12 22:05:01
It has less to do with QR codes and more to do with the fact that your name doesn't matter and no account is required.
@_date: 2014-02-05 15:44:02
It's possible, but there are some major problems.  One, you apparently need a money transmitter license for each state.  Two, you will be a victim of fraudulent purchases with stolen debit cards.  The banks will reverse the transactions, but you will not be able to get the bitcoins back that you sent out.
Debit cards are not really like cash.  Cash is a bearer instrument that does not require a central third party (bank) to broker the transaction.  Cash cannot be reversed.  Bitcoin is a digital bearer instrument that can also not be reversed.   That's why people are willing to take cash in payment for Bitcoin, but not debit cards.   
@_date: 2014-06-13 16:58:52
Nice.  Letting people actually use Bitcoin for themselves is probably the best way to teach them about it.  I gave my brother 0.9 BTC which was worth about 10 dollars at the time.  Once he saw the power of it he was just as excited as I was.
@_date: 2015-01-27 15:34:25
That's... actually a pretty good description of what this is.  Attempting to mimic a technology while completely misunderstanding how and why the technology works.


So the Fed thinks that they can have a 'decentralized' system in which the Fed acts as a central authority and decides who is and who is not allowed to participate.
This is like cargo cultists carving fake radios out of wood and thinking they can conjure a supply plane.  No matter what you call it, that block of wood is not a radio and cannot do what a radio does.  
You cannot have *de*centralized money controlled by a centralized authority.  Everyone using it will still have to trust the Fed, just like today.  The Fed already has consensus with itself.
@_date: 2015-01-13 13:40:54
That chart only shows the USD exchange volume on one exchange.
Transaction volume on the Bitcoin network is here:
@_date: 2015-01-07 12:46:29
It is not possible to freeze coins without a central authority who decides to freeze them.  There is no such authority.  There is no concept of a 'stolen' coin.  That would require a central authority to decide whether or not a particular coin has been stolen.  It would require a central authority to decide the 'original' location to 'return' the 'stolen' coins to.
Bitcoin works based on mathematical rules and not a central authority.  The math works the same way for everyone - that's the point of it.  Any person with the correct private key can move their coins, or they can't.  If an alleged thief cannot move the coins he possesses the private key to, then you can potentially not move the coins that you possess the private key to.  Such a situation would undermine trust in the system and reduce it to nothing more than a bank account.  
The only way to freeze coins that doesn't break the mathematical rules is for a single miner to gain a 51% mining majority on the network, and then refuse to process transactions for the coins he is 'freezing'.  Even then, he would have to maintain that 51% majority forever.  If he ever lost his majority, the coins could be spent again.
The point of Bitcoin is to have trustworthy electronic money that any person can use without needing permission from some authority in advance.  As long as a person keeps his private keys secure, his coins cannot be stolen by anyone, including a central authority who has given itself the power to freeze them.
@_date: 2015-01-12 17:32:17
This is why giving money to mine with someone else's equipment is a bad idea.  Because at any time, that someone else can 'pause' your mining contract, while continuing to mine themselves with the equipment that you paid for.
@_date: 2015-01-04 18:58:34
Computers owned by a government can mine bitcoins following the same mathematical rules as computers owned by anyone else.  The Bitcoin network is currently much more powerful than at least the top 500 supercomputers combined, in terms of performing the specific calculations used for Bitcoin mining.  ASICs are designed to mine bitcoins - supercomputers are not.
The incentive for a government to mine bitcoins is the same incentive as any other miner.  To get the mining reward, to get the transaction fees, and to make it more difficult for  competing miners to achieve a controlling majority that could be abused.
@_date: 2015-01-22 13:51:23
You have been able to label your transactions in Bitcoin Core for as long as I can remember.  
There is no company like Venmo who has the power to 'require' that anyone do so. 
@_date: 2015-01-08 13:39:50
In that case:  this is extremely cool
@_date: 2015-01-12 21:57:09
I don't think he necessarily meant to separate the two. He said 'Bitcoin and the blockchain'.  He said "the" blockchain would be the platform for the next killer apps, meaning the Bitcoin blockchain.  At least that's the impression I got.  Creating a bunch of different blockchains would not lead to the common open platform that he was describing.
@_date: 2015-01-26 16:53:37
Great interview
@_date: 2017-02-22 18:17:31
As far as I'm concerned it's $1224 USD from MtGox.  That was the number everyone was using at the time.  It matched the then price of 1 oz of gold momentarily before it dropped.
@_date: 2015-01-19 19:06:32
If you do not lose or give away your authentication information, you don't have to worry about anyone else using your bank account or your bitcoin in any locale.  Are you suggesting there is a scenario in which you find yourself in a foreign locale and it is advantageous to *not* be able to access you own money?  
There are only two possible scenarios:  
1) You control your own money
2) Someone else controls your money
Bitcoin allows scenario 1, while allowing the individual to maintain the ability to transact electronically.  That's why Bitcoin is different and important, and has 'useability' for consumers that legacy banking cannot offer.  Bitcoin is digital money that works without regard for geo-political boundaries, and there is no custodian who can deny you access to it.
@_date: 2015-01-18 20:08:03
I don't know, but if Circle gives you bitcoin quickly then that just strengthens my point that it is not difficult to buy bitcoins.  The difficulties are either due to the nature of moving dollars electronically, or due to the policies of the party you are transacting with.  There is nothing inherent in bitcoin that makes it difficult to buy.  Bitcoins can be sent anywhere at will.
@_date: 2015-01-10 13:48:20
The same way the price of oil and the price of gold is determined: by supply and demand.  
The seller of a bitcoin 'asks' his price, say $300.  A prospective buyer of bitcoin 'bids' the price he is willing to pay, say $290.  If neither one accepts the others offer, nothing happens.  If the buyer ups his bid to $300, a bitcoin is sold and the 'last' price of bitcoin is now $300.  When the next bitcoin is sold for $301, the 'last' price is $301.  The market price is a result of many of these transactions between all the market participants.  There is no person or group who 'decides' the price.
@_date: 2015-01-28 20:13:57
Depends.  Some of them are painless, cash in BTC out.  Lamassu and Skyhook machines, for example, are minimalist and pretty much hassle free.  Some other models like Robocoin machines sometimes require lots of ID verification which can be a hassle.  At this point in time the only real way to know is show up and give it a try.
@_date: 2015-01-17 17:05:25
Apparently there are kiosks in some convenience stores in Taiwan that allow a person to purchase bitcoins.
Alternately, he could find a seller who accepts cash via localbitcoins.com, mycelium trader, local bitcoin meetups.  Or you could exchange him some coins for local currency.
Once he arrives in the US, just do the same thing in reverse.  Localbitcoins, mycellium trader, bitcoin meetup, etc.
@_date: 2015-01-16 16:18:47
Yes, anything in Bitcoin can be changed by consensus.  The question is can a proposed change reach consensus.  It's safe to assume that users of Bitcoin are using it because they like the way it works now, the same way it's been working for years.  Big changes introduce risks. So proposed changes that are controversial, like altering the rate of new coin issuance, are not likely to achieve consensus.
@_date: 2015-01-16 02:28:07
Bitcoin.org uses the term 'validated' when describing what a peer (full node) does with a block of transactions:




@_date: 2015-01-03 11:29:37
Archive of Satoshi's original post:
@_date: 2015-01-20 18:04:43
Of course it has pitfalls.  If you allow someone else to obtain control of your private keys, no matter where they are stored, your bitcoins can be stolen.  The lesson is don't do that.
The payoff of targeting and attacking an individual who may or may not even have any bitcoin is tiny compared to attacking a company who definitely has a ton of other people's bitcoin.  A company like Bitstamp has to allow other people access to its system because of the nature of the services it offers.  Bitstamp has staff and partners that are human and may or may not be trustworthy with other people's money.  An individual's PC, on the other hand, can refuse all incoming connections because he is the only person who needs access to it, and he is already in physical control of it.  This greatly reduces his attack surface.
I have never lost a single bit to a scam of theft, despite holding and using bitcoins in hot wallets on my PCs and phones for over three years now.  That's because I did not store coins in MtGox, I did not give coins to Paycoin, I do not store coins Blockchain.info, I did not give coins to Neo and Bee.  I keep control of my own coins on my own computers.  That's why I have not been a victim of theft, whereas others who store their money in bank-like entities have.  
It seems to me that most people who are afraid of losing bitcoins have never actually used bitcoins the way bitcoins are intended to be used.  
@_date: 2015-01-27 22:11:33
According to this post, there were no blocks found on those days while Satoshi had his machine turned off.


So the difficulty was not technically zero - that is just how the blockchain.info chart shows 'no data' for the brief period during which there was no node running.
@_date: 2015-01-02 12:14:55
Locate a seller via localbitcoins.com, mycelium trader, craigslist, or your personal social network.  Hand cash to seller.  Receive bitcoins to Bitcoin Wallet for Android which does not require any account and runs locally on your phone.  
@_date: 2015-01-08 17:38:24


I don't think this is true.  I have reliably secured my coins for three and a half years.  My coins sit on my internet connected PCs and mobile devices that I physically control.  I have never had a single bit stolen.
People who have their coins stolen are trusting their coins to third parties who lose them, and/or foolishly allowing websites to run javascript or flash on the same PC on which they keep their bitcoins.  That is their mistake.  It is possible for people to be trained to behave in a secure fashion when dealing with their computing devices.  It's really not that difficult.
@_date: 2015-01-22 14:41:30
The private keys are used to sign a newly constructed transaction which is then broadcast to all of the nodes in the network.  The private key used to sign the transaction must correspond to the public key address to which the 'coins' were previously sent (over simplification).  In reality there are no 'coins', just transaction inputs and outputs.
More details here:
@_date: 2015-01-29 13:32:18
It's probably not going to make you rich.  That said, the block reward is never going to be higher than it is right now.  No one knows what price and difficulty will do in the future.  It's always a good time to support the decentralized Bitcoin network.
@_date: 2015-01-28 18:07:24
Depending on you location, there may be a Bitcoin ATM nearby.  I know there are multiple BTMs in Montreal and Toronto.
Alternately you can meet a seller in person via localbitcoins.com, a bitcoin meetup, mycelium local trader, or your personal social network of choice.
@_date: 2015-01-13 17:06:34
Thank you.  For those who don't know, a difficulty drop is part of the system, just as natural as a difficulty rise.  Before ASICs, difficulty drops were relatively commonplace.  Once in 2011, difficulty dropped 18%.  Bitcoin kept right on working.
@_date: 2014-05-24 12:18:32
Anyone posting a video to Youtube can already be crowdfunded with Bitcoin.  All you have to do is post your address or QR in the video.  Works to any country, from any country.
@_date: 2014-07-15 10:49:14


In my opinion, thinking the dollar is 'safe' when it is not is much more dangerous than accepting the known risks of Bitcoin.  
Dollar collapse would be a Black Swan.  Because it's never happened before, most people including the 'experts' will be absolutely certain that it is impossible. Until it happens. Just like the mortgage crisis, the crash in '29, World War I, the fall of the Roman empire, etc.  Afterward, the experts will say collapse was inevitable, and they will list reasons like loss of faith because of infinite money printing and debt that can never be paid off.  At that point, it will be obvious that the dollar was never safe, just like the many, many currencies and institutions that have failed before it.
@_date: 2015-01-24 18:47:03
It appears he is running Bitcoin Core on Ubuntu Unity desktop.
@_date: 2015-01-15 00:03:28
The latest branch on github, 0.10.x, downloads in a few hours.
The 0.9.x branch takes a few days by default, or you can use the bootstrap.dat torrent to download in a few hours.  
@_date: 2015-01-17 13:47:53
"Cars help criminals go faster"
@_date: 2015-01-20 14:58:20
Yeah I'm stuck with a bunch of foreign change myself.  Always thought a Coinstar type machine that takes coins and gives bitcoins would make a lot of sense.  It allows people to check out bitcoins while risking only pocket change.
Relevant:  
@_date: 2017-02-25 15:30:34
Mining can be done by any person in any country.  The defense is for as many of us as possible to mine with hardware we physically control.
@_date: 2015-01-28 13:30:27
They would do that because they understand that all of the benefits of Bitcoin stem from its decentralized network that no one controls.  The value of a bitcoin is tied to its utility, and a bitcoin is only useful to the extent that the bitcoin network remains decentralized.  Therefore, if the decentralization of the network is threatened, it is rational for miners to act to protect the network, because it is in their long term best interest.  Otherwise, it will not matter if they mine a few extra bits in the largest pool, because those bits will be worthless if Bitcoin can be manipulated by a central point of control who can stop payments and alter the money supply.  Also, the value of any hardware the miner has purchased to mine would be wiped out.
Critics say miners will not leave the largest pool, but will blindly act in their short term best interest by remaining in the largest pool to mine a few extra bits (aka "the tragedy of the commons").  But we know miners have left the largest pool at least three times in Bitcoin's history because those pools are no longer the largest.  In 2011, Deepbit was by far the largest pool with over 40%.  Miners left the pool and eventually by 2013 BTCGuild became the largest.  When BTCGuild began growing too large, miners started leaving and in 2014 Ghash started getting too big.  When the price started dropping because of the 51% risk, miners finally started leaving Ghash and currently Discusfish/F2pool is the largest at only about 20%.  The 'tragedy of the commons' interpretation of critics has not played out in reality.
No miner benefits from a 51% attack if it destroys faith in the system.  This is the theory Satoshi outlines in the whitepaper, and so far the empirical evidence seems to support its correctness.
@_date: 2015-01-17 16:56:10
The crucial concept is third party control.  Stripe would be in full control the execution of any such contract.  Bitcoin based smart contracts would not be controlled by any company or bank, but would execute based on an impartial, mathematically verifiable blockchain.
Bitcoin (the decentralized Bitcoin blockchain) is all about eliminating the need of a trusted third party to enable or verify transactions.
@_date: 2015-01-20 13:51:06
But it wasn't fraudulent, that's the point.  I am the only person who can decide whether or not the use of my money is legitimate.  But the very nature of a bank account, debit card, or credit card takes that decision away from me an gives it to someone else.  EDIT: That's why fraudulent transactions are possible in the first place.
With Bitcoin, it is my responsibility to keep my private keys safe, and as long as I do, no one can use my money but me.  It is much easier to keep bitcoins safe than it is to keep a credit card number safe, because the private keys are not transmitted with every transaction the way a credit card number is.
@_date: 2015-01-22 21:43:12
The reason digital currency is interesting has nothing to do with transactions per second or using a cell phone to access a bank account.  Digital currency is interesting because it allows money to function on the internet without requiring permission from a trusted party who can turn off your access to your money or charge you exorbitant tolls.
M-Pesa can only be used by individuals that have a relationship with Vodaphone.  This relationship  is not free.  M-Pesa currency is created out of nothing by Vodaphone.  M-Pesa works only in countries where Vodaphone has specific contractual agreements with governments, merchants, and consumers.  Vodaphone can turn off your access to your M-Pesa money at any time.  It's just a bank account accessed with a cell phone.  There is nothing disruptive about it.  
It is possible for Bitcoin technology to be modified to support more transactions.  It is *not* possible for a centralized currency like M-Pesa to be modified to be decentralized and independently mathematically verifiable.  M-Pesa users will never be able to send money to anyone on the planet at will.  They will only be able to do what Vodaphone decides they are allowed to do and specifically enables in advance.  Bitcoin is borderless and there is no central party that can discriminate against you or limit you in any way.  Bitcoin works for every person in every country.  That's why digital currency is interesting.  Like physical currency, any person can use it to do anything they want to do, and they don't need a company or bank to enable it.
@_date: 2015-01-27 14:55:45
Not one of the payment products mentioned in the article is an actual 'new technology'.  They are all 100% reliant on the legacy banking system and cannot function without it.  They are just apps that access bank accounts, and they inherit all of the limitations of bank accounts.  Not one of these products will 'shake up old money'.  Old money owns the rails they run on.
Bitcoin is new money technology.  Bitcoin lives on the internet and allows any two parties on the internet to transact with each other using a common protocol they each choose to use, with no controlling company in between.  
@_date: 2015-01-23 12:43:03
Your point is a strawman.  I never said anything about any silver bullets.  I said M-Pesa and similar systems controlled by companies cannot do what Bitcoin does and therefore it is misleading to talk about them in the same digital currency category.  They are not the same thing.  M-Pesa is a bank account accessed via cell phone.  Bitcoin is digital money.
@_date: 2015-01-31 14:33:51
1 and 2 are up to the individual who owns the connection.
3 requires a relationship with a merchant processor, along with the middleman fees that merchant processor would charge.  A credit card solution would be susceptible to chargebacks and would not work in every country.  Bitcoin requires no payment processor, has no chargebacks, and works everywhere.
@_date: 2015-01-24 13:21:38


There it is.  And it is useful in a way that gold and dollars are not useful.  
Bitcoin is uniquely useful in the history of money in that it can be sent to any person over the internet in any country in any amount, practically instantly and practically free.  Dollars and gold don't do that.  That's why people who understand Bitcoin's useful properties choose to value it.
@_date: 2015-01-07 15:03:12
Bitcoins held in a Coinbase or Circle account can be frozen or seized exactly the same was as dollars in a bank account - the company could choose to deny the user access to the account.
On the other hand, bitcoins held in a wallet to which you and only you control the private keys cannot be seized in such a manner, because there is no company who has the power to deny you access.
@_date: 2015-01-23 19:38:23
Illustrates why companies that might make "their own" digital currencies cannot be considered in the same category as Bitcoin.  "Their own" digital currencies would be under their full control and would still have to exclude people for reasons like these.  Bitcoin's decentralized math-based consensus algorithm continues to work everywhere for everyone, just like cash and gold.
@_date: 2015-01-18 13:12:16
Because obviously, a car should not be allowed to go any faster than a horse.  That would be dangerous!  We must create artificial limitations on new technology to make it as much like the old technology as possible.  For your own good.  You don't want foreign terrorists to be able to use HumbleBundle do you?  Well, do you?!
@_date: 2015-01-06 13:32:55
True.  All of the so called crises of Bitcoin are actually problems with companies and problems with exchanging to fiat.  Not problems with Bitcoin.  Bitcoin works exactly the same today as it did two days ago.
@_date: 2015-01-24 13:48:11
1) Buy a little bit at a time with cash via localbitcoins and/or Surbitcoin, and/or local meetups. 
2) Advertise that you accept bitcoins as payment at your local or online business.
3) Buy ASICs with fiat and mine using your cheap electricity.
@_date: 2015-01-14 19:53:27
Whether it is profitable or not for a given miner is irrelevant.  It's an open system and anyone can choose to participate in it.  It's not a privilege any more than the ability to start any business is a privilege.  If it takes money to make money, that state of affairs cannot be blamed on Bitcoin.  There are no gatekeepers and the math works the same for everyone.  
@_date: 2015-01-14 19:11:27
It's not based on hash power, exactly.  It's based on the time taken to mine the last 2016 blocks.  From the Bitcoin wiki:


The hash power measurement you see on bitcoinwisdom.com and blockchain.info are guestimates based on the time taken to find the last X number of blocks.
The exact workings of the math is explained here:
@_date: 2015-01-27 17:57:49
Appreciated, and I am not trying to be argumentative either.  But what perks of Bitcoin are left if you remove decentralized trust based on consensus of peers?
If my local bank, the Fed, the PBOC and the SNB all use Bitcoin to transact with each other, they are all peers.  They all trust the same math and they all know that none of the other parties have unfair influence over how the system works.  None of the parties can redefine the monetary unit, none of the parties can stop a transaction they don't like.  None of the countries can shut down the payment network and none of them can freeze funds.  That is the perk of Bitcoin - all participants in the system are peers.
If the same parties use Fedcoin, or Yuancoin or Francoin instead, they are no longer peers and the system does not have 'all the perks of Bitcoin'.  Bitcoin is digital gold.  Gold works the same for everyone regardless of trust; that's why banks hold it.  Central bank coins will not work the same for everyone, therefore they will not have all the perks of Bitcoin.
A 'dictatorial consensus mechanism' is a oxymoron.  Dictators do not require consensus with citizens.  Saying a centralized Fedcoin has 'all the perks of Bitcoin' is like saying that a dictator who tells his citizens how to vote has 'all the perks of democracy'.  
@_date: 2015-01-12 17:10:10
Not exactly.  The blockchain uses cryptographic signatures, but it is not encrypted.  The information is public.  The only part of Bitcoin that uses encryption is the private keys, if the users chooses to encrypt them.  Of course this is encryption the government can not automatically break, even with a warrant.
@_date: 2015-01-24 23:33:52
My S3s work fine and have never made any crackling noises.  The S3 has a good reputation, it seems unlikely that you would have 8 out of 8 defective machines.  Are you sure you don't have some kind of power issue?  If so I would contact Bitmain tech support and take it from there.
@_date: 2015-01-13 18:32:38
In theory yes, in reality no.
The Bitcoin network is completely transparent and the software is open source.  You could copy the Bitcoin source code and create a clone of the software.  However, your network would have only one node: you.  Everyone else would still be using Bitcoin.  Your network would not be decentralized, and to the extent that it became decentralized as more nodes were added it would not be as decentralized as the Bitcoin network.  Your currency would not do anything that Bitcoin cannot already do.  The security and reliability of your network would be untested and unproven.  The number of developers, merchants, and users of your network would be tiny in comparison to the Bitcoin network.  There would be no reason for anyone to switch.  In fact, copycat currencies already exist and have existed for years, but most people haven't heard of them for all of the reasons I just described.
The value of the Bitcoin network lies in its math based decentralized consensus mechanism.  Decentralization of issuance and control means that the network cannot be arbitrarily manipulated by anyone.  The smaller the network, the more susceptible it is to an attack that would centralize it under an authority who could alter the rules.  The point of a decentralized virtual currency like Bitcoin is that no one can alter the rules, because all the participants have to follow the rules to join the system, and the rules are secured by mathematics and decentralized consensus.  Bitcoin is the largest decentralized consensus network.
@_date: 2015-01-14 20:45:20
By your logic, if I bought a typewriter for $100, but only typed one letter, the cost per letter would be $100.  This kind of logic would lead to the conclusion that typing 1000 letters would cost $100,000.  That conclusion would be incorrect, since the typewriter could easily handle typing 1000 letters with no additional cost.  
@_date: 2015-01-26 20:04:24
AFAIK Gallippi went to Georgia Tech.
@_date: 2015-01-20 13:43:58
I think that is a valid concern.  But the correct conclusion to reach is that that is a bad situation in IT security and needs to change, not that there is some problem with digital money that a person controls himself.  
We now know that entities that some have trusted to act responsibly with their power, like the governments and publicly traded companies, are not above backdooring and hacking the citizenry without warrants.  This means the most paranoid proponents of free software like Richard Stallman and Theo De Raadt were right.  In a world where money lives on your computer, people need to start taking control of their own hardware and not allow opaque, proprietary software to run on them.  Your grandmother may never get the hang of this, but I suspect that the upcoming generation will eventually realize the importance of taking control of their computerized assets as they realize the impact it can have on their lives.
@_date: 2015-01-12 15:16:43
The supply of bitcoins will not be slowed down.  If Cex.io turns off their rigs, the difficulty will drop to keep the block generation time at approximately 10 minutes per block.
However, I doubt they will turn off their rigs.  They will simply stop paying out, and keep the block rewards for themselves.  
@_date: 2015-01-14 21:06:54
If they understood their investment, they are thinking that the technology is exactly as valuable as it was when they invested and for all of the same reasons.  
@_date: 2015-01-08 13:17:01
Actually the latest 0.10.x version that he has installed syncs in only a few hours.  Full nodes are essential for the Bitcoin network and it's important for a student to know what they are if he's going to understand why Bitcoin is different and important.  I think running a node is a great little project for a student interested in technology, finance or commerce.  Of course demonstrating that purchases actually work is part of that too.
@_date: 2015-05-24 11:27:15
Byzantine Generals = peers who do not trust each other
One Byzantine General cannot force another Byzantine General to act, nor can he himself be forced to act by another Byzantine General.  None of the generals trust the others - the problem is reaching consensus without consensus being dictated by any one of them.
In a 'private network', which general decides who is allowed to participate?  That general is not a peer of the other generals. That general can control consensus by disallowing participation to any generals that disagree with him.  What happens if this boss general is the component of the network that fails?  The network cannot cope with that failure.  Therefore a 'private network' cannot be trust-less and does not solve the Byzantine Generals' problem.
@_date: 2015-05-21 18:00:43
It cannot be P2P if Mastercard is in the middle.  Mastercard is not a peer.  Mastercard will have the ability to deny access to the system, stop payments, and freeze funds.  This will not work for every person in every country the way Bitcoin does.  It will only work for the people Mastercard has vetted, and it even then all users will have to trust Mastercard not to turn off their money.
Entire countries will not have access to this, and of the countries that do Mastercard can turn it off at any time like they did n Crimea.  
Peer to Peer means that any peer can give money to any other peer.  Money is supposed to work for every person, like cash.  The features of this Mastercard product are not 'more appealing' than the features of Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2015-05-21 08:14:28
That's why as many people as possible should be mining themselves. Every gigahash you control yourself is a gigahash that cannot be used by a bad actor.
@_date: 2015-01-13 05:17:24
No.  Cex.io does not control 10% of hashing power.   The entire Ghash pool, including all of the independent miners, is only 10% of the network.  Cex.io is just a fraction of Ghash.
Even if they did control 10% of the hashing power and they turned it all off, it would not cause any major disruption.  The difficulty dropped more than 11% after the first block reward halving in 2012.  Transactions confirmed just fine.  The difficulty took 17 days to adjust instead of 14 days.  You are looking at 11 or 12 minutes for the average confirmation instead of 10 minutes.  
@_date: 2015-01-02 12:41:30
Because the ACH transaction from your checking account to Coinbase is a lot slower than the Bitcoin transaction from Coinbase to Microsoft.  Coinbase has to verify that you actually have the money in your checking account.
A person benefits from Bitcoin much more if he holds some in a wallet he controls.  That way, he always has a little bit to spend at will, and of course he can always receive coins from anyone he has occasion to transact with.  In my opinion, trying to hide Bitcoin behind a bank doesn't make much sense.  Most of the benefits come from holding bitcoins and having them available for use.  The legacy banking system is never going to allow people to do everything they can do with Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-01-22 13:29:55
In my opinion it is not useful to muddy the waters by calling things like M-Pesa 'digital currency'.  M-Pesa is just a bank account that is accessed via cell phone.  It is under the complete control of the Vodaphone company.  It is not 'money' the way Bitcoin is money.  It does not do what Bitcoin does, and neither will whatever product Gates has in mind.  
Bitcoin is not about 'access to banking', where a bank is a company that controls your money and *allows* you to participate in global commerce.  Bitcoin is about enabling *direct* access to global commerce by giving individuals *full control* of their own digital money that can be *directly* used to transact with anyone else on the planet.
The very concept of a company in between transactors inhibits commerce.  Bitcoin dispenses with that requirement.
@_date: 2015-01-16 01:12:28
It would not make any difference whatsoever.  Bitcoin is not valuable because of the trustworthiness of the creator.  Bitcoin is valuable because trust of a third party person or institution is *not required*.  The way Bitcoin works is completely transparent and mathematically verifiable.  That's why it's interesting.  Satoshi's identity is completely irrelevant.
@_date: 2015-01-01 13:57:14
It is just as possible for people in Venezuela to mine as it is for people anywhere else.  More so actually, because electricity is very cheap there.
They do not 'need' to buy bitcoins with bolivars.  They can sell goods or services and take payment in bitcoins, just like people can in every other country.  If they wish to buy bitcoins from people who have them, they can use silver or gold, or barter with other goods or property.
@_date: 2015-01-28 22:07:49
There is a saying, "a fool and his money are soon parted".  It is no one's responsiblity to shield a person from his own mistakes.
Cash is not reversible.  You either have it or you don't.  No one wants cash that can be magically removed from their wallet because the person who paid them with it changed their mind.
Bitcoin is the first digital cash that actually works like physical cash.  You either have it, or you don't.  If someone else can take money out of your wallet, it is not your money.
@_date: 2015-01-27 19:04:20
I was specifically told that [nothing can kill the Bitcoin.](
@_date: 2015-01-22 14:10:43
There is no official value.  There is only the market price on various markets.  You can see various markets on bitcoinwisdom.com, bitcoincharts.com, or bitcoinity.org/markets.  Alternately you could choose one of the composite indexes like the ones used by Bitpay or Coinbase.
Bitpay Exchange Rate:
Coinbase exchange rate:
If you are more comfortable with a 'traditional' source, XE.com also lists an exchange rate:
@_date: 2015-01-05 12:06:25
There are several two-way BitAccess ATMs in Toronto and Montreal.  You could send your friend BTC and he could either spend it directly anywhere bitcoins are accepted, or he could exchange it for dollars via an ATM or in-person exchange.
Map of Bitcoin ATMs:
@_date: 2015-01-06 13:57:49
I think the question of incentive is relevant.  Why would you spend 10 billion dollars to attempt to destroy a system currently valued at 4 billion?  
The consequences of such an action, if successful, would be 14 billion dollars wasted.  The consequences of such an action if *un*successful would be 10 billion dollars wasted.
@_date: 2015-01-27 21:11:18
My guess is at that early date in the experiment, Satoshi was the only one mining, and he must have shut down his machine at some point.  
@_date: 2015-01-22 22:16:28
For some fun perspective, go back to the show they did in July 2011, when they remarked that it was too late for people to get into mining and the early adopters made a lot of money now that a bitcoin sold for "more than fourteen dollars"!
Also they interview an economist who said that in five years Bitcoin "wouldn't exist".  That was three and a half years ago.
@_date: 2015-01-20 20:19:07
Ripple does not send fiat any more than Bitcoin sends fiat.  Ripple sends XRP.  XRP has to be exchanged for fiat before it can move into a legacy bank account, just like BTC has to be exchanged for fiat before it can move into a legacy bank account.  
@_date: 2015-01-27 19:37:56
It's a little more visible if you switch to the log scale:
@_date: 2015-01-14 14:19:54
There are options.  
1) Spend your coins directly on goods or services as opposed to selling for dollars.
2) Sell in a face to face transaction for cash, silver or gold.  You can find a buyer via localbitcoins, your local Bitcoin meetup, Mycelium trader, craigslist, etc.
3) Store your coins in a wallet to which you control the private keys on hardware you control.  When it comes time to sell, only then do you deposit coins in the exchange and sell them, withdrawing your dollars immediately afterward.  This greatly reduces the amount of time your funds are out of your control and therefore at risk.  You may wish to break up your funds into amounts small enough that if one were lost, your loss would be limited to an amount that you can afford to lose.
4)  Use a Bitcoin ATM if one is available in your area
One of the above strategies should work for everyone who is not a day trader.
@_date: 2015-01-27 22:28:57
Fair enough.  Several hours during which no attack took place because Ghash had more incentive to remain honest, as Satoshi outlined in the whitepaper.  Individual miners left the pool more slowly than they should have, but the system still worked.  And today, Ghash has less than 10% of the network.  This in direct contradiction to the analysis of critics who said Bitcoin would 'collapse' when Ghash inevitably swallowed up all the other mining pools.  
@_date: 2015-01-30 14:49:27
The Bitcoin network effect begins to penetrate academia.
@_date: 2015-05-12 22:38:28
Nobody trusts anybody.  If you've ever sold stock on TDAmeritrade or the like, you may have noticed that the trade takes 3 business days to 'settle' before you can actually withdraw the money.  This 'settlement' is the legal process of making sure that the seller actually has the stock to sell, and the buyer actually has the money to pay for it, and the money is actually sent and the ownership of the stock is actually updated in the records.  
In theory, if both the stock certificate and the money to pay for it existed in digital form that was impossible to counterfeit because of a decentralized blockchain, this could all happen in the space it takes to mine a block (10 minutes on average).  Neither the buyer, seller, or NASDAQ would have to trust anyone about anything, because both the money and the stock certificate would be cryptographically verifiable by impartial mathematics on the public blockchain.
There is no need for a NASDAQ, really.  Once common standards were established, companies could issue their own digital shares directly on the public blockchain.
@_date: 2015-01-13 13:09:37


And that is why buying hashing contracts from such a data center operator is and always was a bad idea.  Individuals should mine with their own equipment they control.
@_date: 2017-02-28 17:48:34


The problem with this logic when it comes to Ethereum is that the Ethereum 'stakeholders' and miners have already censored their blockchain when they hardforked to save the foolish DAO investors.  These are the same people POS will hand even more control to - people who are ready to drop the supposedly math based rules of the network at any moment.  How could anyone trust putting their money on a system like that?
Nothing like that has ever happened on the Bitcoin network.  
Also assertions that Ethereum will somehow scale larger than Bitcoin without making any centralization or stability tradeoffs are seriously lacking in convincing evidence that this could or would happen.  Ethereum is subject to the same laws of physics as Bitcoin.  Large blocks still take time to propagate and be processed.  There is no reason to believe that Eth could do this better than Bitcoin without making the same trade-offs.
@_date: 2015-05-12 13:07:20
Article title is misleading.  The solution they describe **uses THE Bitcoin blockchain**


Apparently it is a colored coins implementation
@_date: 2015-01-28 21:37:59
Well, that's a bit of an extrapolation on my part.  Of course there is no way to prove exactly why the price moves because the market is made up of independent actors with their own motivations.  Correlation is not causation, etc.  But the timing seemed to support that conclusion.
@_date: 2015-01-13 06:50:06


Interesting how?  If they do, difficulty will drop.  It's a completely normal function of the network.  Some miners turning off rigs will not hurt Bitcoin in any way.
@_date: 2015-01-15 21:02:08
The amount of time a merchant waits to consider the transaction final is completely up to the merchant.  It has nothing to do with any flaw in Bitcoin.  Express your concerns with the merchant and ask them why they feel the need to wait for 10 confirmations for a $2 transaction.
@_date: 2015-01-27 16:18:46
Why is it logical to use a decentralized consensus technology to come to a consensus with yourself?  The Fed already has consensus with itself.  The point of a blockchain is to force all participants in the system to come to a consensus that none of them can dictate, because they all are peers who are bound by the same mathematical rules.  If there is any consensus override mechanism controlled by a single party, it defeats the entire purpose of the decentralized consensus system.
The Fed will never use a system that they do not have the ability to override.  They will never use a system to which they cannot control access.  Therefore any 'consensus' the Fed reaches is nothing but meaningless pageantry.  Such a system could not be trusted any more than the current system.  At the end of the day, any bank allowed to participate in the system would still be at the mercy of the arbitrary decisions of the Fed, just like today.
@_date: 2015-01-17 15:50:06
In my opinion hashing contracts and cloud mining has always been a bad idea no matter what company you use.  Any cloud mining company can do this to their customers at any time.  If you want to mine bitcoins, acquire hardware from Antminer or Spoondoolies and mine yourself.  There is no recourse if your cloud mining company does not deliver what they promised you.
@_date: 2015-01-27 18:24:37
Yes, according to the critics mining can never work, even though it's been working fine for years.  If difficulty drops, it will destroy mining.  If difficulty rises, it will destroy mining.  If mining is profitable, it is unfair.  If mining is unprofitable, it is irrational.  The largest pool will absorb all others any minute now, even though every time in history one pool has approached a majority individual miners left the pool in droves and it shrank back to an non-threatening size.  Mining is working as designed.
@_date: 2015-01-23 19:26:37
btcd - an alternative full-node implementation of the bitcoin protocol written in Go
@_date: 2015-05-20 11:03:12
They could, but the point of mining is that it continuously generates new bitcoin whereas a pre-load model would not.  Under the pre-load model, the device would run out at some point, and the user would then have to intervene to reload.  This is not ideal because as of today bitcoins are not easy to buy in many places.
Also if the company is selling bitcoins, they could fall under money transmission regulations in some jurisdictions.
@_date: 2015-01-15 18:51:09
A 'full node' running Bitcoin Core already validates transactions.  Already running one.
Small devices like USB ASIC miners already exist if you are interested in 'keeping the network running' without the expectation of profit.
@_date: 2015-01-10 18:02:56


Modifying a blockchain to suit their needs would not solve the problem of trust that the Bitcoin blockchain solves.  As the paper says:


(covered in Section 3.4), which disrupts the manner in
which trust is established around currencies.
"Their own" blockchain would not "disrupt the manner in which trust is established around currencies".  Users of such a blockchain / currency would still have to trust Ericsson.  The point of a blockchain is that the trust is based on a math based consensus of users who do not trust each other, not on a company who has "their own" blockchain.
@_date: 2015-01-13 18:14:08
I never lost any money in MtGox.  MtGox is not Bitcoin and never was Bitcoin.  Plenty of Bitcoin users have never lost any money in any exchange hack or collapse.  The point of Bitcoin is that you don't have to leave your money in the care of someone else.  You can hold it yourself.
@_date: 2015-01-23 02:06:36
Mining is not controlled by two mining pools.  The pie chart is actually more decentralized today than it's been in ages.  It currently takes four pools to reach over 51%.  
Even then, those four pools do not 'control' mining.  Each pool is made up of thousands of individual miners who would fail over to smaller pools if the pool they are using acts irresponsibly.  We've already seen this phenomenon happen multiple times.
Three dudes do not have control over the code.  Anyone can see the code contributions on github.  The devs do not control what software runs on my node or the thousands of other nodes.  The users of Bitcoin decide what code to run.  The devs have no power to override user consensus.
@_date: 2015-01-20 15:19:32
Contains discussion with Brian Armstrong regarding same.
@_date: 2015-01-28 20:00:23
Cool project, but very misleading title of article.  "Remove confirmations" is not a good way to describe this.  This is a method to gain more confidence about a zero confirmation transaction before the first confirmation arrives.  It has nothing to do with removing confirmations that have been received.
@_date: 2015-05-21 18:47:47


Because you can't send fiat to anyone in any country practically instantly and practically free.  With Bitcoin you can pay any contractor anywhere.  International contractors getting paid in Euros also have to convert their money to dollars and suffer exchange rate losses.  The difference is the bitcoins can be sent to any country and are under the complete control of the user without needing the permission or involvement of any bank.
@_date: 2015-01-20 16:07:41
I am not glossing over it.  I am emphasizing it.
If a random guy from Nigeria intercepts my debit card transaction information in transit, he now has the ability to make fraudulent transactions with my debit card information.  This is because he can use the transaction information he intercepted to fool my bank into letting him use my money. This is only possible because the bank is in control of my money.
If a random guy from Nigeria intercepts my bitcoin transaction information in transit, he has nothing.  My private keys are never in transit.  There is no bank he can fool into allowing him to use my money, because there is no bank that has control of my money.  
Whether or not it is a good or bad thing is up to the individual and may well depend on each person's situation and preference.  But I would argue that a world in which we all must assume that our own money is not safe in our own care and must therefore be given to someone else to secure for us, someone who has the power to deny us the use of our own money, is not the ideal world.  Bitcoin allows an individual to control his own funds and manage his own security while retaining the ability to spend electronically at will.  Bitcoin works like digital cash.  Many people find cash to be convenient in the physical world, and Bitcoin translates those advantages to the digital world in a way that no bank product can ever offer.
The vast majority of thefts of bitcoins happened to companies who were storing other people's bitcoins, not to individuals who were personally hacked.  The problem was not with Bitcoin, the problem was people let some company control their money, and that company becomes a big juicy target.  Even credit cards are not usually stolen out of people's personal wallets.  The numbers are stolen in transit when the numbers are sent to a merchant who is targeted because of the large stash of payment information that they must handle.
@_date: 2015-01-13 14:21:25
This.  Half the internet is banned in Russia.  Apparently anyone can report a site they don't like, and it's basically auto-banned until proven innocent.
@_date: 2015-01-15 17:05:19
@_date: 2015-01-25 20:36:05
I was not charged a cash advance fee when I used Circle.  I think it depends on the credit card you use.  You may want to make a small purchase first and see what happens before making a large purchase.
@_date: 2015-05-05 20:40:04
Love the idea but $1 worth seems like a very small amount.  I mean, $12 dollars worth would be a 1% discount on an ounce of gold.
@_date: 2015-01-28 18:45:12


I can't agree with this.  When you say 'cannot be forged or altered', what you mean is 'cannot be forged or altered assuming the trusted third party allows it to be sent in the first place'.  'Cannot be altered except by the trusted third party who has the power to reverse your transactions'.  
All of the functionality you describe comes with this huge, deal breaking caveat.  No one can really trust the math unless they also trust the third party.  If the trusted third party is running and/or whitelisting all the nodes, the trusted third party can 'upgrade' the software to anything they want at any time and blacklist any nodes that disagree.  They can add money, they can delete money.  If they can delete money then they can delete your money.  Even if they can't technically delete your private keys, they can simply refuse to process transactions coming from your addresses and it's effectively the same thing.  Any trust in the math of such a system would be an illusion, because the third party gatekeepers can interfere with transactions at will, whether or not the transaction would otherwise be considered valid.  If a transaction that follows the math based rules of the system can be stopped or reversed, it is not really a system based on math.  
For example, if I send you a payment with such a Fedcoin, you would still have to worry that I might call the Fedcoin customer service department, claim my keys were stolen, and have my transaction reversed.  The point of a math based blockchain secured by proof of work is that there is no one who can do that.  You are either forced to trust a central third party or you aren't.  No amount of math can be trusted if there is a third party override.
@_date: 2015-01-08 16:01:34
The way the article makes it sound, you can only buy in-game items with the coins you win.  If a so, this would make the bitcoins functionally identical to Farmville money - only useful within the game.  
It's only different if you can potentially withdraw the coins for uses external to the game, and/or deposit bitcoins from external sources for use in the game.  The ability to withdraw and deposit bitcoins outside the game is what makes the use of bitcoins valuable and interesting.  
A player who wins bitcoins in this game has something real.  A year from now, when this game has run its course and is less interesting to the player, he can withdraw his coins and deposit them in the next game that interests him.  Or he can sell his coins for fiat, or he can buy a computer from Dell, or he can donate the coins to Wikipedia.  
Non-Bitcoin, in-game only currencies do not have that kind of flexibility.
@_date: 2015-01-12 16:05:40
I am aware of that, but the supply of new bitcoins is not slowed down in any meaningful way.  It is not slowed down any more than it is sped up when hashpower is added.  Blocks temporarily taking 11 minutes to be found on average is not going to 'stabilize the price'.
@_date: 2015-01-24 18:38:19
Many (most?) consumer routers have UPNP enabled which Bitcoin Core will utilize by default.  Otherwise, you have to enable port forwarding manually or you will not get more than 8 connections.
@_date: 2015-01-17 13:46:48
Whether WU is a 'good' company or not is beside the point.  The point is that if we are thinking of bitcoins as money, there is no longer a need for *any* company, bank or custodian in between transactors.  
The individual transactors are responsible for what they choose to do with their money.  If the transactor breaks an actual law in his jurisdiction, then the transactor should be prosecuted.  In a bitcoin world, there is no more blaming the middleman, because there is no middleman.  
@_date: 2015-01-30 14:33:07
Definitely worth watching.  Accurate, semi-technical overview without making value judgements.  Highlights the math based nature of the system.
This is my favorite video since the [Guardian's explainer,]( which was less technical but also quite good.  
@_date: 2015-05-08 15:58:44
Here is where you contribute to translating Bitcoin Core:
People in any country can mine, run their own nodes, and vote with their CPUs.  They have exactly as much ability to participate in the system as anyone else.  The math works the same for everyone.
@_date: 2015-05-21 18:14:29
No one knows who is mining in those pools.  Just because the pool server may be located in China, it does not prove that the hardware is located there.  Any miner can mine in any pool in any country.  There is no proof that 63% of the mining hardware is physically located in China.
@_date: 2015-01-17 14:27:27
Because you are still thinking of a Bitcoin solution as involving a third party middleman who needs expensive relationships with banks.
Bitcoin remittances are bitcoin-to-bitcoin transactions.  The money moves itself without any company.  Whether or not the receiver wishes to change his bitcoin into fiat is up to him.  
At first, he will probably exchange a lot, perhaps selling to another local who wants to buy goods or services on the internet but does not have access to credit cards.  Perhaps he will sell to another local who is looking to diversify his portfolio by acquiring the world's first digital asset.  Perhaps he will sell to a person who is thinking crossing a border and is concerned about carrying lots of cash or jewelry on his person.  Inexpensive, open source two-way Bitcoin ATMs could easily be set up by local entrepreneurs at the corner store to facilitate these kind of exchanges.
Over time, it will become apparent to the individuals regularly making these transactions that as long as they have internet access, they don't actually need to convert to fiat to transact with others.  They can save on exchange fees if they just use Bitcoin natively to spend and receive money.  Over time, a network effect will emerge.  That's when things get interesting.  If your local grocer is accepting Bitcoin, even exchange fees are eliminated.  At that point, cost of remittance becomes practically zero in a real sense.  
Banks do not believe that what I just described is possible.  The point of the article is that this is the same mistake that Blockbuster made.  They grew up in a world where movies existed only on physical media.  They couldn't imagine a world in which 'average' people streamed movies, so they made the mistake of assuming it would never happen, and they ignored the fact that modern technology had now made streaming viable.  Likewise, existing financial companies cannot imagine a world in which money takes a decentralized, mathematically verifiable digital form.  They believe that digital money exists in bank accounts and nowhere else.  They believe money can never evolve.  Blockbuster didn't think that Netflix was providing a service that people would want.  Banks likewise insist that Bitcoin solves no problem.  Time will tell whether or not their customers agree.
@_date: 2015-01-02 19:34:48
They could, assuming 1) the cooperation of banks and 2) they are willing to pay the price that banks will charge them to cooperate.
Unlike Bitcoin, which has no gatekeepers and can be used by anyone, the banking system can only be used by those who are able to obtain permission from the gatekeepers of the banking system.  If the banks don't want to work with Coinbase, there is nothing Coinbase can do about it.  
In the current environment, many banks view dealings with Bitcoin companies to be risky.  Paypal has had fifteen years to develop banking relationships, whereas Coinbase and Circle are just starting out.  Likely this situation will slowly improve over time as the use of Bitcoin becomes more common.
@_date: 2015-01-20 20:46:35
I may have mixed up some of the details but the point is the same.  Ripple does not send dollars, it sends IOUs for dollars.  Quoth evoorhees:


@_date: 2015-01-13 15:30:47
Because it's a statement disguised as a question, and it has troll written all over it.
The implication is that no one can get their money out of Bitstamp.  This is not actually happening.  There is already a post on the front page on this subject, and the OP of that post has now received his withdrawal successfully.  There was a delay, that's it.  Furthermore, the account of your example post is 11 days old.  
I downvote posts that contribute nothing.  As I understand it, that's what downvotes are for.  Here are some examples.
Any post that contains:
the word 'circlejerk' = downvoted
the problem with this subreddit is = downvoted
crashing = downvoted
bubble = downvoted
troll = downvoted
downvoted = downvoted
pump = downvoted
dump = downvoted
moon = downvoted
ponzi = downvoted
why is the price up/down = downvoted
the price will go up/down = downvoted
bitcoin would be great if only it were centralized = downvoted
a company that uses bitcoins has a problem and it is a problem 'with Bitcoin' = 
implications that X will destroy Bitcoin, even though X has always existed and it inexplicably hasn't destroyed Bitcoin in the last six years = downvoted
Etc.  Examples of good posts:
Academic research papers and discussions thereof= upvoted
Open source Bitcoin node / wallet software projects = upvoted
Discussions / questions about how the Bitcoin software, network, protocol work 
= upvoted
tutorials = upvoted
Businesses accepting bitcoins = upvoted
Businesses offering Bitcoin related services = upvoted
Ideas about specific novel use cases that are difficult or impossible with dollars = upvoted
Open minded discussions of economics of Bitcoin = upvoted
Discussions of world events that reveal potential use cases for Bitcoin = upvoted
@_date: 2015-01-15 06:49:27
Miners' electricity bills have no relation to the number of transactions in a block.  
@_date: 2017-02-09 13:49:49
The best way to support Segwit activation is to mine with hardware you physically control and point at a pool that signals for Segwit.  
Regular computers are unfortunately no longer powerful enough to mine.  You will need a purpose built Bitcoin mining ASIC.  The best ASIC currently available is the Antminer S9 and can be purchased from the manufacturer here:  
You can use mining calculators like [this one]( to guesstimate how profitable you may or may not be depending on certain assumptions about future mining difficulty and future price of Bitcoin.  But profitability does not change the fact that contributing hash power to mining Segwit blocks is the best way to support Segwit activation.  Also mining is the best way to contribute toward any future improvement activations.
The second best way is to run a Bitcoin Core node 0.13.1 or higher, indicating to other humans that your node is  part of [the majority of the connectable Bitcoin network nodes that are ready to accept Segwit transactions]( 
Welcome to the Bitcoin network!
@_date: 2015-01-09 20:55:21
Even after local bank robbery, the dollar still has true believers
@_date: 2015-01-20 18:12:52
It looks like it, yes.  If you like you can verify that your node is reachable from the outside by using the check node feature at 
@_date: 2015-01-08 13:01:18
There is no such thing as an unbiased news source, Bitcoin related or not.
The Bitcoin source code is math.  Math cannot lie and works  the same for everyone, so we call all trust the source code provided we can read and understand it, or can hire someone who does.  We can verify that the Bitcoin software and network works as advertised by experimenting with using the network and observing the results.
Beyond that, everything else in Bitcoin is press releases from companies, opinions, assertions about the future, government decrees or rumors of them, research papers, questions, speculations, etc.  Who decides which of these have 'credibility'?  You do. 
In my opinion CoinDesk is better than nothing but definitely not great.  The co-founder of the site is Shakil Khan, he is an investor in Bitpay.  CoinDesk articles generally approach the subject of Bitcoin with the mindset of someone who is talking about a startup or a product, which is not what Bitcoin is, and IMO are not always written by people who understand Bitcoin.  Many Coindesk articles appear to be summaries of what is happening in or on bitcointalk.org.  However lately it seems they are producing more originally researched content.  Hopefully this will be a trend.  
TLDR:  bitcointalk.org, CoinDesk, Google News, Bitcoin Magazine are where I get most news online. 
@_date: 2016-01-13 00:20:19
No, neither group has any control over the run time consensus.  Anyone can post code to a website.  The Bitcoin network behavior is determined by what the full nodes are running and what the miners are mining.  
@_date: 2015-01-16 01:48:08
Transactions will not seize up, they will keep working exactly like they have been for the last six years.  If mining becomes unprofitable for some miners, those miners will turn off their rigs, difficulty will drop, and mining will become mildly profitable again for those still mining.  Difficulty has dropped many times in the history of Bitcoin.  The biggest drop I am aware of was 18%, which happened in 2011.  It was a non-event.  Difficulty drops are a normal and healthy function of the network.
@_date: 2015-01-04 17:32:22
Yes, Bitcoin transmissions are just information and can therefore be sent over any communications medium, not just the internet.  In fact, Bitcoin over radio waves is already a thing, check out Kryptoradio:
@_date: 2015-01-19 15:22:09
Agreed.  Nothing is more irritating than traveling and finding out my bank card doesn't work because my bank has decided that me accessing my own money is suspicious.  Did I ask them to limit access to my money based on geography?  No.   Even after I tell them not to do it, they continue to do it.  Then I have to have a kafka-esque 20 minute phone conversation where I have to prove to some faceless person in control of my money that I have the right to access my own money.  
No one can lock me out of the bitcoin I have in my wallet.  There is something liberating about being in full control of your money.  
@_date: 2015-01-20 14:31:14
@_date: 2015-01-28 13:07:51
I understand.  If you want to get it changed, I suppose you could open a ticket with blockchain.info and make your case.
@_date: 2015-01-23 01:56:58
Do you believe that their existing mobile networks will never be upgraded to carry data?  They will have internet in the next 3-5, 10 years at the latest.  Google is already floating LTE balloons over rural Brazil.  It's only a matter of time until mobile data trickles down to the developing world.
@_date: 2015-01-01 17:14:09
Bitcoin Wallet for Android is the first and still the best in my opinion.  It's the closest there is to Bitcoin Core for a mobile device.  Open source and decentralized.  You have the option of no PIN so you can send/spend money with low friction.  No personal info or account is needed so there is no dependency on third party systems.  Private keys are stored locally.
@_date: 2015-01-20 16:25:47
It is not a problem.  The time for a given block to be found varies quite a bit.  The average block time target is about every 10 minutes.  Every 2016 blocks (approximately every two weeks), the 'difficulty' of finding a block is automatically adjusted (up or down) to bring the average block time back to approximately every 10 minutes on average.
The average time it takes to hit a block in the last 504 blocks is 10.1 minutes:
Explanation of difficulty and how it works here:
@_date: 2015-01-14 14:07:47
Correct.  If the number of transactions suddenly doubled, this supposed cost per transaction would magically be cut in half, and exactly no one would notice.  Likewise, according to this formula, if there was one transaction per block, each transaction would cost $5000.  It's a meaningless number.  
@_date: 2015-01-27 16:53:52


Right, what I'm saying is it's one or the other.  You are either in consensus with peers whom you are equal to, or you are trusting a central body who has more authority than others that it has power over.  You can't have both.  The Fed is not going to design a system in which it is beholden to consensus with banks who are peers of the Fed.  The Fed does not see itself as a peer of anyone.  The Fed is going to be the dictator of it's system and the banks are going to have the trust it's authority, just like today.
@_date: 2015-01-08 13:07:00
Can you withdraw your coins to an external wallet?
@_date: 2015-01-16 19:36:29
Below Forbes article gives a pretty good overview.  
@_date: 2015-01-14 18:46:10
Miners are not a few privileged players.  Anyone who wants to mine can do so by following the same mathematical rules as everyone else, and the amount they can mine is constrained by the same mathematical rules that constrain everyone else.  This is not at all analogous to a central bank that creates unlimited money out of nothing by decree and gives it to whoever benefits them the most.  No one else has the option to participate or compete with a central bank in any way.  There is not even an attempt at fairness in a central bank system.
@_date: 2015-01-04 19:27:23


That is my understanding.  Bitcoin optimized ASICs do one thing really well - mining.  But they can't be used for much else.  Supercomputers are more 'all purpose' computing, more analogous to the CPU in a desktop computer.  Of course a government could develop or purchase ASICs if it wanted to mine.


I don't know if they are fearful, but they have the same incentives to participate in mining as anyone else.  If a government sees value in the Bitcoin network, then it follows that they don't want anyone else achieving a mining majority.  Since there is no technical way to lock out other participants from the Bitcoin network, the only way to prevent others from achieving a majority is to mine yourself in an effort to make the cost of achieving a majority as high as possible.
@_date: 2015-01-04 18:46:47
My recommendations are as follows:  
Do not give large amounts of your money to third parties to hold it for you for long periods of time (like MtGox or Coinbase or Circle).  Exchange services are fine to use to buy or sell bitcoins, but only store your money somewhere you can keep control of your own private keys.  Do not leave your money in the exchange as if it were a bank.  The point of Bitcoin is to remove the need to trust a bank to store your money.
Do not invest in hash mining / cloud mining contracts.  If you want to mine, mine with equipment you physically control and can point to a pool of your choice. 
Stick to Bitcoin.  Stay away from altcoins.  Paycoin was not a Bitcoin debacle.  It was a Paycoin debacle.  Anyone who was involved with Paycoin/GAW could have avoided all the pain by following the above recommendations.
In other words, best practices for Bitcoin are the same as they've always been.  People who insist on not following best practices increase their chances of being burned, usually by a third party that they shouldn't have trusted losing / taking their money.
As of today Bitcoin is risky.  If you want to use it for what the technology was designed for, get a small amount and experiment with using it.  Send it, receive it, remit it, donate it, save it, share it.  See what it's like to have your own money under your control while retaining the ability to use it on the internet.  That's what Bitcoin is really about.
@_date: 2015-01-02 15:18:50
Partly, but making ACH instant does not give a bank account the benefits of Bitcoin.  That UK solution will only work in the UK for people who have bank accounts, and it will only work for transactions that the bank allows in amounts that the bank allows to people that the bank allows for the price that the bank dictates.  Also, it seems that service divides people into personal or business categories, and personal cannot be used to receive money, only to send.  The business level service doubtless has higher fees. 
Bitcoin held in a wallet you control can be used for anything you want to use it for, including receiving money, and it works in every country, practically instantly and practically free.  No bank or company can offer any such service, no matter how fast they can transfer between bank accounts.  Bitcoin is not just a consumer payment solution, it is full service money that works for every person or company on the internet.
@_date: 2015-01-12 16:51:45
More of the same nonsense we've been hearing for years.
Reporter implies everyone selling via localbitcoins is laundering drug money.  He then proceeds to buy bitcoins via a seller on localbitcoins.  By his own definition, the reporter is guilty of money laundering.
Critics continue to fail to recognize the distinction between Bitcoin (the peer to peer, decentralized, publicly reviewable, mathematically verifiable open source software network protocol) and the companies and individuals who use bitcoins.  Two totally different things.  Understand this distinction or stop writing articles until you do.
@_date: 2015-01-24 23:14:35
For home miners your best bets are the Antminer S5:
...or the Spoondoolies SP20:
Both require separate PSUs.  Neither will make you rich but both will get you some bits and help keep the network decentralized.
You probably want to use a calculator like the one at bitcoinwisdom.com to estimate how much you will mine and what your profit or lack thereof will be, depending on difficulty and your electricity cost.  Average difficulty rise since October 1st is about 3%.  
@_date: 2014-09-06 13:02:48
This is just an app that connects to a bank account.  The banks and credit card companies are still in full control of your money and what you are allowed to do with it.  You will only be allowed to use your own money to the extent that you can prove your identity to the bank, the credit card company, and now Apple.  This product will only work in countries in which banks, credit card companies and Apple are able to forge business relationships.  No centralized product controlled by a centralized company can every compete with Bitcoin, because it cannot offer the benefits that Bitcoin offers.  Bitcoin allows every person on the internet in every country to be in complete control of their money, while retaining the ability to send and receive internet payments.  The Apple product will not offer these benefits.
@_date: 2015-01-16 01:05:28
It means nothing.  Bitcoin is not MtGox, Bitcoin is not Silk Road.  Bitcoin is an open source peer to peer network the operation of which is fully transparent and mathematically verifiable.  It worked before Silk Road, it works after Silk Road.  It worked before MtGox, it works after MtGox.  There are already other marketplaces and other exchanges.  Any person in any country can still send bitcoins to any other person in any country, practically instantly and practically free, without needed to trust any third party.  That's why Bitcoin has been used until now and that's why it will continue to be used.
@_date: 2017-02-25 19:54:57
Can you define 'the economy' in an independently verifiable way that does not assume that some nodes or users are more equal than others?  I have seen many assertions from both sides about what 'the economy', 'the community', 'economically significant nodes', 'investors', etc, all supposedly want, but no math that explains how to measure it in a way better than POW.
How exactly would the economy activate Segwit without mining Segwit signaling blocks?  Who would mine the new blocks if not the current miners?  Someone has to mine them, and apparently 'the economy' cannot be bothered to mine even though they are supposedly the majority.  So who is going to mine this fork?  It's going to be individuals with cheap electricity and capital to risk on hardware... just like now.  Eventually you will have to fork away from the miners again and again because they aren't doing what you want.  Why bother with a POW system at all if you believe users should be able to override it?  How will you measure what the users want in a way that cannot be gamed?  Why will new miners invest in mining equipment if they have to fear non-mining users changing the rules at any time?  Why will the market value the new fork chain with less POW security behind it than the original chain?  I sure wouldn't.  
I'm all for Segwit but this notion by both sides that 'we' can force the majority of hashpower to do anything is antithetical to the spirit of Bitcoin in my opinion.  Miners are users just like us and they are playing by the same consensus rules we all agreed to.  If Segwit supporters really are the majority, which I believe we are, then we should prove it by doing the Work, as in Proof Of.  If we can't prove it then there is no proof that we are the majority, and Bitcoin continues running with 1MB blocks until proof is presented.  It seems to me this is Good and Correct.  If it's not Proof of Work then it's just a bunch of people arguing on the internet.
@_date: 2015-01-07 14:37:25
It is correct that the Bitcoin protocol can be changed by a consensus of users and miners.  It is unclear what the incentive would be for users and miners to support changing the protocol in a way that would allow a central authority to control our money.  The reason Bitcoin is interesting is that it is decentralized digital money that can do everything physical money can do, in addition to being transferred over the internet and useable for anything, including by computers for anything that be expressed in source code.  If it becomes centralized, it is no longer interesting because it can no longer do everything that physical money can do.  It would be reduced to uses that are approved in advance by a central authority that all users would have to submit to, even if those users did not live in the same jurisdiction as the authority.
What country's laws would this central authority follow?  Bitcoin has no nationality and works for every person in every country as of today.  The first thing a central authority would do is attempt to reduce the utility of the system by locking out individuals that it disagreed with.  The whole point of Bitcoin is that there is no one who can do that.  If there was, their would be no reason to trust the money, because at any moment the central authority could decide that it didn't like you and your money could evaporate.  Banks already provide that service to the governments of the world.  Bitcoin is money that can be held and spent digitally by individuals without ceding control to any bank or company.
@_date: 2015-01-24 16:52:26
Maybe, but holding bolivars is also a gamble.  And bolivars cannot be sent over the internet.  OP asked how to get bitcoins, and mining is one way to do it.  I don't see any reason why getting shipped an ASIC would be any harder than getting shipped any other type of equipment.  Surely they have have computers in Venezuela that are not manufactured in Venezuela.  Obviously there must be a way to get items shipped.
@_date: 2015-01-27 16:27:07
No, for some reason Bitcoinwisdom does not go all the way back.  The largest drop in history was in 2011 following the 2011 price 'bubble', around the time that Wired magazine and other critics declared Bitcoin 'dead'.  Difficulty dropped about 18%.  Bitcoin kept working exactly the same as the day before.  There is nothing negative about a difficulty drop.  It is a normal part of the system.
@_date: 2015-01-18 12:50:28
This is the correct answer.  It is not difficult to buy bitcoins.  Hand someone cash, they send you bitcoins, done!
The problems OP is describing are problems moving dollars electronically.  Dollars cannot be irreversibly sent to Coinbase (for example).  So Coinbase has to assume you might try to scam them with a chargeback.  Therefore they have to run all kinds of anti-fraud mechanisms, which include identity verification, limits on how much you can buy, etc.  All of that stuff massively slows down the process.
Try buying bitcoins for cash in person and you will see how easy it really is.  Bitcoins are under the user's complete control, just like cash, and can be sent to any person in any country at will.
@_date: 2015-01-19 23:33:35
According to the article it is limited to the Eurozone.  It's exclusionary - the only entities that can transact with it are the entities that the gatekeepers of the system (the Eurosystem) allow.  It does not work in every country for every person on the internet.  The Eurosystem can refuse to process payments it doesn't like.  Nothing is verifiable on a decentralized ledger.
So basically it doesn't compare to Bitcoin at all.  It's just a fancy system for bank wires.
@_date: 2015-01-22 13:20:10
Not this again.  The comparison does not apply.  Nothing can be said in Esperanto that cannot be said in other languages.  Bitcoin can do things that other money cannot do.  With Bitcoin, any person can send money to any other person in any country, practically instantly and practically free, without needing permission from any trusted third party.  This cannot be done with the current banking system, and it can't be done with so called 'mobile money' solutions that are controlled by a company like Vodaphone or a government like Ecuador.  Bitcoin can do things legacy money cannot do.  
@_date: 2015-05-16 01:29:28
The participants in their network have to trust the bank who 'owns' the network.  
@_date: 2015-01-02 16:06:51
Not sure what you mean.  As far as I know Paypal does not sell Bitcoin so they don't handle this exact situation.
If you mean how does Paypal give the illusion of instant ACH funding to your Paypal account, I imagine it has something to do with contracts with their banking partners that they pay for out of the 3% fees they charge for various services.  As you know, the movement of money between Paypal accounts is just the modification of entries that represent money on Paypal's centralized ledger.  In reality, as I understand it, settlement of funds between banks only actually happens a couple of times per business day.  So Paypal probably has some kind of contract with their banking partners to ensure that settlement eventually happens, and they probably build in a certain expectation of loss for transfers that turn out to be fraudulent.  Of course they also are known to cancel transfers and freeze funds quite often in an attempt to prevent and/or punish the abuse of this type of system.
@_date: 2015-01-24 13:38:34
There are modern mining rigs available for much less than $1000.  Antminer S5 is currently selling from the manufacturer for $310.
@_date: 2014-12-29 15:45:09
Must watch.  Does a great job of illustrating why Bitcoin is far more disruptive than just a mobile payment method.  We are at the very beginning of the disruption Bitcoin will cause.
@_date: 2015-01-25 00:24:43
Don't know what to tell you, my S3s have been running non-stop since August with no problems that the occasional cold boot doesn't fix.  Maybe the S3+ is different.  
@_date: 2014-08-03 11:27:41
No, because none of those 15-20 people can control anyone's money or force anyone to upgrade to malicious code.  They do not 'decide what to implement'.  All they do is post open source, publicly reviewable code to a website.  Each user decides what to implement.  No one decides what gets implemented on my node.  I decide.  If the devs include a back door or a blacklist or a whitelist in a new version, users can simply not upgrade to that version.  
That said, more eyes on the code is always better.  There are many companies and individuals in many countries who have a financial interest in Bitcoin maintaining its value, and it must remain decentralized, functional and secure to maintain its value.  Therefore more developers will eventually be paid by these disparate companies and individuals to contribute and review code to protect their own financial interests.  It's already starting to happen.  
@_date: 2015-01-17 16:37:08
Slush, BTCGuild and Eligius are all run by old school Bitcoiners and have the longest histories of successful operation.  Slush is actually the first mining pool.  Your Antminers should work fine with any of these.
@_date: 2017-02-11 01:57:47
 is probably the most well known
@_date: 2017-02-25 16:14:12
There is no way to 'force a block size increase' on anyone.  Anyone who changes their own consensus rules, including any mining algorithm change, will only succeed in forking themselves off the Bitcoin network.  
Even if some group did that, who exactly is going to mine this new chain?  If 'we' are not willing to complete with miners now, why would we suddenly start mining after the fork?  There is no guarantee that mining our new forkcoin would be profitable.  If it is profitable, guess who else is going to start mining it?  Big miners with cheap electricity.  That will put us right back to where we are now.
The only way to get Segwit to activate is for users who support Segwit to mine ourselves with hardware we physically control and signal for Segwit.  Bitcoin's consensus mechanism is mining.  There is no mechanism for non-mining users to force mining users to do what the non-mining users want.
@_date: 2015-01-16 19:32:55
Explainer video from The Guardian:
We Use Coins explainer video:
For more info, see the sidebar, especially bitcoin.org and bitcoin.it.
@_date: 2017-02-25 15:21:06
No one can force anyone else to do anything in Bitcoin.  That would not be decentralized or Peer to Peer.  That is not how the rules work.  No peer can force you to do anything, and you cannot force another peer to do anything.
If you want Segwit to activate, you can start mining and signal for Segwit.  No one can stop you from mining.  You don't need anyone's permission.  
You can also run a connectable full node that supports Segwit.  It doesn't count towards activation, but others can see that your node is in favor of Segwit and awaiting activation.
@_date: 2015-05-07 12:55:49
There are multiple ways to acquire bitcoins.
1) provide a service or sell a good and accept bitcoins in payment.  Advertise your good or service online to users of Bitcoin.
2) Acquire an ASIC and mine bitcoins yourself.
 (Spondoolies appears to be out of stock currently)
3) Purchase Bitcoins with cash or barter for them with other goods.  LocalBitcoins.com or Mycelium local trader are good places to find sellers.
There are at least two reputable sites that sell gold and silver and take payments in Bitcoin.  They also buy gold and silver, so I assume they would be open to the idea of paying for gold and silver with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-03-07 12:19:44
This is why it is now and always will be important for individuals to run nodes on hardware they physically control themselves.
@_date: 2017-03-16 00:19:42
You are correct, the more different people and businesses who are mining, the more decentralized Bitcoin is.  This would be good for Bitcoin.
You could mine with the 21 Bitcoin computer.  However in terms of hashing power, it doesn't have very much by today's standards.  The most powerful, most efficient equipment available today is the Antminer S9 which can be purchased from the manufacturer here:
Unfortunately they are currently the only company this is offering mining equipment of modern power and efficiency for sale to the public.
@_date: 2016-01-07 01:39:51
Where is the source code for this 'interledger protocol'?  
Ripple is not a better Bitcoin and does not send 'any currency'.  It sends IOUs for any currency.  The interesting thing about the Bitcoin ledger is that it does not send IOUs.  It sends the actual asset, bitcoins.  The Bitcoins are valuable because of their utility as decentralized, permissionless, independently mathematically verifiable money.  They are not valuable because of the promise of a bank to redeem them for something else.


What does that even mean?  The banks don't want to 'join' the Bitcoin ledger but they want to use this interledger protocol to trade their worthless scrip that they create out of nothing and can manipulate at will in exchange for decentralized bitcoins?  If they are sending and receiving bitcoins then aren't they 'joining' the Bitcoin network?
@_date: 2017-02-10 02:06:28
'China' does not have a monopoly.  There are other places where cheap power exists.  
We do that by choosing to mine regardless of profitability because it is the only way to counterbalance centralization pressures and participate in the consensus mechanism.  Individuals can mine at a loss because we have day jobs.  Big mining farms must be profitable or shut down.  Therefore individuals will always be able to outlast for profit miners, if we choose to.  The reward is a more decentralized, more secure Bitcoin where larger miners have less influence.  The only hash power you know can't be used against you is your own hash power.  It benefits every user of Bitcoin to control his own little slice of hash power.
Changing the mining algorithm will not change the cost of electricity so that will not solve the problem.  Disparate parties must choose to mine no matter what the algorithm is.
@_date: 2014-02-07 15:15:35
Interesting article associating the ability to use money anonymously with the freedoms of speech and assembly.  IMO the idea of financial privacy needs to be discussed in these terms more often.


If persons cannot donate to a cause anonymously, it could "discourage people from engaging in their political activities".
@_date: 2016-01-21 01:07:02
Great comment.  The core devs are acting in defense of network node and mining decentralization, which is what differentiates Bitcoin from everything else that has ever existed.  Anyone who thinks they want more transactions per second at the expense of mining decentralization does not fully understand why Bitcoin is valuable.
@_date: 2017-02-11 20:43:18


In my opinion, that is not a healthy or productive way to look at the situation.  Miners are users.  Any user can choose to mine.  If a user chooses not to mine, what right does he have to tell users who are mining what to do?  As far as I can tell, none.  The mining user's decisions and opinions are just as legitimate as a non-mining user's.  
Any user who wants to have a voice in Bitcoin block production and fork activation can start mining and signal his preference.  This is part of the genius of Bitcoin - you don't need permission from anyone else to participate, and no user's opinion is more equal than any other user's opinion.
@_date: 2014-07-26 14:02:06
The original Bitcoin Core / 'Satoshi' client at Bitcoin.org.
@_date: 2016-01-31 12:59:54
Article is about a power company in Washington that wants to raise electricity prices for mining farms.
@_date: 2016-03-07 12:27:38
Nothing?  Miners are doing it for the money, and because they understand that a peer to peer digital money that works the same way for every person in every country is important.  The only way to ensure the security of the network is for users of Bitcoin to mine themselves as a defensive measure to help prevent any other party from gaining a mining majority.  There is no comparable 'more lucrative' scenario.
If the current miners stopped mining, difficulty would drop, profitability would rise and others would immediately start mining to take advantage of this.  Bitcoin would keep right on working, just like it has been for the last seven years.
@_date: 2017-03-11 15:22:58
Ethereum does not do what Bitcoin does.  Ethereum does not have a limited supply, plans to change its inflation rate (apparently based on the opinion of Vitalik), and plans to change its consensus algorithm to something of unproven viability.  Participants in the Ethereum network violated the principles of their supposedly code based system when they broke their own blockchain to benefit foolish DAO investors, many of whom just happened to be themselves.  
Ethereum does not have the reliability of Bitcoin. The Ethereum network often experiences unintentional forks and consensus failures between it's different clients.  Why would a person put his money on a system that has shown it's willingness to fork his money away from him, intentionally or unintentionally?  
I agree with what you said in OP that smart contracts are wishy washy.  You should take a hard look at Ethereum from that perspective.  No one is actually using Ethereum for anything in production because the very idea of smart contracts is vague and hand-wavy and their actual benefits in real world contexts are unproven at best.  
In contrast, Bitcoin is being used as money by individuals and merchants for actual commerce.  It does one thing, it does it well, and it can be relied upon to work the same way as yesterday.  Everything you want in money.  Ethereum claims to be able to do everything, but so far has not demonstrated anything actually useful.  Its entire premise, unstoppable code as law, has been shown to be broken in practice.
@_date: 2017-03-11 02:39:13
Nothing has changed.  The reasons people have been buying all this time are the same reasons to buy now.
Bitcoin is valuable because it allows any person in any country to send independently mathematically verifiable money to any other person in any country without permission from any central party.  Bitcoin is valuable because there is no central issuer who can arbitrarily make it out of nothing at the expense of the other users.  It is valuable because every transaction is as valid as any other if it follows the publicly known mathematical rules without regard to race, country, religion, or credit rating.  Bitcoin is reliable in a way that dollars in a bank can never be, because a bank is in full control of that money and can prevent you from accessing it for any arbitrary reason.  No one can turn off your Bitcoin.
The supply is very limited but the potential isn't.  All the bitcoin that exists is only worth about 16 Billion at today's market price of approximately $1100 each.  Bitcoin today has the market price of one bank.  The Paypal company alone has a market cap of 52 Billion.  Even if the price of Bitcoin tripled, that would only be the market valuing Bitcoin as much as the Paypal company.  Paypal does not give a person control of his own independently mathematically verifiable money that can be sent to anyone in any country at will.  
Don't let the difference between $10 and $1000 dollars fool you.  Bitcoin is still a tiny drop in the bucket compared to the global playing field.  Sooner or later importers and exporters will begin paying each other with it to bypass expensive intermediaries and exchange rate fees.  Multinationals will realize they can move their own money between countries without intermediaries.  Smaller countries will realize they can transact with each other without going through New York or London.  Use cases like these will start slowly but eventually snowball.  
In the meantime, you and I are in full control of our own digital money held outside the traditional system, and we can transact with others who recognize the value of that.  In my opinion, the number of us is only going to rise over time.
@_date: 2016-01-21 11:51:52
Visa has both users and network effect.  But it does not allow a person to be in complete control of their own independently verifiable digital money, in every country, without requiring permission from any third party.
@_date: 2016-01-19 00:31:49
They are both definitely public pools that anyone from any country can join.  Everyone in Bitcoin knows this, but some individuals inexplicably continue to state publicly that these pool operators 'control' all their pool hashpower, even though that is not the reality.  That said, the pool operators do run their own mining farms, which presumably make up some percentage of their pools.  Exactly what that percentage is, no one can say for sure but the pool operators.  
The correct response to concerns about mining centralization is to mine yourself with hardware you physically control, and encourage everyone else to do the same thing.  That way, if large pools act irresponsibly,  smaller miners like us can point our hash power away from that pool and at a different pool, or P2pool, or solo mine.  That is the only way to keep large miners in check, no matter what country they are from.  Decentralized mining is fundamental to the utility of Bitcoin and its importance cannot be overstated.
@_date: 2017-03-28 23:56:13
That was disproved in October 2013 when Silk Road was shut down.  Far from crashing, the Bitcoin price skyrocketed 10X over the next 8 weeks.  
Forbes author appears to be writing from the unspoken perspective that all transactions must be audited by some authority or be breaking the law.  This is not the case.  Anyone can transact with his neighbor using cash.  This has always been perfectly legal and does not make him a lawbreaker.  Bitcoin works the same way, except also over the internet.  
Citizens of free countries do not need permission from banks or governments to transact with each other. 
@_date: 2017-03-10 12:17:05
You can't 'believe' a broken mechanism into being not broken.  
As OP demonstrates, BU allows a minority miner to raise the blocksize out from under the majority against their will, eliminating smaller miners and taking us further down the road to centralization.  This is not the advertised behavior and not how Bitcoin participants want the system to work.  Decentralization is crucial to the system and we should only be considering changes that increase decentralization, not threaten it.  That is why the vast majority of the network has chosen to run Bitcoin Core with a static block size and not support BU.
Believing that BU's mechanism "just might work" does not address OP's scenario.
@_date: 2015-05-08 13:25:59
Likely the language barrier and the different news cycles.  Still, there is some movement.
Another article from last year explaining why a medical products manufacturer in Cairo likes to use Bitcoin to pay it's suppliers:
@_date: 2017-03-08 12:04:14
BitcoinXT never had extraordinary node counts.  They had 25% at peak.  Classic had even less at peak, and BU has even less at only 8%.
@_date: 2017-03-11 01:58:55
If your transaction did not get broadcast to the network before the crash, you will still have your bitcoin when you reboot.
If your transaction did get broadcast to the network before the crash, it will eventually be mined and included in the block chain.  You will not have the bitcoin when you reboot.  The person you sent the transaction to will receive it. 
@_date: 2015-05-07 15:56:28
It wasn't my intent to say that Bitcoin was a democracy per se, though I do think in terms of reaching consensus among peers there are similarities when contrasted with single company dictatorships.
But to run with the analogy for a moment, in a democracy a sizable minority can always choose to secede (fork).  Like a Bitcoin fork, this would be messy and the exact success/failure/consequences are difficult to predict.
@_date: 2015-05-21 18:54:23
Free electricity gives you a major advantage over other miners.  Antminer S3's or S5's are probably the best way to go.  Seems like there are a lot of cheap S3s on ebay right now.
@_date: 2016-01-07 02:11:18
Great article.  Illustrates the real reasons that Bitcoin will be adopted.
Permissionless - any person in any country can participate in Bitcoin mining without asking any bank or government.
Permissionless - Any person in any country can send their mined bitcoins to whoever they want, in any amount they want, out of any country they want, into any country they want.
Permissionless - any person in any country can accept bitcoins as payment in exchange for good and services, electronically or in person, without needing a relationship with any bank.
@_date: 2017-03-15 23:40:32
THANK YOU, I've been saying this for years.
The only way to combat the influence of large mining farms is for as many individuals and businesses as possible to mine ourselves with hardware we physically control, regardless of profitability, to protect our investment and Bitcoin's usefulness as a decentralized currency.
You don't need millions of dollars.  You need one S9 and $120 of electricity per month (assuming typical US residential power cost of $0.13 per kwh).  Despite what people constantly repeat, with today's Bitcoin price and difficulty S9s *are* profitable.  Check the mining calculators.
If we don't resist by mining, we are abdicating our vote and giving more influence (and profits) to those who are mining.  There is no way around it.  Bitcoin is mining.  If we don't want large mining farms to throw their weight around then we have to mine ourselves to dilute their influence by making their slice of the pie smaller.
@_date: 2016-01-03 14:29:22
There are several businesses already doing this.  If you like the idea of accepting a form of electronic payment that cannot be fraudulently reversed, then it seems like a natural fit to me.
@_date: 2017-03-16 00:47:19
Totally agree.  
You are in total control of how much mining costs you.  The most you can lose is the price of the miner and the price of the electricity.  Hobby mining is not going to drive anyone into bankruptcy. 
People spend their discretionary income on all kinds of unprofitable hobbies, and also donate money to causes that are important to them without any hope of reward.  There is no reason people cannot choose to mine Bitcoin for the same reasons.
@_date: 2014-06-27 13:02:05
According to Matt Miller, Alex Waters is going to bid live on air on Bloomberg.
Also - Bloomberg commentators agree that Bitcoin is sexy.
@_date: 2017-03-28 23:44:36
The alternative plane cannot travel twice as fast without trade offs.  All of the same laws of physics apply that apply to Bitcoin.  Passengers do not understand the trade offs, and the alternative plane has not been proven to fly safely.  There is no magic plane with unlimited speed.  The reason the alternative plane is not uncomfortably full is that no one is actually flying on it, not because it has unlimited capacity.  It doesn't.
@_date: 2017-03-11 02:00:22
EDIT: the other poster who said miners will mine to reverse the transaction is joking.  It doesn't work like that.
@_date: 2017-02-25 21:02:39
The problem is there is no way to objectively prove what the majority of 'users' want without Proof of Work mining.  That's why Bitcoin uses Proof of Work mining to decide which transactions get included in a block and to signal fork activation.  The Proof of Work is objectively, independently mathematically verifiable and cannot be faked.
How do you know if the majority of 'users' agree with you and will fork with you?  Who has the authority to coordinate the users?  Who has the authority to do the counting of the user votes?  How will they count?  How will they ensure no one voted twice?  How can they prove that all users were aware of the vote and had a chance to vote?  You can't just count the nodes on Bitnodes.io because nodes can be faked, plus that would place Bitnodes.io as a central third party / single point of failure.  How do you know if users agree to that?  Can you force them to agree to that?  Who decides?  Are some nodes like exchanges more equal than others?  Who decides that?  Did non-English speaking users get to vote?  Are they reading the same forums as you? How do you really know that the rest of the users will fork with you?  Maybe half of them don't.  Now you've got two Bitcoins, one (the original) with more hashpower than the other because most of the old miners stayed on it.  Why would the new fork with less hashpower be valued more than the old fork?  What if exchanges play it safe by trading both forks?  Why will new miners invest in mining hardware if they don't know if the users will turn against them and change the rules at any moment?  Why will investors invest if they can't even be sure what they are investing in?
There is no way to guarantee that mining the new algorithm would be profitable.  It would be even more uncertain than getting into Bitcoin mining now.  If 'users' are not mining now, they are not going to mine the new fork.  What hardware are you mining with?  If it's not ASICs, it's GPUs and FPGAs.  Guess what, there are already large mining farms of GPUs and FPGAs, many of them run by the same miners who are mining Bitcoin.  What happens when you want to fork next time?  What 'GPU safe' algorithm would you use to prevent the current miners from mining your new new fork?
The reason Bitcoin is the most valued cryptocurrency (by far) is because it is the first and most reliable (by far).  It worked yesterday, it works today.  Everyone knows how the rules work.  There are no Eth style unintentional forks, changing mining algorithms, uncertain inflation schedules, blockchain rollbacks, half the nodes on the network crashing, etc.  
A contentious hard fork would be bad for everybody.  That's why Bitcoin should only change if there is true consensus that it should change, as proven by Proof of Work mining. 
Of course anyone who wants to can try a fork.  But it is very unclear if anyone else would follow him.  That's why BU has been talking big all this time but has not actually forked - because they know that the risk of a contentious fork destroying them is exceedingly high.
@_date: 2015-05-20 11:31:37
There is nothing stopping other hardware manufacturers from doing the same thing with their own chips.  So I don't think this will lead to a long term centralization problem.
@_date: 2015-05-16 01:13:02


Federated by whom?  Anything federated looses the advantages of decentralized Bitcoin and becomes no different from a centralized system in practice.  Who decides what servers are allowed to participate in the network?  That entity controls the network by banishing any nodes who disagree with itself.  The 'consensus' reached by any such network is not a real consensus between peers who do not trust each other.  It's a 'consensus' dictated by the entity who has the sole ability to deny nodes and stop transactions.  This single entity can be pressured by government and targeted by attackers.  There is no such single entity that can be targeted in the Bitcoin network.  It is the ability of the public to participate in mining that creates the blockchain security.
@_date: 2016-01-15 12:03:43
There is no spoon.
@_date: 2017-03-15 23:18:05
Mining is truly decentralized.  No one needs permission from anyone else to mine bitcoin.  Mining can be done by any person in any country.  
Unfortunately most Bitcoin users choose not to mine because it won't make them rich fast enough.  They would rather complain about users who are mining.  Because most users complain but do not mine, it gives more influence to the relatively few users who do choose to mine.  
The way to combat mining centralization is to mine yourself with hardware you physically control.
@_date: 2017-03-05 13:41:02
Nothing is stopping any person, business, bank or government from participating in Bitcoin mining.  Bitcoin mining does not require permission from anyone.  The Chinese miners do not have any power to prevent anyone else from mining in competition with them.
Ideally, as many different entities as possible would be mining.  This results in the most decentralized, most secure network possible.  The more miners there are, the lower the influence of each mining entity.
@_date: 2016-06-19 12:18:53
What will a full refund in ETH be worth after a smart contract invalidating hard fork is performed?  If the rules of an Ethereum smart contract as expressed in code are not inviolate, it defeats the entire premise of a smart contract.  
@_date: 2016-06-05 11:54:11
This problem has nothing to do with Bitcoin, and everything to do with the policies of banks.  No identity is required to buy Bitcoin.  Meet someone via LocalBitcoins (or Craigslist, your you local meetup) hand them cash, they send you Bitcoin.  Done.
@_date: 2016-06-25 14:41:38
@_date: 2016-06-05 18:50:39
This would not end Bitcoin.  It would simply require Bitcoiners outside china to step up and out-hash the co-opted farms.  Anyone who owns bitcoin has an incentive to mine themselves to protect their own money from just such a scenario.
@_date: 2016-06-26 12:19:18
Bitcoin has no age restrictions, since the way it works does not depend on identity.  
Coinbase is not Bitcoin, it is a company that sells bitcoins.  Companies like that are regulated almost like banks and have all sorts of rules about who is allowed to do what.
You could use a service like LocalBitcoins.com to meet another person who has bitcoin to sell.  You pay them in cash, they send you bitcoin.  Use a wallet you control that does not require your name (like Bitcoin Wallet for Android).  Once you have the bitcoin you can do whatever you want with it.  
Age is irrelevant to Bitcoin, just like age is irrelevant to a ten dollar bill.
@_date: 2016-06-08 11:05:55




They should have to *prove* criminal activity is taken place before seizing people's money and property!  Isn't this obvious?!  
@_date: 2016-06-05 11:59:31
Reportedly Bitfury has multiple farms in different countries.
@_date: 2016-06-18 17:07:34
Neuromancer is the best and best known.  My second favorite is Pattern Recognition.  See also his early short story collection entitled Burning Chrome.
@_date: 2016-06-25 17:33:21
Earliest value in 2011 was not $10.90, Bitstamp just wasn't trading yet.  2011 started at less than a dollar.   has the historical MtGox charts.
@_date: 2016-06-17 12:04:00
Explanation here:
@_date: 2016-06-06 11:22:03
Not true, Bitcoin Core runs over Tor by default if Tor is installed on your computer.
@_date: 2016-06-24 11:29:17


@_date: 2016-06-06 00:10:05
Bitcoin is not going to die in several weeks.  Even so, all the more reason to start mining outside China now, which is why I am forever encouraging people to mine themselves with hardware they physically control.  Every little bit helps.
Whether or not ASICs made in the US would be profitable to manufacture depends on how much Bitcoin users and companies want to invest in them to defend Bitcoin.  The ROI is retaining our ability to control our own money on the internet.  IF we assume the majority of hardware is physically located in China (which I noticed you have offered no proof of), AND we assume the Chinese government seizes 100% of it while continuing to mine, and the Chinese government simultaneously makes ASIC manufacture and shipping illegal, and all of the S5s,S3s,S1s,SP35s,BFL singles, FPGAs and GPUs that come out of closets or off the junk piles are not enough to regain a mining majority, then the choices for Bitcoiners will be:
A) save decentralized Bitcoin by manufacturing and running mining ASICs outside China, perhaps at the cost of short term profitability, or 
B) Let Bitcoin die, which would necessitate switching to something else like Litecoin / Dash / Doge / Eth / whatever if we want to retain the ability to control our own money on the internet.  The problem with that is that all mining equipment for those coins will still be most profitable to manufacture in China, so you still have the same problem as before if you assume the Chinese government will attack it and no one will care to defend it.  POS won't save you either because China or the US will just print money and buy it all up.
So IMO the best thing to do right now, while China is not currently attacking mining farms and ASIC manufacturers, is to mine ourselves, in all the countries we are from, using hardware we each physically control.  That is the only way to keep Bitcoin decentralized and usable for everyone everywhere, including ourselves.  All the benefits of Bitcoin depend on decentralized Proof of Work.  If people are not willing to do the work the system will become centralized and we will not be able to control our own money on the internet.  So it is imperative that Bitcoin users and companies do not allow that to happen, even if it's at the cost of short term profitability.
@_date: 2016-06-15 20:53:49
In my opinion, your conclusion is 100 percent correct.
Decentralized proof of work mining IS the solution to the issue of centralization.  It is the bedrock upon which all of the benefits of Bitcoin are built.  All users of Bitcoin (holders, transactors, businesses, etc) have an incentive to mine to keep the system decentralized and therefore usable *for themselves*.
The solution to the problem of centralization is for everyone to mine themselves at a small scale.  Even if it is not profitable in terms of dollars, it keeps your money in a state where it cannot be arbitrarily manipulated by anyone with special privileges.  The whole point of Bitcoin is to create a system that allows this, and decentralized proof of work mining is the way that system is created.
@_date: 2016-06-10 11:18:22
"Lie" might be a bit harsh.  It is an overly simplified statement that assumes that the Bitcoin data is not being sent over an encrypted tunnel.  
The author is contrasting the current Bitcoin data that does not obfuscate addresses, with this new system that does.  The author is saying that today an ISP could conceivably attempt to block traffic that contained certain Bitcoin addresses the ISP does not like.  With the change the author is speaking about, the ISP could not see individual addresses, so they could not selectively block certain Bitcoin addresses.  But the ISP can still tell the data is Bitcoin traffic and can therefore block anything that looks like Bitcoin traffic.
However, if Bitcoin data is being sent inside and encrypted tunnel, the ISP can only see an encrypted tunnel.  An encrypted tunnel can contain any type of data.  So unless the ISP blocks all encrypted data, they cannot be sure they are blocking all Bitcoin data.
@_date: 2016-06-09 11:40:02




There is no way to prove that these are the 'only players left'.
@_date: 2016-06-05 15:20:22
These sorts of applications are mostly hype as of today.  They depend on a universally accepted method of creating a digital signature for the physical thing you are cataloguing.  Everyone in the supply chain would have to be able to verify that the physical thing matched the signature on the blockchain.  Which means in practice they would need some sort of open source 3d scanning software standard that all participants agreed about and had access to, plus a universally accepted way of taking the measurements.  Anything less relies on trusting third parties, which the point of a blockchain is to avoid.
One could imagine this sort of thing might work for diamonds, but it's hard to see how it could work for something like fruit, because a piece of fruit could be bruised, changing its physical measurements and therefore changing its digital signature.
@_date: 2016-06-26 21:35:25
A) there is no block withholding attack in progress
B) this is video is old and does not contain news
C) They are not 'one pool'.  What he means is that when a block is found by any one of them, they all start mining on top of it without necessarily fully validating it first, which ideally they would do.  This is known as 'SPV mining' and is not news. 
@_date: 2016-06-05 15:08:47
Two pools do not 'own' 50% of mining power.  A pool is made up of many smaller miners (who can be located in any country, not just the country of the mining pool).  The smaller miners 'point' their ASICs at the mining pool.  The smaller miners can point away from one pool and at another pool at any time.  
I agree smaller miners should try to be aware of pool sizes and mine at pools with lower hashrates.  The best way to contribute toward miner decentralization is to mine yourself with physical hardware you control, and point it at a smaller pool.
@_date: 2016-06-05 22:58:08
How could we possibly know how much hash power is physically located inside China?  What percentage of miners pointed at BTCC, for example, are hashing from inside China vs how many are hashing from outside China?  A few videos of mining farms in China do not prove anything.
Foundries outside of China exist.  According to [this list]( there are multiple fabs capable of 14nm located in the United States.  So it's not like foundries would have to be newly constructed.  
@_date: 2016-06-13 11:48:04
The Inevitable
@_date: 2016-06-06 10:56:15
Well, I've been running a reachable node, with money on it, for five years and I've never been hacked.  So there's that. 
@_date: 2016-06-05 18:59:01
No centralized coin can compete with Bitcoin in any meaningful way.  The whole point of Bitcoin is that there is no central issuer who can arbitrarily create money and freeze funds.  Any coin created by a company will not be decentralized and will not have the benefits of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-06-05 12:03:34
Hashrate on explorer sites is not a real measurement, it's an estimate based on blocks found.  Blocks found in a short time frame depend on 'luck'.  Large moves in a 24 window are almost always just normal variance.  Look at the 4 days or one week chart to get a more realistic idea of mining pool distribution.
@_date: 2016-06-13 23:22:21
You can sell on an online exchange like Circle, Coinbase, Kraken, Bitstamp, Bitfinex, etc
@_date: 2016-06-26 11:51:31


As long as port 8333 is correctly forwarded on your router, that is all you should have to do.  It may take some time for other nodes to find and connect to your node, but it will happen.  Welcome to the network!
@_date: 2016-06-16 21:49:19
At minimum it has to break the previous high
@_date: 2016-06-05 22:01:34
Partially with the hardware pool miners are already using, that would then be pointed away from Antpool, F2pool, etc and at smaller pools.
Going forward new ASICs would have to be manufactured in plants outside of China.
@_date: 2016-06-06 11:13:41
They will care when the thing they are mining is worth drastically fewer dollars because it became centralized
@_date: 2016-06-05 12:12:29
Classic talk from San Jose 2013.  Worth another watch.
@_date: 2016-06-05 11:43:11


TLDR - When you deposit money in a bank you agree to let them freeze your money at their sole discretion
@_date: 2017-01-05 23:50:13
Yes, they never seem to learn from their mistakes.  In 2011, they thought Bitcoin was dead, and they were shocked, shocked when the April 2013 price rise happened.  They didn't seem to notice that after the 'bubble' popped the price stablized at 10X higher than it was before the 'bubble'.
So they proclaimed Bitcoin dead after the April 2013 price spike, and then they were shocked when the November 2013 price rise happened.  As soon as the 'bubble' popped, they again proclaimed Bitcoin dead and completely ignored the fact that the price was still much higher than when the bubble began.
So they again proclaimed Bitcoin dead and now they're shocked with the 2016 price recovery.  They absolutely refuse to consider the possibility that Bitcoin might actually be useful for something and practical individuals and businesses might be incrementally realizing that.
@_date: 2016-06-02 11:01:30
In other news, 97% of all online scams DO NOT involve Bitcoin
@_date: 2017-01-24 00:17:38
There is no provable consensus before the code is run.  That's what the code is for - to enable disparate peers who do not trust each other to reach provable consensus.  
The consensus does not change before the code is run.  Until the code is run the 'social consensus' is hypothetical, unprovable and meaningless.  It's just a piece of fiction that FUDsters use to hit each other with while making demands about what others 'should' do according to them.  They try to tell you what 'investors' want, what 'users' want, what 'economically significant nodes' want, etc.  It's all nonsense.  The Bitcoin consensus is a result of the mining and full node software that peers have chosen to run.  That's it.  There is no 'social consensus' in any provable context.
@_date: 2017-03-13 23:47:50
So you agree that Ethereum lacks stability, scarcity, or a demonstrated use case.  You agree Ethereum has no advantage over Bitcoin, but you still believe the price of Eth will appreciate more than the price of Bitcoin because there 'might' be increased utility, although none has been demonstrated.  Good luck with your strategy.  
@_date: 2016-06-17 17:36:39
Post completely ignores issue of latency and how it affects mining decentralization.  
@_date: 2017-08-27 00:33:41
There are pros and cons to everything.  But you don't have to choose one or the other, you can do some of each to the extent that you are comfortable.
Before Bitcoin, the only way to have 'digital' money was to keep it in a bank under the bank's control.  Bitcoin enabled digital money that the user can control himself.  You do have to take personal responsibility for your property, just as you would for a $20 bill or a wedding ring or a smart phone.  The upside is the bank cannot steal your money with the press of a button.
You can make backups of your Bitcoin wallet private keys, so that if your computer dies you can still access your bitcoin.  If you like you can have multiple copies of the backup in different physical locations in case of fire, flood, etc.  
If you are worried about personal attacks I recommend that you do not tell people you are holding a bitcoin fortune on your home PC, just as you would not tell them you had a fortune in gold bars in your basement.  But keeping digital dollars in a bank account does not prevent wealthy people from being kidnapped for ransom either.
@_date: 2016-06-13 22:38:56
Funny story, I did that in early April 2013.  Bitcoin $223, silver $27.  When MtGox caused the BTC crash on April 10th, I felt pretty smart.  Feels kind of dumb now though.
@_date: 2016-06-05 21:40:14
What you describe has counterparty risk all over the place.  There is no way to reliably tie a strawberry to its token on the blockchain.  You might as well just use 'a certifying entity' with a database.
@_date: 2017-01-01 16:16:11
Could you elaborate on what your chart is showing?  
[Bitnodes]( shows only ~5500 total reachable nodes but your chart shows ~11000 nodes, about 6000 of which are Segwit nodes.  How is your methodology different from Bitnodes?
@_date: 2017-01-19 23:47:56
I agree that toxicity is bad.  The reason you are being met with skepticism is because you are attempting to frame the issue in a way that implies that Segwit has already failed (it hasn't) and therefore Core needs to 'compromise' by giving in to the demands of a vocal minority (they don't) or else Bitcoin will be 'usurped' (it won't).
If you conclude Segwit will 'never' gain consensus, do you also conclude that bigger blocks in the style of BU will 'never' gain consensus?  You should, since there are far fewer BU blocks being signaled for than Segwit blocks.  Are you posting on rBTC asking BU supporters to 'compromise' by supporting Segwit, which has more support by both [mined blocks]( and [full nodes]( than BU does?  That would be the more logical path, since there are fewer BU miners and node operators to persuade to support the most popular scaling option, which is Segwit.
Even if Segwit 'never' activates, no one has to compromise. Bitcoin will keep right on working the same way it has been all this time.  The market price tripled in 2016 with 1MB blocks, the exact opposite of what critics of Bitcoin Core predicted.  50% of miners are apparently content with Bitcoin at 1MB blocks.  If anyone wants to change that, the right way to do so is to start mining yourself with hardware you physically control and can point at the pool of your choice to signal for your preferred scaling option.
@_date: 2016-06-13 22:13:34
You can purchase from someone using cash in person.  Localbitcoins.com is a popular way to find a seller.  Alternately you can try craigslist, your local bitcoin meetup, etc.
@_date: 2017-01-20 12:57:30
Why did BU stop at 15%?  What are miners waiting for?
@_date: 2017-01-19 23:25:51
No, the 95% is not necessarily required.  The current 95% activation threshold is a courtesy, a good faith attempt by developers to ensure that an overwhelming majority is in favor before the change.  There is nothing preventing a second softfork attempt with a 75% threshold, for example.
Pressuring the miners will accomplish nothing.  Mining yourself with hardware you physically control is the way to make your voice heard by participating in Bitcoin's decentralized consensus mechanism.
@_date: 2016-06-08 23:25:45
No.  They can only block Bitcoin traffic if they can identify it.  Bitcoin can already be sent encrypted over Tor and VPNs.  They can't block all Bitcoin traffic without also blocking all encrypted traffic.  In theory, Bitcoin traffic could also be sent over mesh networks, radio, or other out of band methods to avoid ISP censorship.
@_date: 2017-01-20 13:03:22
What evidence do you have that support for Segwit is done increasing but support for 'simply' growing the blocksize is not done increasing?  
@_date: 2017-01-24 00:44:38
Debate is the opposite of consensus.
'a kind of consensus' = consensus that cannot be proven.  If you can't prove it, how do you know that it exists?  You don't.  If you did, there would be no need for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-06-13 22:41:17
You can buy on Circle with a debit card for free.
@_date: 2017-01-04 01:01:35
Bitcoin doesn't know what color you are.  Bitcoin works the same way for everyone.  Just like math.
@_date: 2016-06-15 22:08:00
I believe BTCC (aka BTC China) offers a merchant service.  You may want to start there.
@_date: 2017-01-14 14:37:10
Not a bad article, but leaves out a lot of very important points.  The network effect does not explain why the first people in the network valued it.  
They valued it because it is useful, scarce, and independently mathematically verifiable without any central third party who can turn it off.  No one can arbitrarily create bitcoins out of nothing like central banks do with dollars.  No one can stop your bitcoin payment like Visa can with your credit card.  No one can prevent you from using bitcoin because you don't have the right paperwork or you live in a country they don't like.  These are the properties that give Bitcoin it's value.  These are the properties that kicked off the network effect.
@_date: 2017-08-17 12:01:10
Participation in the Bitcoin network is permissionless.  That means anyone can run a node and anyone can mine a block.  
All blocks are 'unknown' by default.  Back in the day some miners started 'signing' their blocks for fun, and it caught on.  In reality, anyone who finds a block can sign it as anything.  It doesn't prove that that block was or was not mined by anyone in particular.
The speed at which blocks are found varies.  Sometimes it takes only seconds since the last block, occasionally it takes hours.  The goal is to average on block every ten minutes.  If blocks are found quicker than that over the last 2016 block period (about two weeks), the difficulty will adjust upward to slow them down (on average).  If they are found more slowly than that, the difficulty will adjust downward to speed them up.
@_date: 2017-08-13 23:07:04
These are pretty good short video explainers:
We Use Coins explainer:
Guardian Explainer:
Sci Show Explainer:
@_date: 2016-06-19 12:10:02
"Are we going to do a hard fork to steal money from the attacker?  ...I talk to the DAO token holders everyday.  No matter what I think about hard forks or my philosophical beliefs, I don't care.  Because I want to help my friends out."  - Griff Green
So much for immutable, math based Ethereum smart contracts.
@_date: 2017-01-03 00:41:24
Ethereum cannot scale any more than Bitcoin without making the same centralization trade-offs.  
Why would anyone put trust in a network that doesn't have a finite supply, doesn't know its inflation schedule, doesn't know what its consensus mechanism is, and oh yeah, has consensus failures every couple of weeks?  Not to mention the very first and only smart contract of consequence broke itself in two weeks and panicked their entire userbase into violating their own blockchain's immutability.  Any currency / appcoin / ICO / whatever the kids are calling it is going to inherit the instability and uncertainty of the platform its built on.  Let alone the quality of any such appcoin is entirely unknown.
Smart contracts sound cool and all, but the tech is not ready for prime time and it is definitely not ready to operate with the reliability of Bitcoin.
[It's not about the technology.  It's about the money.](
@_date: 2017-08-12 21:43:06
The better question is why would I use an alt when I already have Bitcoin?  Alts are copying Bitcoin trying to fool people into thinking they are as valuable as Bitcoin, but they aren't for many reasons.
Bitcoin has the longest record of secure, reliable operation, far longer than any alt.
Bitcoin has the most mining power behind it, more than any alt.
Bitcoin has the most users, more than any alt.
Bitcoin has the most mature ecosystem of exchanges, merchants who accept it, businesses built around it, consumers who want to pay with it, developers who understand it.  Because it is the most common it is the most useful.  It can be sent and accepted with less friction than any alt.  Bitcoin is the most likely to still be around tomorrow, much more likely than any alt.
When Bitcoin was invented, there was a reason to invent it, it filled a need.  It was the first independently verifiable, decentrally issued digital asset.  It made it possible to move and hold your own money in digital form without a central third party, which was impossible before.
When alts copied Bitcoin, they served no purpose.  They don't solve the central third party problem because Bitcoin has already solved it.  
The point of a blockchain is to be secure (immutable) through decentralization.  The more participants in a blockchain network the more difficult it is to attack.  If 100 people are on the same blockchain, that blockchain is more secure than 10 blockchains with 10 people each.  It makes no sense to start a bunch of tiny blockchains, all of which are easier to attack than Bitcoin, all of which run code of largely untested quality, when we already have the very secure, battle tested Bitcoin blockchain that everyone is free to join and use.  
Bitcoin is more like the internet itself than a mere company like Facebook or Myspace.  Do you think a new internet will come along to replace 'the' Internet?  Why would I want to build or join a tiny version of the internet that didn't have many useful websites?  Even if I did join it, would it be more valuable than 'the' internet?  Would I build the website for my business on the tiny internet or the real internet? How many different tiny internets do you really want before it becomes cumbersome and counterproductive?
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:23:04
As I [explained in the other thread]( the difficulty adjusts up or down **by design**.  This is not 'getting worse' because there is nothing bad about Bitcoin difficulty oscillations in the first place.  Blocks have always temporarily 'slowed down' or 'sped up' with hash rate changes.  This has never damaged Bitcoin in the past and it won't now either.
Bcash is not some new type of threat, it's just another bullshit altcoin with SHA256 hashing.  It's not the first altcoin with SHA256 hashing, it's not the first altcoin to have more frequent blocks than Bitcoin, it's not the first altcoin to be temporarily more profitable to mine than Bitcoin.  Nothing is happening that hasn't happened before.  There is nothing to panic about.  
The Bitcoin difficulty just adjusted 4 percent downward, as it has many times in the past.  There is nothing damaging about it.  Bitcoin is not 'limping along a knife's edge'.  Bitcoin is not losing market capitalization.  There is no 'accelerating catastrophe'.  Bitcoin is working as designed.   
@_date: 2017-08-15 11:21:29
Agreed, but I think the more complete message should be: Learn why Bitcoin is different, interesting, and valuable.  Once you understand what the value proposition is, then you can decide how much it's worth to you.
@_date: 2017-01-01 16:06:24
Correct, but it is still interesting to see that almost the half of the connectable nodes are already enabled to take advantage of it.  It could be considered a rough proxy of the preference of the non-mining network participants.  
@_date: 2017-01-09 18:50:20
May be referring to the [Bank Secrecy Act]( of 1970, which makes your money guilty unless you can prove it innocent.
May also be referring to the Nixon Shock, where Nixon 'suspended, temporarily' dollar convertibility to gold, which really meant reneging on the promise to redeem dollars for gold forever and asserting that fiat, not gold, is 'real' money.  
The Romans also tried it two thousand years ago.  Didn't end well.
@_date: 2017-01-17 12:32:53
Complaining does not accomplish decentralization.  Mining does.
@_date: 2017-01-01 01:28:07
You don't 'need' to use Coinbase etc to hold you bitcoin or even to acquire it.  You can hold your bitcoin on your own computer running the Bitcoin Core software, or on you own phone using Bitcoin Wallet for Android.  When you do that, you control your own private keys and are not relying on any third party like Coinbase to hold your bitcoins for you.  The software Bitcoin is written in is open source so you don't have to put blind trust in it - you can read the code and see exactly how it works.
You can receive bitcoin directly from another person in payment for goods or services, or in exchange for cash.  You could also choose to mine bitcoins yourself.  Once you have bitcoins on a computer you control, there is no third party in the mix that can seize them or prevent you from sending them to anywhere you want.
@_date: 2017-08-22 01:16:26
Long answer?  Sigh.  
The difficulty has always oscillated. This has often been predicted to destroy Bitcoin, but has never done so.  Not only has it not destroyed Bitcoin, it has not damaged the operation of Bitcoin in any way.
For example, way back in 2011, before and during the first Bitcoin 'bubble', many critics predicted that mining difficulty would keep rising exponentially indefinitely, and therefore mining could not be profitable and all miners would shut off, destroying Bitcoin.  Then after the 'crash' in June 2011 happened, critics predicted that the dropping price of Bitcoin meant that all miners would shut off, slowing down blocks, destroying Bitcoin.  What actually happened is that some miners shut off, some kept mining, and some started mining (perhaps partly influenced by the lower difficulty).  Difficulty dropped as much as 18% in one adjustment, and nobody noticed, except the miners who were still mining and just became more profitable.  Bitcoin kept working exactly as the day before.  
Same doom was predicted approaching the first halving in 2012.  Same doom was predicted during and after the April 2013 'bubble' and 'crash'.  Same doom was predicted during and after the Nov 2013 'bubble' and 'crash'.  Same doom was predicted when MtGox collapsed.  Same doom was predicted approaching the second halving in 2016.  None of it ever happened.  
This time is not different.  Bcash changes nothing.  There is always some activity supposedly more profitable than mining that will supposedly cause all the miners to shut off and destroy Bitcoin, including 'just buy bitcoins instead!'.  There is always someone saying 'tragedy of the commons!'  There is always someone saying that if mining is profitable it is unfair, and if mining is unprofitable then it is irrational, and therefore Bitcoin is dead any day now and will be replaced by something else, where something else is always altcoin / private blockchain / POW change / POS / ICO / bullshit idea here. 
Blocks slowing down to 12 minutes per block is not going to destroy Bitcoin or cause a mass exodus to other chains with more transactions per second.  We know this because FRICKIN' LITECOIN has always has four times the transaction capacity of Bitcoin, since 2011, yet this mass user and miner exodus has never occurred.  Why?  Because transaction capacity per second is not now, nor has ever been, nor ever will be the value proposition of a blockchain network.  The value proposition of a blockchain network is independently verifiable money that can be used securely and reliably on the internet and cannot be stopped or seized by a central third party.  The Bitcoin network is by far the most secure, the Bitcoin network is by far the most reliable.  The Bitcoin network is by far the most difficult to attack.  The Bitcoin token is by far the most likely to be accepted and valued by a party that you want to transact with.  None of the imitator networks or tokens even come close.  
The bcash network is not as reliable as Bitcoin because it is mostly mined and therefore defacto controlled by a single entity.  Even if it were arguably decentrailized, it would still be a tiny imitation of the real Bitcoin network.  The Bitcoin network has been running reliably for 8 years and the bcash network has been running for two weeks.  Almost no one accepts bcash as payment and there is no incentive to do so.  If you want a fast but centralized payment system, we already have those.  If you want a secure, reliable decentralized payment system, Bitcoin is the best.  That's why Bitcoin has value.  All the others, including bcash, are pretenders to the throne, tiny pathetic copies of Bitcoin.  If the Litecoin network hasn't stolen Bitcoin's users and miners by now, bcash is not going to either.
Specifically, what happens when Bitcoin difficulty drops is that mining Bitcoin becomes more profitable than it was before.  The more the difficulty drops the more likely new miners are to start mining, and more likely existing miners are to acquire more hashpower.
Bcash is not a threat to Bitcoin because the bcash price is orders of magnitude more likely to drop significantly tomorrow that the Bitcoin price.  Bitcoin has real world use.  Bcash doesn't. Bitcoin is decentralized, bcash isn't.  
Miners do not necessarily mine the supposedly most profitably coin of the moment, because they don't really know how much those altcoins they mined are going to be worth tomorrow.  For all it's volitility, the Bitcoin price is like a rock compared to the tiny imitators. Even if miners do shut off they do not all shut off all at the same time.  There is not going to be any mass hashpower exodus from Bitcoin.  If some miners leave, the difficulty will drop and Bitcoin will continue working exactly as the day before.
@_date: 2017-01-04 00:58:50
If your only motivation was to make money you wouldn't have mined back then either.  A couple of Bitcoins a day was worth nothing at the time.
@_date: 2017-08-16 23:39:48
No, Bitcoin is not an equity, it's more like a commodity.  
He's talking about things like shares of the DAO, which are essentially equities.
@_date: 2017-01-11 13:16:41
Just checked my node - Bitcoin is still working fine.  
@_date: 2017-08-21 12:20:13
Keep running your Bitcoin Core full node (and upgrade it to 0.15 when it is released).
Withdraw any coins you have from accounts with companies that support the hard fork.
Explain to others that you don't think it is wise to abandon the proven, secure, reliable Bitcoin software written by a team with a nearly flawless track record to run unproven software of unknown quality written by individuals who do not seem to be aware of the attack vectors or the trade offs of the changes they are making.
@_date: 2016-06-16 21:59:51
No. But can use debit or credit cards at Circle and Coinbase
@_date: 2017-01-22 02:48:20
It is not difficult to buy bitcoin instantly.  It is difficult to get someone to trust the reversible digital dollars you want to pay them with.  
If you hand someone irreversible physical cash, they can send you bitcoin instantly.  You can find sellers on Localbitcoins, Mycelium local trader, your local bitcoin meetup, craigslist, etc.
@_date: 2017-01-17 12:46:20
I don't think it's normal for it to use near 16GB of RAM.  On my node it generally uses between 1 and 2GB.
@_date: 2017-08-17 11:32:56
Well you'd have to ask him exactly what he means.  But [Bitcoin is definitely a protocol]( that nodes use to communicate about value.  And Eth is definitely an asset that people hold (with very few actually using it for anything).  
I think 'asset' was a poor word choice on his part.  I took it him to mean securities or equities issued by central third parties (companies or banks), shares in companies that are regulated by the SEC. Representing an ownership position or a creditor relationship.  The DAO shares, private blockchain tokens and ICOs are basically the same as equities or securities and it follows that they would be regulated in the same manner.
Bitcoin is more like a commodity like gold.  It is not a share of a company. It's not an IOU for something else.  There is no counterparty who needs to be kept honest.  The way Bitcoin works is independently verifiable by anyone because of the open source, permissionless blockchain network.  
@_date: 2017-08-25 13:20:29
It is not the first time in history of anything, it is not disruptive and it does not degrade Bitcoin's usefulness.  The difficulty adjusts, it has always done so, that's what it's for.  All miners have always had the ability to shut off their rigs at any time for any reason.  Miners stop and start mining all the time.  What miners are doing while their rigs are not mining Bitcoin is irrelevant.  
Every time there is a price crash the concern trolls are out saying miners will shut off, blocks will 'slow down', Bitcoin will be useless, users will switch to your favorite altcoin, etc.  This is the exact same story except now the supposed reason miners will supposedly shut off is to mine an altcoin.  
The real issue is the assertion that the altcoin is supposedly equal to Bitcoin except with more transactions per second and therefore better, and users will therefore switch to it.  This is false and very unlikely to actually happen.  There have always been altcoins with more transaction capacity than Bitcoin.  The altcoin can never be Bitcoin.  It does not magically acquire the history of secure and reliable operation of the Bitcoin network because some percentage of miners may temporarily switch to it.  The altcoin network has no history of secure and reliable operation.  The code of the altcoin is written by developers who do not have the track record of keeping a 60 billion dollar decentralized peer to peer money network working securely even though it is under attack 24/7.  The code the altcoin developers are running straight up copied from Bitcoin developers.  There is no reason to trust our money to the bcash network.  Users are not going to switch to bcash en mass. Because users are not going to switch, the price has a ceiling and therefore the amount of miners who will switch has a ceiling.  
Do you remember ixcoin?  Its an altcoin ripoff of Bitcoin created  in 2011 that has SHA256 hashing too, but no one is worried about miners leaving to mine that, because there are no ixcoin users and no developers so the coin and network are worthless.  Bcash is worthless too, the market is just temporarily confused about it because they stole the name Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-06-05 22:09:09
The Bitcoin Core software is about as secure as anything gets, it's survived seven years of attacks with real money at stake.  It's not hard to run a node.  You basically just download Bitcoin to a computer, run it, and forward port 8333 on your router.  Then leave your computer up and running.  That's it.
@_date: 2017-08-26 23:41:07
The bitcoins you have on Coinbase are not FDIC insured.  Only your dollar balance with them is.  The FDIC is not insuring your bitcoins.  Even if they were insuring your bitcoins, you would have to trust them to actually keep their promise to make you whole.  They could break their promise.  This is called counterparty risk.
The reason you should hold your own bitcoins in a wallet that you control on your own computer and not on an exchange is that the exchange has the private keys and therefore is actually in control of your money, just like a bank controls the digital dollars in your bank account.  The only way you can access the money is with with the permission of the exchange / bank.  
For example, if Coinbase (or your bank) were asked to 'freeze' you bitcoins (or your dollars) because someone decided that your last name indicated that you were at a higher risk of being a terrorist, they could do so.  They could deny you the ability to access your bitcoins because they control your wallet.
The whole point of Bitcoin is to control your own digital money, as opposed to letting a bank or company control it.  That's why it's better to withdraw the coins from Coinbase once you've purchased them and store them on a computer to which you control the private keys.  That way your money is under your own control and no one else's.  You don't have to rely on anyone's promise - you are holding the money yourself.
@_date: 2017-01-23 00:13:01
What proof do you have that pools 'mostly' operate their own hardware?  The two largest pools on that chart are public pools that anyone can point an ASIC at.  
@_date: 2017-08-22 17:29:08
But Bitcoin's difficulty is not wildly oscillating at this time, your scenario is thusfar hypothetical.  Bcash is not a new type of variable, it's just another way of saying that Bitcoin miners will stop mining Bitcoin en masse for some reason that is supposedly more rational or more profitable than mining Bitcoin.  But it isn't, because mining bcash doesn't get you bitcoins, it only gets you bcash, which is inferior to Bitcoin in terms of reliability, security, and decentralization, the only measures that matter.  Even in terms of dollar value of the moment, bcash tokens are much harder to unload than Bitcoin tokens.  There are no businesses who accept them, few exchanges trading them, and fewer individuals willing to buy them.  
For the first two years of Litecoin, both BTC and LTC were mined with GPUs.  Litecoin always had more frequent blocks than Bitcoin, but Bitcoin users and miners did not en masse switch to Litecoin, because Litecoin is fundamentally just a less secure copy of Bitcoin, which is exactly what bcash is.  There have even been SHA256 altcoins before and probably still are.  Yet Bitcoin miners are mining Bitcoin, not the imitators, because the utility of the Bitcoin token is far superior to the utility of the imitator token, and the Bitcoin network is far more secure and reliable than the imitator network.
If you think the only purpose of mining is to make dollars, you are missing the point of Bitcoin.  The purpose of mining is to acquire bitcoins, not dollars, while simultaneously keeping the money network you want to use reliable and secure against attack, through decentralization.  
Just because a given imitator coin might be more profitable in terms of dollars to mine at any given moment in time does not guarantee (or even necessarily indicate) that it will still be more profitable the next moment in time.  Peercoin, Namecoin, Primecoin and Dogecoin were supposedly worth a lot of money at one time, where are they now?  You're worried about volatility and uncertainty in Bitcoin?  Every imitator coin is much more volatile and uncertain.  It makes no sense to expect users to leave Bitcoin for the imitators over uncertainty in Bitcoin.
What happens when some Bitcoin miners switch to bcash is that mining Bitcoin becomes more profitable and mining bcash becomes less profitable.  Plus the bcash miners are now holding bcash, which market price is about 28% less than it was two days ago.  They are taking more risk mining bcash for a less certain reward.  It doesn't matter what the price of bcash is when you mine it, only when you sell.  What will the bcash price be 3 days from now?  Nobody knows, all we know is it is more volatile than Bitcoin.  So we cannot pretend that mining bitcoin and mining bcash is an apples to apples comparison.  It isn't.  bcash is an imitator coin that is trying to steal Bitcoin's name and reputation.  That doesn't make it Bitcoin and it doesn't make mining it as attractive as mining Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2017-01-19 13:13:02
Segwit increases the blocksize.
Is X 'technically possible' is not the right question at all.  The question is what will increase transaction capacity while keeping the network as stable and decentralized as possible.  Just because something is technically possible does not make it a good idea.  
There is no deadlock.  The process of reaching a decentralized consensus will always take longer than decrees by a centralized authority.  This is by design so that a single party cannot change the network arbitrarily.
'New crytpos' face the same laws of physics as Bitcoin.  They cannot magically scale to millions of decentralized permissionless transactions per second without trade-offs either.
@_date: 2017-08-14 23:11:23
Everyone saying it's not apples to apples is missing the point.  Of course it not apples to apples.  It's still a milestone, a huge one considering all of the criticism Bitcoin has gotten all the way up.   Now it's worth 70 billion dollars.  The critics have been so entirely, demonstrably, embarrassingly wrong that it seems like poor manners to point it out.
The reason the Paypal company is valued is because it (might) let people send money 'over the internet' (where that means you use the internet to talk to a bank who talks to other banks and moves your money between bank accounts that exist only on the banks' computers... unless they don't like you or you live in the wrong country, in which case they don't let you create an account or they freeze your funds).
Bitcoin actually lets any person in any country receive, hold or send any amount of money over the internet on his own computer without permission from any central party, and no one has the power to freeze or seize your money.
So yeah, apples and oranges.  The true value of Bitcoin is far higher than any mere money transfer company / bank like Paypal.
@_date: 2017-08-24 12:05:45
Because there is / was nothing certain about it.  The fundamental mistake observers make is taking the situation of the moment, today's price, difficulty, etc, along with the trend of the moment (price dropping! Difficulty rising!) and extrapolating that out to forever.  In reality the situation is fluid and dynamic, with many individual actors making different choices with different motivations that affect the outcome.
Bitcoin mining is a dynamic system.  The point of the difficulty adjustment is to compensate for changes in the amount of mining power.  So a 'certain loss' today could change to a gain tomorrow if others stop mining and the difficulty drops.  A 'certain loss' today could turn into a gain tomorrow when the price rises.
So in a way it's like a game of chicken.  It's June 2011.  You and I are both mining when the price of Bitcoin is at the all time high of $32, but then over the next few months it drops to $5.  We are both now just breaking even (mining enough to cover the cost of electricity, but no more).  I give up mining but you don't.  The difficulty drops because I stop mining, so you just went from only break even to profitable.  A month or two later when the bitcoin price doubles, your profit doubles.  Fast forward to today when all those bitcoins you mined are worth a fortune.  So there was never a 'certain loss'.  There were only people who didn't understand the true value of Bitcoin.
Bitcoin is valuable because it allows any person in any country to control his own independently verifiable money on the internet, without permission from any third party custodian.  Bitcoin is absolutely huge.  It was always huge, but people just didn't know it, and most people still don't.  If you understand why Bitcoin is valuable, and you understand that decentralized permissionless mining is what makes the system exist, you keep mining to participate in that decentralization because you know the long term outcome will be profitable even if the short term prospects look uncertain.
@_date: 2016-06-17 17:25:50
Sorry I don't know, I don't follow ETH very closely.  
My general understanding is that a malicious entity was able to cause the smart contract / DAO to act in an unintended way to give himself money.  Now 'the community' is considering a hard fork to make the money unspendable, violating the supposedly math-based, supposedly 'immutable', supposedly sacred functionality of the smart contracts operating on the Etherium blockchain.
@_date: 2017-01-04 13:17:30
Legal ownership without possession is no comfort when your coins are stolen because you did not have sole control of the private keys.  That's the point the parent is making.  
@_date: 2017-08-15 22:45:47
Author seems to be confusing Bitcoin with ICOs and altcoins.  Which is somewhat understandable, considering the recent 'blockchain'  and 'crypto' hype.  Altcoins muddy the waters and weaken the story, because his criticism of them is correct - if any moron can create an altcoin or an ICO out of nothing, then there is no real scarcity.  If a good is not scarce how can it be valuable?  It can't.
Of course he is missing that Bitcoin is not equal to ICOs and altcoins.  There's Bitcoin, and then there are the Bitcoin copycats.  Bitcoin is scarce.  Bitcoin copycats are not.  Bitcoin is not created out of nothing - it takes proof of work, mathematical proof of calculations that work the same for every participant without partiality.  Bitcoin is an independently verifiable digital commodity that allows a person to control his own money on the internet.  Its value is based on that utility, and on the fact that, in comparison to the copycats, the Bitcoin network has the most users and by far the longest, most reliable history of successful operation.  Bitcoin is not a share of a company and is nothing like an equity.  
ICOs are like equities, created out of nothing by companies, and putting them 'on the blockchain' does not make them magically valuable.  ICOs are essentially penny stocks.
Although it's true that a government could pass a law outlawing Bitcoin, they could also make a law outlawing gold.  In fact FDR did that very thing in 1933.  So if that did not disqualify gold from being a safe haven, it doesn't disqualify Bitcoin either.  Like gold, Bitcoin is independently verifiable regardless of government approval.  Unlike gold, bitcoin can be stored as information and sent over the internet.
@_date: 2017-01-26 23:40:49
How exactly does mining 1MB blocks the same way we've been doing for 8 years 'run Bitcoin into the ground'?  Bitcoin is working fine.  The sky is not falling.
@_date: 2017-08-22 11:55:48
Bitcoin has been scary every single day since January 3rd 2009.  
Bitcoin imitator networks do and will continue to have more scary volatility and uncertainty than Bitcoin, not less.  
The best way to deal with Segwit2x is to ask people why you would abandon the Bitcoin Core code that has kept the network running securely and reliably for 8 years for code of unproven reliability written by one guy who all the Core developers disagree with?  
Why would I trust my money to this new code?  Will it have unintentional consensus failures like BU and Classic and Ethereum have because their developers didn't understand the code they were messing with?  How certain are you that the Segwit2x dev understands all the attack vectors against block processing time, especially big blocks?  If it does manage not to fall over, how decentralized will the Segwit2x network be compared to Bitcoin when all nodes and miners have to store huge blocks?  
When the governments come to all the signatories of the NYA and ask them to implement blacklists and whitelists, will they cooperate or refuse?  Do you really want to set the precedent of letting these guys decide what happens to Bitcoin because they have decided that they know what's best, even though the majority of devs who have actually been writing all the code all these years disagree?
@_date: 2017-01-06 02:28:02
This is nothing.  We haven't even broken the all time high yet.  You should have been here when it went from $13 to $266.
@_date: 2017-01-04 13:06:49
Agreed.  Bitcoin is not interesting because the price is rising.  The price is rising because Bitcoin is interesting.
@_date: 2017-01-22 20:22:52
The only serious way to contribute to the decentralization of mining is to mine yourself with hardware you physically control and help others understand why it is important for them to do the same thing.  
No one can 'control' the state of Bitcoin, unless you let them.
@_date: 2016-06-16 23:34:35


TechCrunch just called Bitcoin real money!
@_date: 2016-06-12 13:13:14
I don't think Draper has every said the price he paid for those Bitcoins.  Just because the market price was $650 at the time doesn't mean he paid $650.  He likely paid significantly less than that.  I remember he seemed surprised that he won so many coins.
@_date: 2017-01-01 15:48:16
Do you understand why it's important to control your own digital money as opposed to storing it in a bank?  If not you should learn more about Bitcoin before you acquire any.  
Nobody knows what the price is going to do.  But if you understand why Bitcoin is important you can make an informed decision about what you think it's worth.
@_date: 2017-01-14 14:05:56
The same way as now, supply and demand.  In such a world you would be paid in bitcoin, and goods and services would be priced in bitcoin.  You wouldn't be measuring bitcoins with anything, you would be measuring other goods and services (and wages) by how much bitcoin they were worth to you.  If someone tried to charge you 0.1 btc for a hamburger, you would know that was too expensive because yesterday you bought a hamburger for 0.01 btc.  Prices could still fluctuate based on supply and demand, but they could no be easily manipulated by governments arbitrarily devaluing the currency like they do today.
If everyone was using it, the volatility that we see now would likely be much lower so prices would not fluctuate much more than they do now with dollars.
@_date: 2017-01-01 23:03:10
Web wallets and exchanges, yes.  That is why it is advisable to keep your coins in a wallet that exists only on a PC or phone that you control.  You still have to keep your computer secure.  If you get a virus / ransomware / keylogger etc, it could steal your Bitcoins.  The difference is you are not relying on the security of a website run by a company that is holding your coins for you.  
Personally I use Bitcoin Core because it is the first and probably the most used / viewed / reviewed / audited / tested Bitcoin software there is.  As far as I know there has never been an exploit on Bitcoin Core that allowed anyone to gain control of a PC and steal Bitcoins.  But again, you have to be responsible for keeping your computer secure from compromise in general.  Also be aware that if you use Bitcoin Core, it will download the entire Blockchain which is over 100GB.  If you prefer a lighter client, Multibit is a popular one.  
For phones Mycelium is popular, Breadwallet is popular.  I like Bitcoin Wallet for Android.  As far as I know those are all open source and do not have a history of being hacked.  
@_date: 2017-08-15 17:19:56
Bitcoin is not based on 'blockchain technologies'.  'Blockchain technologies' are based on Bitcoin.  All of the other blockchains are copies of Bitcoin, except less secure because there are far fewer participants in their tiny, less decentralized blockchains than their are on the Bitcoin blockchain.  
Coinbase is basically just a bank.  They store your bitcoin on the Bitcoin blockchain, in wallets they (not you) directly control.  They store your dollars in bank accounts that they and their underlying banks (not you) control.  They cannot use a blockchain to store the dollar balances because dollars cannot live on a blockchain, they can only live in the computers of banks that are sanctioned by the Federal Reserve.  Any 'dollar' on a blockchain would not be a 'real' dollar, it would only be an IOU for a dollar in a bank account.
@_date: 2017-01-23 18:42:08
The 'social consensus' is the result of the code people have chosen to run.  Therefore the consensus is 1MB blocks and 21 million coins.
Anyone trying to separate 'social consensus' from the code people are actually running is trying to muddy the waters because they don't like the actual consensus / code people have chosen to run.
@_date: 2017-08-15 11:37:32
Reminds me of this classic video.  Came out in March 2014 when Bitcoin was at about $600.
@_date: 2017-08-25 13:30:23
Bitcoin mining works in every country.  Bitcoin can also be exchanged in person for paper money, precious metals, or goods and services.  A person gets Bitcoin the same ways they would otherwise acquire money.
@_date: 2017-01-17 01:03:27
The best way to combat mining centralization is to mine yourself with hardware you physically control.  The best way to fight a mining ASIC hardware monopoly is to manufacture a mining ASIC yourself.
EDIT:  I don't think bashing Bitmain is productive.  At least they are offering ASICs for sale to the public.  This is a good thing.  If they weren't doing it, regular people would be without options.  I wish Bitfury and others would do the same thing.
@_date: 2017-08-12 20:38:17
There is no official bitcoin price.  The market price on a given exchange is not 'made up' by any one party.  It works the same way as a stock exchange or a commodities exchange.  There are many sellers who are asking different prices for their bitcoins, and there are many buyers who are bidding to buy the bitcoins.  The price you see on each exchange is the last price that someone paid.  
Since there are different buyers and sellers on different exchanges, the last price someone paid on a given exchange differs, but most exchanges are usually in the same ballpark.  If you see an outlier, it is probably because that exchange has low liquidity, or some other external factor (like being in a different country with a less mature banking infrastructure that makes it difficult to deposit or withdraw fiat to buy / sell the bitcoin).
Also some prices posted are averages over some time period (like 24 hours); the average can differ quite a bit from the price of the moment.
@_date: 2017-08-27 01:03:15
If you read carefully you see they do not say the digital currency is *FDIC* insured.  FDIC is a government thing that insures dollar deposits up to $250,000.  Coinbase has a separate private insurance policy for the bitcoin.  
They claim the insurance company will 'pay out' - that means they will give you the dollar value of the bitcoins you were holding - probably NOT actual bitcoins.
This is important for the following reason:  say Coinbase was hacked in September and you lost 10 bitcoins.  The market price of bitcoin at the time was $5000.  Coinbase's insurance company would pay you $50,000, eventually.
But what if takes you 7 days to get the payout and during that time the price of a bitcoin goes up to $6000?  You get the $50,000, but you can now only buy back 8.33 bitcoins with that money.  Coinbase's insurance company is not going to give you your 10 bitcoins.  Probably.  You would have to ask Coinbase for all of the actual details, but AFAIK that is how it works.
Also, again - you have to trust at least two separate parties to get your money back: Coinbase and Coinbase's unknown insurance company.  Plus, notice that if only your individual account is hacked because someone cracked your password or hacked your phone, you are not insured against that.  You don't get any payout.  So you are actually not insured against the most likely attack vector, the one that requires you to be responsible with your own stuff.
Neither the FDIC nor the private insurance would protect you in my original example above, if the Coinbase company is pressured to 'freeze' your account for some supposedly good reason.
That said, sure, if you are going to leave your money under someone else's control, some insurance is better than none.
@_date: 2017-08-14 23:51:48
Bitcoins are not worthless unless you cash out.  Bitcoin is digital money that be held on your own computer, and sent or received over the internet from any person or business in any country to any person or business in any country, in any amount, without needing permission from a central third party.  
Dollars can't do that.  Digital dollars can only be moved with the cooperation and permission of banks, because the only computers digital dollars are allowed to exist on are the banks' computers.  The ability to control your own digital money disappears if you cash out to dollars.
Not to mention that a big part of a bitcoin's value is that it cannot be arbitrarily printed out of nothing the way dollars can.  That inflation protection of your wealth disappears if you cash out.
@_date: 2017-01-14 15:27:04
A government, bank or private company issued cryptocurrency can never have the benefits of Bitcoin.  
Bitcoin is valuable because anyone in any country can use it without permission from any central third party (company / bank / government).   It is valuable because it is independently mathematically verifiable by any user, without needing the stamp of approval from some central authority.  It is valuable because no one can devalue it by arbitrarily create more bitcoins out of nothing like central banks can with government money.
'Blockchain Technology' does not automatically inherit the benefits of Bitcoin if it is not permissionless, open and decentralized without controls and kill switches.  If a central third party can stop your transaction, then every single time you use it, you can't be certain your transaction will go through.  The whole point of a decentralized blockchain proof of work network is that any transaction that follows the mathematical rules is processed without regard to arbitrary decisions made by biased humans.
As for Monero / zcash / trend coin of the moment, if it's better than Bitcoin why isn't the market using it already?  There is nothing preventing strong anonymity features from being implemented in Bitcoin.  There is work being done on Tumblebit, Schnor sigs, MAST, Mimblewimble, etc.  IMO it is more likely that any privacy innovation will be adopted into Bitcoin than the entire market switching to a new coin.
@_date: 2017-08-25 22:09:42
There is nothing levelheaded about abandoning the code written by the Core developers who have kept the network running securely and reliably for the last 8 years in favor of code of unknown stability that the former group thinks is bad for the network.  Bitpay is risking their customers' money on this untested code that is not Bitcoin and has been rejected by the developers who know Bitcoin best.
More hashpower doing something stupid doesn't make it not stupid.  Bitpay is magnifying the stupidity by going along with it and they are evidently trying to sidestep responsibility for their choice.  "We couldn't help it!  The miners made us do it".  Newsflash if you reject the fork coins the miners will have less incentive to mine it.
What happened to all the 'economic majority' nonsense talk?  Wasn't the story that the miners have to follow the so called 'economically important' nodes like fiat exchanges that are more equal than my node because they deal with dollars or something?  But now it seems that the 'economically important' Bitpay nodes are slaves to the miners' alleged decision about untested code they may run in the future even though they aren't running it now?  Remember a few months ago when all those miners were 'signalling' for BU, but then there was a bug in the BU code that crashed BU nodes but none of the miners' nodes crashed because they weren't actually running BU? Because they know that Bitcoin Core nodes are stable and other implementations are a big question mark?
There is nothing levelheaded about causing more market confusion by supporting an unnecessary network split that has been rejected by the Bitcoin developers.  Remember for the last two years when the BU supporters wanted bigger blocks, and they all said the price would go to the moon if we had them?  Now BCH exists with bigger blocks, but the BCH price is a small fraction of the Bitcoin Core price with 1MB blocks and Segwit.  The Bitcoin Core price is record high, showing which team the market really believes in.  Why do the hardfork supporters believe they need to cause more confusion?  Why do the hardfork supporters believe the market trusts them above the team that has written the Bitcoin code all this time, invented Segwit, and has made the design decisions that got Bitcoin this far?  
Why don't they name it like the altcoin it is, 2XCash or something and just add support for that to you list of altcoins?  If it's better than Bitcoin the users should switch right?  Why do they have to co-opt the Bitcoin and Segwit names?  Because they need the perceived value of the name Bitcoin even though the reality is the people who manage the Bitcoin code don't support it, and the people who created Segwit don't support it.
@_date: 2016-11-12 15:27:22
There is no one who can decide to change Bitcoin's mining algorithm.  Anyone who changes their own mining algorithm is by definition not in agreement with consensus and will fork themselves off the Bitcoin network.
There is no method for coming to consensus about changing the mining algorithm.  SHA256 POW mining IS Bitcoin's consensus mechanism.  Changing the POW is creating an altcoin.  There is no 'we' who can decide to fork off existing miners without network consensus.
Changing the POW is not likely to result in more decentralization anyway.  A different POW would not magically guarantee profitability for every miner.  Because of this, the only people who would mine the new POW are the ones who have cheap electricity, are willing to take a risk on buying hardware, and/or believe that keeping Bitcoin decentralized is important. In other words, the same people who are mining now in the same geographic locations they are mining in.
As always, **the only way to prevent mining centralization is for as many people as possible to choose to mine ourselves with hardware that we physically control.**  This reality would not change with a new mining algorithm.  
@_date: 2017-01-01 17:28:34
95% is just a number the Core devs picked to make sure that before he change happens it will be as non-controversial as possible.  There is nothing technical preventing future soft or hard forks with a lower activation threshold.  The idea of a high threshold is more of an attempt at reaching wide consensus before changes are made to reduce potential disruption for users and market participants.  Technically,  you only need 51% for the longest chain to follow the fork.  But a contentious hard fork would probably be bad for everyone.
That said if Bitcoin never changed from what it is now, it would continue to be useful for storing, sending and receiving independently verifiable digital money by any person on the internet without a central third party, just like it has been for the last 8 years.  It would still be a payment network and a store of value.
@_date: 2017-01-04 03:03:40
Like the trailer, is there a release date?
@_date: 2016-06-26 11:59:00
That's not the way markets work.  A miner cannot 'dictate the price' of a bitcoin.  All a miner can do is 'ask' a price.  He cannot force people to pay it.  Buyers will only bid the price they are willing to pay.  The price depends on both supply and demand, that is, demand from buyers.  If there is low demand, it does not matter how much a miner is asking.
Mining does give Bitcoin it's value.  The reason mining gives bitcoin it's value is because of the decentralized, permissionless proof of work mechanism that allows anyone to participate in issuance and transaction processing in an independently verifiable manner.
@_date: 2016-12-29 01:12:57
Then why haven't they attacked?
S9's are not obsolete.  They are profitable today, even if you have average US residential electricity prices.  Especially now with the recent Bitcoin price rise.
@_date: 2017-08-31 11:29:09
There is a 'crypto' bubble.  But not a Bitcoin bubble.
@_date: 2017-08-15 11:15:51
That's what critics have been saying since 2011
@_date: 2017-08-25 12:43:27
There is nothing to get better because there is no problem.  The difficulty will adjust as it always has. 
Supposed 'competition' with altcoins makes no difference.  All Bitcoin miners have always had the ability to stop mining Bitcoin at any moment for any reason.  The difficulty is absolutely designed for this.  The reason a miner stops or starts mining is irrelevant.  What the miner is doing while he is not mining Bitcoin is irrelevant.
Your unspoken assertion is that transaction capacity is the most important thing, and that users will leave Bitcoin if blocks temporarily slow down for a supposedly completing chain with supposedly faster transactions.  Both those assertions are incorrect.  Transaction capacity is not the differentiator that makes Bitcoin better than the imitators.  Security and reliability are the differentiators.  The Bitcoin network is by far the most secure and reliable.  That's why transactors trust their money to the Bitcoin network and not the imitators.  That's why the Bitcoin price is $4000+ and the bcash price is $650.  That's why the Litecoin price is $50 even though Litecoin has always had four times the transaction capacity of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-18 01:40:34
Not the code on my node.  Not [the code being run by the nodes on the Bitcoin network](
@_date: 2016-06-05 21:48:31
Even if it were theoretically decentralized, it would have no advantage over the more decentralized Bitcoin.  It would have orders of magnitude less hashpower than Bitcoin so it would be much less secure against attack.  The quality of the code would be unproven, unlike Bitcoin which has been working in the wild, unhacked for seven years.  The market is unlikely to value the coin very much for these reasons.  There would be no more reason to buy into this than there would be any other alt coin.
@_date: 2016-06-03 11:25:55
Mining is not concentrated in a few buildings.  Yes there are some large farms, but the largest mining pools are public and made up of many smaller miners from all over the world who point their miners at the pools.
Difficulty has dropped as much as 18% at one time in the past.  There was no crisis.  Difficulty took 17 days to adjust instead of 14.  It was a non-event.
@_date: 2016-11-27 23:28:07
If you are running a full node you are a full peer in the Bitcoin network - you have the entire blockchain and you don't need to trust anyone else about validity of transactions.  Also you control your own private keys in your Bitcoin wallet, as opposed to trusting a website to hold them for you.
If you like you can install the Bitcoin Core software, which is the full node software:  
Be aware that the blockchain is large, about 100GB.  After you start the software it will download the entire blockchain.  This will take some hours to verify the blocks.  Once it completes you are peer on the Bitcoin network. If you like, you can contribute to the network by forwarding tcp port 8333 on your router to your PC so that your node is connectable by other nodes on the network who need to download new blocks.
Welcome to Bitcoin!
@_date: 2017-08-27 00:05:53
No.  There are (and always have been and always will be) centralization pressures that we must fight, but as of today the mining power is still decentralized enough to keep Bitcoin censorship resistant.  Bitcoin mining ASICs are currently only manufactured by one company but they do sell them to the public so anyone can still be a Bitcoin miner if they want to.  They could also buy and use ASICs second had if they don't want to buy directly from the manufacturer.
The only way to keep mining as decentralized as possible is for as many individuals and businesses as possible to mine ourselves with hardware that we physically control.  
@_date: 2016-11-23 00:36:05
Satoshi cannot decide anything for Bitcoin because Bitcoin does not work on appeal to authority.  It works on the consensus of the software that nodes and miners are running.  Satoshi has no power to force node operators or miners to run the software he favors.  We all decide for ourselves what software to run.
@_date: 2016-12-14 23:14:48
There is no reason to believe that Segwit adoption is 'topped'.  Signalling only started one month ago and there are eleven months to go.  40% of connectable nodes are already running Segwit capable software.  
What we can do about it is start mining and point our ASICs at a pool that already supports Segwit, like Slush or BTCC.
@_date: 2016-12-10 13:32:06
By government independent I mean they work without regard to whatever jurisdiction a person lives in and without regard to how a government manages or mismanages it's own currency.  
Bitcoin does not need exchanges, websites or large mining operations.  Individuals can transact with each other using bitcoin directly in exchange for goods and services.  If large mining operations were shut down, difficulty would drop and mining would be done by individuals at home just like it was in the beginning.
Governments can outlaw anything they want, that doesn't make the ban effective.  They have outlawed gold in the past.  They have outlawed drugs, but drugs are still widely available.  Food, gold and Bitcoin work the same way regardless of what group of men claim authority in a given geographical area.  People and banks don't hold gold because gold is impossible to ban.  They hold it because it has value independent of any government.  Bitcoin works the same way.
@_date: 2017-08-27 00:09:18
You don't need an insane farm of super PCs, but you do need a purpose built Bitcoin mining ASIC.  Unless you have 'free' electricity you probably want to get an Antminer S9, they cost about $1200 last time I looked.  You can get them second hand on ebay or from the manufacturer.
You don't need enough hash power to mine an entire Bitcoin.  You can join a mining pool with other miners, like the Slush pool, and get paid fractions of bitcoins every time anyone in the pool finds a block.  That's what most amateur miners do.
@_date: 2016-12-09 23:35:32
That's not the right question.  Bitcoin is neither better nor worse than gold.  They are both useful for different purposes.  Gold is government independent commodity money that works without the internet, but you can't send it over the internet.  Bitcoin is government independent money that you can send over the internet, but is very difficult to use without the internet.  Both gold and Bitcoin may be useful hedges against fiat or equity market collapse.
@_date: 2016-12-29 22:54:08
That sounds pretty great actually.  That's exactly what a BTM experience should be IMO.
@_date: 2016-12-23 20:35:22
Debates about Bitcoin are never going to be over.  Bitcoin has been controversial since day one.  If you are waiting for controversy to stop you are going to be waiting a very long time.
The network consensus is the same as it always has been: 1MB blocks.  No one is panicking except trolls and those whose understanding of the issues is shaped by trolls.  Bitcoin continues to function as a decentralized digital asset that can be sent and received by any person in any country without permission from any central authority.  Bitcoin's resistance to change pushed by vocal minorities is a strength, not a weakness.  Demand for this most reliable of digital assets is apparently rising.
@_date: 2016-12-17 17:13:40
Bitcoin is not a middle man.  Bitcoin is not a company or a product released by a company.  Bitcoin is made up of a network of peers who all follow the same protocol that describes digital money.  Anyone who follows the rules of the protocol can transact with anyone else who follows the rules of the protocol.  The point of Bitcoin is that there is no central middleman company (like a bank) that holds your money or can stop your transaction.  Instead of a central authority, Bitcoin works based on independently verifiable mathematics and cryptography.
It is better than cash because you can send it over the internet.  It is better than a bank account because money in a bank account can be seized or frozen.  Money in a bank account depends on the promise of the bank to return it to you.  No one can freeze your Bitcoin or prevent you from accessing it.  
Bitcoin is money under your complete control, like cash, but that you can send or accept over the internet without needing help (or permission) from any company or bank.  
@_date: 2016-11-26 15:17:20
I'm hungry but I'm extremely against eating food.  That means it's impossible to actually eat food.  Can you help me reddit?  
@_date: 2017-01-18 13:07:42
Tails is self contained, you do not need to load Linux first.  You boot right off the Tails USB or CD.  Tails includes the Electrum Bitcoin wallet.
When it's time to get paid, you present your Bitcoin address to the payer and they send the bitcoin.  So far you are as anonymous as possible.  
If you want to stay private you probably don't want to use an electronic exchange because that involves bank accounts and paperwork.  So you want to sell your bitcoin for cash in person.  Buyers can be met via Localbitcoins, meetups, craigslist, etc.  
Being 'Completely anonymous' is difficult and is just as much about your behavior outside the scope of Bitcoin than your actual use of Bitcoin.  Do not mix transactions that reveal your identity with transactions you wish to remain anonymous.  For example, do not use the same bitcoin wallet to buy something from Dell.com as you use to accept anonymous payments.  Do not send transactions between the two wallets.  Do not leak trackable info to the person you sell Bitcoins to (like your personal email address).  Etc.
@_date: 2017-01-08 16:12:29
Segwit will likely get activated eventually.  It has a one year period to reach 95% of blocks.  At seven weeks in, it has about 25% of blocks.  There are ten months to go in the signaling period, so it is not over by a long shot.  Anyone claiming that Segwit will 'never' activate is trying to call the game in the first inning in an attempt to make their own, less popular proposal appear more attractive.
The alternative to Segwit, Bitcoin Unlimited, is mining even fewer blocks than Segwit.  So if the Segwit solution cannot reach mining consensus, it is even less likely that the BU proposal will reach consensus.
On the non-mining front, [over 45% of connectable Bitcoin nodes are already running software that supports Segwit](  Less than 10% of connectable nodes are running BU.  
By every measure, Segwit has a better chance of reaching consensus in the short to medium term than any alternative proposal.
If Segwit does not reach consensus, the default is still 1MB blocks and the Bitcoin network continues working as it is today for the foreseeable future.  So anyone who truly wants more transactions on chain should seriously consider supporting Segwit.
@_date: 2016-12-25 00:17:47
Who is buying and for what reason is unknowable and ultimately irrelevant.  The market price is the same no matter who is buying.  
The term 'bubble' is meaningless, unless the person using it can tell you in advance what the peak is going to be, exactly when it is going to 'pop', and how low it is going to go.  
@_date: 2016-11-29 00:20:10
Yes and no.  
In theory the three pool owners could collude and attempt a 51% attack.  But in real life, the hash power of the two largest pools is not all 'controlled' by one person.  They are public pools made up in part by many smaller individual miners and mining businesses.  If the pool owners chose to collude and attack, it would be obvious, and many of the pool miners who were members of those pools would leave those pools and point their hash power at pools not participating in the attack, or P2pool, or solo mine.  
Massive amounts of hash power would immediately drain from any pool that attempted a 51% attack.  Ghash.io was all but obliterated when they refused to back down from merely having 50% hash power, and they didn't even attempt to attack.
Even if pool miners failed to leave and the 51% attack succeeded, the price of Bitcoin would crash to near zero because no one needs a centralized Bitcoin.  The colluding pools would have wiped out their income stream.
All that said, it would still be best for everyone to never allow any of these things to happen.  That's why it is crucial to the security and future of Bitcoin that as many independent individuals and small business choose to mine ourselves with hardware that we physically control.  
@_date: 2016-12-31 14:31:04
Bitcoin block reward halving:  Difficulty does not drastically drop, miners do not shut off, transactions do not stop, the opposite of what critics loudly predicted would happen.  Proving critics still wrong about Bitcoin mining, again.
The price more than doubling since Mike Hearn, and Coinbase, and corporate 'blockchain not Bitcoin' types claimed that Bitcoin was somehow over and/or eclipsed by some supposed 'competitor', as the same time as the competitor's price tanked and member banks leave R3.  Proving critics still wrong about reasons for Bitcoin's value, again.
Bitcoin Unlimited launching and failing to capture any significant percentage of nodes, even less than Classic and XT before it.  Proving that the majority of participants in the Bitcoin network are not actually in favor of a hard fork with competing implementations, despite loud claims by a vocal minority to the contrary.
So pretty much a typical year in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-24 15:23:47
You are not worrying, you are concern trolling.  No one has ever said Bitcoin was riskless, why are you arguing with a strawman?  Fee and hashrate fluctuation are perfectly normal as you must know since I've explained it to you multiple times now.  
Bitcoin's price has always been too high according to the critics, all the way up from $1 to $4000.  Bitcoin's price today is not 'rather high' when considering its actual value which allows a person to control his own money on the internet without permission from a central third party.  Critics and the press didn't understand this when the price was $1, and they still don't understand it today, there is no surprise there.
The opinions of the press about 'bubbles' are completely irrelevant.    
There is no more risk of a downward price movement today than there always has been every single day of Bitcoin's history.  
It is you who are trying to panic 'unsophisticated' Bitcoin users with your sky is falling 'accelerating catastrophe' nonsense.  Bitcoin is not damaged by difficulty adjustments.  Hashrate fluctuations are completely normal.  People have always bought and sold for many reasons.  
Bitcoin is working fine.  It has not been damaged, there is nothing 'violent' about a difficulty adjustment.  Difficulty adjustments are a perfectly normal part of the system and they do not damage Bitcoin in any way whatsoever.
@_date: 2016-12-04 14:14:05
Probably an Antminer S7, depending on the best price you can find.  It's not as power efficient as the S9, but it might be cheaper per Gigahash.  Most miners that pay for electricity will want an S9 because of the power efficiency, but with free power you don't care about that.
You can run numbers using a mining calculator like one of these:
You probably want to change the difficulty increment to 5% or so to match 2016 trends.  Don't forget that actual profitability will depend on future difficulty and future Bitcoin price, which no one can know.
@_date: 2016-12-08 00:05:27
You should definitely prove your superior economic acumen by developing a decentralized alternative to Bitcoin that the market values at $2000 a coin.
Until then, I'll stick with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-11-27 13:59:18
The entity that keeps a private blockchain private is the centrally controlling entity.  If you can't join without permission, the entity that grants permission is in control and the network is not decentralized.
That entity can deny or revoke permission from anyone who disagrees with him.  Obviously he will never allow anyone who disagrees with him to join in the first place.  Therefore everything that happens on that blockchain is only what the permission granting entity allows.  There is no actual consensus between peers who don't trust each other like there is with the Bitcoin blockchain.  Any 'consensus' reached by a private blockchain is only the consensus that the trusted, partial, permission granting entity allows to be reached.  


Not true.  The permission granting entity can attack the network at any time by disconnecting any peers who dare to disagree with him.  Even if there is Proof of Work mining that ostensibly works the same for all participants, the permission granting entity can deny permission to mine to any 'peer' he disagrees with until only miners he agrees with are left.  In Bitcoin parlance, he can perform a 51% attack on the network at will, except worse:   he can perform a 100% attack on the network at will, and the other 'peers' have no chance of stopping him because he is more equal than they are.
Decentralized means that all participants in the network are peers.  That means no one has special powers that allow him to control others.  Anyone who has special powers to decide who is or is not allowed to make entries in the ledger is not a peer and can attack the other participants.  The genius of Bitcoin is that there is no one who has this power.  
Decentralization protects the peers from abuse of power by those who believe they have the right to arbitrarily change the rules in their own favor.  No one can arbitrarily change the rules of the Bitcoin network without peer consensus.  Participants in private blockchains can have rule changes forced upon them by the permission granting entity.  In practice, the permission granting entity has control of the blockchain and any assets on it.  
The whole point of a blockchain is that the participants can trust the mathematics to be impartial, as opposed to the authority of a central controlling entity.  It is impossible for mathematics to be partial.  History has shown that central authorities often abuse their power.  This is the problem that Bitcoin (including the blockchain and proof of work mining) was invented to solve.  
@_date: 2016-11-29 03:03:59
Interesting article that interviews Venezuelan miners on the ground.
@_date: 2017-08-23 11:39:15
I'm not sure where you are getting this 40% statistic.  40% of mining power has not left Bitcoin:
Have you ever mined?  The network hashpower measurement is not a real number.  It is extrapolated from how quickly blocks are found in a given timeframe.  The 24 hour hashrate measurements are wildly inaccurate because of variance.  That's why difficulty only adjusts every 2016 blocks.  Every three days somebody posts 'why did x pool suddenly jump (or drop) in hashpower?'  It's because they are looking at the 24 chart, which highly susceptible to completely normal block time variance.  Always use the one week chart.


I understand what you are saying, and I'm telling you this is the exact same argument that guy from the Cato Institute smugly made in 2014 when he said that all the miners would join the Ghash.io pool for short term profitability and that ghash would swallow all others because tragedy of the commons and Bitcoin would become centralized and die.  Didn't happen.  So the question you should ask yourself is why was he wrong?
Mining has always been an unstable equilibrium.  As I pointed out earlier, there have been SHA256 altcoins since 2011 that miners could switch between if they wanted to.  If there is 0 friction in switching, it goes both ways.  Any miners who temporarily mine bcash can switch right back to Bitcoin just as easily.  
If you've ever mined, you know that difficulty fluctuates all the time, it's perfectly normal.  It's not a problem at all.  If some miners point their rigs at bcash, that just means that my rigs mining Bitcoin just became more profitable.  If 40% of the miners really switched to bcash, guess what would happen?  Bcash difficulty would go up and mining bcash would become less profitable, while mining Bitcoin would become more profitable.  So according to your theory of miner behavior, miners would switch back to Bitcoin.  
Right now in Bitcoin there is a very negative meme that miners are evil enemies of users.  This is non-productive and maybe even backward.  Miners ARE users.  Miners are users who have chosen to fully participate in the Bitcoin system, as opposed to just expecting Bitcoin to be available for their use.  Miners are following the same consensus rules that we all agree to when we use the system.    It is because some users choose to mine that it's even possible to have a decentralized peer to peer payment system at all.  There are many ways to make money, but mining is the only one that makes the Bitcoin network function.  Mining is the only one that results in decentralized digital money.  This is the choice miners make when they decide to mine.  
Sure, some might be in it strictly for the dollars.  But even they are long term incentivized to mine Bitcoin, and not imitators, since Bitcoin has the highest code quality, longest history of stable operation, most secure, most reliable, etc, and that is why transactors and holders value it and that is why it's price is highest and most stable when compared to all imitators.  If you and I understand this, it is likely that a miner, who is so fascinated by Bitcoin that he has invested capital in mining equipment, knows it too.
@_date: 2016-12-21 23:25:05
Nice!  For the next level start mining with an ASIC and point it at a pool that supports signalling for Segwit, like Slush or BTCC.
@_date: 2017-01-01 14:26:41
It is legal to sell property you own.  According to the IRS, Bitcoin is property and yes you have to pay taxes on the capital gains.
If you are doing it on a large scale ('as a business'), FINCEN says you are a 'money transmitter' and are subject to regulations which include collecting KYC/AML info from your customers.  If you are selling your personal property as an individual, the regulations do not apply to you.  The line between individual and 'as a business' is unclear.  IANAL.
@_date: 2016-11-26 00:14:01
Your problem is not Bitcoin, it is the policies of banks and companies.  Bitcoin does not know or care what country you are from.  
Meet someone in person via localbitcoins.com, a Bitcoin meetup, mycelium local trader, your favorite social network, etc.  Pay them in cash, receive bitcoin to a wallet you control that does not require an account (like Bitcoin Wallet for Android).  Presto, you now have bitcoin.  No papers required.
@_date: 2016-11-25 23:27:50
I posted the official EY press release:
@_date: 2016-12-09 00:44:48
So your argument is that because Bitcoin is not today perfectly decentralized that we should give up and let it become completely centralized?  I disagree.  Bitcoin is more decentralized than any digital money system that could have existed before, and those who want to be able to use such a money system need to do everything possible to keep it as decentralized as it can be.  The more centralized it becomes the less reliable it becomes and that is bad for everyone.
We need more, smaller miners, more nodes, and more ways to reduce bandwidth, blockchain storage and block processing time, to keep the bar for participation as low as possible.  Another Paypal owned by big banks is not interesting.  Permissionless, decentralized Bitcoin is interesting.  All of the benefits of Bitcoin come from node and mining decentralization and it is in the interests of all users, miners and investors to protect that.
@_date: 2016-12-24 20:47:14
It's not too hard, you just download the Bitcoin software appropriate for your operating system and install it.  
Instructions here:
Once you start the software, it will download and verify the entire blockchain which will take some hours.  If you get 8 or less connections to other nodes, check that port 8333 is open on your firewall so other nodes can find and connect to your node.
See also the full node guide:
Welcome to the network
@_date: 2016-12-25 00:14:11
I wouldn't worry too much about what Banks think.  When a bitcoin was trading for 10 dollars did the banks see it reaching hundreds?  Of course not.  
@_date: 2016-12-02 02:14:53
'Blockchain' companies are not Bitcoin related.
From the article: "But while the firm may have "blockchain" in its name, those close to the fund suggested the firm is unlikely to invest in enterprise or so-called alternative blockchain projects.
Wo indicated that the fund will have a special focus on projects building on or otherwise supporting the bitcoin blockchain."
@_date: 2016-11-26 15:57:54
You should always verify that the Bitcoin software you are download matches the release SHA256 hash and has been signed by the developers.
@_date: 2016-11-01 13:16:50
The Bitcoin network has grown so large that unfortunately a regular PC cannot be used for mining.
If you want to mine, you need a Bitcoin ASIC.  At the moment the best ASICs are made by the company Bitmain and can be purchased from the manufacturer here: 
Mining may or may not be profitable depending on your price of electricity, future difficulty, and future price of Bitcoin.  You should learn as much as possible about Bitcoin and mining before you consider doing it.  
You can use the mining calculator [like this one]( to get an idea of how profitable you may or may not be based on certain assumptions about the future. You should change the 'difficulty increment' on the calculator to 5% to approximate the average difficulty in 2016.
Some people choose to mine whether or not it is profitable to help keep the Bitcoin network decentralized.  Bitcoin is all about giving a person full control over their own digital money and decentralization though mining is how that control is achieved and maintained.
Welcome to Bitcoin
@_date: 2016-11-21 18:49:34
Bitcoin has already changed the world when it was created and became the first scarce digital asset.  This made it possible for individuals and businesses to control their own wealth as information that can be sent and verified over the internet without a bank, which was impossible before Bitcoin.  Whether or not a given individual realizes the significance of this does not change it.  
There is no deadline that Bitcoin has to meet or else 'fail'.  It is not a company that can go out of business, it is not a product that can be killed by shareholders if they don't think it is catching on in an arbitrary time period.  Critics didn't understand this when Bitcoin was trading for $5 and they still don't understand it now.
Bitcoin is uniquely useful as digital money and it is only a matter of time before 'average' people realize it.  Hopefully they will realize it before they actually 'need' it, because when they finally need it it will be much more costly to obtain.
@_date: 2016-12-26 17:01:21
Really?  I've only seen it on Eligius, ckpool and Kano.  
Antpool, F2Pool, Slush, and BTCC all make you sign up and sign in unless I'm just not finding the instructions.
@_date: 2016-11-25 23:49:50
The market has set the block size by [choosing to run the Bitcoin Core client on the vast majority of nodes]( and choosing not to run the alternative clients that allow larger block sizes.  
Bitcoin Core devs do not have the ability to force node operators or miners to run their software.  Node operators and miners choose to run Bitcoin Core of their own free will.  
@_date: 2016-12-29 00:15:43
It doesn't matter if there is only one client as long as the client is open source and nodes and miners running that client can do so without permission and can therefore be run by anyone who wants to.  That ensures that miners and nodes can be run by disparate individuals and decentralization is maintained.
If someone really wants to run an alternate client, alternate clients are available and they are free to do so.  However, if an alternate clients breaks consensus with the rest of the network, he will fork himself.
As we have seen with Ethereum, so called client decentralization is not necessarily a good thing.
@_date: 2016-12-29 00:09:10
It will always be a cause for concern, but not a cause for panic.  Most mining pools are made up in part by individual miners who 'point' their hash power at the pool of their choice.  Individual miners who control their own hardware can move their own hash power away from one pool and at a another at any time.
Ideally, as many of us as possible should be mining with hardware we physically control and can point to a pool of our choice, or solo mine if necessary.  That way, if any pool gets too big and tries to throw it's weight around, we can remove our hashpower from that pool and point it at another pool.  
It is very important that individuals and businesses that use Bitcoin continue to mine with hardware they physically control to reduce the effectiveness of any future mining cartels that might be tempted to form.
@_date: 2016-12-18 14:58:09
According to the IRS mined bitcoins are taxed as ordinary income based on the dollar value (market price) that they were on the day you mined them.
If you sell bitcoins within a year of mining them, short term capital gains tax would apply to any gains.  If you sell bitcoins more than a year after mining them, long term capital gains tax would apply to any gains.  You could also deduct any losses.  
@_date: 2016-12-14 23:18:23
Why 'another month'?  There are eleven months to go in the adoption window.  There is no rush.
@_date: 2016-11-07 23:55:38
Every few days there is a post like this.  24h hash rate is not an actual measurement of the hardware that a pool has.  It is just an estimation based on blocks found in that time frame.  If a pool gets 'lucky' in a 24 hour period, the chart makes it look like they are bigger than they are.
The [one week chart]( is a much better indicator of actual hash rate percentage since the variance is smoothed out over a longer time period.
@_date: 2017-08-12 12:30:53
Nothing is stopping a dishonest person from not sending you money.  If you transact at a distance, someone will always have to send the money first.  
If you want to avoid this, you can buy bitcoin by meeting a seller in person and paying with cash.  And/or you can buy in smallish amounts so you only have a small amount at risk in any single transaction.
@_date: 2017-01-11 03:28:29
No, this aired in January 2012.
@_date: 2016-12-08 00:33:27


I remember when the hype subsided after the 2011 Bitcoin 'bubble' up to $30.  Anyone who bases their opinion of Bitcoin on the hype deserves what they get.
@_date: 2016-11-29 00:50:36
It's not just storage and bandwidth either, it's also the maximum time it could take for nodes to process large blocks.  
@_date: 2016-12-26 23:58:51
Actually 'at this rate' of 25% of the network in six weeks since signalling began, segwit would activate in another 18 weeks.  
@_date: 2016-11-23 20:41:02
There is no central planning because the devs do not decide what software nodes and miners run. 
Anyone could run XT, Classic, or BU if they wanted to.  Core devs cannot 'block' anyone from doing so.  Yet an [overwhelming majority]( of node operators have chosen to run Core.  
@_date: 2016-12-28 13:05:11
Transactions per day is not the most important chart for Bitcoin.  The chart showing [mining decentralization]( is.  
Decentralization, independently mathematically provable verification, and freedom to transact without permission is what differentiates Bitcoin from legacy digital money systems.  
@_date: 2017-08-18 00:55:17
There is nothing 'locked in' about btc1
@_date: 2016-12-25 16:39:21
No one knows what the price will be at any future point.  Anyone who claims to know is a charlatan.
That said - $10,000 may sound 'huge', but the only reason it sounds huge to you is because you are [mentally anchoring]( on the current price.  In 2012, when the Bitcoin market price was $5, $100 seemed 'huge'.  $100 was 20 times higher than the current price, more than 3 times higher than the all time high at the time.  Yet a year later, the Bitcoin price surpassed $100.  But today, $100 sounds very low, because for the last three years people have been used to thinking of Bitcoin being worth mid to high hundreds.
When you think about the potential future price of Bitcoin you have to think about how useful it is (for storing, sending and receiving digital money without permission from a central third party) and how ever more useful it becomes as more and more people and businesses realize this.  As they realize the usefulness of Bitcoin and they demand some, the price must rise because supply the fixed.
Could the ability to control your own money on the internet be worth more than a money transfer company with the limitations of banks, like Paypal?  The Paypal market cap is currently 47 Billion.  All the Bitcoin that exists is worth only 14 Billion at the current price of $900ish.  Even if the price per Bitcoin tripled, that would only be the market valuing Bitcoin as much as the Paypal company.  Granted it's not exactly an apples to apples comparison.  But broadly speaking, there are those who believe Bitcoin is potentially much more valuable than a mere money transfer company.  Bitcoin creates a network of money that anyone in any country can participate in without permission, and the global market for such a thing is potentially huge.
@_date: 2016-12-03 00:14:50
Anyone can create a paper currency 'backed by' anything.  The question is, will the backer actually redeem the paper for the thing the currency is 'backed' by?
The US dollar was backed by gold, right up until the moment that it wasn't.  'Backing' is just a promise that can be broken.  
@_date: 2016-12-24 19:27:17
Currently you will need 120GB just for Bitcoin and the blockchain today.  Of course you will need space for the OS, and room for the blockchain to grow at about 1GB per week (at current 1MB max block size).  So realistically you will need 200GB or so if you want to leave room for a year's worth of blocks.
@_date: 2016-12-29 00:02:58
It's not as good as it could be, but it's still decentralized enough to prevent anyone arbitrarily freezing your money by refusing to process your transaction. The pool distribution is actually better right now than it has been at some points in the past.
Ideally, as many people and businesses as possible should be mining with their own equipment that they physically control and can point at the mining pool of their choice.  The chart doesn't really show how many individual miners there are.  It only shows the pools that individual miners are pointed at at a given moment in time.  Still, the more pools the individual miners have to choose from, the better.
@_date: 2016-12-13 00:06:07
This is my favorite type of Bitcoin use case: things that fiat can't do.  Like be sent to anyone on the internet in any country without a bank in the middle.  As these type of applications continue to be found, they introduce Bitcoin to wider and more varied audiences who learn about the practicalities of decentralized digital money.  This is how I see Bitcoin growing- many small wins over time like this one.
@_date: 2016-12-25 14:31:06
Agreed, I didn't mean the price is exactly the same on every exchange.  I meant that from the perspective of the holder of bitcoin, it doesn't really matter who is buying.  The price is rising no matter who is buying.  
@_date: 2016-12-08 13:12:13
Because the more resources (bandwidth, disk space, and processing power) it takes to mine and run a full node, the fewer people who can do it.
If there are only a few big companies doing it, those companies can be 'regulated', forced to refuse to process transactions that are not from whitelisted addresses.  
It is much more difficult to put pressure on thousands of private hobbyist individuals running nodes and mining over any consumer internet connection.
@_date: 2016-12-24 17:03:22
You mean the market price has only been higher for that long.  'Expensive' is a value judgement you are making that the market may not share.  
I remember when I sold a bunch at $16 because it was an 18 month high and I assumed a drop would come.  I was wrong.  The price has never been that low again.
@_date: 2016-12-07 12:37:16
Everyone is already subject to surveillance.  Tor is still the best option for keeping the content of your communications private.
@_date: 2016-12-07 13:08:07
That's what they used to say about BitInstant, MtGox and Silk Road.  But they have all been gone for years, and the Bitcoin price is multiples higher than it was when those companies went out of business.
@_date: 2016-12-07 18:05:51
Bullshit title.  No company can pull the plug on Bitcoin. Company X's problems are not Bitcoin's problems.  
What Circle has just done is burn the bridge between themselves and the thing that used to differentiate them from every other financial startup.  Now they are just a UI wrapped around a bank account no different than Venmo, Square, ApplePay or whoever.
According to this article Bitcoin is niche but 'blockchain' isn't?  Never mind that no one is using non-Bitcoin blockchains for commerce in real life.  Never mind that 'blockchain' will never allow a person to be in full control of his own money, because AML/KYC will make sure that you have to prove who you are before you are allowed to use it for only the things the company in control of the private blockchain will allow you to use it for.
@_date: 2016-12-27 23:54:56
This episode is a classic and a must view for anyone interested in Bitcoin.  For the 2012 perspective, if nothing else.  
"One Bitcoin is worth $3.  It used to be $33 dollars.  People were hoarding."
@_date: 2016-12-10 22:48:14
A full node alone does not count as a 'vote' for Segwit activation.  Only mined blocks that signal for Segwit count.  The best way to hasten Segwit adoption would be to get a Bitcoin ASIC and mine with it at a pool that supports Segwit (like Slush).
That said, miners may be looking at the percentage of Segwit enabled nodes on the network to get an idea of what non-mining Bitcoiners are in support of.  For example, if only 5% of the nodes are even Segwit enabled, maybe a miner doesn't think it's worth bothering.  But if a majority of nodes are Segwit enabled, miners may decide to support increasing network capacity by signaling Segwit so the majority of nodes can take advantage of it.
Either way, I'm running a connectable Segwit node because I want myself and others to be able to take advantage of Segwit features.  Running the node informally signals to other humans that this user is in favor or Segwit adoption, but it does not effect the actual network 'vote'.
@_date: 2016-11-08 00:35:04
Big adoption = increased demand
Increased demand + fixed supply = price increase
@_date: 2016-12-24 23:21:50
Bitwage is a company that offers this service.  You direct deposit a portion of you check into a bank account controlled by Bitwage.  Bitwage then sends you the equivalent in Bitcoins to an address you specify.
@_date: 2016-12-07 23:53:24
What does 'sending bitcoins over iMessage' actually mean?  Does it mean they send a link for the receiver to open a Circle account to access the bitcoin?
@_date: 2016-11-29 03:00:06
If he started mining in 2012 with GPUs, as article states, it is well within the realm of possibility that he could have made enough money to invest in a couple hundred S9s at 2016 prices.
Today's price of $730 is a 146X rise from the $5 days of spring 2012. 
@_date: 2017-01-27 00:09:55
Bitcoin's resistance to changes pushed for by vocal minorities is absolutely a strength, not a weakness.
No one has the power to push through Segwit or BU-style size increases if the majority does not yet support them, and in the meantime, Bitcoin continues working the exact same way it always has.  There has never been any sort of emergency that requires action immediately.
That said, about [half of connectable full nodes are already running Segwit capable software]( so it seems that a consensus is on its way to emerging.
@_date: 2016-12-09 00:21:54
I made no argument.  What you or I assert that node operators 'want' is irrelevant.  Only what they are actually doing matters, and what they are doing is running software that limits the size of blocks they will accept to 1MB.
The majority of node operators could choose to run software that supports 4MB or 8MB blocks today, but have chosen not to.  They could have run larger blocks with Classic or XT a year ago before Segwit existed.  They chose not to.  There is no argument.  There is only the Bitcoin network consensus of 1MB blocks.
The vast majority of node operators have chosen a maximum block size of 1MB despite your assertions about what they can handle.  Maybe you should think about why that is.  
@_date: 2017-08-26 12:01:00
Yes the difficulty will adjust, what are you talking about?
This is not a new situation.  There are only two states for hashpower, mining Bitcoin or not mining Bitcoin.  Not mining Bitcoin is not mining Bitcoin no matter what the hashpower is doing while it is not mining Bitcoin. The difficulty adjusts for this, all the time every time.  
It has everything to do with the supposed viability of the bcash network and currency, the supposed selling point of which is TPS.  The only way mining bcash can continue to be profitable and attractive to mine is if the bcash network attracts users and investors based on its TPS.  But since TPS is not the value proposition of a decentralized blockchain network, bcash will not gain more users and investors, will not remain more profitable to mine than Bitcoin, and will not have a greater hashrate long term.
Mining is no more stable or unstable than it always has been.  
@_date: 2016-11-08 00:51:08
10 people that need $10 + 100 people that need $1 = demand $200
@_date: 2016-11-12 16:00:57
Fiat money only has value by decree and can be made worthless by that same decree.
This is why Bitcoin, money that gets its value from the market and is not controlled by a central issuer, is so interesting and important.
@_date: 2016-12-07 23:48:21
There is no reason to keep it if I cannot use it to buy and sell Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-12-07 12:43:22
No company is required to transact with or exchange Bitcoin.  Peers can use Bitcoin to transact with each other directly in exchange for cash, goods or services.  
@_date: 2016-12-21 00:37:16
Meet someone in person, pay in cash, no KYC required.  As long as you wait for 1 confirmation, it is not possible to get ripped off.  The premium you might pay is for not having to prove yourself innocent with paperwork.
@_date: 2016-12-10 15:05:09
No one can block you or I from running whatever code we want.
Sooner or later, the majority would get sick of it and that 5% would be ignored by the rest of the network.  Meaning the 95% would start accepting blocks that the 5% considered invalid, and the 5% would fork themselves off the network to their own detriment.
To reduce the likelyhood of potential market disruption, 'we' should all be mining and running nodes with hardware we physically control.  The more of us who do this, the harder it is for any single entity to throw its weight around.  
@_date: 2016-12-14 13:12:24
Why are redditors so dramatic and impatient?
In real life production environments with uptime concerns, customer support issues, and money at stake, things need to be tested before they are deployed.  Mining pools have non-bitcoin software that needs to be verified to work with any new version.  
Also, despite what some people are claiming, there is no rush.  Bitcoin is not going to turn into a pumpkin at midnight.  40% of the connectable nodes have already upgraded to a Segwit capable version.  25% of blocks are already signalling for Segwit.  Give it a minute.  
@_date: 2016-12-14 03:47:47
In the US you pay a monthly insurance bill.  And you still pay the doctor each time you go.  And you often get third bill in the mail for whatever else the insurance didn't cover.
People in countries with universal health care still pay, it's just hidden in the form of higher taxes.
@_date: 2016-12-17 21:29:12
It is true that mining decentralization is crucial to the usefulness and security of Bitcoin.  To combat mining centralization, start mining yourself with hardware you physically control and encourage others to do the same.  That is the only real way to fight centralization forces in mining.  This is true no matter what the POW algorithm is, it is true no matter what cryptocurrency you are talking about. 
@_date: 2016-12-07 17:49:28
Tor is absolutely for privacy.  With Tor, your ISP doesn't know what you are reading, what you are saying, or to whom. 
Exit node operators can only see the content of your traffic if you don't encrypt it with SSL/TLS or the like.  Exit node operators cannot see the originating IP address of your traffic.  They can only see the IP of the middle relay.  Exit node operators do not know who the traffic belongs to unless you carelessly send identifying information in the clear.
@_date: 2016-12-08 18:28:55
@_date: 2016-12-29 00:22:06
I wouldn't say entirely, as long as ASICs are available for purchase by the public, members of the public still have a chance to participate in Bitcoin's Proof of Work consensus mechanism.  Buyers of ASICs can point them at any pool they wish (or solo mine).
Ideally, multiple ASIC manufacturers would be competing with each other offering ASICs to the public.  That said, I believe at least one company besides Bitmain, Bitfury, makes their own ASICs.  Possibly Avalon still sells them as well. 
Even if they don't, the mining algorithm is publicly known.  Anyone with the will and the cash can build their own ASICs if it comes to that.
@_date: 2016-12-30 14:11:19
Individual miners can move between pools at any time.  It is not strictly necessary for more pools to signal for Segwit for the number of Segwit blocks to rise.
That said it seems Bitminter has recently started signalling for Segwit.
@_date: 2016-11-27 14:12:21
Bitcoin works the same way for everyone, just like cash, food, and math.
People who don't like that try to paint others with inflammatory labels like 'extremist'.
@_date: 2016-12-30 15:25:32
It is not 'highly suggestive'.  It's a baseless assertion presented with no evidence whatsoever.  A person or business can move coins for any reason, including for the lulz.  Even if the holder of the coins were planning to sell, which we can't possibly know, using the inflammatory term 'dumping' is a manipulative attempt to induce panic.  'Oh noes, if early adopters are dumping maybe I should dump too!'  
Even if the mover is moving the coins to an exchange, which we don't know, maybe he is setting his ask at $2000 per coin because he thinks the price is about to jump.  Or maybe it's not to an exchange, and he's purchasing hardware or investing in a business.  We don't know.  There is nothing 'highly suggestive' of 'dumping'.
@_date: 2016-11-11 12:46:16
Bitcoin is useful for allowing any person on the planet to own and control his own digital money and send it over the internet without any third party.  No system created by a company or bank can ever do this.  That's why Bitcoin is valuable and will continue to be valuable.


There is no evidence whatsoever for your statements.  Bitcoin is easier to obtain and spend than ever.  Even it it wasn't, that would not change the fact that it is useful for people who choose to obtain it and use it.
Bitcoin transactions per day:
@_date: 2016-12-25 00:44:04
There is no deadline.  Bitcoin is not a product issued by a company that can be discontinued if it doesn't reach some arbitrary market share in an arbitrary time frame.  Bitcoin doesn't need to be used by average joe or his bank to survive and grow in value, it only needs to be useful for sending value over the internet without a central third party (which it is).  People, businesses and investors who want to use it can use it.  Average joe isn't likely to 'get' Bitcoin until he sees a real need for it for himself personally, and unfortunately for him that probably won't be until the devaluation of his local currency has already happened and/or the price of Bitcoin is much higher than it is now.  
@_date: 2016-12-29 15:59:59
No one 'decides' the price of a bitcoin.  The price is arrived at by what the market participants are willing to pay for it.  This is the same way that the prices of commodities like oil, wheat, and gold are arrived at.  Since there are many market participants always buying and selling, the 'last' price that someone paid fluctuates.  The price of a commodity rises when there is more demand for that commodity than available supply.  The total eventual supply of bitcoin is fixed at 21 million, but the demand is apparently rising.  That is why the price is rising.
If you are asking why market participants believe that a bitcoin is valuable at all - it is because Bitcoin is the first digital asset, an independently verifiable 'thing' that can be used as money by peers on the internet without having to go through a central controlling party (like a bank).  
Bitcoin can be used by any person in any country to send or receive money to any other person in any other country, over the internet, without any company in the middle, and no one can deny anyone else permission use it. 
@_date: 2016-12-26 16:21:12
There are some good replies already but I'll try to hit some points:


No, there are no 'official' Bitcoin servers.  There is no official Bitcoin company, and there is no one who has the power to make as much money as they want.  You don't need permission from anyone to use Bitcoin or participate in Bitcoin generation.
Key to the idea of Bitcoin is that everyone has to play by the same rules - the rules of math.  No one is special because math works the same way for everyone.  That means no one can cheat because everyone else can do the math and see that the cheater's math is wrong.
Bitcoins can be generated by anyone who is following the mathematical rules as codified in the free and open source Bitcoin software.  Since the software is open source, everyone can see exactly how the rules work.  Nothing is secret.  Anyone can decide if they want to participate or not, but they cannot force others to change the rules.  The rules can only change if there is consensus among participants to change them.
'Miners' are simply people who are following the rules to try to generate bitcoins.  They are not a special 'official' group.  Anyone, including you, can be a miner without permission from anyone else.  


They are verified by everyone who is running the Bitcoin software checking that the math is correct, using public key cryptography and the SHA256 hash function.  All participants in the network can verify that the miner who found the new block of Bitcoins did it by following the rules.  
The Bitcoin source code and full node software is here:
@_date: 2016-12-26 15:30:56
That video is great!  Relatively technically detailed but easy to watch and accessible.  Gonna put that on my list to recommend.
@_date: 2016-11-26 01:08:21
This question is addressed in the Segwit FAQ:
[Segregated witness still sounds complicated. Why not simply raise the maximum block size?](
See also some potential problems with maliciously crafted larger blocks taking a long time for nodes to process:
@_date: 2016-12-14 00:19:57
Bitpay takes only 1%, which is much less than credit cards will take.  
@_date: 2016-11-24 23:15:56


Yes, it is really true.  Any person can run whatever software they want, including clients that allow  a greater than 1MB block size.  Core devs cannot stop them.  There is no amount of 'momentum' that can force me or anyone else to run or not run any particular software.
Even though Segwit has only been out for a few days, there are already 5 times more Segwit capable nodes than BU nodes.  That means 5 times more node operators chose of their own free will to upgrade to the latest version of Bitcoin Core and not to run alternate versions that allow larger block sizes.  Bitcoin Core did not 'centrally plan' what software I run.  I and others could choose to run BU if we wanted to.  But we didn't, we chose to run Bitcoin Core with Segwit.
Even if there were no alternate clients, and Core devs decided to raise the block size to 20MB or whatever, they could not force node operators to upgrade to the new 20MB block version.  All we would have to do is nothing, and our nodes would continue running Bitcoin with 1MB blocks.  Core devs have no power to force node operators or miners to run the software they release.  
@_date: 2016-12-08 18:15:31
Apparently you haven't met [the vast majority of node operators who have chosen not to handle larger blocks with BU by running Bitcoin Core instead.](
@_date: 2016-12-22 23:37:33
Miners cannot fix the price.  They can only ask a price.   If the price they are asking is too high, buyers won't pay it.  There are only 1800 new coins being mined per day.  There are 14 million coins already in circulation.  Any of these 14 million could be for sale at less than the miners' asking price.  
I don't disagree that this price movement could be partially residual halving effect.  But miners cannot 'fix' Bitcoin prices.  Miners and other sellers can ask any price they want, but it doesn't become the real price unless buyers are willing to pay it.
@_date: 2016-11-08 00:08:30
False dichotomy.  One implies the other.
Also there is no single motivation of the 'Bitcoin Community'.  We are all individuals with diverse motivations and opinions.
@_date: 2016-11-26 14:31:14
It is not impossible to buy bitcoin.  Bitcoin does not require any identity information.  Companies that deal with the legacy banking system do.
Meet someone in person.  Hand them cash, they send you bitcoin.  No personal information needs to change hands. 
@_date: 2016-12-26 15:06:20
Awesome!  Also I love the fact that this this pool does not require creating a username or password but just lets you connect using your Bitcoin address. 
@_date: 2016-12-23 23:31:12
Large mining farms and mining pools might be good places to start
@_date: 2016-12-24 00:17:19
Recently bought some movietickets(.com) and they use GoCoin.  Experience was very smooth from my end.  BitPay and Coinbase both work well also.
@_date: 2015-08-04 12:08:45


While we recognize that this is not science, we still conclude that it is 'robust evidence'.
The study assumes that anyone who googles Silk Road must be a criminal.  So, no reporters, no researchers, no curious people, no one learning about the oriental trade route, no one interested in contemporary social phenomena.  
Are the publishers of this study engaging in criminal activity?  Because presumably they must have done some googling themselves.  
@_date: 2017-11-21 01:07:23
Well, I didn't say it would rise indefinitely.  They use the rollercoaster guy meme for a reason.  However I do think it will rise over the long term, as it has been doing.  
The reasons are the same now as they always have been.  Bitcoin allows any person in any country to be in complete control of his own digital money.  Bitcoin allows any person to send money to any person or business in any country, in any amount, at will, without needing permission or cooperation from any third party custodian.  Bitcoin allows a person or business to store their own money as independently mathematically verifiable information.  This cannot be done with gold, dollars or banks.  Bitcoin allows an individual to control his own digital money without counter party risk for the first time in history.
Right now, relatively few own it or use it.  Over time, as the utility of owning Bitcoin in a connected world is realized, more people will demand it.  Since the supply is fixed, increased demand will cause the price to rise.  That's what has gotten us from zero to $8000.  Since we are not yet near potential market saturation, I expect the slow burn to continue.  Over the long term.  In the short to medium term, there will certainly be bumps.  But trying to time the market is tricky at best.  That's why the buy and hold strategy is popular around here.
@_date: 2017-11-19 12:28:35
In short, because papers like this, while interesting, are written by academics who often do not understand the reality on the ground. They therefore make bad assumptions about what motivates the individual participants in the system and misjudge how those participants will act in reality.
There is nothing wrong with the math in the paper.  However the researchers make a huge bad assumption, which is that Bitcoin miners only mine to accumulate dollars and do not care about the long term viability of the Bitcoin network and their own mining businesses.  This assumption is false.
If we run the scenario to it's conclusion, a successful selfish mining attack would result in market participants losing confidence in Bitcoin as functional decentralized digital money.  The price would crash to near zero.  The attacking miners would have put themselves out of business.  It doesn't make sense for a miner to attack his own revenue stream.  
But more importantly, without Bitcoin it is no longer possible for any individual in any country to be in complete control of his own digital money on the internet without requiring permission from a central third party.  No miner wants that to happen.  That's why they are participating in the Bitcoin network in the first place.  They are securing the network so that they can use it. 
Bitcoin Magazine summarized it this way: 


@_date: 2015-08-29 12:34:39
In theory, a government could mandate the blocking of bitcoin traffic by ISPs.  This would not work, because bitcoin nodes would simply encrypt their traffic over VPNs, Tor or the like.  ISPs would have to block all encrypted traffic to stop it, and even then there are potential solutions using stegonography.  Worst case, Bitcoin transactions are information and can be transmitted over radio, satellite, meshnets, or other out of band methods.
@_date: 2017-11-21 00:31:26
In March 2013, $35 was the all time high.  Would you have bought?
You shouldn't think of the price of one bitcoin compared to the price of one bitcoin in the past.  If you do that, you will probably never buy because it will always seem expensive.
You should think of the value of the entire Bitcoin system (Bitcoin 'market cap') when compared to the value of all gold, or the entire money supply of a currency, like the dollar.  There are trillions of dollars, but all bitcoins that exist today are only worth about $130 billion. 
Then you realize that $8000 for one 21 millionth piece of all bitcoin that will ever exist is a steal.
@_date: 2015-08-07 12:56:10
Points simply and clearly made.  Worth a read.  
@_date: 2015-08-19 23:14:03
This does not mean Slush has made a decision for or against XT.  Individual miners in the Slush pool can vote by pointing their miners to either an XT url or a Core url.  
Ten blocks have been mined by Slush since then and none of them are showing the XT version designation.
@_date: 2015-08-29 12:46:34


We don't know that.  I live a thousand miles away from the pool that I point my miners at.  Anyone on the internet in any country can mine at a Chinese pool.  F2pool and Antpool are public pools and almost certainly have may pool miners who are not physically located in China.  
@_date: 2017-11-21 00:45:16
Why do you need an alternative?
Bitcoin is the 'blockchain based' currency that has the longest, most reliable, most secure history of operation.  It was the first to solve the double spending problem without a central third party, by using a decentralized blockchain with proof of work mining.  It has the biggest base of users, the most experienced developers, the most capital invested, the most businesses built around it and the most brand recognition.  Bitcoin is the only 'blockchain technology' that is actually being used by people and businesses to transact with each other.  All of the others exist only because they are attempting to imitate Bitcoin and its success.  
Why would you secure your transactions on a smaller blockchain than Bitcoin's with a shorter history of reliable operation?  Why would you use (or invest in) a tiny imitator when you could have the thing they are imitating?  
@_date: 2015-07-28 13:06:30
Check out Bitwage.  They offer a payroll service that individuals can sign up for without their employer needing to know anything about Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2015-07-18 13:44:10
Perhaps, but I am more optimistic.  I've been hearing that mining cannot work for four years now.  Profitability is not the only motivation for mining.  Tor relay operators do not profit, but they run relays anyway because they believe privacy on the internet is important.  There is no reason that Bitcoin miners cannot mine for similar reasons.  Decentralized money on the internet that works the same for everyone is important.  Those who understand that choose to support the network by mining and running full nodes.  
Large commercial mining farms must be profitable or shut down.  Amateur miners can mine at breakeven or even a loss if necessary to support the decentralized network, because we have day jobs.  People spend money on all kinds of whims and hobbies that do not generate profit.
@_date: 2015-07-07 13:34:26
Not likely, because regulators will force Citi to treat it like a bank account with all of the same KYC and AML identity based bottlenecks, instead of a cash-like instrument.  Citi will not allow shapeshift.io to use the Citi system because Shapeshift.io treats cryptocurrencies like cash, with no identity required.  The only people who will be able to use the Citicoin are people that Citi approves in advance.
@_date: 2015-07-12 11:34:35
Bitcoin ain't never left
@_date: 2015-07-24 00:13:37
$60 might be tough, but Antminer S3s have been recently sold on ebay for less than $100.  It's not going to make you rich but depending on your electricity cost it might make you a few bits, and it will help keep the network decentralized.  You will need a separate PSU to power it.
Profitability can be estimated using this calculator:
Change the "Difficulty Increment" on the calculator to 2% for a more realistic result.
At this point in time it's best to think of mining as a hobby as opposed to a money making endeavor.
@_date: 2015-07-13 13:46:34
@_date: 2015-07-28 11:08:16
The pizza shop reads you their Bitcoin address over the phone
@_date: 2015-07-18 11:42:43


They wouldn't.  Most people talking about 'blockchain without Bitcoin' do not understand this.  They think that they (a company) will create 'their own' blockchain, and that their own blockchain will automatically have all the benefits of the Bitcoin Blockchain, but this is not true.
If the network is private, it will not be trustless, because the company that controls access to the network will be able to ban nodes that don't agree with itself.  The controlling company does not think this is a problem, but users of the system do.  The point of a blockchain is that it removes the need to trust a central company because math works the same way for everyone.  This private blockchain cannot be relied upon to work for everyone, because at any moment the access controlling company could deny any user access to their own money.
If the network is public, the company that creates it will have to accept the fact that it cannot contol access to the system (like Bitcoin), which is an anathema to them.  But even if it is public, it will be orders of magnitude smaller and less secure from attack than the Bitcoin network, since any tokens that could be mined would not have the market value of bitcoins without some sort of 'backing' that requires trust of a counter party to keep their promise to redeem the tokens for whatever asset they are supposedly backed by.
@_date: 2015-07-14 18:41:16
Thanks for taking the time to write a correct answer!  $0.50 @_date: 2015-07-18 14:26:17
Many relays are run on VPSes or dedicated servers in data centers.  They are not free.  Tor relays use a lot of bandwidth, the faster relays are certainly hundreds of dollars a month.  Even if the cost is less, it's still a non-zero cost with a zero chance of profit.  
Unlike many other hobbies, Bitcoin mining has a greater than zero chance of being profitable.  
@_date: 2015-07-18 15:55:04
True.  Additionally, mining works as a way to acquire coins in any country, regardless of the availability of online exchanges or bank accounts in that country.
@_date: 2015-07-04 03:11:25
Bitpay's Insight.is node appears to be on the correct fork:
@_date: 2015-07-12 00:59:04
It's about participating in a system that allows any individual on the internet, in any country, have digital money that they control themselves, and can save, transfer, or spend electronically at will without needing the cooperation of any bank.
It's like running a Tor relay.  Even if there is no monetary reward, you do it because you think people should have the right to read privately without being spied on.  Similarly, you mine Bitcoin because you think people in every country should have the ability to transact on the internet without needing permission from a company or a bank. You understand that the system only works if it is decentralized, and every miner you run yourself is a miner that cannot be used by a large mining farm that could be targeted by bad actors.
Also, it's like any other hobby that people do for the fun of it.
@_date: 2015-07-24 00:03:38


I don't think that is the way it will play out.  21 is not going to be the only company doing this.  There is nothing proprietary about how mining works.  Over time, as the advantages of having digital cash on the internet become obvious to individuals, companies will end up selling devices that allow the user to keep 100% of the coins and mine on a pool of their choice, P2pool, etc.  
Every user of Bitcoin has an incentive to do what is right for the network.  If the user of Bitcoin wants to be able to use money that works like cash on the internet in every country for every person, then they have an incentive to do what is right for the network by keeping it decentralized and therefore useable.  The moment mining becomes centralized the ability to spend your money at will will be handicapped by the central party.  All users, including all miners, have an incentive not to allow that to happen.  
@_date: 2015-07-01 17:18:07
@_date: 2015-07-11 12:00:47


@_date: 2015-07-18 12:50:35
I have not used them, sorry.  I currently run Antminer hardware.  I haven't had any major problems with it.  I hear Spondoolies hardware is also good quality.
@_date: 2015-07-04 01:50:38
They still have to compete with all the organizations affiliated with other governments interested in manipulating the chain in the opposite direction.
@_date: 2015-07-23 23:48:27


Their new, slower Visa would not have any of the advantages that Bitcoin has that make Bitcoin interesting and worth using.
Will any person on the internet in any country be able to send money to any other person in any other country using Visacoin?  No, because Visa will have to enforce KYC, which means they will need your name, SSN, date of birth, country of origin, etc.  Anyone who does not meet Visa's criteria will be denied access to the system.  Basically anyone who can't get a Visa card will also be locked out of Visacoin.  This includes entire countries.
Visa running all of the nodes themselves would be pointless and nonsensical.  The point of having a decentralized network of miners is to allow the individual participants in the network to reach consensus that is mathematically verifiable by anyone and does not require trusting a central party with your money.  Visa already has consensus with itself.  Any mining consensus that Visa achieves would be meaningless theater.  If Visa controlled all the mining nodes, Visa would be able to block any transaction from occurring, freeze money, seize funds, etc.
The whole point of Bitcoin is that no one, not even the creator of the network, can do those things.  It's this property that makes Bitcoin revolutionary.  That's why we're all here talking about it.  It's programmable digital money that works like cash on the internet, for every person or device in every country.
@_date: 2015-07-12 17:17:55


Not true.  Off the top of my head, BitPay is over four years old, as is BTC-e.  Coinbase is over three years old.  
@_date: 2015-07-15 11:19:28
No, Google Docs can be arbitrarily edited, exactly the same way the banks arbitrarily changed the ownership of the stock certificates.  Ownership of digital stock certificates on the Bitcoin blockchain could not be changed without the express participation of the individual owner who controlled the private key.
@_date: 2015-07-27 12:22:30
You are not in total control of a hosted VM.  The hosting company is in control.  All VPSes are essentially owned by the hosting company.  They can shut down the machine, image it, or read the encryption keys out of running memory at any time.
@_date: 2015-07-18 15:34:52
Antminer S3's have been recently sold on ebay for less than $100.  They are self contained (no separate pc needed), have a web interface, and are pretty easy to setup.  You will need a standard PSU to power it.  Point it at a pool (preferably one not in the top 50%, like Slush or Eligius) and you're up and running!
@_date: 2015-07-13 12:54:56
I don't think that Matonis wants the cap to increase - he is warning that the attempt will inevitably be made by someone.






@_date: 2015-07-18 12:53:11
This was part of it.  But supposedly Cex.io was less than half of the Ghash hash power, so it wasn't the only factor.
EDIT:  Also, by the time Cex.io shut down, Ghash had already dropped to less than 20% of the network, IIRC.
@_date: 2015-07-18 11:13:26


Sure, if your droplet has enough drive space.  
Self hosting has the advantage that you (and only you) remain in full physical control of the node.  So it is somewhat more decentralized than running a node in a data center.   On the other hand nodes in data centers generally have more bandwidth available to them.  Both hosted and home nodes can help the network.
@_date: 2015-07-23 13:44:47




@_date: 2015-07-01 12:10:02


Apparently the ~~Mayor of Chicago~~ Cook County Sheriff thinks he should be able to shut down payments to any business at will merely by asserting that he has "objectively found" that they are criminals, without actually charging anyone with a crime and proving it in a court of law.


But they are being punished anyway.  If a business is breaking the law, they should be charged with a crime and convicted by a jury of their peers.  They should not have their business handicapped by extra judicial means.
These kind of abuses show why decentralized electronic money is important.
@_date: 2015-07-10 10:44:31
Interesting use of Bitcoin that cannot be done with the legacy banking system.  The proposition is to include a Bitcoin private key digitally embedded in movie screeners as a canary.  If the screener is pirated, the Bitcoin balance is presumably claimed by a downloader, proving the screener associated with that address was leaked.
@_date: 2015-07-10 11:42:28
The role Bitcoin plays is essentially the same role that it has been playing all along.  Bitcoin allows any person on the internet to send money to any other person, in any country, in any amount, practically instantly and practically free, without requiring cooperation or permission from any company or bank.
Bitcoin makes it possible for a person in China (or anywhere else) to hold funds that are outside the banking system - but those funds can still be transferred or spent digitally.
Ideally, you don't wait until the stock market is already crashing (China) and the banks are already closed (Greece) before you rush to get Bitcoin.  A prudent individual already has a fraction of his assets in Bitcoin when the crisis hits.  That way, no matter what happens to the banks or stock markets in any given country, you are in control of an uncorrelated asset that can not only be traded in person for your local cash, but can also be used to purchase a plane ticket online or remitted electronically to your relatives.  Funds held in Bitcoin can be taken with you out of any country into any other country regardless of any capital controls or banking system quirks.  Funds held with a Bitcoin private key that you control cannot be frozen or 'bailed-in' (Cyprus).
Bitcoin is not a silver bullet for solving a country's economic problems.  But it is a very useful tool that individuals and companies in any country can choose to use if they want to, for wealth storage, remittance, and person to person transactions.
@_date: 2017-04-09 23:16:31
The choices are in bulk from Bitfury,  or ebay.
@_date: 2015-07-12 11:52:03
Those videos are great
@_date: 2015-07-15 11:15:38


So the purpose of the DTC and Cede &amp;Co is to be a trusted centralized ledger for stock certificates.
If a stock certificate was a colored coin on The Blockchain, stock certificates could be traded person to person with no need for a centralized ledger or an entity who "owns everyone's stock for them".  Individuals and companies would own stock directly again.  They could sell (or not) the stock at will, and ownership would be publicly verifiable on The Blockchain.  
@_date: 2015-07-12 13:57:32
The person who refers someone could just send the bitcoin they receive to the new user himself
@_date: 2015-07-13 10:57:10
Usage of the Bitcoin blockchain for non-currency reasons would still require the individuals, companies, banks or whoever to acquire bitcoins to make changes to the public ledger.  So yes, there would still be demand for bitcoins.  More demand combined with limited supply would cause the price to rise.  
@_date: 2015-07-13 12:11:23
Mine and run a full node, both of which contribute to the decentralization of the network.  Bitcoin is all about decentralization.
@_date: 2015-07-23 13:56:56


I don't believe that statement is correct.  There is one reason why everyone needs Bitcoin.  Individuals and businesses do not control their own money if their money is in a bank.  A bank can deny you access to your own money at any time.  This is true in every country.  Bitcoin is money that remains under the full control of the individual, while retaining the ability to transact electronically at will.  
Most people do not believe they need Bitcoin, because they do not believe that their bank will deny them access to their own money or deny them the ability to transact with whom they please.  We have multiple recent examples that this belief is false.  Cyprus, Greece, Argentina, Venezuela, Crimea... 
If people wait until it actually happens in their country, it will be too late.  Then they will write articles about how Bitcoin 'can't help country X' because if people can't get cash they can't buy bitcoins.  No kidding, they should have bought bitcoins when the read about what happened to Cyprus.  Then they would already have access to funds that can be spent electronically but cannot be frozen or confiscated. 
@_date: 2015-07-13 11:44:23
You could sign a string with the bitcoin private key that you used to pay previously.
@_date: 2015-07-12 16:28:45


@_date: 2015-07-07 16:55:30
Why would a Bitcoin ATM be money transmission?  No one's money is being transmitted.  If the article's analysis is correct, "a company should only need a license if they have actual custody of their customers bitcoins."  
An ATM doesn't have custody of their customer's bitcoins - the ATM company's own bitcoins are immediately exchanged for the customer's dollars on the spot, or vice versa.  
@_date: 2015-07-18 14:44:10
One possibility of how the Bitcoin blockchain could be used for other purposes is by using colored coins 'on top' of the Bitcoin blockchain.  In this solution, some amount of bitcoin would be 'colored' and agreed upon to represent a share of stock in a particular company (for example).  These particular bitcoins could then be traded between individuals using the security of the decentralized Bitcoin blockchain.  
Another possibility being worked on is called sidechains, in which another blockchain has a specific mathematical relationship with the Bitcoin blockchain in a way that may allow it to inherit some of the security provided by Bitcoin mining.  
AFAIK, all of the proposed 'blockchain can be used for anything' / smart contract scenarios are still rather vague on details as of today.  But there are a lot of experienced programmers exploring the possibilities, notably the Blockstream company that currently employs some of the developers working on the Bitcoin Core software.
@_date: 2015-07-15 12:07:33
Digital stock certificates on The Blockchain would be mathematically verifiable in all jurisdictions, so which government?  Presumably we would have to return to a model of innocent until proven guilty before denying individuals the right to transact with each other.
@_date: 2015-07-12 19:18:42
Bitpay is four years old.  Bitpay was already operational when I started in Bitcoin in June 2011.  Their original domain was bit-pay.com.
@_date: 2015-07-23 14:05:24


This is one reason no bank owned blockchain can ever offer what Bitcoin offers.  Banks are companies and their priority is to offer services that are profitable for the company.  This priority is at odds with the customer's priority, which is to have money that does whatever the customer wants it to do.  Bitcoin is money that does what the customer wants, not what the bank wants and not what some company wants.
If a customer (or an entire region) is unprofitable, the bank will pull out.  Traditional banks are actually reducing the regions in which they operate.  Bitcoin, on the other hand, works anywhere the internet reaches, the same for every person in every country.  
@_date: 2015-07-15 12:01:54


The same legal processes that apply today to physical property would still apply.  Law enforcement was able to physically seize Ross Ulbrict's private keys.  But clerical mistakes made by custodians would be impossible, because there is no custodian.
As you would with a physical bearer stock certificate,  cash, or jewelery, it is highly recommended that you take securing your private key seriously, like the valuable property that it is.  
@_date: 2015-07-27 12:12:55
Circle.com allows you to buy with a credit card.
@_date: 2015-07-10 18:03:13
1) Yes, but not without flagging himself as a leaker and risking not being sent future screeners.  It's not really a false positive if he takes the money that his screener agreement forbids him to take.
2) Yes, but it is still no worse than now, and the dishonest leaker would have to resist the additional temptation to spend the bitcoin.  If he ever spent the bitcoin, he would be flagging his copy as the one leaked and risk losing access to future screeners.
@_date: 2015-07-18 11:23:53
Credit cards can only be accepted by businesses if the business has permission from the credit card company (in this case Visa).  Visa has declined to allow Backpage.com to accept Visa payments, and has denied Visa card holders the choice to pay Backpage.com using their Visa card.
One of the attributes of Bitcoin is that it can be accepted by any business or individual at will, without permission from anyone.  This differentiates Bitcoin from any other electronic payment method that has ever existed.
Paxful is a company that helps individuals buy and sell bitcoins with each other, for the purpose of paying Backpage.com while permission to transact with Visa is denied.
@_date: 2015-07-01 19:53:47
In all fairness, people are supposed to be tried and convicted by a jury of their peers before being punished.  This is a primary tenet of the civilized world.  Accusations are not adequate grounds to punish a business by cutting off it's income stream.  If they are guilty of a crime that deserves punishment, they should be tried in a court of law, where actual evidence can be presented and challenged, arguments for both sides can be made, and witnesses for both sides can be cross examined.  It's not up to a Sheriff or a payment processor or you or I to decide to cut off a business's revenue stream because he surfed their website and has "objectively" concluded that they should not be allowed to be paid for the listing service they provide.  If he thinks Backpage.com is breaking the law, he should book them and charge them using the court system and the laws that the citizens of his country and state voted for.  Not bully them with unelected payment processors who have set themselves up as the arbiters of what people are allowed to do with their own money.
The fact that he has to attack them with extra-judicial means just emphasizes the fact that they are apparently not breaking any law.  They should therefore be allowed to continue business as usual without harassment.  If the people of Illinois believe the service should be made illegal, they can write to their congressman and try to get a law passed that says so.  The Sheriff can then charge Backpage.com under that law.
@_date: 2015-07-07 14:24:24
Confirmed (ha).  I just sent a transaction and it was received instantly, confirmed in less than four minutes in the very next block.
I never would have known anything was happening if I wasn't on reddit.
@_date: 2015-07-18 10:55:01
Apparently, individual mining operations belatedly realized the problem and pointed their miners to pools other than Ghash, or in some cases started their own private pools (Bitfury).  Ghash refused to take steps to keep their hashrate lower, so individual miners realized they were not trustworthy and left on their own.  Ghash suffered reputational damage because they gave the impression that they did not understand or agree that decentralization is the core precept of Bitcoin.  
No matter what pool approaches 50%, as long as there are individual miners who control their own equipment, they can point their hashpower away from the large pool and at a smaller pool, or P2Pool, or solo mine, to maintain decentralization.  That's why it is crucial that as many individuals as possible mine with their own equipment.
@_date: 2015-07-23 23:14:00
Breaking even is not the point.  The point is generating bitcoin that can be used by any device or person on the internet in any country (not possible with dollars) while simultaneously decentralizing the network.
Antminer S3s each contain 32 ASICs.  Dividing the current 415GH/s one of my S3s is producing by 32 we get ~12 gigahashes per chip.  Dividing the 362 watts of power it uses by 32 we get ~11 watts of power per chip.  
If each consumer router in the approximately 100 million households in the US had one of these ASICs, it would add 1,200 petahashes to the Bitcoin network, which is well over twice the hashpower of the entire current Bitcoin network.  That's one device with one chip per household in one country.
The ASICs that are eventually used for this sort of thing will only get more power efficient with time.  The chips that Bitfury and 21 claim to be using are already much more efficient than the ones in my example.  
@_date: 2015-07-04 02:46:07
If you assume all the governments in the world cooperate with one another, there would be no war and one world government.
Imagine scenarios.  Today the US controls the reserve currency.  Every other country does not.  If hypothetically the US thinks Bitcoin is so dangerous that it is worth attacking with a 51% attack, do the other countries of the world have an incentive to cooperate with that attack so that the US maintains control over the money of the world?  Or do they have an incentive to support the system that the US thinks is dangerous and threatening to the dollar?  Do the other governments of the world have an incentive to support money that treats all participants equally based on impartial mathematics, as opposed to allowing a foreign power to arbitrarily manipulate the money supply?  Various governments are often at odds with each other over monetary policy, currency devaluation, etc.
The interesting thing about the Bitcoin network is that anyone who wants to can participate in it. If any party attempts to assert control via 51% attack, everyone else on the planet can contribute toward stopping him merely by participating in the network themselves and following the rules.  As long as there is more hashing power that wants the network to work than there is attacking the network, no single party can manipulate the network.  The network is not static.  An attacker could add lots of hash power, but he can't stop everyone else from adding hash power in response.  The network is as big as it is because the participants want to use it and have incentives to support it.
@_date: 2017-04-16 19:55:42
I disagree.  My node is just as valid as any other node.  Exchanges do not decide what Bitcoin is.  Exchanges are a dime a dozen.  If Bitstamp stopped running Core and stared running BU with incompatible consensus rules, I would simply stop using Bitstamp, and so would all of the other Bitcoin users.  Bitcoin would still work just fine.  
Even if all the current exchanges inexplicably did that, new ones would pop up to keep trading Bitcoin.  Bitcoin users could still exchange Bitcoin with each other for cash, goods or services, just like today.
Exchanges exist because of Bitcoin, not vice versa.  Exchanges and other Bitcoin businesses are in business because of Bitcoin - Bitcoin does not exist because of them.  Bitcoin would still be the oldest, largest, most battle tested, most reliable decentralized digital money in existence and I and many others would continue to value it for those reasons.  The idea that an exchange or some investors are going to tell the market what it values and what it doesn't is laughable and the height of hubris.  
@_date: 2017-04-16 19:19:03
Nodes mean something. Nodes are literally what the network is made out of.  'Supporting' a side without running a node and/or mining is not support - it literally means nothing.
@_date: 2017-04-17 23:04:25
Except in real life there are no contracts between miners and 'the community' so your comparison makes no sense.
There is no tragedy of the commons, because there is no common resource that is depleted.  The tragedy of the commons is that cows eat free grass until there is no more grass.  There is no such thing in Bitcoin.  Individuals and businesses are not going to go broke mining, because mining is not their only source of income.  Some people freeloading does not break Bitcoin in any way, nor does it drive hobby miners into the poorhouse.  There is no tragedy.
It is entirely possible for individuals to mine profitably.  I know because I'm doing it right now.  But even if it weren't profitable, what would that change?  In real life, people support all kinds of things with their money that have no chance of being profitable.  People pay to run Tor nodes that earn them zero dollars.  People volunteer their time and donate money to causes they feel are important.  I see no reason individuals who see the importance of uncensorable digital money could not choose to do the same thing.  In fact, many already are.  There is no monetary incentive to run a full node, but thousands of people have been doing it for years.  No tragedy has resulted.
@_date: 2017-04-16 19:22:06
It does, because you can switch to another pool at will practically instantly.  If the pool you are currently pointing your ASICs at misbehaves, you can point at a different pool, or start your own that others can point their ASICs at.
@_date: 2016-02-15 14:02:26
It's a good article, until it asserts that Classic has majority support, which is false.
Bitfury, BTCC, and F2Pool, among others, have recently signed [this statement]( which specifically says that they do not support Classic or any other contentious fork.
@_date: 2017-04-16 20:03:06
Just because you say it isn't doesn't make it either.  The system is made out of nodes.  All of them.  If some nodes think they are better and they split off, they will find out the hard way that they are not special.  
@_date: 2017-04-09 23:39:41
Changing the POW will not solve the problem.  The problem will simply move to the new algorithm, as the post about miners attempting to block Segwit on Litecoin illustrates.
The only solution to mining centralization is to decentralize mining by choosing to mine ourselves with hardware we physically control.  No matter what the POW algorithm is, mining will not be decentralized unless disparate individuals and business are participating.  
@_date: 2017-04-16 19:40:34
Of course you agree with the chain, but you also verify that transactions you receive are following the rules of the chain.  The only way to do that is to have a copy of the blockchain, i.e. run a node.  It is not just symbolic.  If you are not running a node than you cannot verify that transactions you receive are legit.  You have to take the word of someone who is running a node.  If there is only one node than that person can change the rules at will.  Many decentralized nodes prevent this by verifying that transactions follow the rules.  If someone sends me a transaction and that transaction is included in a 2MB BU mined block, my node will reject that transaction and I will not deliver goods, no matter what 'the capital' says.
@_date: 2015-07-04 02:12:28
What would happen in practice would likely be nothing.  If one government has the incentive to attack the blockchain with an attempted 51% attack, it follows that other governments have the same incentives and will try the same thing.  The result will be a Bitcoin mining pie chart that looks just like the blockchain.info mining pie chart, but with governments and multinational corporations in addition to existing mining pools.  None of them will be able to manipulate the blockchain, because none of them will allow any of the others to achieve 51%.  The dynamic is the same as today, just bigger mining pools.
@_date: 2015-07-23 22:41:03


That's not really what I was going for.  Although financial institutions (and government regulations) have helped create a world in which individuals cannot realistically function without bank accounts, because transacting in large amounts of cash is considered suspicious.  In such a world, in my opinion access to a bank account should be considered a right.  We already have services like water and electricity that are considered essential and cannot be turned off for arbitrary reasons.
The details of how that would work are not really as interesting to me as Bitcoin, which allows any person in Cyprus or any other country to store and/or spend their funds electronically without the cooperation or permission of any bank.  If I were an affected Barclay's customer, I would be worried about what might happen to my money in a Cyprus bank account.  Unlike bank accounts, Bitcoin wallets cannot be bailed-in, and no one can tell you that you wallet balance is too high or too low.
@_date: 2015-07-04 13:01:20
Yes.  But there were almost no transactions in the orphaned blocks.
@_date: 2017-04-10 00:30:56
User activation of Segwit is compatible with nodes as they are today.  Users who activate Segwit on their nodes are fully compatible with existing nodes and vice versa.  User activation does not create incompatibilities in the network.
Emergent consensus is a misnomer.  It doesn't create consensus, it breaks consensus around max blocksize via hardfork and hopes other nodes follow (if the current nodes counts are any indication, [the vast majority of nodes will not follow](  It is incompatible with nodes that do not change to support it - existing nodes will reject large blocks, and even nodes using 'emergent consensus' are not actually in consensus about the rules since they all accept different arbitrary max block sizes.  Best case scenario, this creates short term uncertainty about whether your transaction will go through, since it may be included in a block that is too big for other nodes to accept.
@_date: 2017-04-20 00:00:09
Sounds interesting, but I don't think it changes anything fundamental.  Those who have access to cheap DRAM, rackspace and electricity will buy a lot of it and it make mining less profitable for the little guys.  The little guys will use the excuse that mining is not profitable enough and stop mining.  The more small miners that stop mining, the more profitable the large miners will be, they will keep buying DRAM making mining less profitable for the little guys and the cycle continues.  Also, if mining can really be done effectively on commodity hardware, we will see mining botnets like we did in the CPU days.
No matter what the algorithm is, small independent miners must keep mining regardless of profitability to maintain decentralization.  If we leave mining to only professional miners we are going to see the situation we have today, large miners throwing their weight around, continue.  Because no matter what the algorithm is, it is not going to be possible for an infinite number of miners to have a 100% chance of being highly profitable.  
In my opinion, we should be thinking of mining as the voice that we have in the Bitcoin system.  We mine in self defense so that a small group of people cannot gain too much power over transaction processing.  Almost (but not exactly like) voting in a democracy.  If you chose not to mine you give up your small but non-zero voice in the 'governing' of the system and you make it easier for malicious influences to cause trouble since they have a larger percentage of the pie.  If you choose to mine you can always make your voice heard by pointing your miner at a pool whose policies you support, or start your own pool with other like minded individuals.
@_date: 2017-04-30 19:12:41
Unless you don't want to trust any third parties regarding the legitimacy of your transactions.  Which is like, the point of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-04-15 15:36:49
Over 63% of connectable nodes are currently Segwit ready.  
@_date: 2015-07-18 14:54:00
As I said, the cost of running a Tor relay is not necessarily cheap, yet people still do it.  My relay cost me $24 per month to rent a VPS.  This gave me 50mbps of continual bandwidth usage upload and down 24/7.  
Mining does not need a ton of mining equipment or electricity.  One or two Antminer S models can get you started.  Bitcoin mining currently costs me $70 a month in electricity, and I generate approximately $75 in bitcoin.  Even if mining costs me the entire $70 a month, with no profit, that would not be outside the range of what people spend on plenty of other things that generate no profit.
Mining can be and is being done by small miners.
@_date: 2015-07-15 13:44:01
Perhaps, but the article describes how legal changes were made to create the current system as a solution to the problem of moving paper.  It seems reasonable that more legal changes could be made to eliminate the trusted third party bottlenecks and counter party risk in the current system.  Stocks could be traded between individuals and companies worldwide with no counter party risk and without days long settlement times.  Dividends could be sent via Bitcoin to every domestic and international shareholder instantly, no matter what legacy banking system is (or is not) operational in his country.  Records of these payments would be automatically kept in the unalterable Bitcoin blockchain.  None of this would require any third party custodians and could be independently verified by anyone.
@_date: 2015-07-04 20:52:56
At least  and  showed the correct chain during the incident.
@_date: 2017-04-19 12:34:58
Monopoly is not inevitable.  The way to avoid it is for as many individuals and businesses as possible to mine ourselves with hardware we physically control.  No one wants to hear it but it is the only answer.  Otherwise we will always be at the mercy of large mining interests.  Changing the POW will not help - those with cheap electricity will buy more GPUs than you.  To maintain decentralization, many individuals will have to choose to mine no matter what the POW algorithm is.
@_date: 2015-07-22 12:20:40
This is a real-time graphical representation of the Bitcoin blockchain, which is the decentralized ledger of all Bitcoin transactions.
When a person makes a Bitcoin transaction, they broadcast the transaction to all computers running Bitcoin for validation.  The diamond shapes falling from the top of the screen represent real time transactions happening on the Bitcoin network and their amounts measured in bitcoin.  
Approximately every 10 minutes, these transactions are 'confirmed' by being included in a 'block' of transactions, which means they are permanently entered into the public ledger (the blockchain).  The large numbered boxes represent blocks of transactions on the blockchain.
Since the Bitcoin network is totally open and public, and every computer running Bitcoin has a copy of the ledger, any programmer can write a tool like this to analyze and display data on the Bitcoin blockchain.  A site like this is generally called a 'block explorer'.  This site was created by a programmer in Japan.
Here are some other less whimsical block explorers:
 - the first AFAIK, text based
 -  the most cited
 - aimed at traders
 - Bitpay's open source explorer
 
@_date: 2016-12-22 12:58:17
The all time high is the MtGox price of $1224
@_date: 2017-04-15 16:11:17
It's not charity, it's self defense.  There is no scenario in which we can leave mining to be done by a few miners but still expect to have decentralized money that can be used by any person in any country without permission.  The mining algorithm doesn't change this.  
The only way to decrease the influence of large miners is to reduce the percentage of network hashpower that they control, and the only decentralized, non-coercive way to do that is to increase our own hashpower.
@_date: 2017-04-19 17:24:06
There is no magic algorithm that can make mining profitable for everyone.  The way blocks are rewarded is already random.  
@_date: 2017-04-15 15:51:54
LTC is already using a different mining algorithm than Bitcoin, but the different algorithm did not prevent some large miners throwing their weight around.  It won't be any different with multiple algorithms.  There is are no magic algorithms that will keep mining decentralized.
In order for mining to be decentralized, people have to choose to mine no matter what the algorithms are.  If you want mining to be decentralized, the correct course of action is to mine yourself with hardware you physically control and encourage others to do the same.
Big miners with cheap electricity can buy just as many GPUs as they can ASICs.  
@_date: 2016-02-12 00:51:05
Fortunately they are not necessary to accept Bitcoin
@_date: 2017-04-19 17:27:57
Anyone can choose to mine today if they want to help decentralize the network.  All you have to do is acquire an ASIC and plug it in.  If you don't want to buy from Bitmain then you can buy second hand from Ebay or (I'm told) order in bulk from Bitfury.
@_date: 2017-04-16 19:28:41
Of course they don't control the network individually - the network is decentralized.  It is made out of the many nodes.  The nodes enforce their own rules about what transactions they will accept.  Any 'witness' you are referring to is a full node.  You don't really know if everything is ok unless your own node verifies it.   
@_date: 2016-09-25 15:45:09
Circle and Coinbase are two popular ways of purchasing bitcoin.  Alternately you can use a service like Localbitcoins to meet someone in person to buy bitcoin with cash.
@_date: 2016-09-26 17:07:43
Yes, it is understood that SPV client transactions are transmitted through lots of nodes.  The difference is Bitcoin Wallet SPV clients connect to eight of the any 5000+ full nodes on the Bitcoin network that are run by many different parties.  The chance of all of these disparate nodes colluding to refuse my transaction or feed me invalid data is very small.  I can even choose to connect to my own full nodes if I like.  In my opinion this is the closest 'pure Bitcoin' experience on a mobile device because there is no single third party I am relying on to function honestly like there is with Mycelium or a web wallet.  
@_date: 2016-02-21 12:59:45


@_date: 2016-09-25 15:42:01
Don't keep them on a website.  When you do that, you are giving someone else control over your money.  The vast majority of stolen coins were from someone else's website.  
Control your own coins on your own secured hardware using Bitcoin Core, Armory, Bitcoin Wallet for Android, or offline paper wallets for savings.
@_date: 2016-09-12 23:22:26
Currently, the only mining hardware with modern power and efficiency is sold by the company Bitmain.  The most powerful miner is the Antminer S9.  There is also the R4, which is is less noisy for home environments.  They can be purchased directly from the manufacturer here:
Before you do anything you should learn as much as possible about Bitcoin and mining.  It may or may not be profitable to mine, depending on whether the price of a bitcoin goes up or down and whether the difficulty goes up or down.  You can model potential outcomes using the Bitcoin mining calculator here:
Set the "Difficulty Increment" on the calculator to 5% to match the average difficulty in 2016.  Be aware that big moves in both directions are possible with both difficulty and price.  
EDIT:  Welcome to Bitcoin!
@_date: 2016-09-25 23:24:51
My ideal Bitcoin wallet is just a wallet that let's me do what I want with my money and that's it.  From what i understand Mycelium has a lot of features and integrations with third party services and I don't need those things.  Also their app description says "Ultra fast connection to the Bitcoin network through our super nodes".  That sounds like my traffic goes through servers controlled by a single third party running unknown software.  Those sorts of things muddy the security and functionality waters, because it's unclear what exactly is happening with my transactions and my data.  If Mycelium's servers go down, does my app still work?  It's unclear.  That said many people use Mycelium and seem to like it.  
I like Bitcoin Wallet for Android because it's the closest thing to Bitcoin Core that will run on my phone.  It's open source, there is no account to sign up for, there are no single third party servers, there are no cloud backups.  And most importantly, I and only I have access to my private keys.
@_date: 2016-09-22 11:53:46
Tor is not 'compromised'.  A bug was discovered that created a vulnerability.  There is no evidence the vulnerability was exploited.  The bug is fixed in the latest version of Tor browser.
There is a better, less biased analysis here:
TLDR there is a real bug, but not as bad as claimed.  Bug has been fixed in latest Tor Browser, you should upgrade.  Contrary to claims, Tails was not affected.  
@_date: 2016-09-05 21:36:11
Bitmain / Antminer is currently the only company that makes miners with modern hash rate and power efficiency available for purchase to the general public.  They just released the R4, which is designed for home environments (meaning it has a quieter fan).  
If you want the most powerful and efficient miner go for the S9.  Be warned that the S9 is LOUD.  They both generate heat as well.
To calculate potential profit or lack thereof, you can use a mining calculator like this one:
Happy mining!
@_date: 2017-04-09 15:39:01
This nicely illustrates why switching to a different mining algorithm (or altcoin) does not solve decentralization issues.  The problem simply moves to the new venue.
The only way to keep Bitcoin decentralized is for as many individuals and businesses as possible to choose to participate in the decentralized consensus mechanism by running nodes and mining ourselves with hardware that we physically control.
@_date: 2017-09-02 19:50:01
You can buy bitcoin in person with cash from another human who has them.  Sellers can be met using localbitcoins.com, or by going to a bitcoin meetup, mycelium local trader, your own social network, etc.
@_date: 2017-09-19 00:33:31
Alipay and Wechat do not compete with Bitcoin.  Bitcoin allows any person in any country to be in complete control of their own money on the internet, and send that money to any person in any country without permission from any third party.  Alipay and Wechat cannot do that.
@_date: 2016-09-22 22:49:36


I don't think that's the correct conclusion.  Even if you are worried about state level attackers, you're much less likely to have the content of your traffic observed if you are using the Tor Browser than if you are using your state-owned ISP in the clear.
Tor is not perfect, but it's still way better than any of the alternatives.
@_date: 2017-09-02 19:46:30
Increased demand for a fixed supply causes the price of anything to rise.  So yes.  As more people demand to have and use Bitcoin, the price rises.
@_date: 2016-09-05 12:50:50
Good article that interviews Bitcoin users, miners and entrepreneurs in China.  Worth a read.
@_date: 2017-09-02 12:43:56
There is no 100% safe way for both transactors.  Someone always has to send the money first.  The bitcoins are irreversible but digital dollar payments like Paypal and bank deposits are not.
Services like Localbitcoins.com offer 'escrow', which sounds like what your looking for.  In that case you are trusting the escrow service instead of the person you are transacting with.  It is still possible to be ripped off if the escrow service believes the scammer's story over yours.
The only 100% safe way is to meet someone in person, have them hand you cash and you send bitcoins.  Don't forget to check for counterfeit bills.
@_date: 2017-09-18 12:02:03
Totally missing the point.  A credit union can turn off your money just as easily as a bank.
No one can turn off the Bitcoin you hold in a wallet you control.
@_date: 2016-09-29 22:59:54


This is wrong.  They make it sound like the price started at $1100 and did nothing but tank.  Ulbricht was arrested Oct 2nd 2013.  The price of Bitcoin was approximately $100.  Within days, the price *doubled*.  It then continued to rise to over $1000 by the end of November.  It was only after the Chinese government said banks were not allowed to sell Bitcoin denominated banking products that the price decline began.  The price has never again been as low as it was before Ulbricht was arrested.
@_date: 2017-09-08 13:50:08
If this is real, it is great news.  No more 'monopoly' excuses for not mining.
@_date: 2017-09-18 11:54:35
First in first out, just like anything else.  If you hold less than a year, it's short term capital gains, if you hold more than a year it's long term capital gains.
Official IRS guidance:
@_date: 2017-09-07 11:12:51
Yes, money in a bank account is not under the control of the depositor, it is under the control of the bank.  
That's why holding Bitcoin to which you control your own private keys is so important.
@_date: 2017-09-19 00:42:27
Bitstamp is a financial company that needs those things because of US banking laws.  Bitstamp is not Bitcoin.  Bitcoin doesn't care who you are.
You can meet a seller in person and buy bitcoin with cash without any personal info.  Sellers can be met using localbitcoins, mycelium local trader, your local bitcoin meetup, your own social network, etc.
@_date: 2016-09-10 13:38:16
Great article.  More people need to understand that the Bitcoin network is the sum of its participants. 




@_date: 2016-09-25 15:30:59
Services like Bitwage are great because they emphasize something that Bitcoin can do that other currencies can't.  In this case, easily move across borders.
Interesting ideas about the freelance marketplace with a reputation system based on payments instead of reviews.  Article is worth a read.


@_date: 2017-09-19 11:10:16
No, the point is to have independently verifiable, reliable digital money that you can do anything you want with, that cannot be turned off or created out of nothing by a central authority.  
What happens to fiat currencies is not relevant.  Bitcoin works in world where fiat exists, Bitcoin works in a world where fiat does not exist.  
@_date: 2017-09-08 13:40:11
Not to say I told you so, but I hope you now see what I was saying.
Game theory and 'trends' notwithstanding, [the actual result]( of all the estimated hashrate fluctuation was a -4% difficulty adjustment followed by +4% difficulty adjustment.  No damage to Bitcoin, no cause for alarm.
@_date: 2015-04-19 11:30:16
I have.  Tried to order some hardware and customer service actually called me and wanted to verify a bunch of personal information, including previous addresses.  
The merchant doesn't need to worry about any of this when a customer pays with Bitcoin.  Like cash, the value of the payment does not depend on identity, so verification of identity is not necessary.
@_date: 2017-09-08 23:46:05
Four different companies selling ASICs is not a monopoly.
@_date: 2015-04-09 12:27:13
Like cash, Bitcoin requires that users take personal responsibility for their own money.  If you lose a 20 dollar bill, nobody replaces it for you.  Anyone who 'gets fleeced' has the same recourse as someone who gets fleeced with any other currency.  Make a police report.  But I suggest using common sense, not being greedy, and therefore not getting fleeced in the first place.
Most people who lose bitcoins were storing them with a third party, which is not the way Bitcoin is meant to be used.  Users should store their bitcoins on hardware they control themselves.  Unless you lose or give away your private keys, your bitcoins cannot be stolen.
@_date: 2015-04-09 10:36:19
Such as sending money to any person over the internet in any country in any amount, practically instantly and practically free, without requiring cooperation or permission from any company or bank.
EDIT: typo
@_date: 2015-04-23 11:59:20
It has nothing to do with anonymity.  Identity is simply irrelevant.
When you pay someone with a 10 dollar bill, your name is irrelevant.  The cash has value in itself - once the cash is in your possession, the transaction is over.  The cash is not a promise that someone has to keep (like a credit card payment is), so it works the same for everyone regardless of what your name is.
Imagine if you had to fill out an identity form every time you handed someone a 10 dollar bill.  Imagine if you had to keep records of the payer's name every time you accepted a 10 dollar bill in payment.  This would be pointless and unnecessary, because the value of the 10 dollar bill has nothing to do with anyone's name.  Once the cash is in your possession, the cash is in your possession and the payment is final.  Bitcoin works the same way.  Identity is not relevant.  Once you have bitcoins, you have the money.
@_date: 2015-04-25 14:12:16
This article makes astonishing admissions about the real issues and the strategies central banks are willing to use:


@_date: 2017-09-12 00:16:19
This link explains:
@_date: 2015-04-12 12:13:16
Short but good overviews:
New Scientist: 
The Guardian:
For longer videos about why Bitcoin is important, watch anything by Erik Voorhees or Andreas Antonopolous.  For technical stuff watch the Princeton Bitcoin class.
@_date: 2015-04-02 16:31:24
People discussing pros and cons in an attempt to build peer consensus is not centralized control.  Many issues are still being actively discussed.  The fact that 20MB blocks have not yet been implemented shows that Gavin cannot dictate anything.  He knows that he needs consensus, otherwise node operators, miners and users will simply ignore his changes, not upgrade to the latest version and the Bitcoin network will continue to operate as it does today.  Contrast this with a bank, who would simply adopt a 20MB blocksize and deny access to any peers who disagree.  Gavin has no such power, and neither do any other Bitcoin developers.
@_date: 2015-09-20 11:44:18
I wonder how many more of those old blocks supposedly controlled by Satoshi are not actually controlled by Satoshi.
@_date: 2015-04-27 13:24:41
Agreed, this is a huge point. Apple Pay and Venmo do not offer 'control' any more than a bank account does.  The funds are controlled by the Venmo company and it's banking partners.  
Bitcoin held in a real wallet is directly controlled by the user and his access to his own funds cannot be blocked by any company or bank.
@_date: 2017-09-02 19:43:25
Lots of great information.  Maybe should be stickied?
@_date: 2015-04-02 15:10:01
Reputation has nothing to do with it.  The purpose of a mathematically verifiable blockchain is that it works independently of reputation.  The blockchain replaces reputation with publicly verifiable operation and math based consensus of peers.
Bankcoins/chains will not work on consensus of peers.  There will be a central entity who controls what peers are allowed to participate in the network.  By definition, that entity is not a peer.  It has more control over the network than the others.  The central entity will control the consensus by means of exclusion.  It will thereby retain powers over the other peers, including the power to deny transactions and effectively freeze money.  Any participant in the system will still have to trust the central entity.  If you have to trust the central entity anyway, you do not need a blockchain to slow everything down.  You just allow the central entity to dictate what happens, just like banks already do today.
@_date: 2015-04-02 14:06:34
Exactly.  We are apparently entering another altcoin phase, the bankcoin phase.  Bankcoins will discover what other altcoins have discovered - other people aren't as excited as you are about you having 'your own' blockchain.  
@_date: 2015-09-06 17:27:19




This is such a great description of the 'power' that the developers actually have.  
@_date: 2015-04-30 21:35:01
We don't see this perspective in the media often:




Quoting Yahoo Finances Aaron Task
@_date: 2015-04-02 16:11:39
We do not trust the developers.  The code and development process is totally open and publicly reviewable.  Bitcoin developers have no ability to force me to run the code they write, and they cannot stop me from rolling back to an older version if a bug is discovered in a version I am already running.
We do not trust miners.  Any person in any country can choose to compete with other miners following the same rules as everyone else.  If a miner or group of miners collude, the other peers with an interest in the system remaining unmanipulated can point their existing miners at non-malicious pools, or they can add new hash power to increase the threshold needed for a successful attack.
None of the checks and balances that secure the open source decentralized peer to peer Bitcoin network blockchain will apply to a centrally controlled bank blockchain.  The bank doesn't want a network of peers.  The bank wants to dictate the rules.
Before Bitcoin, trusting Visa and other third parties was the only way to transact electronically.  Now that we have Bitcoin, any person in any country can transact with any other person over the internet at will, and they do not require permission or assistance from any bank.  That's what's interesting about the blockchain.  It's not about banks.  Its about the users of the system.  
Skepticism is fine.  People who are skeptical about Bitcoin can review the source code to find that everything I wrote above is true.  People who are skeptical about banks have no recourse except to trust the assurances of the bank.  Centrally controlled bank blockchains will not change this.
@_date: 2015-04-09 12:11:06
No, this is something I have done.  This the whole point of Bitcoin.  It allows people to transact over the internet with no bank between them, and it works for everyone on the internet regardless of identity or geographic location.
@_date: 2015-09-12 11:59:50
Because each node has its own individual mempool.  Blockchain.info's node is probably filtering out transactions they consider to be part of the stress test/spam attack.
@_date: 2015-04-23 12:04:32
That doesn't make it ok.
Why shouldn't I be able to use my money for whatever I want to use it for?  All 'mobile banking' services offered by companies will have greater than zero restrictions on what a person can do with their own money.  
Decentralized Bitcoin is the only internet money that has cash-like properties in practical terms.  Bitcoin is digital money you never have to argue with.
@_date: 2015-09-24 05:20:55
Antminer S3's and S5's are still available on ebay for relatively cheap.  I wish they had something with the S7's power efficiency available in the S5 price range.
@_date: 2015-04-15 11:33:28
There is no entity that controls the Bitcoin network the way you are implying.  The changes you describe can only happen by consensus of users and miners.  The developers cannot dictate changes like these the way a bank or a company can.
@_date: 2015-04-02 17:33:56
I agree that more ways to exchange bitcoins in and out of fiat is good.  
However, this statement:


...is not strictly true.  People can accept bitcoin in payment for goods or services, and retain the funds in Bitcoin.  This has the advantage of avoiding any onerous regulations around exchanging with fiat.  They also have the option of effectively trading electricity for bitcoins by participating in mining.
@_date: 2015-04-11 17:56:09
Agreed.  Any 'cashless' society would at the very least need a constitutional right to banking, otherwise lives could be arbitrarily destroyed by banks closing accounts on 'suspicion' alone (not proof of guilt), as currently happens.
More ideally, we would have a decentralized digital cash that worked independently of any bank or company and could not be arbitrarily 'frozen', confiscated or turned off by any third party.  
@_date: 2015-09-21 00:54:29
Satoshi publicly released the whitepaper and the Bitcoin software on the Cryptography mailing list.  It seems likely that there is crossover between the readers of the Cryptography mailing list and readers of Slashdot.
@_date: 2015-04-05 11:20:49
Bitcoin.org existed before the Bitcoin Foundation.
@_date: 2015-09-22 13:06:56


They can tell you not to do it and threaten consequences, but with Bitcoin they cannot exercise prior restraint on you by telling a central third party to turn off your money.  In the case of backpage.com and wikileaks, there was no legitimate legal threat.  There was simply censorship by centralized payment companies that could not have happened with decentralized Bitcoin.
I too await details in the AMA.  Hopefully 21 is doing the right thing.  
@_date: 2015-09-11 02:09:18
Yeah well, all during 2012 when Bitcoin was $5-10, $100 was considered delusional by the critics, let alone $235.  Yet here we are, up 20x since then.  
@_date: 2015-09-03 23:41:10
Gee guys, if only there was some way of reaching consensus in a decentralized manner...
@_date: 2015-09-03 13:58:22
CPU mining is obsolete at this stage.  If you want to mine, you can find Antminer S3's on ebay for less than $100.  
@_date: 2015-09-24 05:28:39
You are correct.  Currently, an S3 (for example) will mine you a million satoshi's in just a few days time.
@_date: 2015-09-24 01:21:33
1) Source code
2) bitcoin wiki (see sidebar)
3) bitcointalk.org
4) oreilly book "mastering bitcoin"
@_date: 2015-04-14 20:12:20
You're missing the point.  With dollars and trust based stock certificates, your money is under the control of the bank and can only move at the speed of the bank with the bank's permission.
With Bitcoin and (theoretical future) blockchain-based stock certificates, your money/property is under the total control of the user and can be transferred to any person or institution at will.
@_date: 2015-09-26 16:47:40
The banks think they will control all of the nodes, which would allow them to roll back the blockchain and stop any transactions they don't like.
@_date: 2015-09-21 12:28:40
The Raspberry Pi is not powerful enough to mine in modern times.  If you want to mine, you should be able to get an Antminer S3 on Ebay for less than $100.  With free power, as of today, it will mine you about $25 per month worth of bitcoin.  It will cost your parents about $25 to $50 in power depending on their electricity cost.
Be aware that the difficulty of mining fluctuates (usually upward on average about 2% per change this year) and the price of bitcoin could go up or down.
You can use the calculator [here]( to run your own numbers.  Happy mining!
@_date: 2015-04-30 22:20:49
Strictly speaking it would be better to close it if you're not using it.  That said leaving it open probably wont hurt anything.
@_date: 2015-09-24 01:08:49
You should be able to get Antminer S3s on ebay for less than $100 (power efficiency about 0.7 watts/gh)  Antminer S5s are somewhat more power efficient (0.5 watts/gh) but cost around $400.  Both are relatively modern as of today, although the new generation of ASICs is coming in at about 0.15-0.25 watts/gh so neither one is likely to ever break even.
If you're mining for fun, the S3 might be the way to go.
@_date: 2015-09-28 20:25:43
Informative article.  The challenges of scaling Bitcoin while keeping it decentralized are some of the more interesting in CS.  I hope we see some graduate thesis on this stuff.
@_date: 2015-09-20 12:24:23


No solution developed by and for banks can ever be a Bitcoin killer.  The Bitcoin killer app is a decentralized, public, permission-less ledger that any person in any country can use to transact if they choose to.  Placing a bank in control of a copycat system fundamentally alters the nature of the system.  That copycat system cannot be used by any person in any country at will.  The bank can deny users of the system the ability to send and receive their own money.  
No one can freeze anyone else's bitcoins, and no one can exclude anyone else from using Bitcoin.  No bank-centric system can ever have these properties.  That's why Bitcoin is so interesting.
@_date: 2015-09-05 13:47:04
They, the people of PR, do not have the option of paying the tax.  The service is disabled by Paypal so the people of PR do not have the option of sending money off of the island using Paypal, even if they think the 2% is worth it.
Conversely, Bitcoin allows anyone in PR (or anywhere else) to send money to any person in any country.  Whether any fees that may or may not be incurred are worth it or not is up to each transactor to decide.  Bitcoin is always an option to spend or send money in and out of every country, whether or not it is profitable for the banks and Paypals of the world to operate there. 
@_date: 2015-04-30 21:36:24
What's the solution for taxing cash?
@_date: 2015-09-11 12:04:11


It is insecure because someone else, the bank, can turn off your money.  Just like they can already do with a bank account.


Correct.  And the recordings are not immutable if a singe party can roll back the chain at will.  Which they can with a private blockchain.  No one can do this with the public Bitcoin blockchain.  The public participation in mining is what makes it immutable.  Private blockchains are no more immutable than the centralized ledgers the banks already have.


But in real life no one is stealing bitcoins except from centralized third parties like Mt Gox.  This proves my point, not yours.
Also, the network is not clogged.  It is working fine.  Even if it were clogged, a permissioned blockchain would not create an unclogged network with the functionality of Bitcoin.  All it would create is another Paypal, a network that only works in certain countries for certain people who get permission in advance.  Bitcoin works in every country for every person, because of the decentralized, un-permissioned blockchain.
@_date: 2015-09-24 00:57:46


Decentralization.  There is no one who can 'force a hard fork'.  Arresting the developers would not affect my copy of the blockchain.  You would have to go after each individual full node, including the ones outside your legal jurisdiction, and convince them to roll back.  Good luck with that.
@_date: 2015-04-30 12:51:33
This is another useful on-ramp but I think it's disingenuous for Circle to claim that dollars in an account have "all the benefits of digital currency".  This is simply not true.  Bitcoin held by a user is under the complete control of that user.  Dollars held in a Circle account are under the control of Circle and can only be withdrawn or converted with the permission of Circle.  In practice, users will not actually be able to send dollars "to anyone in the world".  Where will the dollars land if there is no bank account on the receiving end?  Not to mention entire countries will be excluded for all of the same reasons they are already excluded from the legacy banking system.  Native Bitcoin works for everyone on the internet, full stop.  Digital dollars do not, and by their nature cannot.
@_date: 2015-09-17 11:59:29




'Insured' Bitcoin businesses take note:  in case of an actual incident, your insurance company will use weasel words to try to screw you.  You should model specific hacking scenarios like this one to determine in advance and clarify in writing what you are and are not covered for.
@_date: 2015-09-11 00:52:13
Not according to the Citi quote:  "We tested.  Bitcoin works as advertised."
@_date: 2015-09-20 12:08:30
Lose it to whom?  There are no serious decentralized competitors. 
@_date: 2015-09-11 12:24:58
If the latest version of Core were 'compromised', there is a simple solution: don't upgrade to the latest version.  Keep on running the uncompromised version you are running today.  The Core devs cannot force anyone to upgrade.  Each miner and node operator decides what code he runs for himself.
@_date: 2015-09-22 19:20:47
What difference will that make?  The central third party will reserve the right to rollback their ledger, and their TOS will state that their copy of the ledger is the binding copy, any and all cryptographic proofs nothwithstanding.  Any node who doesn't agree to those terms will not be allowed to use the system in the first place.  
If a participant in the system can have their money frozen and has to sue to get it back, the situation is no different than today with centralized bank accounts and Paypal.  Cryptographic proof of a rollback doesn't change that.  If the central third party can declare *any* otherwise cryptographically sound transaction to be invalid, then it can declare *your* otherwise cryptographically sound transaction to be invalid.  If the cryptographic proofs that your transaction is sound can be ignored and overridden, then why can't the cryptographic proofs of the rollback be ignored and overridden?  "We had to do a rollback because the party who paid you said they never received the item", etc.
The system is either bounded by the math or it isn't.  If there is any party who can override the math at the expense of the other participants in the system then the result will be will be functionally indistinguishable from the bank account paradigm we already have.  Audit all you want, the users of the system still cannot trust that their own money cannot be frozen, reversed or seized by the central third party.  
@_date: 2015-09-22 12:19:48
Entries in a private blockchain can be deleted by the central third party.  They can rollback the blockchain on all of the nodes they control (which is all of the nodes, because it's private).
Private blockchains are not immutable.  Indeed, that is the reason the banks want them.  So they can control what transactions are allowed to occur, and rollback transactions that they disagree with.  
@_date: 2015-09-23 00:16:18


You will not get your money.  The central third party will simply claim they messed with the chain for some supposedly valid reason, exactly as they do now with Paypal accounts.  Since the bank is authorized to mess with the chain (that's why they are using a private blockchain, so they can mess with it), their version of the chain will trump your version of the chain.  "Sorry, you have received a transaction from a suspicious party.  Your funds are frozen for your own protection".  That cryptographic proof you are showing to the judge that the bank signed the block changes nothing.  Your funds are still frozen until you prove yourself innocent.


It doesn't matter what asset the ledger is tracking.  The central third party is in control of it.  This problem doesn't go away just because it's a stock transaction instead of a currency.
@_date: 2015-09-22 19:33:52
Cisco is an investor in 21.
@_date: 2015-09-22 12:47:39


All an iphone user has to do is have an email address and an itunes account and a credit card and live in certain countries and trust Apple with all of their personal information.  The services the user is allowed to subscribe to are under the full control of Apple and the credit card company.  Also every company in the itunes/email/credit card chain can turn off user access to their own money at any time.
The advantage to the end user of the Bitcoin blockchain is that Bitcoin can be use as money on the internet in every country for anything the user wants to use it for and no one can deny you permission to use your own money.  Centralized systems cannot provide this advantage.
@_date: 2015-04-09 10:44:48
Yes and no.  Banks can be users of Bitcoin, but they have to play by the same rules as any other user.  Bitcoin works for every person and every company, and this includes banks.
What they can't do is control the system, freeze other people's money, issue money at will, etc.  In Bitcoin, all users are peers, and a bank is a peer like any other, with no special privileges.  
@_date: 2015-09-22 12:15:37
The central third party cannot be effectively audited because the central third party has the sole authority to approve or reject nodes; the central third party can choose which ledger is legitimate, and they will always choose their own version of the ledger.  Any node with a dissenting copy of the ledger will be cut out of the network by the central third party.  If a transaction somehow occurs that the central third party does not like, the central third party will rollback the ledger on all of the nodes it controls, and any nodes who don't agree with the rollback will be denied access to the network by the central third party.
@_date: 2015-09-22 11:27:02


This is why permissioned blockchains can never replace or even compete with decentralized Bitcoin.  This guy gets it.
@_date: 2015-09-22 12:05:15
'Consensus', where consensus is between nodes who can be cut out of the 'consensus' by a central third party if the node disagrees with the 'consensus' dictated by the central third party
@_date: 2015-04-15 11:42:43


Wow.  So it's unreasonable for a person to want to be able to access his own money at will?  The reason you say that it's silly is because the reality of the existing system makes it inconvenient and you have come to accept the inconvenience as inevitable.  Bitcoin technology properly implemented changes that reality to make the formerly impractical practical.


You guarantee gains every year?  Now who's not being 100% honest.  But you do guarantee fees every year, correct?  
@_date: 2015-04-11 12:16:20
Insightful article by the director of the MIT media lab.  He is an angel investor and board member of both Creative Commons and Sony.
He remembers the early internet the way I remember it:


I think many people seem to forget that the value of the internet was not obvious to the 'average joes' of the world even in the mid to late nineties.  Appreciating the potential of the internet required out of the box thinking about a future different from the present.  


@_date: 2015-04-30 21:23:49
They can create a blokchain currency and call it USDcoin or whatever but it will not have the benefits of Bitcoin because:
The Bitcoin network is decentralized and works the same for all participants.  This means that anyone can read the source code, anyone can run a node, anyone can generate an address, anyone can receive a payment, anyone can send a payment, anyone can mine, it works in every country, and no one can stop anyone else from doing any of these things or using their own money for what they want to use it for.  Also no one can arbitrarily create Bitcoins at the expense of the rest of the users.
A dollar based coin would almost certainly not be open like this, because the individuals who create the coin do not want an open system anyone can use and participate in equally - they want a system they can control, meaning they can lock out people they don't like and/or stop people from spending money on things they don't like, just like they already do with banks.  The issuer of the USD blockchain would want the power to arbitrarily create more USDcoins with no constraints, just like the Federal Reserve already does with dollars.
So basically any USDcoin / blockchain would bear more resemblence to dollars in a bank account than it would to Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2015-09-22 13:33:51


What payment method will you use that is not tied to identity?  According to the regulatory trends, firms selling bitcoins will need to perform KYC, which means any other method of acquiring bitoins will suffer from all of the same inefficiencies as the current ways of buying bitcoins.  Payment methods for buying bitcoin require legacy banking infrastructure and identification, which means many people, even entire countries, will be excluded.  
Mining works the same way for every person in every country and there is no need to interface with legacy banking infrastructure.  That's the reason Satoshi chose it to be the Bitcoin distribution mechanism in the first place.
@_date: 2015-09-08 00:02:52
Because they do not understand that the decentralization that results from mass public participation is what gives a blockchain it's unique security and usefulness.  
@_date: 2015-09-08 11:03:48
You do if you, the user, want to be able to trade the assets you own without the centrally issuing party having the ability to stop your transaction. 
@_date: 2016-10-27 01:41:11


That is the mempool of Tradeblock's node.  Although we will have many of the same transactions in common, my node's mempool is not exactly the same.  For example, I may choose not to relay any transactions that don't contain a certain fee (arguably "spam").  Or I may choose to flush transactions that are past a certain age but have not been included in a block.  I could even refuse to accept new transactions relayed to me from certain IP addresses.  This is all up to me because it's my node.  
However none of those things that I might do to my mempool would effect transactions in the Tradeblock node's mempool.  And nothing Tradeblock does to their mempool would effect my node's mempool.  
@_date: 2015-04-02 13:44:09


If only there was a network that accepted everyone and didn't require a bank...


@_date: 2015-04-11 17:37:09
I think it's 9% of people who have used 'mobile payments'...
Still I can see scenarios where countries like Turkey would be fertile territory for Bitcoin use.  Geographically it's right at the intersection of many countries using many different currencies.  Goods flowing in and out of the Black Sea, etc.  Moving money in and out or Euros and Rubles and Lira and Hryvnia and middle eastern currencies has got to be high friction and expensive.  A internet payment solution that is legacy banking independent could be very useful provided people are willing to take the plunge.
Anecdotally I've seen a number of Bitcoin Wallet for Android and Wiper wallet connections to my Bitcoin nodes from countries in that region.  So there are users out there.  Poland is another one.  Not on the Euro itself, located between Euro countries and non-Euro countries... it makes sense that regions that have many different currencies in play would see the value of just one more that happens to be able to move over the internet regardless of banking infrastructure.
@_date: 2015-09-21 00:27:50
There was a Slashdot article on July 11, 2010:
But nothing precludes someone from mentioning Bitcoin earlier in the comments section
@_date: 2015-09-26 16:43:18
Install Bitcoin Wallet for android.  Receive bitcoin from sender.
Was that the process?  For some reason I'm guessing there was a lot of arbitrary identity related stuff in the process that had nothing to do with accepting bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-09-22 12:29:45
The FAQ claims they do not take a portion of the mining rewards:
@_date: 2015-09-21 11:49:48


Haha nice.  Compliance!
@_date: 2016-10-13 23:58:12
Bitcoin is not a company, not a product, and does not have customers. The 'experience' for a user is being in complete control of his own independently verifiable money, while retaining the ability to send money or receive money to or from any person in any country.
The first thing Steve Jobs would try to do to Bitcoin is control it, which can't be done without destroying all it's useful features.
@_date: 2015-09-23 12:29:14
Looks like they are using some of the Princeton class material:
@_date: 2016-10-30 13:16:35
Running 0.13.1 shows you support Segwit, however unless you are mining you don't really 'vote'.  
If you want to contribute to the voting, you could get an ASIC and use it to mine in a mining pool that is voting for Segwit.
@_date: 2015-09-08 11:08:04


This is the key IMO.  A centralized blockchain does not have the certainty of a decentralized blockchain.  A blockchain's historical certainty is directly proportional to it's level of decentralization.
@_date: 2015-09-05 13:39:05
Bananas cannot be sent over the internet...
@_date: 2015-09-23 12:55:47


The payer can change it.  
@_date: 2016-10-25 17:25:22
Sounds pretty cool, especially this part:


@_date: 2015-04-16 12:00:45
The Bitcoin network is not an entity.  It is made up of thousands of individuals who control their own nodes.  The developers cannot force any of these nodes to do what the developers want.  There is no auto-updating.  Node operators absolutely do care about their money.  That's why they are running a Bitcoin node - to keep the network decentralized and ensure that the scenario you imagine is not possible.
@_date: 2016-10-29 15:42:33
In the US, it's mostly the assertion by FINCEN that a business selling bitcoin is a 'money transmitter' and is therefore regulated by FINCEN.
IANAL but in my opinion, this classification is wrong and should be challenged in court.  A business that is selling bitcoin is not transmitting anyone else's money like Paypal or Western Union.  At no point does the bitcoin seller take custody of their customer's money for transport to a third party.  They simply take payment for property (bitcoins) they are selling.  This is clearly not money transmission, not banking or anything like it.
Hopefully Bitcoin ATM companies, Coincenter, or someone will eventually challenge this.  
@_date: 2016-10-30 22:24:14
Your point is valid but actually BTC went as high as $0.45 in 2010 according to the historical mtgox charts:
@_date: 2015-09-24 01:17:53
GPU mining will unfortunately get you nothing these days.  If you want to mine cheaply, pick up an Antminer S3 from ebay.  You should be able to snag one for about $100.  With free electricity, as of today's price and difficutly, it will earn you about $20-25 worth of bitcoin per month.  Of course price and difficulty can change at any time.  You can use the calculator at bitcoinwisdom.com to run your own numbers.
@_date: 2016-10-22 16:38:39
Bitcoin payments are not reversible by the sender.  Bitcoin works like cash.  Once you pay someone, the money is under their control - you don't have control of it any longer.  
The flip side is, no one can take back bitcoin that is sent to you either.  So an honest merchant accepting Bitcoin does not have to worry about fraudulent chargebacks.  With Bitcoin, your money is really yours.  There is no third party company (bank) that can take your coins without your permission.
@_date: 2016-10-30 14:35:47
Download and install Bitcoin Core, let it sync (which will take several hours).  Then purchase bitcoins using Coinbase, Circle or whoever. Once you purchase the bitcoin you can send it out from your Coinbase wallet to your Bitcoin Core wallet address.  You can store it there, and pay for your VPN from your Bitcoin Core wallet.  
EDIT:  Even though Bitcoin Core is a 'heavier' wallet in terms of resources, there is a good reason.  Only having the full blockchain allows you to not trust any third parties.  Using the Electrum wallet relies on Electrum servers, using Mycelium relies on Mycelium servers.  With Bitcoin Core wallet you verify the blockchain yourself - your are a full peer on the network.  For extra super bonus points, forward port 8333 on your router to make your full node connectable by other nodes and support the network.
Welcome to Bitcoin!
@_date: 2015-11-01 20:17:42
You said 'no transactions going thru'.  That never happened.
@_date: 2016-10-30 13:05:42


No, that is what scam coins do.  In Bitcoin we distribute coins based on decentralized proof of work mining that anyone can participate in without permission from a central issuer.
@_date: 2015-11-26 12:55:35
BIS = Bank of International Settlement


@_date: 2016-10-31 17:14:41
Or we could mine ourselves with hashpower we physically control and point at pools that support Segwit.  
You know, participate in Bitcoin's decentralized consensus mechanism.
@_date: 2015-11-01 20:02:22
This is why it is incredibly important for as many different individuals and businesses as possible to mine themselves with their own equipment that they physically control.  That is what differentiates Bitcoin from everything else that has ever existed before.
@_date: 2015-09-22 12:01:45
It is not possible to pay for something with bitcoin if you don't have any bitcoin.  Mining is the bitcoin distribution/acquisition mechanism.  It works for every person on the internet in every country and does not require any legacy banking infrastructure.  Specialized ASIC hardware is the most efficient way to mine bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-09-29 23:28:59
Bitcoin is a good payment mechanism.  The troubles of Bitcoins PayPal Show Why "Bitcoin's Paypal" is a silly idea.
Bitcoin doesn't need a Paypal between transactors.  Bitcoin allows individuals to send money (bitcoins) directly to each other with no middleman.  To understand the power of Bitcoin as a payment system you have to think of bitcoins themselves as the money.  Whether or not a person chooses to convert in and out of dollars all the time is his decision to make, but it has no bearing on whether or not Bitcoin works as a payment mechanism.
Bitcoin is not valuable because of convenience.  It is valuable because it allows any person in any country to transact with any other person in any other country, over the internet, without needing permission from any middleman.  No payment mechanism that uses dollars can ever do this.
@_date: 2015-09-05 15:50:54
You jest, but I'm going to explain why this is not the same thing anyway for the benefit of posterity.
Digital banana icons are not scarce, they can be created in infinite number for free.  Banana icons can be double-spent at will.  These are bad attributes for money.  
No one can double-spend bitcoins or create arbitrary amounts of bitcoins out of nothing.  This is because of proof of work and the decentralized, publicly accessible Bitcoin peer to peer network that anyone can join.  
Because the Bitcoin network is public and peer to peer with no gatekeepers, there is no one who can restrict citizens of a given country like Puerto Rico from sending their own money to anyone else in any country.
@_date: 2016-10-28 20:02:33
The article mentions that users must have an account with a wallet service.  So it doesn't look like the machine actually scans any address you give it.  It credits the BTC to your wallet service account.
@_date: 2015-09-11 02:04:06


This could not be less true.  Private companies cannot operate a blockchain as secure as Bitcoin.  A private company's blockchain security is based on trusting the company, just like users have to trust banks or Paypal now.  The company can turn off, freeze, or manipulate its own blockchain, screwing its users, exactly as they can freeze bank accounts now.  
No one can turn off Bitcoin.  That's the point of it.  There is no central point of failure.  Creating a blockchain in which only miners approved by a central third party can participate will not be more secure than Bitcoin.  That third party who decides which miners to allow is a biased central point of failure, defeating the purpose of having an impartial blockchain.  The processing power of decentralized miners is crucial to maintaining the security against any party manipulating the system for its own purposes at the expense of the users.
@_date: 2016-10-28 20:56:14
Cool, glad to hear it.  So can you just put in cash and receive coins to any wallet or do you have to sign up for something?
@_date: 2015-09-21 01:21:59
What differentiates Bitcoin from everything else is decentralization.
Because of decentralization, any person in any country can send or receive money to/from any other person in any other country, over the internet, at will, without requiring permission from any third party.  No one can stop your payment and no one can turn off your money.  It's because of these unique and useful features that a bitcoin has a market value of $230.
Any closed ('permissioned blockchain') crypto-currency is by nature centralized and would lose these unique and useful features.  A closed crypto-currency would only be valuable because of the promise of Walmart that it was backed by something.  Walmart could break its promise to redeem your Walbux for gold or dollars.  Walmart could freeze any balance you supposedly had with them.  Walmart could be forced to deny access to its system to people on a list.  Walmart could go out of business and take all your Walbux with it.
The system you are describing is basically a gift card.  The point of a blockchain is that it works without a central controlling party.
@_date: 2015-03-13 17:02:11
Transparent doesn't mean anything if a trusted third party can refuse to mine your payment, roll back the blockchain, or upgrade all of the centrally controlled mining nodes to run software that changes the rules to work differently than your smart contract assumed they would work.
@_date: 2015-11-01 19:38:30
Yes, that is understood.  In my example scenario the 'bad' transaction was in the most recent block.  However, the bank that owns it's own private blockchain can roll back as many blocks as they want in their private blockchain.  The second class nodes with read only public copies of the blockchain will be required to replace their copies of the original blockchain with the bank's modified copy of the new 'official' blockchain.  If the second class nodes refuse to rollback their copy of the blockchain, they will have their access to the private network revoked by the bank, and/or the bank will refuse to include transactions from those nodes in blocks.  There is nothing the second class nodes can do to force the bank to behave in any particular way with the bank's own private blockchain, because they cannot participate in any proof of work mechanism.  That is the reason the banks want a private blockchain instead of the public Bitcoin blockchain that treats all nodes equally.
@_date: 2015-11-07 01:07:59
Not really.  The price barely even doubled and did not break the record high.  Both 2013 rises broke record highs and went up over 10X.  2011 was 30X.
@_date: 2015-11-01 20:15:02


This is false.  Antminer and F2pool are public pools.  The hash power shown on the charts is not all 'controlled' by these pools.  The pools are made up of many small business and individual miners that are pointing their equipment at the mining pool.  If Antminer or F2pool misbehaves, these smaller miners can point away from Antminer of F2pool and at another pool (or solo mine) at any time.
@_date: 2016-10-19 23:28:23
Interesting.  Doesn't really answer the question, however.
@_date: 2015-11-26 12:34:50
Some individuals in the financial institutions are beginning to get it:


Great interview.
@_date: 2015-11-05 00:45:28
Adam Back invented Hashcash, which Bitcoin could not exist without.  Satoshi referenced Adam Back in the original Bitcoin whitepaper.  
@_date: 2016-10-30 20:47:02
They have now updated it to 0.13.1
@_date: 2015-11-28 15:00:37
Lawyers who specialize in Bitcoin do exist.  Patrick Murck, former counsel for the Bitcoin Foundation, for example.
Also 
I do not necessarily endorse any of these individuals, but they are real lawyers, FWIW.  I met Murck and Friedberg at San Jose 2013 and they seem to have as good of an understanding of the issues as anyone.
@_date: 2015-11-07 01:45:10


This is not true.  You only have the guarantees of the bank that endows the miners.  If the bank doesn't like you, they do not mine your transaction.  If an endowed miner mines a transaction the bank doesn't like, the bank will revoke its endowment of that miner.  Only those blessed by the bank can transact on a permissioned blockchain.  Such a system does not have the guarantees of Bitcoin, which any person can chose to use without permission.  
@_date: 2015-11-13 11:55:37


This will not be worth much in practice.  The bank will simply assert that they cheated for a good reason, just like they do now when they freeze banks accounts.  The other parties who can see the ledger will not be able to do anything about it except complain.  The controlling bank will assert that they are the owners of their blockchain and have the right to decide which copy of the blockchain is the officially correct copy.  The other parties will have no choice but to accept this or sue.  Either way, their money can be frozen by the centrally controlling bank at any time.


This is not likely to be true in practice.  The banks will impose all of the same AML/KYC and regulation induced bottlenecks on permissioned blockchains that slow down today's bank accounts.  The banks will have to pay to integrate with all of the other banks who are building their own private blockchains.  They will still have to deal with being regulated and audited by the same government agencies in all of the different countries the bank wants to operate in.
@_date: 2015-11-27 17:07:26
The way full node count is measured has changed since the 100k number.  Originally, all full nodes were counted, whether they were connectable via port 8333 or not.  Bitnodes now only counts nodes that are connectable, ie the user has configured their firewall to forward port 8333.
@_date: 2016-05-30 23:58:43
No, they don't.  That is not what control means.  Core Devs have no control over the software other people run on their nodes.  Core Devs cannot prevent anyone from running Classic, and they cannot force anyone to run Core.  If the majority really wanted Classic, there would be more Classic nodes and miners.  Node operators and miners are running Core because they have chosen to do so.
@_date: 2015-11-29 23:21:25


@_date: 2015-11-21 13:45:47
Very interesting article.  Contains details about the investigation into Wachovia.  
The whistleblower's conclusion:


@_date: 2017-05-04 16:26:54
It does not affect how Bitcoin works in any way.  He can only dump his coins once, in which case there will be plentiful cheap coins for the rest of us to snap up.  Bitcoin will continue to work exactly as before.  Satoshi cannot permanently damage Bitcoin in any way.  It's been bigger than him for at least six years now.  The system works without him or any other center.  That's what's so interesting about it.  
@_date: 2017-05-10 11:29:08
Bitcoin is for us all, but it is not realistic to expect something of value to be free.
Fees do not make Bitcoin like the banks.  For a bank account, you need permission from the bank, and you need to give the bank control of your money while they transmit it to the person you are sending to.  
With Bitcoin, anyone from any country can transact without permission and they never have to give control of their money to a third party to do so.  The ability to do this quickly is well worth a small fee.  
If a user truly cannot afford the fee, he can still send the transaction with no fee attached, it will just take longer to complete.
@_date: 2015-11-02 11:32:39
Many things are plausible.  I have seen many assertions, but no evidence presented that proves how much hash power Antiminer or Spondoolies physically control.
No so long ago, individuals were asserting that Ghash 'controlled' almost 50% of the network.  Obviously, this assertion was incorrect.  
@_date: 2015-11-04 00:43:44
Exactly.  Unlike the other payment methods mentioned, Bitcoin works the same way for every person in every country on the internet.  An internet standards body like W3C recognizing this might be the biggest news yet.
@_date: 2017-05-08 23:29:19
Great article.


This.  Moving to an altcoin to avoid scaling issues is nonsensical.  The only reason the altcoin does not have scaling issues is because almost no one is actually using the altcoin to transact.  If people start using it, they will face the same tradeoffs as Bitcoin if they want to scale up.  There is no such thing as a decentralized permissionless cryptocurrency that can give everyone infinite free transactions forever.  
There is a reason Bitcoin's price is highest and a reason Bitcoin blocks are full.  It's because Bitcoin is the most secure, most reliable decentralized permissionless blockchain, and a confirmation on the Bitcoin blockchain is worth far more than a confirmation on any other blockchain.
@_date: 2017-05-04 11:38:00
Bitpay is writing the software, probably because Bitmain doesn't have the security expertise.   How is replacing bad software with more secure software a contradiction?  Would you prefer that Bitmain leave the existing bad software in place?
The software is open source.  Bitpay is not going to write software with a backdoor.  Even if they tried, it would be discoverable by any auditor because it is open source.
@_date: 2015-10-29 00:06:07
A blockchain is not immutable if one party (bank) controls all of the nodes and can alter them at will.  The reason the Bitcoin blockchain is immutable is because no central party controls all of the nodes.
@_date: 2017-05-03 00:08:17
No, not according to the above linked interview:
"Pair clarified that BitPay would definitely like to work with the improvements offered by SegWit, and they also plan to integrate the Lightning Network once that technology is more mature."
@_date: 2016-05-05 11:30:23
Please stop enabling these attention whores.
Why would Satoshi try so hard to stay secret for years and years, and they suddenly try REALLY HARD to make people think he/they were Satoshi but REFUSE TO PROVIDE THE SIMPLEST MOST OBVIOUS EVIDENCE? 
Meanwhile, Bitcoin continues to work just fine without Satoshi.  
@_date: 2015-11-05 11:19:23
True, but I submit that no one really understands Bitcoin in an economic sense as of yet, certainly not economists.  
What we do know is that Bitcoin's utility derives from its mining decentralization.  Larger blocks eliminate potential miners.  Dr. Back is trying to protect the unique property of Bitcoin that differentiates it from everything that has existed before and makes permissionless transactions possible.  A million transactions per second is pointless if there is only one huge industrial miner.  Without mining decentralization, we are right back to the permissioned paradigm of Paypal and banks.
@_date: 2016-05-24 01:19:58
It's not altruism, it's self defense. You mine to prevent anyone else from gaining a mining majority and compromising the integrity of the system that allows you to own and control your own digital money.  Mining is your own little slice of the balance of power.
Hundreds of thousands of dollars are not required.  Say you picked up a used S3 ($70 on ebay). You spend $30 a month on electricity pointing your miner at Eligius or whoever.  The world doesn't end because you have a day job.  You sacrifice one evening of beer and wings per month to help secure the Bitcoin blockchain to ensure that it's available for you to use when you want to use it.
If everyone did this, there would be no need to fear any pool operator.  People talk about GPU mining like it was more decentralized, while ignoring the fact that self contained ASICs are cheaper now than building a GPU rig ever was.
If people choose to leave mining to the experts or refuse to do it unless they profit directly, they are giving up their power to influence the system.  It's only by participating in mining that you can prevent other miners from cheating or throwing their weight around.  Decentralized mining is the foundation on which all the benefits of Bitcoin are built.  Therefore, in my opinion, it makes sense for users to mine to protect the decentralization that protects our own money.
@_date: 2015-03-23 11:57:00


How will you prevent access to 'your' network?  If access to your network is based on trusting someone who can allow and disallow access, that network is not trustless.  The trusted entity that controls access to the network will become the target of the attackers.  Instead of attacking the node that holds the database, they will attack the trusted authority who holds the keys to the access control and override mechanism.
The Bitcoin blockchain has no kill switch and no override mechanism.  That's what is so interesting about it.  The system you describe still requires a trusted party: you.
@_date: 2015-03-11 03:29:06
These are the actual [fees]( currently charged to receive a Youtube tip:
Country 	Approximate fee per Transaction
Australia 	AUD $0.23 + 5%
Japan 	JPY 22 + 5%
Mexico 	MXN $2.70 + 5%
United States 	USD $0.21 + 5%
And it is only available in those countries.  
@_date: 2015-03-18 11:30:10
It has nothing to do with what kind of company Facebook is or whether they deserve credit.  The point of the Bitcoin protocol is that it works everywhere the internet reaches the same way for everyone in every country.  Facebook cannot do this, because Facebook is going to run into all of the same problems that every other bank based solution runs into.  The money is constrained by the relationships of the banks, the speed of the banks, the costs of the banks, and the profit incentive of the banks.  Also, Facebook can arbitrarily deny users the ability to transact on it's system, and it will be forced to do this by the various governments and compliance departments of the world.
When a US Facebook payment user tries to send money to a hypothetical future African Facebook payment user, what's actually going to happen under the covers is some kind of bank wire.  This cannot be much cheaper or faster than existing remittance solutions because it is exactly the same thing as existing remittance solutions.
Internet.org is good, but Bitcoin is more than a web interface to a bank account.  Bitcoin is money that lives on the internet, that is controlled by the user, that can be sent to any user in any country at will, and does not depend on any bank, company or middleman.  
If the folks at internet.org really want to help individuals in the remotest parts of the world, they should promote digital money that works everywhere for everyone, like the internet that they champion.  They should not promote the use of money that can be turned off by some bureaucrat who lives halfway around the world and is pressured by laws that the African user never had the opportunity to vote for and should not be bound by because he he lives in a totally different country.  Bitcoin is not about the companies who deserve 'credit'.  Bitcoin is about the users.
@_date: 2016-05-31 11:48:15
The news is relevant because it illustrates one of the major benefits of Bitcoin over bank based payment methods - Bitcoin allows any person in any country to receive and send money without the cooperation of any company.  Some people don't think understand why permissionless digital money is important.  Events like this illustrate why.
@_date: 2016-05-16 11:42:30
The uniquely interesting thing about the Bitcoin blockchain token is that it is not an IOU for something else.  The market values it because of its unique properties, i.e. independent mathematical verifiability without relying on the word of a central party.  
What exactly is a 'communally administered' blockchain?  Do I need permission to participate in this?  Can anyone mine transactions in this blockchain?  If not, then it is no more secure than a centrally controlled database.  What exactly gives my property deed legitimacy, but not say, the property deed of a scammer?  It can't be mathematics, since property deeds cannot be mined.  So someone has to decide whether the specific digitial signatures on these property deeds are legit, which follows that they can also decide that they are not legit.  If a judge disagrees with this blockchain, the blockchain loses.  This blockchain cannot be immutable, because the judge has to have the authority to change it, even if the mathematics disagree.  So what is the advantage over a database?  
@_date: 2015-11-25 22:47:43
Everyone, including Visa, can be part of the Bitcoin community by mining, running nodes, and contributing to development of software.  Of course, the live Bitcoin network will not change unless there is run time consensus that it should change. 
@_date: 2015-11-28 12:28:48
For those unaware, anyone can already donate directly to Tor relay operators who have posted a Bitcoin address in their relay contact info at 
@_date: 2016-10-30 13:13:26
If your client has more than 8 connections, it means other nodes are connecting to you via port 8333 which means your port is open.
@_date: 2015-03-15 18:36:21
There are several ways to get Bitcoin that do not require bank accounts.  They are:
Sell a good or provide a service and accept Bitcoin in payment.
Meet someone in person via localbitcoin, mycelium trader, bitcoin meetup, or your personal social network.  Hand them cash, they send you Bitcoin.
Use a Bitcoin ATM if there is one near you.
Mine bitcoin yourself.
My expectation/hope is that two way BTMs will slowly proliferate as more individuals realize the utility of having digital cash that can be sent to any person at will.  It won't happen overnight but the process is already in motion.
@_date: 2015-11-13 12:04:39
Average Joe cares about fantasy sports right?








@_date: 2015-03-19 13:52:41
That's exactly what I thought when I read this.  I find this encouraging and not really that surprising.
I do however find the focus on developer personalities to be non-productive.  Brilliant people often have difficult personalities.  Bitcoin works because of publicly verifiable math, not personalities.
@_date: 2015-03-25 12:45:03
That number is effected by short term variance.  A better estimate is about 370 petahashes.
@_date: 2015-11-01 19:47:06


Except that never happened.  Transactions that included appropriate fees (still miniscule when compared to Paypal) went through just fine, even at the height of the stress tests.
@_date: 2017-05-03 00:06:07
Misleading title.  Bitpay does not oppose Segwit and they do not support BU.  Your link  states:
"Pair clarified that BitPay would definitely like to work with the improvements offered by SegWit, and they also plan to integrate the Lightning Network once that technology is more mature."
The work with Bitmain appears to be about mining pool software.  According the link  medium article "BitPay has a long tradition of servicing the most significant companies in blockchain mining hardware".  This doesn't appear to have anything to do with the forking debate.  Other rational people (like Greg Maxwell) oppose UASF but not Segwit.
@_date: 2016-05-11 23:21:52
If you want to be anonymous then you clearly cannot use any card with your name on it.  Your choices are: buy in person with cash, provide a good or service and get paid directly in bitcoin, or mine bitcoin yourself.
@_date: 2016-05-13 23:39:03
The 81 million dollars withdrawn cannot be reversed either.
@_date: 2017-05-21 12:30:46
Not decentralized.  These are the guys who can agree to take away your name or shutdown the system if anything happens that they don't like:
















Also since it runs on the ethereum network, it can only be as stable as ethereum and its underlying blockchain.  This is no more reliable than the DAO was supposed to be.
@_date: 2015-11-13 01:28:02
Trade bitcoins in person for cash in hand, instead of involving a bank.  It's the only way to be sure. 
@_date: 2016-05-30 15:54:34
They were forks that node operators and miners declined to run.  Core Devs do not control what software node operators and miners use.  Classic and XT were not just rejected by Core Devs. They were rejected by Bitcoin network consensus.
@_date: 2016-05-10 17:36:11
That's why I'm mining myself with hardware I control, and encouraging everyone else who thinks Bitcoin is valuable to do the same thing.
Even in it's present state, the Bitcoin network is more decentralized and harder to attack and co-opt than any payment network controlled by a company could possibly ever be.
@_date: 2015-10-30 00:39:22


The block generation process will not be disabled.  Your ad hominem attacks will not change that.  None of my points were addressed in your article except with sweeping generalizations, most of which are highly unlikely to ever occur.


So you start out with bad assumptions.  Your entire thesis is destroyed if these assumptions are wrong.  It is obvious that if bitcoin is useful, demand will increase and therefore both transaction fees and exchange rate will increase in the long term, as they already have in the short term.  We watched the exchange rate increase both leading up to and following the first block reward halving.  


Demonstrably false, as I explained by way of mining history.  Miners do not instantly shut off their mining rigs en masse the moment they become unprofitable.  Yet your mining heart attack thesis assumes they will.  Miners do not have to be profitable.  Yet your thesis assumes that they do.


So you assume their will be a currency crisis because there is a difficulty drop?  Because there's never been any uncertainty before?  Did miners all shut off following the 2011 price crash?  The april 2013 price crash?  The December 2013 price crash?  No, no and no.


Straight up 2011 level trolling.
In conclusion, there will be no mining heart attack.  You seem like you should be smart enough to know this.  Therefore: concern trolling clickbait.
@_date: 2016-05-16 11:11:50
Bitcoin (including the blockchain) was never meant to suit the needs of banks.  The blockchain was invented to protect the users from abuses by the banks (central third parties).  'Adapting' a permissionless, decentralized blockchain by removing the permissionless and decentralized part to give control to banks is nonsensical.  It will not increase usability for users (since the bank can deny you service and will not work for every person in every country) and it will not increase efficiency for banks (because blockchains are slow and expensive).  They already have databases that require permission and trusting a central third party.
@_date: 2017-05-03 23:32:49
Hating on Bitpay is just plain stupid.  They have been probably the single most correct Bitcoin business there is.  They have contributed development, created open source block explorers, multisig wallets, etc.  
Nowhere do they say they oppose Segwit, nowhere do they say they support BU.  Pair specifically says ["BitPay would definitely like to work with the improvements offered by SegWit"](  
Bitmain is apparently paying Bitpay to write open source mining pool software that contributes to the Bitcoin ecosystem.  There is no reason to be up in arms about this.
@_date: 2017-05-12 12:16:48
Anyone including yourself is free to start mining and include zero fee transactions in the blocks you mine instead of transactions that have higher fees.
If you are not willing to do that, then why would you expect anyone else to?
@_date: 2015-10-18 01:33:36
Spot on
@_date: 2015-03-19 11:46:07
What he means is that any exchange website that needs to talk to a fiat bank account cannot be decentralized because of the nature of fiat bank accounts.
Decentralized exchange of Bitcoins for cash takes place all the time, via local meetups and BTMs.  The way forward, in my opinion, is to distribute BTMs as widely as possible to facilitate two way cash/BTC conversion.  
Someone wrote an article a while back about a conceptual BTM that could be programmed to adjust its pricing based on the inventory of cash and BTC that it and other local BTMs contained to reflect supply and demand of the local market.  These BTMs could communicate price information to BTMs in other cities, countries, etc.  Interesting idea and I hope someone builds it.
EDIT:  [Found the article](  Written by Justus Ranvier.  
@_date: 2016-05-22 22:14:55
All of these things were said before the first halving in 2012:
[Will Bitcoin fail when the block reward drops to 25BTC?](
Spoiler alert: Nope
@_date: 2016-05-22 12:46:34
What you are asking for is instructions on tax evasion.
Your problem is not a problem.  Open an account on an exchange, deposit your bitcoin, sell your bitcoin for dollars, report the transaction to the IRS as a capital gain on Schedule D, pay your taxes out of the profit.
@_date: 2015-10-31 11:43:05
Any face to face exchange for cash, goods or services.
@_date: 2016-05-10 11:40:39
The reason Apple Pay, Samsung Pay, Google Pay or whatever are all struggling is because they are not that interesting.  They are all just wrappers around credit cards and bank accounts, and they come with all of the limitations of same.
None of them allow any person or business in any country to send money to any other person or business in any other country, at will, without permission from any third party.  None of them give a person control over his own independently verifiable digital money.  They all come with the same hassles of having to prove your identity to somebody else who controls your money before you can use your own money.  
@_date: 2016-05-16 23:41:07
Yep.  Almost half of all Classic nodes and the majority of them running on Amazon:
@_date: 2017-05-18 22:50:48
I want Segwit to activate too but it seems to me that risking a chain split is a bad idea for all the same reasons a contentious hardfork is a bad idea.
The transition is likely to be very confusing for users, businesses and investors.  No one is going to be confident enough to spend or accept coins.  The assertion that the 'economic majority' will unilaterally support the UASF has not been proven and probably cannot be proven, since there is no objective definition of economic majority in the first place.
Specifically, the assumption that all exchanges will support UASF seems to contradict what some exchanges have said, which is that in the event of a chain split they would support trading both coins.  There would be no clear winner signal from the 'economic majority'.  This is likely to be a nightmare for market confidence (and price) for both forks.
Much safer to keep supporting the Bitcoin of today until there is provable wide consensus for a change.  Bitcoin of today is functional and the price is at record highs.  The Bitcoin network is reliable.  Let's keep it that way.  More / faster transactions cannot make up for an unreliable network or an unreliable blockchain.
@_date: 2015-03-24 12:53:16
Rapid growth is not 'impossible'.  As of right now today, the 1MB block size limits the number of transactions in a block, but that limit is not being hit.  This limit can be raised if there is consensus among users of Bitcoin.  There are ongoing discussions about the details of such a change and what its intended and unintended consequences might be.  Bitcoin is an ongoing experiment and there are varying viewpoints about the best way forward.  Gavin Andresen addresses some of the issues here:
Short answer:  The Bitcoin network does not support as many transactions as Visa or Mastercard as of today.  However, there is good reason to believe that it will support many more transactions per second as future upgrades are made.  It is possible for the Bitcoin network to scale up transaction capacity.  It is *not* possible for credit cards or banks to adopt the benefits of the decentralized Bitcoin network that works impartially for every person in every country.
@_date: 2015-03-02 21:25:30
The problem is with dollar conversion, not Bitcoin.
The right way to use Bitcoin is to hold bitcoin, beforehand, in a wallet you control.  Once you have it, you can spend your bitcoin anywhere you want, any time you want.
This whole hiding Bitcoin between multiple banks thing is not the way to go.  That's like typing a letter on a typewriter, scanning it, emailing the scanned doc, and then printing out the received email.  You might be using email, but your kind of missing the point of it.  The communication is the important thing, not the paper.
Bitcoin is not a system to move dollars.  Bitcoin is the money.  The sooner people get comfortable with that idea, the sooner they will benefit from the features of internet money.
@_date: 2016-05-02 10:06:00
This should be the top comment
@_date: 2016-10-26 17:46:16
There is no "the mempool".  Each full node has it's own distinct mempool.  A miner who finds a block can include transactions in that block or not as he wishes.  So no, there is nothing about a node's mempool that forces blocks that node mines to be a full 1MB.
@_date: 2016-05-23 23:21:49
This is the actual question and the actual answer:




It sounds much less confrontational the way he actually said it.  He wants unactiviated hard fork code included in the Core scalability roadmap.  It sounds like he will run Segwit once the unactivated code is included.  
As always, miners who disagree can point their hash power at another pool. 
@_date: 2015-03-17 21:49:55
Bitcoin can be easily integrated into any app.  See the Wiper messaging app.  Unlike this debit card based solution, bitcoin can be sent by any person in any country using any app.  This Facebook mechanism will only work for people with US bank accounts and debit cards.  If and when it is offered in other countries, it is unlikely to be free for international payments since it will be using the same legacy banking rails as every other non-bitcoin solution.
@_date: 2016-05-25 16:45:14
I noticed this phenomenon as well.  This is what had to say about it a few days ago:
Short answer, it probably doesn't hurt anything but you may want to block them anyway.  I did.
@_date: 2015-10-29 01:29:36


...and therefore the network will not collapse.


Yeah I heard that in 2011 after the 2011 'bubble'.  The critics said miners would not be profitable since the price dropped and the network would collapse.  Did not occur.  
I also heard that in 2012 before the block reward halving.  The critics said miners would be unprofitable and all shut down, and the network would collapse.  Did not occur.  Still mining three years later, profitably for the vast majority of the time.  Even if my revenue were to drop drastically, it would be irrelevant since I do not need to be profitable.  The Bitcoin network is not going to collapse because the Bitcoin network is useful for using money on the internet without a central third party.  That's why the critics were wrong in the past and that's why you're wrong now.
@_date: 2015-10-29 03:26:17
The point is that a private blockchain does not "keep all the other benefits of permissionless transactions" that the comment asserts it does.  Private blockchains do not provide the benefits of the Bitcoin blockchain.
@_date: 2015-11-13 01:14:02
Money in a bank account can be frozen or seized with a phone call to the bank.
Money held in a bitcoin wallet to which you and only you control the private keys cannot be frozen or seized in this way, because there is no bank.  In order to seize your bitcoin, a government would need to physically gain control of your bitcoin private key, assuming they knew you had one.  Or more.
@_date: 2015-11-17 02:20:59
The Black Swan by Nassim Taleb
@_date: 2016-05-04 22:52:06
TIL the Governor of Delaware was at Consensus 2016 and seems to be serious about welcoming blockchain companies 
@_date: 2015-10-28 23:57:47


Right.  And we already have the Bitcoin blockchain, which works the same way for every person, organization or bank on the planet.  
@_date: 2017-05-24 17:10:22
A POW change does not solve the problem.  Well capitalized miners with cheap electricity would simply move to the new POW.  Assuming the Bitcoin price didn't crash because of the contentious network split that would result.
@_date: 2015-03-23 11:43:28


Incorrect.  From the perspective of the users, the network is 100% attacked out of the box by the central entity that controls all of the nodes.  At any time the central entity can automatically perform all of the manipulation that a 51% attacker could attempt on the Bitcoin network, but otherwise no party can perform on the Bitcoin network.


....according to the word of the central third party who has control of all of the nodes and can invalidate any transaction at will.  What if the central third party decides the money the other side has used to pay you is 'suspicious'?  The central party stops the payment by refusing to sign the block, and neither the payer nor you has the money in any practical sense.  Any user of the system would have to assume that all of their money in the system could be frozen or revoked at any time.  Any mathematical verification of the funds that can be vetoed by a central third party is therefore worthless.  This situation is no different than a bank account.


Who would prevent me from mining on this major bank network?  A central third party that is in control.  You cannot have a decentralized network to which access is controlled by a centralized party.  The centralized party retains effective control of the network by only allowing access to the network to nodes that agree with it, and blacklisting anyone who disagrees.  They would retain the ability to stop transactions by pressuring the nodes who can be arbitrarily disconnected from the network by the central party.
All of your scenarios assume the banking system is trusted.  None of your scenarios protect the users of the system from the bank or a government that can pressure the bank.  The whole point of a blockchain is to create an alternative to that model based on impartial mathematics.  Entire populations of countries cannot trust their own banking system, and they cannot trust foreign banks either.  Bitcoin's decentralized blockchain works the same way for every person in every country.  Trying to tame the blockchain for the benefit of the banks at the expense of the users is a solution only the banks will love.  To everyone else, it will have all of the drawbacks of the existing banking system.  It will not be much cheaper or faster than existing systems, because the bank will be in the middle slowing everything down with compliance and taking their cut for the privilege.


That is exactly why we have a decentralized blockchain based on verifiable mathematics and consensus of peers that works the same way for every person in every country and cannot be manipulated by any third party.  The whole point of a blockchain is that you don't need a bank.
@_date: 2016-05-30 15:22:23
Fun fact, this is about the same amount of time between June 2011 crash and March 2013 surpassing previous high
@_date: 2015-03-22 12:21:21


This defeats the purpose of a blockchain.  The point of a blockchain is to allow disparate parties that do not trust each other to come to a consensus about transactions in a manner that can be trusted by all of the participants.  No participant can dictate rule changes or stop transactions.
If a corporation can approve or deny nodes, then it can deny any nodes that disagree with itself and thereby control consensus.  It can update the software on all of it's approved nodes to arbitrarily change the rules in its favor.  It can deny any transactions that it disagrees with.  It can create money at will.
The blockchain was invented to make this kind of single party manipulation impossible.  
@_date: 2015-10-29 00:00:57


This is not better for the users.  Transactions cannot be permissionless if the bank is the only miner and can refuse to mine the transactions.  Users will not be able to send money to any person in any country.  All the same restrictions banks impose now will be imposed on any blockchain they build.
@_date: 2015-10-08 12:14:34
Agreed.  I am not at the site to give them information.  I am at the sign to *get* information.  A user should never have to sign up before they can learn about the service.  Creating accounts is the least fun thing about the internet.  Why would I do it if I don't even know what I'm signing up for?
Another thing I hate: Content-less home pages with huge stock photo backgrounds and a "Learn more!" button.  Why are you making me click again?  I'm already here!  Why do you think I'm here in the first place?  /rant
@_date: 2015-10-29 03:20:32


I was referring to your 'mining heart attack' clickbait title.  The mining network is not going to collapse.


No I don't necessarily agree, unless you are speaking of a very temporary time frame.  Market conditions are dynamic.  Once the difficulty adjusts and/or the price rises, miners like me can be profitable again.
Of course revenue will *temporarily* drop at the halving.  But you are failing to take into account the reaction of the thousands of disparate market participants following the halving.  Each of these market participants has their own motivations, risk thresholds, budgets, future price expectations, external concerns, etc.  They will not shut down in unison.  I know this because I've watched them confound the critics by not shutting down, even during price crashes, for the last four years.
The immediate effect following the block reward halving in 2012 was that mining revenue was cut in half.  In reaction, some of the miners, presumably unprofitable ones, turned off.   Because of this, difficulty dropped about 14%.  Because of the difficulty drop, I returned to profitability.  None of the critics predicted miners returning to profitability.  Note that 86% of the miners/mining power kept right on mining.  Some of them were profitable, maybe some of them weren't.   At the very next difficulty adjustment, difficulty rose about 9%.  Why?  Because with the newly lowered difficulty following the halving, prospective miners like myself were running numbers and realizing that mining was now more profitable for them, therefore they powered on rigs.  The network did not collapse.
Meanwhile, a couple months later, the bitcoin price started rising.  The reason the price rose is because demand was rising, and demand was rising because more people were realizing that Bitcoin is useful for using money on the internet without a central third party. Because Bitcoin is useful, the price went up.  Because the price went up, mining became more profitable.  Because mining became more profitable, more miners started mining.  The network did not collapse, instead it grew larger.  Critics did not foresee the price rise because critics did not understand that Bitcoin is useful.  Critics did not foresee miners continuing to mine, even potentially at a loss, because critics did not understand that Bitcoin is useful.  
In my experience, mining only becomes unprofitable for short periods.  Before long, either the price rises or the difficulty drops as some miners shut down.  Mining becomes slightly profitable again, so miners stop shutting down.  The cycle continues.  
Any attempt to understand the mining dynamic must include the realization that Bitcoin is uniquely useful.  The ability for peers to transact in a mathematically transparent and verifiable way without a central third party is valued by the market.  This drives the price, the price drives mining, future price expectations drive mining, ideals drive mining.  If you believe that Bitcoin is useful, it follows that there will always be a market for transactions to be processed.  If you do not believe that Bitcoin is useful, then mining's failure to collapse will always be a mystery to you.
@_date: 2016-05-04 11:11:14
He's trying to compare Bitcoin to a bank.  Bitcoin is not a bank or a company and is not meant to approximate one.


A bitcoin is indeed a claim on nothing at all, in the exact same way that a silver coin is a claim on nothing at all.  The silver is valuable because the physical properties that it has cause people to agree that it is useful as physical money.   Bitcoin is valuable because the mathematical properties that it has cause people to agree that it is useful as digital money.   Bitcoin is independently mathematically (cryptographically) verifiable by anyone who wants to verify it.  Therefore bitcoins can be sent from any person in any country to any other person in any other country over the internet without requiring a trusted bank or company in the middle.  Because of this, people value bitcoins.  A bitcoin is not a claim something else.  A bitcoin is the money.
@_date: 2015-03-02 14:12:39
Ken Hess is a small part of the video.  It's a good discussion / interview with Erik Voorhees in which he addresses many of the objections of the article Ken Hess wrote.
@_date: 2015-03-09 19:15:12
The reason bitcoins would be better is obvious.  Bitcoins can be sent over the internet directly to the wifi router owner without a merchant processor, and it works in every country by means of transparent protocols without the need for identity verification.  Bitcoin could be used by captive portal software to allow a access to a wifi device based on the receipt of payment to a given address.  
@_date: 2015-03-23 20:57:12
Not necessarily.  Look how many people complained recently when Microsoft stopped supporting Windows XP.
The participants in the Bitcoin network understand that money is at stake and we understand the risk of a new version containing malicious code.  Hypothetical malicious code would have a very good chance of being discovered before it ever made it to a release version, since the entire development process is public and openly accessible on github.  Bitcoin is free and open source software so any programmer can review the code.
Even if a malicious update somehow made it past everyone and got into the release version, the effect would be mitigated by the fact that not everyone updates right away.  For example, currently over 60% of the listening Bitcoin nodes have not upgraded to the latest x.10 version yet [link](  Worst case scenario, even if every node did upgrade to the latest trojaned version, the moment it was discovered the independent node operators would nuke their compromised nodes and roll back to running an older, non-compromised version of the software.  They would thereafter be even more conscious of code review in the future.  Any suggestion that the developers of Bitcoin Core somehow control the network of decentralized nodes is incorrect.
@_date: 2015-03-17 00:03:33
They are turning yuan, money that cannot be sent to any country over the internet, into bitcoins, money that *can* be sent to any country over the internet. 
@_date: 2016-05-28 13:49:16
There is no such thing as guaranteed profit.  You can attempt to take advantage of price differences on exchanges, it's called arbitrage.  It's harder than you think.  To see why, try it.
@_date: 2015-10-29 01:16:56
There is no million dollar tab.  It doesn't cost a lot of money to mine.  I am mining right now at break even with a couple of paid off three hundred dollar ASiCs and 70 dollars worth of electricity.  I don't necessarily have to be profitable because I have an unrelated day job.  If large mining farms shut down, miners like me will become profitable again.  There is no reason to ever stop mining.  As long as Bitcoin is useful, there will always be those willing to mine.  
@_date: 2016-10-30 13:29:17
IANAL but that's not exactly true.  The term is 'prior art'.  If Party A is seeking a patent claiming they invented X, but Party B can point to a record in the Blockchain that shows they actually invented X two years earlier, Party A will not be awarded the patent because the thing they are claiming to event already exists.
@_date: 2017-05-21 23:44:42


Christ.  I'm calling it.  This whole UASF thing, if it happens, is going to end in tears.  
There is no 'the markets'.  There is no 'economic majority'.  There are *many individual actors* and they are all very confused right now, and they should be, since it is very unclear how this all is going to play out.  There is no provable way to measure in advance what the individual actors who make up the markets will support.
What if, for example, US exchanges claim to support UASF but exchanges in China don't?  A mining majority continues mining on *the original chain* and Chinese exchanges keep marketing that chain as Bitcoin.  Chinese exchanges do not accept transactions on the Segwit chain.  Who is the economic majority now?  Do the market participants really believe that the UASF chain split is the 'real' Bitcoin, when the non-segwit chain is literally the original chain, with more hashpower?  US exchanges do not have the authority to declare one chain Bitcoin or not Bitcoin, do they?  
What if some exchanges list both coins as some have said they will do? Which one gets listed as Bitcoin?  Or what if BU miners choose to fork to 4MB at the same time?  Now market participants and their capital will have to choose between two chains that claim to have scaling benefits, neither of which is the original chain following the original rules of Bitcoin.  Do we believe that the chain with the highest price is the 'real' Bitcoin even if it's not the chain we expect?  Am I really the only one who sees what a disaster this controversial chain split could be?  This is some altcoin level shit.  Bitcoin is supposed to be the stable, reliable one.
If 'the market' really overwhelmingly wanted Segwit like all of the non-disaster models seem to assume, we would have it already.  Like it or not Segwit is controversial.  Why are we suddenly pretending it isn't?  If only 35% of miners currently signal for Segwit, why do we believe there will be greater than 50% for UASF?  Why are the UASF supporters afraid to address any scenario other than the best case scenario?  Has anyone even considered what could happen if the 'economic majority' does not fall in line?
There is no way I'm running this until I see a flowchart that includes all the scenarios, not just the wildly optimistic ones, and explains convincingly how none of them end with invalidated transactions or two different coins even if there is an even split in 'the markets'. 
@_date: 2015-10-31 01:18:28
There is no practical difference between an old block and a new block if the central controlling entity has the final call on what blocks will be allowed to remain in the blockchain.
If someone accidentally pays an alleged terrorist in an 'old' block, the bank will roll back that block and replace it with a new block.  They will have the authority to do so.  The reason banks want their own private blockchain is so that the bank can control transactions.  Old blocks are not safe in a private blockchain.
@_date: 2015-10-30 00:56:19
A loss of credibility does not change the fact that the private blockchain is not immutable.  What will you do if your block producer bank alters history in a way that moves or freezes your money?    Even if the bank loses credibility as you assert, that doesn't really help you.  The other participants with their public copies of the blockchain cannot help you either.  You will have to sue the bank to get your money back, just like you would with a bank account now.  The bank will claim they had a valid reason to alter history (he received a payment from an alleged terrorist, your honor; the sender of the money said you never sent the item; we had to seize the deed to his property because of eminent domain; etc), and the burden will be on you to prove the bank wrong.  In the meantime, your money is frozen.  Private blockchains are not immutable.  
@_date: 2016-05-24 22:47:15


It's like Bitcoin is decentralized or something
@_date: 2016-05-25 11:08:07


This is the deal breaker for me.  No matter how interesting it sounds, anything that is centralized enough for a leader to say 'we might switch to POS' is not something I would consider putting money in.  The very definition of what Ethereum is could change at any time, and any Ethereum user or investor could be caught on the wrong side of it.
@_date: 2016-05-11 11:40:45
Yes.  Their system will be vulnerable to the same attacks the current banking system is vulnerable to.  Insider attack, arbitrary rule changes, political / racial / religious biases of the central controlling parties, etc etc.
@_date: 2016-05-21 20:39:53
Confirmed.  I have banned many of these same IPs in the last few days.  They create multiple connections per IP, usually four.  Saw over 40 of these at one time. 
@_date: 2016-05-12 17:34:14
Semantics.  What if the first and second participant disagree about the third participant?  Is there a bias that allows the first participant to disconnect the second participant from the network and do whatever he wants?  
If there are three participants and the second and third disagree with the first, there are only two possible scenarios: one, the first participant imposes his will via his creator override because 'it's my blockchain', or two, the first participant allows himself to be outvoted.  Do you really believe that a bank/company or group of companies who have invested in a permissioned blockchain are going to allow themselves to be outvoted and have their control taken away from them, including the possibility they could be disconnected from their own network by the other participants? Maybe they will, but I think it is far more likely they will build in a creator override, which negates the benefits a blockchain would otherwise have.  That's why they want their own.  So they can control it.  
The only consensus in a permissioned blockchain is the consensus that the entity granting the permission allows.  It is no more a consensus than a king ordering his subjects to vote for him would be a consensus.
@_date: 2016-05-10 23:49:48
I like Ver but he's wrong about this.  You can build centralized platforms on top a decentralized Bitcoin, but you cannot build a decentralized platform on top of a centralized one.  We already have Paypal, nothing necessarily wrong with that. But Bitcoin is all about decentralized, open source and permissionless.  Without those properties it loses the ability to do what Bitcoin does and cannot be money for all people in the world.  If it became centralized like Paypal it would become subject to all the limitations and handicaps that Paypal is subject to.
@_date: 2016-05-13 23:48:59
I don't know the answer but I know that BitPagos and Bitpay both have offices in Argentina.  They might be good place to start researching.
@_date: 2015-03-17 21:54:55
Bitcoin transactions are instant with confirmation in 10 minutes.  Also, works in every country for every person on the internet.
@_date: 2016-05-02 22:23:54
Unless Satoshi had multiple machines...
@_date: 2016-05-24 02:36:38
In the tragedy of the commons, cows eat free grass until there is no more grass.  There is no such outcome in mining.
In mining, amateurs mine and pay for it from their income from an unrelated day job.  This money would otherwise be called 'discretionary' and is commonly wasted on all kinds of unnecessary consumer nonsense.  There is no tragedy possible because the amateur doesn't depend on mining income and will not go broke from mining expenses.  He is not a business, he is a person with a hobby.  At no point is there any common resource depleted like in the tragedy of the commons.
A mining farm operator, however, does need to be profitable or he goes out of business.  Amateur miners can lose money mining and keep mining.  Large mining farms can't.  If amateurs keep mining, the only tragedy is for the large miners who can't compete with amateurs whose mining is subsidized by their day jobs.  There is no tragedy.  Quite the opposite - Bitcoin remains decentralized and large miners are less profitable, if at all.  
The only other outcome is amateurs stop mining, Bitcoin becomes centralized by large mining farms and loses all of its valuable properties.  That would be the real tragedy for all (former) users of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-05-30 13:38:04
Some miners are always trying to convince others that mining isn't profitable.
@_date: 2016-05-19 10:57:51
If you want to ensure you are only sending Tor traffic and not Bitcoin traffic in the clear, you could set up a packet capture on your internet router using tcpdump.  If you see traffic on tcp port 8333 you are accessing the Bitcoin network in the clear.  If your Tor proxy settings are correct you should see only traffic to Tor relays.
@_date: 2015-03-08 21:09:06
Actually there are billions of people who do not use banks.  Banking is not 'accessible for anybody'.  There are billions of people locked out of the banking system because of where they live, lack of documentation, or other arbitrary reasons.  Bitcoin is open to anybody who wants to use it.  No one has the power to lock anyone else out of the system.
@_date: 2016-05-11 11:55:18
Dollars only adopted the internet. Bitcoin was born there. - Bane
@_date: 2016-05-24 00:06:23
As many who care about the future of a decentralized permissionless money system in which large mining farms cannot dictate policy.
@_date: 2015-03-25 13:02:27
New Scientist: How Bitcoin Works
The Guardian:  Bitcoin Explained
Also, see the sidebar for lots of good info.
@_date: 2016-05-28 12:48:30
We don't know the future, but we do know what happened after the first halving:  Almost nothing.  
The difficulty dropped about 12 percent (not immediately).  The price barely budged.  Now you could argue that the rough price doubling in the six months or so leading up to the halving was because of the impending halving, but there is no way to prove that, and no way to disprove that.  You could argue that the price rise that started in early 2013, months after the halving, was a result of the halving.  But there is likewise no way to prove or disprove that.  So the short answer is nobody knows what is going to happen.  It will probably be boring.
@_date: 2015-03-23 12:44:04
None of the listed developers can force the individuals running Bitcoin nodes to use the open source software they push to the git repository.
The software running on the thousands of Bitcoin nodes is controlled by the individuals running the nodes.  The developers have no power to change Bitcoin by forcing anyone to upgrade to the latest version.
@_date: 2015-03-13 17:04:32
IBMcoin will not have all the best parts of Bitcoin.  The best parts of Bitcoin are:
No one can arbitrarily create money
Money can be sent from any person in any country, to any person in any country, in any amount, practically instantly and practically free without requiring permission from any third party.  
IBMcoin will not have any of these benefits.
@_date: 2016-05-02 08:47:12
If he was really Satoshi and wanted to prove it, there is no reason he would not sign multiple arbitrary messages publicly.  Or his name and the date.  It's the easiest thing in the world using BitcoinCore.  There is no reason to make it complicated except to obfuscate.
This guy is a scammer.  He's trying to convince people he is Satoshi so that he can influence the block size debate and/or and charge exorbitant consulting fees.
@_date: 2017-05-04 16:18:22
They cannot patent anything that is already used by Bitcoin because of Prior Art, unless they can prove they invented it first, which they obviously cannot.
@_date: 2016-05-25 16:30:57
Blockstream does not 'decide everything'. They write code, they post it to a website.  If I don't like the code they write, I don't run it.  
The Classic authors also wrote code.  80% of the nodes on the network didn't like it so they didn't run it.  The current 1MB block size is not a decision made by Blockstream.  It is the run time consensus of the nodes and miners who make up the decentralized Bitcoin network.
@_date: 2016-05-19 11:19:04
Informative article with more details than I've seen elsewhere.  Worth a read.
@_date: 2016-05-30 14:51:42
'Free' electricity gives you a huge advantage over other miners, don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
[This]( is probably the best miner currently available.  It is mostly plug and play but you will need a separate power supply.
You can use the mining calculator [here]( to run numbers.  The average difficulty adjustment in 2016 has been ~7%.  Don't forget the block reward halving will happen sometime in July.  
If I had electricity included in my rent I would definitely do it.  Happy mining!
@_date: 2017-05-24 11:43:02
Everyone who cares about Bitcoin's cypherpunk roots should be participating in Bitcoin's consensus mechanism by mining themselves with hardware they physically control and running and transacting with their own full node.
If everyone participates in the existing system as designed there is no oligarchy that can control it.  It's only because many 'users' give up their voice by refusing to mine that we are in this situation.
@_date: 2016-05-10 11:25:12
The difference is that Liberty Reserve was a company.  Bitcoin is not a company.  A company can be shut down with legal action against that company.  There is no Bitcoin company to prosecute.  Bitcoin is an open source peer to peer network that anyone can participate in without permission from any central party.
The owner of the Liberty Reserve company was in complete control of Liberty Reserve, and he could be forced to shut it down.  There is no such 'owner' of Bitcoin.  The only way to shut down Bitcoin would be to shut down every single one of the thousands of peer to peer nodes around the world.  And you would also have to prevent any new ones from appearing.  So no, Bitcoin and Liberty Reserve do not have similar features.
Money can be used for any purpose the holder of the money wants to use it for.  A dollar can be used to buy drugs or to feed starving children.  Bitcoin works the same way.
@_date: 2016-05-08 12:23:59
This does not mean that they can randomly go after people running Tor.  This is for cases like the one where the FBI placed exploit code on a hidden service that they previously compromised, in order to force users visiting the site to send their real IP/MAC addresses to the FBI.  (That particular exploit only worked on older unpatched versions of Tor Browser running on Windows.)
If they go to a judge and ask for a warrant to 'search' the computer of a visitor to a dark market site, for example, they couldn't get it because they didn't know in what jurisdiction the visitor's computer, hidden by Tor, was physically located.  Now, they can try to run exploits against the visitor of the site even though the jurisdiction of the visitor's computer is not known.
@_date: 2016-05-15 21:46:09
If it requires legal enforceability a blockchain is redundant.  The point of a blockchain is that it removes the need for third party enforcers.  You either have the token or you don't.  If you have the token but a legal entity still has to 'enforce' that you receive your property, the token is no different than any other IOU - it's just a promise to pay that can be broken.  If the entity that owes you the property in exchange for the token goes bankrupt, you're out of luck.  If the legal environment changes, you're out of luck.  The dollar was legally redeemable for gold, right up until the moment that it wasn't.  
@_date: 2015-03-05 13:11:19
Longer video lets Chris Dixon elaborate further:
I would like to see the entire interview but I haven't yet located it.
@_date: 2016-05-23 11:16:26
Actually it took decades.  Email was invented in the 1960's.
@_date: 2016-05-24 22:29:37
They physically grabbed the laptop out of his hands while it was unencrypted and he was logged in to the Silk Road admin account that had access to the wallet.  From there they could move the coins.
@_date: 2016-05-13 00:36:42
Good question.  What ever happened to that super efficient miner that Bitfury was supposed to be shipping three months ago?
@_date: 2015-10-18 22:20:11
Bank blockchains cannot offer the service Bitcoin offers at any price.  Bitcoin works for every person in every country without permission from any central third party.  Banks can never offer this service because a bank by it's very nature is a central third party that can stop your transaction or discriminate against you based on your name, your geography, your credit score, or whatever arbitrary criteria they dream up.  Bitcoin works the same way for every person on the internet.
@_date: 2015-10-31 01:33:13
Well said!
@_date: 2017-05-04 11:48:40
**Example 0 - It does not matter who Satoshi is.**
Bitcoin works regardless of the identity of its creator.  Its code and workings are completely transparent and independently mathematically verifiable. All peers, including the creator, are equal.  The identity of the creator is completely irrelevant.
@_date: 2016-05-28 13:55:52
This is an important issue.  Your Bitcoin is only as secure as your wallet device.  Always keep offline backups of your Bitcoin wallet.  Consider using open source software that cannot easily hide proprietary backdoors.
@_date: 2015-03-09 19:08:50
Namecoin already does this.
@_date: 2015-03-13 21:44:39
Because credit cards and Paypal do not work for every person in every country, and are dependent on the availability of, and permission from, centralized companies and the legacy banking system.  Conversely, internet standards like HTTP are built on transparent protocols that work the same for everyone on the internet.  HTTP works the same way for a person in Ukraine, Argentina, or China, and so does Bitcoin.  All payment systems controlled by companies will be necessarily handicapped by their ties to the banking system, and also limited by the policies of whatever political jurisdiction they must operate in.  Bitcoin behaves in a consistent way no matter a person's geographic location or citizenship.  Bitcoin works the way the internet works.  With Bitcoin, any person on the internet has the right and the ability to transact.
@_date: 2017-05-10 01:11:46
To understand why Bitcoin is valuable, you have to understand a little about the history of money and why money is valuable in general.
For most of recorded history, gold and silver were the primary money.  They were chosen to be money because of certain physical properties that they have.  
No one decides that gold is gold.   Gold is gold because it has the properties of gold.  It has a certain color, a certain density, it reacts to heat in a certain way, it reacts to different chemicals a certain way, when you drop it on a table it makes a certain sound, etc.  No matter what country you are in, no matter who the king is, gold is still gold.  No one can decide that your gold is not gold any more.  No one can make gold out of nothing, not even the king.  If you move from one country to the other, you always know your gold is going to be valuable in that country too.
In other words, gold is independently verifiable.  Any person can verify that gold is gold by examining its physical properties.  It is not valuable because the king says it's valuable, it's valuable because people choose to value it.  They choose to value it because it is independently verifiable, easily divisible into smaller amounts, scarce, difficult to counterfeit, and fungible (one ounce of gold is equal to any other ounce of gold).  Plus, everyone seems to just want it, because it's shiny.  All of these properties combine to make gold useful as money, i.e. a store of value and a transaction medium.  
Eventually, carrying around a lot of gold became impractical so banks were created to store the gold for safekeeping.  The banks would issue bank notes, which was literally a note saying that the bank would give you back X amount of gold in return for the note.  Since the bank would pay X amount of gold to anyone who had the note, people could trade the notes with each other and leave the gold in the bank.  
The downside to the banknote is that unlike gold, the note is not valued in itself.  It is just an IOU for the valuable thing, the gold.  Banknotes can be easily counterfeited.  An unscrupulous bank might issue more notes than it actually had in gold, making it vulnerable to a run on the bank.  In fact, there was nothing really preventing a bank from making as many notes as it wanted out of nothing.  A holder of the note had to trust the bank to actually give him his gold back when he presented the note.  He had to trust that the bank would not go out of business or get robbed. 
Eventually most governments took over the job of creating bank notes.  The notes were still supposedly redeemable for gold.  But (in the US) by 1971 President Nixon 'temporarily' suspended dollar redemption for gold, and basically asserted that it was the paper IOU itself that the government could make out of nothing that had the value, and not the gold.  
The problem with paper money is that is lacks some of the properties that make money valuable.  It is not scarce, since it can be made 'out of nothing' in infinite amounts, leading to inflation.  It much easier to counterfeit than gold, leading to inflation.  It's not universally valued like gold - paper money is generally only good in the locality of the government that issued it (reserve currencies like the US dollar are the exceptions).
In the last 40 years or so, we have moved another step away from even the paper.  Today, 90% of dollars exist only on computers, by which I mean the banks' computers.  Most of the money you or I have is literally just a number in the bank's computer.  Our dollars do NOT live on our own computers and we cannot control them without the permission of the bank.  The dollars in your bank account are not scarce, because the central bank can issue as many as they want.   They are not independently verifiable by you or I.  The dollars exist in the bank account if the bank says they do.  The bank can literally turn off your digital dollars at any time.  
Bitcoin is fundamentally different from digital dollars.  Bitcoin is not valued because a government tells you you have to use it.  Bitcoin is not an IOU for something else that is valuable.  Bitcoin is valued by individuals who recognize that Bitcoin's unique properties make it useful as digital money.  
As you have already noted, Bitcoin is easily divisible into smaller amounts.  Bitcoin is scarce - no one can make arbitrary amounts of Bitcoins out of nothing.  Bitcoins can only be created by performing Work (mining) and even then only in a set amount on a set schedule.  The person who performs this Work must prove they did the work, mathematically.  If they cannot prove it, they cannot create Bitcoins.  It doesn't matter who the person is.  Any person in any country can mine bitcoins, as long as they can prove they did the Work (this is called Proof Of Work mining or POW).  The mathematical POW that the miner presents is stored in a ledger called the blockchain.  Anyone can check the blockchain to verify that the bitcoins were created by following the rules defined in the software that participants in the network agree to.  This makes bitcoins independently verifiable by anyone running the Bitcoin software.  Anyone in any country can run the software, you do not need permission.  The way the software works is public - everyone can see what it does (and does not do).
With Bitcoin, for the first time in history, we have scarce, easily divisible, difficult to counterfeit, independently verifiable digital money.  Like gold, no one can make bitcoins out of nothing.  Like gold, Bitcoins have value because the market chooses to value them, not because of the decree of some king.  There is no bank or company that can turn off your bitcoins.  Unlike gold, you can use your bitcoins on the internet.  You can be in complete control your bitcoins own on your own computer, not someone else's computer.
Once you have bitcoins you can send your money to any person in any country over the internet at will.  You do not need permission from any bank or company.  Bitcoin makes money work over the internet like any other internet protocol.  Bitcoin does not know or care what country you are from or what your name is.  Like math or air, Bitcoin works the same way for everyone.  This makes Bitcoin reliable in a way that money that depends on your name or your bank account or your country of residence can never be.  The price of Bitcoin reflects this.
TLDR Bitcoin is the first scarce, independently verifiable digital money in history.  Anyone in any country can use Bitcoin without permission and be in complete control of their own money.
@_date: 2015-10-31 12:11:52
Worth a watch.  Szabo explains very simply what the purpose of a blockchain is: to eliminate the need to trust strangers with your assets.
@_date: 2015-10-28 09:58:25
A public blockchain is like a democracy where every citizen has an equal vote.
A private blockchain is a like a 'democracy' in which a king tells all his citizens who they have to vote for. 
From the perspective of the citizens, a private democracy is indistinguishable from a dictatorship.  It would not have 'all the benefits of democracy'.  
@_date: 2016-05-13 23:36:25
This was not exploited, so it does not count as a hack.  It was a bug discovered by a researcher who reported it and helped patch it.  
@_date: 2016-05-02 22:39:56
Not just CME, but also:


@_date: 2015-03-10 17:32:49
Namecoin has it's own blockchain that can be simultaneously mined with the Bitcoin blockchain (this is referred to as 'merged mining').  The namecoin blockchain records ownership of .bit domain names. Only the owner of the domain can transfer the name - there is no central authority like ICANN who can 'sieze' a domain name without the permission of the owner.
@_date: 2017-05-20 12:12:28
If 2013 is any indicator, it would crash the altcoins even harder.  
Lots of articles would be written about how Bitcoin is dead, again, as if the price were still not much higher than a year ago and as if Bitcoin didn't work exactly the same way as the day before.
People who days earlier payed $2000 for a coin would suddenly not want to pay $1500 for a coin, but wouldn't be able to explain why.  Lots of speculators who didn't understand Bitcoin in the first place would sell and lose money.  They would blame Bitcoin instead of themselves.
Long time holders would yawn and keep doing exactly what we've been doing, which is holding and using Bitcoin.
Bitcoin itself would continue to function exactly as it has for the last eight years, as the world's most reliable decentralized permissionless independently verifiable digital money network.
@_date: 2015-02-08 12:53:51
What does it train people to do?  Send SMS messages to a bank to ask them to pretty please move their own money that is under the full control of the bank?
It does not teach people to control their own digital money on the internet with which they can transact with any other person at will.  This is no different from Paypal or ApplePay.  It does not teach anyone anything important about Bitcoin.
Calling bank accounts accessed by mobile phone 'digital currency' is like putting tires on a horse and calling it a car.  There is no engine.  It cannot do what an automobile does.  
@_date: 2016-05-24 22:30:35
The FBI is no longer in possession of the bitcoins.  They sold them via auctions months later.
@_date: 2017-05-21 11:42:07
Yes, if a smart contract that is useful for anything in real life is ever demonstrated.  So far, nada.
@_date: 2015-03-22 12:29:30
Yes.  A MicrosoftCoin would be p0wned out of the box, by Microsoft.  The whole point of Bitcoin and the blockchain is that *no single party has control of it*.  No single party can arbitrarily alter the money supply, no single party can freeze money, no single party can stop transactions, no single party can lock any other party out of the network.
Any corporate/government coin not controlling network access faces the possibility of a 51% attack.  Any coin that does control network access loses the benefits of the decentralized blockchain.
@_date: 2015-03-02 18:45:22
Bitcoin: Violating All the Rules of Finance Since 2009
@_date: 2015-10-10 11:55:58
Good article. From a few months ago, but definitely worth a read.  
@_date: 2015-02-16 12:58:59
A government controlled digital currency can never compete with Bitcoin, because Bitcoin is decentralized and a government issued coin would not be.
That means any person from any country can use Bitcoin to transact with any other person in any other country, in any amount, at will, and neither of them need permission from anyone.  Both of them can trust that their money is mathematically sound and cannot be easily stopped or confiscated by an unfriendly 'authority'.
Any decentralized currency could be stolen if a person does not maintain control of their private keys.  The only way to prevent this would be to take control of the user's money away from the user and give control to some central authority instead.  That is already the way banks work today.  But if banks control the money, they can prevent people from transacting, freeze funds, etc.  This is the problem Bitcoin was invented to solve.


You don't.  But you do know that the Bitcoin network is orders of magnitude more secure than the litecoin network.  You know there are many more users of Bitcoin.  You know that there are many more merchants accepting Bitcoin.  You know that there are many more developers, entrepreneurs and venture capitalists working on Bitcoin and building products around Bitcoin.  You know Bitcoin has the longest history of secure operation and the biggest, most decentralized network.  You know that Bitcoin is still the only decentralized digital currency to gain any traction, even though people have been asking this same question about theoretical competing digital currencies for at least four years now.
@_date: 2015-03-18 13:00:29
According to this it looks like 'now':
@_date: 2016-05-10 22:59:50
Blockchain.info is one of many companies that offer the service of hosting online Bitcoin wallets.  They do not control Bitcoin.  Other similar companies are Coinbase, Bitpay, etc.  They do not control Bitcoin either.
Bitcoin proper is the Bitcoin Core open source software running the peer to peer network maintained by many individuals and companies.  Anyone can run the software and join the network without permission from anyone else.
@_date: 2015-10-10 11:06:55
Intersects with 'imitators'
@_date: 2016-05-31 11:42:10
Finally!  The whole second half of the season when they're talking about banks and money and credit my brain is screaming Bitcoin... how can a hacker of this caliber not be fascinated by cryptographically verifiable money that lives on the internet without requiring a bank?!  
P.S. I freaking love this show
@_date: 2017-05-09 12:11:36
No better alternative to Bitcoin exists.  Altcoins are straight up Bitcoin rip-offs - they are made of the same materials.  The assertion that altcoins can scale better than Bitcoin is fallacious.  The only reason their networks are not congested is because they are not actually used for anything, and/or they are not decentralized and permissionless.  Altcoins would face the same scaling tradeoffs as Bitcoin, if they ever actually became used.  Changing the name of the blockchain does not magically give it free infinite transactions per second.
@_date: 2015-02-27 19:36:40
Bitcoins can be bought in person with cash from any individual who has them.  These individuals can be met via localbitcoins.com, mycelium local trader, or your local bitcoin meetup.  The advantage of this method is that it works in every country and you don't have to trust a third party with your personal information.
Any online purchase method requires interaction with the legacy banking system and inherits the speed and risks of the legacy banking system.  That said in my experience using a credit card to buy via Circle works quickly and well.
@_date: 2015-02-15 12:38:10
All these security problems prove that the dollar can never work.
@_date: 2016-05-29 11:14:04
@_date: 2015-02-16 13:21:32


If you assume that, then you have to assume every piece of open source and proprietary software ever is also backdoored.


Define.  Why would you trust whoever is doing the formal verification if you don't trust the public code that anyone can read, and hackers have billions of dollars worth of incentive to crack every day?  Anyone can read the code - you can pay an expert to audit it for you right now.  He will then tell you that he cannot find any backdoor.  Will you believe him, or will you continue to speculate about obfuscated code that 'might be possible'?  No one can prove that a backdoor does not exist in any software.  
@_date: 2017-05-04 12:20:43
If and when that code is produced it will be evaluated on its merits and not on the identity of its authors.  As of now its just words and vaporware.  
No one has the ability to force nodes to run software that node operators don't want to run.  No one has the ability to prevent anyone from mining or running a node.  Even if the real Satoshi appeared, he could not force me or anyone else to run or not run any new software.  He could not force me to accept payment in a token that I do not value.
I feel like this lesson has been demonstrated several times but people are still not learning it.  A couple of years ago people kept asserting that Gavin 'controlled' Bitcoin because he was lead dev.  But then he started pushing 20MB blocks and nobody went for it.  Then Core 'controlled' Bitcoin, and released Segwit but it hasn't been activated.  I think the Bitcoin network is sufficiently careful with our money at this point not to blindly adopt software without careful vetting.  
Developers can only write code, they cannot force the network nodes and miners to run it.  They cannot force peers to accept bullshit.  That's why it's so important that we all run nodes and mine.  We are peers in this network - it is not a cult of personality or rule by the devs / miners / exchanges / whoever.  If recent history is any indicator, it seems that changes can only happen when there is true consensus, which means that (so far) the experiment has been a success.
@_date: 2016-05-10 17:38:21
Those companies are not Bitcoin.  I send and receive bitcoin without going through any company.
@_date: 2016-05-02 11:50:43
Message Verified!
EDIT: Doh! Reddit reformatted the double space after my period.  Obviously I am Satoshi.  It should verify now.
Honey Badger Don't Care Who Satoshi Is!  Pluribusblanks May 2nd, 2016
@_date: 2016-05-23 23:27:29
It's really not as dramatic as all that.
This is the actual question and the actual answer:




It sounds much less confrontational the way he actually said it. He wants unactiviated hard fork code included in the Core scalability roadmap. It sounds like he will run Segwit once the unactivated code is included.
As always, any miners who disagree can point their hash power at another pool.
@_date: 2015-02-06 12:59:48


Microsoft, Amazon, and Facebook will never agree to use a coin 51% controlled by Google, and vice versa.  There is no advantage for them to do so.  They are all going to want 'their own' coin.  GoogleCoin is either 51% controlled by Google, or decentralized.  If it is controlled by Google, it cannot be trusted by Amazon and Microsoft and they will not use it.  If it is decentralized, it has no advantage over the already decentralized Bitcoin.  Amazon does not care what Google accepts in the play store.  According to your logic every company would create their own coin that they accept for their own products.  Each coin would need it's own miners.  Each company would end up being the 51% miners of their own coin.  None of these coins would be decentralized and they would not have the advantages of decentralized Bitcoin.
Bitcoin's disparate miners and users from countries around the world are never going to switch to a GoogleCoin that is 51% pwned out of the box.  There is no advantage to do so.  Google Play acceptance is nowhere near enough incentive.  Such a coin would be no more useful than Amazon gift cards already are.
Google cannot 51% attack Bitcoin at will.  If they could, and they deemed it valuable to do so, then Amazon, Facebook, Microsoft, Exxon, China, and everyone else who has any money and resources would do the exact same analysis and try the same thing.  The result would be that none of these competing entities would achieve 51%, because they are all miners competing with each other for a slice of the finite pie, just like miners today but with larger numbers.  Your assertion that Google or any company can topple the Bitcoin network at will is not based on reality.  If it was, it would have already happened.   
@_date: 2016-05-22 12:49:19
They can do that with a private blockchain too.  The 'Authorization nodes' that are all in league with each other just all need to agree to freeze or invalidate the transaction.  That's the difference between a private blockchain and a decentralized blockchain.
@_date: 2016-05-24 10:21:43


This would go a long way I think.  I hope companies like 21 and Bitfury are able to deliver on their statements about releasing low cost mining devices.
@_date: 2015-03-17 21:45:50
You need the permission and cooperation of the banks on both ends, which if you are in China sending money out of China, may not be forthcoming.  Bitcoin does not require anyone's permission and does not require any bank.  It works over the internet like any other internet protocol.
@_date: 2017-05-21 12:15:11


That does not follow.  Security and speed are not the same, in fact in most cases they are at odds. Bitcoin is no different.  
Altcoin 'instant confirmations' are not as secure as a Bitcoin confirmation.  What is an altcoin transaction confirmed by?  A handful of altcoin nodes, the majority of which are probably run by the guy who created the coin.  Can the altcoin network be relied upon to not orphan that instant 'confirmation'?  Can the altcoin network be relied upon to not have an unintentional chain fork or consensus failure?  Is the altcoin blockchain (including the block your 'confirmation' is in) going to be rolled back because something unexpected happened?  Does the altcoin network have a history of running bug free?  For how long?  
Now that your altcoin transaction is 'confirmed',  what can you do with it?  In most cases nothing, except trade it for Bitcoin.  So in practical terms you will have to wait for a Bitcoin transaction to confirm before you can use your money for anything anyway.
A confirmation on the Bitcoin network takes time because the Bitcoin network is the most reliable, most valued blockchain network.  That's the reason so many people are using it for transactions which is why some transactions have to wait.  A confirmation in the Bitcoin blockchain is far more reliable than a confirmation in any other blockchain, and therefore far more valuable.
Switching to an altcoin would not solve scaling issues.  If people actually started to use the altcoin to transact, the altcoin would face the exact same scaling issues as Bitcoin.  The difference would be that the altcoin network would have a shorter and less reliable history that the Bitcoin network, so a confirmation on the altcoin blockchain would still not be as reliable as a confirmation on the Bitcoin network.
@_date: 2016-05-30 17:18:08
Two S3s use about 725 Watts, so only a 750W power supply might be pushing it.  Generally you only want to load your PSU about 80%.  I'm using a single 850TX without problems.  
@_date: 2015-02-27 13:12:10
This is why no imitation product offered by any company or government can ever have 'all the benefits of Bitcoin'.  
Because they all will have kill switches controlled by the kind of people who turn off services under pressure.  No one can turn off Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-15 13:00:18
Wire transfers to a different, potentially foreign bank are not as easy to reverse.   You are dealing with multiple centralized ledgers controlled by different parties.  You need to notice the theft, investigate, reach out to the receiving bank, prove it to their satisfaction, etc, all before the cash is withdrawn. 
@_date: 2015-10-25 23:43:25
They are the largest *private* mining pool.  Antminer and DiscusFish/F2pool are public pools.  Anyone can mine at Antminer or DiscusFish.  Contrary to what is sometimes asserted, Antminer and DiscusFish do not 'control' all of the hash power that is currently pointed at their pools.  There are individual miners and smaller mining companies that help make up their total hashpower.  If Antminer or F2Pool misbehaves, individual miners can remove their hashpower from those pools and point it at another pool, or solo mine.  
Bitfury, on the other hand, owns and runs all of the equipment that makes up their private pool.
@_date: 2016-05-10 17:44:02
They why haven't they done it?
If one government thinks Bitcoin is worth attacking/ co-opting, then other governments will also.  They will compete with each other for mining power, exactly as mining pools do now.  None will gain a majority because it is in the interest of all the other governments and miners to not allow any others to gain a majority.  
@_date: 2016-05-24 22:33:46
This is exactly how a permissioned blockchain would work
@_date: 2015-02-07 19:14:48
Some short videos that do a pretty good job of explaining why Bitcoin is different and interesting:
Explanation from New Scientist: 
Explanation from The Guardian: 
Explanation from We Use Coins: 
@_date: 2015-02-09 16:57:05
You can't wait until they announce the bail-in.  It will be too late then to get your money out of the bank.  
You either wire money to an exchange via SEPA or whatever, or you purchase bitcoins in person with cash/gold/silver.
@_date: 2015-02-18 13:13:16
Centralized projects can be nixed by the central authority.  This is one of the reasons Bitcoin exists.  There is no single entity that can pull the plug on Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2015-02-14 21:57:03
No.  They would only have the power to decide what code they use themselves.  All other participants in the network decide what code they want to run.  
It's not just a matter of miners and node operators being 'well intentioned'.  They want to use digital money that works like physical money.  They can only have that if Bitcoin remains decentralized.  If Bitcoin is allowed to become centralized, then it can no longer be trusted to function like real money, and therefore it ceases to be useful.
The moment some theoretical future coalition of miners tried to change the code they are running to make it more restrictive, the rest of the network would split off and the price of coins on the restrictive coalition fork would plummet through the floor.  The coalition would have to decide if they wanted to mine their own worthless coin, or rejoin the original Bitcoin network running the original code.  The whole point of Bitcoin is that no one can restrict transactions or otherwise control other people's money.  Bitcoin is valuable because *no one else can turn off your money*.  If miners collude, that feature disappears and the coalition has to be trusted just like any bank. It becomes necessary for users to fork to another network that is decentralized, and that is exactly what users who value that functionality would do.  Hopefully, that will never become necessary, because enough individuals who wish to use decentralized digital money that follows honest mathematical rules will continue to mine unrestricted Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-05-30 15:47:49
You can still accept Bitcoin natively without a payment processor
@_date: 2015-02-15 12:49:54
One of the theft methods was *altering the balances on the bank's centralized ledger*:




@_date: 2016-05-18 22:19:04
No, anyone can become a miner without permission from any current miners
@_date: 2015-03-13 16:11:35
Very interesting stuff.  The World Wide Web Consortium is currently working on 'payment standards'.  Their stated goals of global availability, interoperability, and freedom from proprietary ecosystems seem to line up with what Bitcoin has already accomplished.


[CEO of W3C Jeff Jaffe elaborates](




Bitcoin is the only payment mechanism that is 'available on the open web', 'everywhere', for everyone on the internet in any country.  All solutions controlled by a central organization and based on trust will fail this test, no matter how long the W3C and it's corporate stakeholders deliberate.
EDIT: Emphasis mine
@_date: 2015-02-05 14:55:19
I'm all for being friendly, but the fact is there is no way to prove it without doing the math.  The system is based on math, not trust in what any person or group asserts.
If you cannot read code yourself, you can choose to trust people who can read code.  It's like any other language.  If you can't read Spanish, you can ask 3 people to translate for you.  If they all agree on the translation, you can be relatively sure of what is written in Spanish, even though you can't read Spanish yourself.    When you witness multiple people conversing in Spanish, you can see that it is a real language and they are communicating successfully.  Bitcoin is like that, but even less ambiguous because with math there is no room for interpretation.
Most people do not necessarily understand the principles of flight in detail, but we can see that airplanes work.  We trust the math and the engineers' implementation enough to get on a plane, even though our lives are at stake.  Trusting the Bitcoin math and implementation is similar.  You see it working as advertised for years.  You get a few bits and you see that you can use them at will and you don't need any company or bank to store them for you.  Over time, you become comfortable and you wonder what you were so worried about.  
In my opinion, the passage of time will see more and more thought leaders in science, technology, finance, and philosophy discovering Bitcoin, understanding its useful features and adopting it themselves.  This will eventually lead to wider and wider acceptance among the populace.  
@_date: 2016-05-29 00:06:32
Charlie Lee refutes in the linked thread:


@_date: 2015-02-04 18:18:36
There is no such thing as a consumer.  No person exists who only consumes - that is, spends money, but never receives it.
Bitcoin is money.  It does everything money can do.  It can be spent, it can be received in payment.  It can be saved, it can be shared.  It can be donated, it can be remitted.  It can do everything physical money can do, but over the internet.  
These unique properties are a direct result of Bitcoin's decentralization and benefit everyone.  A 'consumer' who orders something on Amazon has to get money somehow.  Currently, if he want's to transact on the internet, he needs to trust a bank and he needs to keep his money in a bank.  If he wants to be paid electronically he needs an account with some financial company.  In doing so he looses control of his money.  Bitcoin allows a person to keep his money under his own control, *while still retaining the ability to transact online with it*.  A 'consumer' who holds bitcoins can use his money for whatever he wants, whenever he wants, in any amount, in any country, practically instantly and practically free.  He doesn't need anyone's permission and no one can stop him from using his own money for what he wants to use it for.  
*Control of their own money and the ability to transact with it at will is beneficial to consumers*.  No centralized product offered by a bank or company can ever give a consumer control of their own money, because the very existence of the bank or company takes control away from the consumer.  That's why Bitcoin is interesting.  That's why its gotten this far, and that's why it will go further.
@_date: 2015-02-16 13:36:57
Looks like a good niche that Bitcoin can fill.






@_date: 2019-05-22 23:44:22
Did you watch the video?  He specifically addresses that argument
@_date: 2017-05-11 11:16:06
Web wallets are not the safest choice.  You are correct, it is possible for any web wallet to intercept your private key, which means they could spend your money.
The safest way to control you Bitcoin online is to use the Bitcoin Core software on your own computer.  No one else has access to you private key in that case, and you have your own copy of the blockchain so you know that transactions you receive are legit without trusting anyone else.
@_date: 2016-05-22 12:55:32
Thanks for the explanation.
@_date: 2015-02-09 16:44:32
This is hilarious.  Trolling from establishment economists is reaching critical levels.
In other news, dollars are effectively green paper, the value of which is "based on nothing more than a set of self-confirming beliefs".  
@_date: 2016-07-26 01:45:38
There is nothing wrong with a difficulty drop.  It is a perfectly normal part of the system, as natural as a difficulty rise.  
@_date: 2016-07-12 12:01:06
Cryptowall is real ransomware.  
@_date: 2016-05-30 14:55:43
This is nonsense.  I personally know several people small-scale mining in houses and apartments with S3s and S7s.  You do not need industrial capacity.  OP specifies 'small-scale'.
@_date: 2015-02-08 17:51:13
And he actually said 'Bitcoin' - not non-committal 'blockchain' or 'digital currency'
@_date: 2016-05-22 11:33:16
Could you explain this a little more?  I visually identified the nodes based on multiple connections from the same IP, along with SPV wallet clients that didn't make sense coming from VPS hosting services.  I then banned the nodes manually.  My concern is that at one time these fake nodes were actually the majority of connections to my node.  Does that cause risk of a sybil attack?  Just trying to understand best practices for management of my nodes.
@_date: 2015-10-29 00:22:37
Analyses like this never take into account that Bitcoin is uniquely useful, and there are people who want to use it.
Because Bitcoin is useful and people want to use it, there will always be a market for mining transactions.  If nothing else, the users and businesses who want to use Bitcoin have an incentive to mine themselves so that they maintain the ability to transact with any other person or business in any country at will without requiring permission from any third party.  This is a useful service that Bitcoin miners provide.  
@_date: 2016-07-24 11:47:13
Agreed.  I think many have been discouraged from mining because they keep hearing that 'China' has some kind of magic advantage over everyone else.  But when the real numbers come out we can see that other places with competitive power prices do exist.
@_date: 2016-07-21 22:37:34
Variance people.  The 24 hour hash rate estimation is a not a reliable gauge.  Check again in a week.
@_date: 2015-03-02 21:05:01
Profitability depends on your electricity cost, future difficulty, and future price of BTC.  As you can see from the calculator, if you assume a 3% rise per difficulty each adjustment, $0.10 per kilowatt hour, and today's price of the moment at $272, the SP35 example you use, if purchased today, would never pay off.  However, if you pay only $0.03 per kwh, your SP35 would break even in October.  If the dollar price of BTC goes up, you break even sooner.  If the difficulty drops (which it will if miners are unprofitable and some turn off their rigs), then you break even sooner.  If difficulty rises more than expected and/or the BTC price drops, the opposite occurs.  Miners are trying to mine as efficiently as possible and are trying to outlast the competition.
Of course, the purpose of mining is not to make dollars.  The purpose of mining is to process transactions and distribute the new bitcoins in a mathematically predictable, verifiable, and 'fair' manner.  Even if mining was not profitable in dollar terms, it would still allow anyone who chooses to mine convert electricity into BTC without having to go through any bank or company.
@_date: 2016-07-17 16:56:36
Written April 2012 when a bitcoin cost $5.
@_date: 2015-02-04 18:54:09
No one has the authority to dictate any changes.  
All changes require network consensus.  Any change like that would require a majority of the users and miners to run software that supported the change.  
The Bitcoin software is entirely open source and publicly viewable.  The way the system works is transparent and mathematically verifiable.  No one should be trusted and no one needs to be trusted.  Bitcoin was invented so that disparate actors who do not trust each other could come to a decentralized consensus about the ownership and validity of digital money.
@_date: 2015-02-14 17:28:41
No one is 'in control' of the Bitcoin network's development.  Whether Gavin and the others are 'trusted' is irrelevant.  The devs simply post open source code to a website.  Each user or miner decides what code to run on their own machines.
The source code is public and verifiable.  Devs cannot force anyone to run the code they write.  Anyone who doesn't like a code change can simply not adopt the change.  There is nothing anyone can do to force me, for example, to upgrade my node to run code I don't like.  If devs were to introduce a whitelist or blacklist into the latest version of Bitcoin, users and miners could simply choose not to install the malicious version and keep running the working code they are already running.  
If a government kidnapped all of the core devs tomorrow, the Bitcoin network would keep right on running exactly as it did the day before.  The devs have no 'control' over the network of decentralized nodes running in scores of different countries.
@_date: 2016-07-20 01:37:58
Being truly anonymous is complicated.  It's not just about receiving the bitcoins, it's about what you do with them afterward.
If you generate a new wallet using Bitcoin Core that you don't use for anything else, and someone sends you bitcoin to that wallet, your are 'anonymous' so far.  But how are you paying for the bitcoin?  If you are buying it with a credit card or a bank account, then the company you bought it from knows your name and can trace those coins.  If you are buying it with cash in person, then the other person sees your face, and likely has your phone number or email address that they used to arrange the meetup.
If you ever send the bitcoin to an exchange, you will need to use your identity to open the exchange account.  If you spend the bitcoin to buy something online, you will have to use a physical address to have the item shipped to you.  The merchant and/or bitcoin payment processor could potentially de-anonymize you.  If you sell the bitcoin for cash in person, the other person will see your face and probably have your phone number or email address used to arrange the meetup.
If you ever use that same bitcoin wallet to make other transactions that are traceable to you, you will de-anonymize yourself by associating your anonymous address with your non-anonymous addresses on the blockchain.  When you send the bitcoins, you could be de-anonymized by companies who try to connect to every bitcoin node to see the IP address from which transactions originate.  Tor may help you with this last point by hiding your IP, but Tor does not obfuscate your bitcoin addresses on the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-02-13 12:29:25
Bitcoins can be bought from a human in person, from a Bitcoin ATM, accepted in payment for a good or service, or mined.  None of these methods require any interaction with any bank.
@_date: 2015-02-03 14:07:10
Dollars in bank accounts are 'stored digitally' on the bank's computers.  'Can be accessed only by the account holder' almost certainly means 'can be accessed only by the account holder *and* the the company in charge of the system'.  Gates has already stated elsewhere that the system he is referring to will have chargebacks.  That means that the company running the system will have the ability to access money in any account.  There is no account holder with a blockchain.  There is only the person in control of the private keys.  
@_date: 2016-05-30 19:43:32
Doesn't mention Bitcoin directly, but is certainly touching on problems Bitcoin can solve:


@_date: 2016-07-12 23:13:10
It's not hard to convert fiat money to bitcoin.  You can transact in person for cash or physical assets using a wallet on your smartphone.  You don't a bank between transactors.
@_date: 2015-02-03 13:24:24
No he's not.  The chart is labeled "Mobile Banking".  The Blockchain replaces the bank.  There is no bank with Bitcoin or any blockchain based currency.  The whole point of a blockchain is that there is no bank controlling issuance, access and flow of funds.  Gate's proposed solution is just like all the others:  it includes a central bank/company who issues the money and controls/restricts access to the system.  It's just a bank account accessed via mobile phone.  It will not work for every person in every country, and it will not allow a user to be in 100% control of his own funds.
@_date: 2016-05-11 11:50:20


Who decides which parties are legitimate? The central third party.


What if the individuals disagree?  Don't worry, there is a central third party to arbitrate.


Don't worry, there is a central third party with the power to intervene, stop your transactions and freeze your funds


What if the parties to a transaction disagree?  Don't worry, we have a central third party to intervene


Corda is indistinguishable from the existing banking industry.
@_date: 2015-02-05 16:58:55
Tim Worstall - wrong about Bitcoin since 2011 and for all the same reasons.
Volatility is irrelevant, just like it was in 2011.  He said Bitcoin was a bad store of value in 2011, yet here we are, and the price of Bitcoin is orders of magnitude higher.  Thefts are irrelevant, just like they were in 2011.  Anything of value an be stolen.  Transactions do NOT take 1 hour and 48 minutes.  Every person who has ever used Bitcoin knows that transactions take seconds.  It's only confirmation (settlement) that takes time.   Legacy payment networks take far longer than Bitcoin's *average of 10 minutes* for settlement of transactions.  It is a user's choice if he wants to wait for settlement or not.  Merchants routinely accept credit card payments with no guarantee of settlement.
Why is bitcoin better than fiat money?  Because any person in any country can use Bitcoin to send money in any amount to any other person in any country at any time, practically instantly and practically free without requiring permission from any third party.  This cannot be done with what he refers to as 'real' (fiat) money.  The only way fiat moves is with the cooperation of a bank or banks with with each transactor needs a relationship.  Bitcoin moves person to person online without requiring a trusted third party.  That's the problem Bitcoin solves.  It's digital money that works the same way for everyone who chooses to use it, without regard for the whims of some controlling party who may or may not operate in the same jurisdiction as the transactors, who may or may not have the best interests of the transactors at heart, who may or may not be above stealing the transactor's money or stopping the transactor's payments, who may or may not be above manipulating the money supply for their own advantage at the expense of the users.
None of the same arguments we've been hearing for years can change the fact that more people understand Bitcoin's useful properties today than did three years ago, just as Bitcoin's users expected.  The only way to move money over the internet person to person is for the transactors to choose to value bitcoins as money, and that is what some people are choosing to do.  This is not theoretical - it is happening now, it's been happening for years, and it shows all signs of continuing to happen.  
The only valid point he makes is that we don't know what exactly the future will look like in terms of transaction fees.  But that does not change the fact that people who make the informed decision to think of bitcoins as money can do things with their money that people who do not think of bitcoins as money cannot do.  If people find that valuable, which so far they have, then supply and demand will establish the appropriate transaction fees.
@_date: 2015-11-22 13:04:31
Solutions like M-Pesa just replace control by a third party bank with control by a third party telco.  It does not work across borders in every country for every person without permission.
@_date: 2015-02-05 13:55:41
The majority of the nodes cannot be run by Google, or the network is not decentralized and it loses the benefits of Bitcoin.  With Bitcoin, no one can stop your payment, discriminate against users or manipulate the money supply.  If Google is running the majority of nodes, Google becomes a central point of control.  Governments will hold Google responsible for everyone using their money, therefore Google will have to use their majority control to censor transactions and lock people out of the network based on identity.  No one can do this with Bitcoin because the nodes are run by disparate actors all across the globe, not one corporation.


So you imagine that GoogleCoin will be worth money because Google says it is worth money?  You are misunderstanding why Bitcoin is valuable.  It is valuable because market participants value its money-like properties, which are made possible by its decentralization.  Bitcoin is not valuable because it's 'backed by' something.  Things that need to be 'backed by' something are worthless in themselves.  That's why they need 'backing'.  'Backing' is just a promise made by a government or corporation, and promises can be broken.  Google may promise that a GoogleCoin is worth a dollar, but users of GoogleCoin must trust Google to redeem their GoogleCoins for dollars.  Users must trust that Google will not freeze their money.  Users must trust that Google will not cave to pressure from local totalitarian regimes.  
Bitcoin is not valuable because of the promise of some entity.  Bitcoin is valuable because of its mathematically verifiable decentralized consensus network that works the same way for every human on the internet.  That's why it can be trusted as money.  Because it cannot be manipulated by any party.
@_date: 2016-07-18 22:46:15
Although I agree there are degrees of centralization, the goal is to be more decentralized, censorship resistant, and therefore fungible and reliable for everyone - not less.  
Only 1-5% uncensored hashpower is certainly NOT acceptable.  Do you want to wait 20 times longer than necessary because your address or an address you are transacting with may or may not be on a list?  You won't know for certain if either address is on a list, so you will have to assume that every transaction could potentially take that long.  Also I'm pretty sure a 95% majority of censoring and colluding miners could orphan any blocks they didn't like by refusing to mine on top of them and instead mining a different chain that they approve until it's the longest, so your transaction is not likely to ever make it to the blockchain.  Your money is effectively frozen at that point.


That is not nearly as good of a solution as many seem to think.  If users are not willing to mine now, why will they suddenly start mining en masse in order to fork?  The economics of mining will be the same.  After the fork, then what?  If users are not mining in huge numbers, the hash rate will be very small and the security of the network will be low.  For-profit commercial miners will move right over to the new POW and the same problem will exist as now for all of the same reasons.  A fork might restart the clock and buy some time, but it does not solve the problem long term.  It IS likely to cause loss of faith in the system and chaos in the markets.  
Any new POW would still require mining to be decentralized or risk potential censorship.  It is in the interest of all users to defend the current system, since it's much less chaotic (and likely much better for the market price) to do so now than it is to do so only after a major attack.
@_date: 2015-02-03 21:21:11
Mining is just as alive as it has ever been.  Antminers and Spondoolies machines exist, perform as advertised and ship right away from the manufacturers.  
Cloud mining is a scam, pre-order hardware is a scam.  There is no guaranteed profit.  Same as it ever was.
@_date: 2016-07-21 00:36:04


Property records are already public.  You don't need a blockchain for that.  If someone tries to change the records, you sue them.  "Fraud" is whatever a judge says it is or isn't.  A blockchain will not change that.  A judge can override what your blockchain says, either in your favor or not in your favor.
'Independent' entities serve no purpose if a judge can overrule the copies of the database they are maintaining.  Calling it a blockchain will not change that.  
Seriously, "Sounds a bit like a blockchain?".  How is it decided who is allowed to make entries in this database?  If it is not secured by permission-less, decentralized proof of work, you have to trust the word of some central authority to allow you to transact.  If any central authority can override your blockchain, you might as well use a database. 
Decentralized, permission-less blockchains protect the users from abuses by authority.  The solutions you describe do not do that.
@_date: 2015-02-04 13:12:06
Because the Bitcoin network would still have many more nodes than the GoogleCoin network.  If it was exactly the same codebase, there would be no reason to use it over Bitcoin.  It would be exactly like Bitcoin except the network would be secured by magnitudes less hashpower.  There would be no incentive for any current users of Bitcoin to switch.  Even Google would have no incentive to use GoogleCoin over Bitcoin if GoogleCoin were decentralized, because Bitcoin already exists and does exactly the same thing.  GoogleCoin would be exactly like all the other alt coins that have failed to replace Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-03 14:15:01
An 'account' in this context is money held by an intermediary on your behalf.  An individual's money on the blockchain is directly controlled by the individual, it is not in an 'account' controlled by a company.
@_date: 2016-07-24 12:11:59
Article does a great job of breaking down why everything that Ethereum promises is now a lie as a result of the hard fork:


Ethereum because it proves their applications are:  


  


  


  


  


@_date: 2016-07-30 13:44:44
They will not be tracked "from now on", this is only a proposal
@_date: 2015-02-27 19:26:56
Bitcoins can be accepted in payment, mined, bought and sold by individuals in any country without any interaction with any of those companies.
@_date: 2016-07-16 11:58:09
If we assume that it would be tied to identity, yes.  
It is not likely that they will adopt a permission-less, open crypto-currency secured by proof of work that operates the same way for everyone.  If anything, they will try to create something they control, which will only highlight the advantages that Bitcoin has over centralized electronic fiat.
@_date: 2015-02-15 15:21:18
My understanding is that already existing coins would exist on both chains, because both chains would share a common history up to that point.  Each user would have to decide (once) which blockchain fork he would follow, and use the appropriate version of software that followed that fork of the chain via a checkpoint at a particular block.  Having made that decision, he would then transact with other nodes on the same fork as himself.  
New blocks would be mined on two different blockchain forks by two different sets of miners.  Newly mined blocks and the coins generated by them would be considered invalid by users whose software preferred the other fork, because those coins would not exist on the other (forked) blockchain.  
For example, if the blockchain fork happened at block 100, then there would be two different block 101s, one for each chain.  Coins generated in block 101 on Fork A would not be accepted in payment by nodes on Fork B.  Users would chose to use the version of software that added a checkpoint at block 101 of their preferred fork.
I don't think anyone really knows how a major hard fork would play out socioeconomically.  This is all new ground.  Would users around the world follow the big merchants and exchanges even if they all adopted a more restrictive, US government approved version of 'Bitcoin' that allowed a cabal to stop your payments, freeze your funds, and arbitrarily create money?  In my opinion it is unclear what the user incentive would be to accept such a change.  The reason for Bitcoin to exist is that it lacks any central authority who can dictate such things.  The only party to benefit from such central control is the party doing the central control.  Users of Bitcoin like being in control of their own money, and they like the fact that it is open to any person in any country and the rules work the same for everyone.
@_date: 2016-07-13 23:47:08
Very interesting, worth a read.
@_date: 2016-05-10 23:38:55
No, every Bitcoin transaction must appear on the Bitcoin blockchain.  The Bitcoin blockchain is public and exists on every computer that runs Bitcoin Core.  Blockchain.info is not "the" Bitcoin blockchain, it just has a similar name because it was one of the first websites to display information from the Bitcoin blockchain.  Confusing I know.  
Here are some other websites that display information from the Bitcoin blockchain.  Websites like this are usually called blockchain explorers.  You can use any one of them to view transactions, addresses, blocks, etc.  If you are programmer you could write your own program to display information from the blockchain, which is publicly available to everyone.
@_date: 2016-07-26 01:55:58
It's good because it agrees with what many of us have been saying for years.  Calling someone who sells bitcoin he owns a 'money transmitter' makes no sense for at least two reasons:
1) Bitcoin does not meet the legal definition of money
2) Even if Bitcoin was considered money, a person selling bitcoins he owns is not transmitting anyone else's money.  He is simply trading his own money for another type of currency.  At no point is he acting as a money transmitter like Western Union, Paypal, etc.
@_date: 2016-07-24 00:15:38
$0.0389 USD at the moment according to Xe
@_date: 2016-07-20 23:45:22
A blockchain cannot effectively keep track of property rights unless it is blessed by a government.  
Even if the blockchain is blessed by a government, judges will be able to overrule it.  If they overrule it, someone will have to have the special power to alter the blockchain to take away a person's property without that person's agreement.  
If no one has the power to alter the blockchain, a separate, centralized database will have to keep track of all the places the blockchain is wrong because a judge said so, and that centralized database would have to take precedence over the blockchain, defeating the purpose of the blockchain.  
There is no advantage over a database for the holder of physical property.  Their property will not be any safer than it would be in a deed database.  Physical property can still be confiscated for all the same reasons governments freeze bank accounts and invalidate deeds with eminent domain.  The blockchain cannot be an immutable record because someone will have the power to arbitrarily change it.  
The advantage of a real blockchain like the Bitcoin blockchain is that *no one* can arbitrarily change it.
@_date: 2016-07-26 01:30:10
Miners from any country can point their hash power at a pool in any other country.  There is nothing 'obvious' about the physical location of hardware pointed at any pool.
@_date: 2016-07-21 23:06:20
Namecoin can be used for domain names (.bit) than cannot be confiscated by registrars
@_date: 2016-05-22 12:30:41
Yet another 'blockchain' product that claims that it is open, 'decentralized', 'immutable' and 'neutral', yet simultaneously says it has special 'authentication nodes' with 'veto power' and requires permission to join.  Permission from whom?  The 'key participants' with 'veto power' of course.  
@_date: 2015-02-07 14:09:54
Because unlike Bitcoin, which is based on math and therefore works in every country and between every country, the legacy banking system is based on trust and human relationships, and is therefore divided up by imaginary political borders.
The good news - you can still send the BTC from any country to the Canadian card.
@_date: 2016-05-19 17:19:08
Backups FTW
@_date: 2015-02-07 18:55:04
This should not be called 'digital currency' as if it were comparable to Bitcoin.  It is not comparable to Bitcoin.  It's just a bank account accessed via mobile phone, like M-Pesa.  It does not allow a user to be in control of his own funds without a trusted third party.  It is not irreverisble.  It will not work across borders the same way for everyone on the internet.  It does not have the benefits of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-07-16 12:45:14
For the same reasons that hot shot economist Mark Williams was wrong when he said Bitcoin would be $10 by July 2014, and the same reason all the critics at  were wrong.  Because markets are fickle and people can't see the future.
@_date: 2015-02-03 13:07:53
None of these coins would be decentralized and allow the freedom of use for every person in every country the way Bitcoin does.  The issuing central party would be able to manipulate the functionality of the money.  The entire point of Bitcoin is there is no central controlling party so the money works the same for everyone.
@_date: 2016-07-26 10:39:46
I want to make a joke about Agent Ponzi's scheme to entrap Bitcoin traders but they all sound too obvious
@_date: 2016-07-24 12:26:09
Reason 3 definitely set the whole thing off - the price literally doubled in the next day or two. Reason 2 is obviously true to anyone who was watching the orderbooks at the time. 
The other thing that really pushed the price up from 650ish to 1200 was the US senate hearings in mid-late November, where the Senators and regulators had overwhelmingly neutral to positive things to say about Bitcoin and how they didn't want to stifle the technology.
What killed the momentum was the Chinese central bank issuing confusing statements saying Chinese banks were not allowed offer financial products using bitcoin.  And then of course the MtGox troubles.
EDIT:  Another contributing factor was the fact that Bitcoin failed to die after the April 2013 spike and 'crash'.  I think that gave potential users and investors more confidence that this thing was real.
@_date: 2016-07-19 11:01:04
But the last block was over four months ago
@_date: 2016-07-17 23:28:53
There are other exchanges like Bitstamp or Bitfinex that trade BTC/USD.  You can deposit and withdraw via bank wire.  
@_date: 2015-02-12 21:48:53
You would send BTC from your wallet directly to PokerStars, and withdraw BTC directly from PokerStars back to your wallet.  There is no bank in the mix.  
@_date: 2016-07-27 11:45:28
The actual ruling is a bit more nuanced than that, and is a very interesting read.  
The ruling is good for users of Bitcoin, because it says that a person who sells their own bitcoins for dollars is not a money transmitter and therefore not regulated as a money transmitter (no KYC, no reporting requirements, etc).
@_date: 2015-02-28 13:53:33
Anyone can create a currency 'backed by' anything.  The question is, what trusted third party is guaranteeing the 'backing', and should/will this third party be trusted by all users to redeem the paper note for the item the paper note is supposedly 'backed' by?
Bitcoin is not valuable because it is backed by something.   It is valuable because the market participants choose to value it for its useful properties combined with its scarcity.  Transferring this value to a paper token will have all of the same disadvantages of trying transfer the value of gold to a piece of paper supposedly 'backed by' gold.  You have to trust whoever is claiming to do the backing to actually redeem your paper for gold.
@_date: 2019-05-21 23:42:36
A big part of the reason for his attitude is probably because some bitcoiners insist on saying that Bitcoin is better than gold.  IMO that's not the right way to look at it.  
Bitcoin and gold are two sides of the same, um, coin.  They are both commodity money that no central authority can arbitrarily make out of nothing.  Gold is physical and Bitcoin is digital.  Each have pros and cons.  It makes no sense to try to make them compete with each other.  Arbitrary fiat is the enemy.  Gold and Bitcoin are allies.
@_date: 2016-07-18 23:23:04
Bitcoin will not self destruct.  Just because you may be influenced by personalities does not mean that everyone else is.
Anyone can read the publicly available source code.  We have mathematically verifiable Proof of Work and a transparent public ledger.  Two 'prominent' members of the community recently vouched for a scammer who claimed to be someone he wasn't.  Did it fool the community?  No.  Why not?  Because of publicly verifiable mathematics that neither the scammer nor the 'influential' people could fake.
Personalities and opinions are irrelevant.  Only the open source code and the blockchain consensus as secured by Proof of Work matters.  Don't run bad code.  Run your own node, your own miner, and control your own private keys.  Even if all of the core devs colluded to include bad code in the repository, the rest of us can simply refuse to run it.  The Bitcoin 'threat' would not be 'neutralized'.  The Bitcoin network would continue running exactly the same way it ran the day before.
@_date: 2015-02-15 12:54:04
Apparently it was done over time and using multiple ATMs.  [NY Times article]( gives more details.  They say one client alone lost over 7 million through ATM withdrawals.
@_date: 2016-07-26 01:51:20
Actually according to the IRS, barter transactions are taxable.
@_date: 2015-02-15 12:37:44
Once physical cash is withdrawn, it is irreversible.
@_date: 2016-07-26 10:28:40
Source?  Also nothing about the hashpower distribution by country of one pool proves anything about the hash power distribution of any other pool.
@_date: 2016-07-12 12:02:51
Haven't seen it yet, but I'm guessing they are selling bitcoins from the truck for cash (or other assets) in person.  Since the banks' centralized electronic money no longer works.
@_date: 2016-07-28 00:55:43
I've always thought business-to-business (B2B) payments, especially international ones, are a huge area where Bitcoin has clear advantages.  I mean hello, there is now an international payment that does not require a bank.
@_date: 2016-05-12 11:53:29
The article is full of attempts to contrast permissioned blockchains with existing databases, but he ends up doing the opposite.


He tries to contrast 'multiparty aggregation' with a centralized trusted intermediary, but then he says:


WHO is granting the appropriate permissions?  That person is a central point of control, the trusted intermediary.  That person has control of the network, because that person has the power to disconnect any nodes who disagree with him.  If there are 10 total nodes, and 7 disagree with the permission granter, the permission granter can disconnect those 7 dissenting nodes until the only remaining nodes are the nodes that agree with himself.  Any such blockchain does not "offer an alternative to the need for a trusted intermediary".  Indeed, submitting to the trusted intermediary is required to participate in the system.
@_date: 2016-07-24 16:15:46
Nothing you said changes the fact that the Ethereum blockchain is now proven not to be immutable.  Smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain are not unstoppable and can and will be censored.
Asserting that the fork does not set a precedent does not make it true.  It's been done once, it can be done again.  The Ethereum community has shown the world that the expectation of how a contract 'should' work is more important than the code, and anyone who considers using Ethereum for anything has to consider that fact very seriously before they buy into any of the 'unstoppable', 'code is law' bullshit hype.
@_date: 2013-10-29 12:02:05
Yes.  Dollars are created out of nothing by the Federal Reserve (currently 85 Billion dollars a month).  This is inflation, which leads to higher prices.  That's why dollars buy less stuff than they did 10 years ago.
The supply of bitcoins is intentionally limited to prevent arbitrary inflation of the Bitcoin money supply.  21 million bitcoins is the maximum that will exist.  If that number sounds too small to you, think of it as 2,100,000,000,000,000 satoshis.  It's the same thing.  There is plenty of Bitcoin to go around.
@_date: 2013-07-04 19:43:07
The title of this article is not accurate.  At least in the US, gambling winnings are taxable.  


This statement is misleading.  They did not 'seize the largest Bitcoin company in the world'.  They closed one US bank account of a US subsidiary of MtGox, the largest Bitcoin exchange.  MtGox is located in Japan and continues to function as a Bitcoin exchange.  The seizure was because MtGox failed to register as a money transmitter business, not because of suspicion of money laundering.
@_date: 2016-07-11 22:51:46
Anyone can purchase an Antminer S9 for $2100, not much more than building a GPU rig back in the day.  S9s are profitable right now with average US electricity prices.
@_date: 2016-07-19 00:20:44
I've also been wondering about this
@_date: 2013-08-23 14:37:12
On Windows, sdelete is clean little command line utility that will do it, or Eraser if you want a pretty gui.  There are various tools for Linux like wipe and shred.
This article covers some options:
@_date: 2013-09-26 13:53:15
Well worth a watch.
I think that Barry Silbert and SecondMarket taking an unabashed pro-Bitcoin stance will have a positive effect on how Bitcoin is perceived in the financial realm.
It's hard to laugh at Bitcoin when you keep hearing about how Peter Thiel, Andreessen Horowitz, SecondMarket et al are taking positions.
@_date: 2013-11-20 15:19:26
In reference to Bitcoin, an interviewee on NPR just said that "everyone she knows at Goldman Sachs is trying to figure out how they can make money from this"
@_date: 2013-12-06 17:44:40
Yep.  The Coinpunk guy demonstrated this at the Subway in Allentown:
@_date: 2013-02-16 19:40:47
Quote from the article:
"Mega supporting Bitcoin makes perfect sense."
@_date: 2013-07-13 19:07:33
If you want that level of control, you have the option of accepting BTC directly without using a payment processor (no fee), and then selling it yourself on the exchange for 0.55%.
@_date: 2013-10-08 13:19:48
What I find most interesting about this poll / debate is that both options are positive for Bitcoin.  Even the guy arguing 'against' Bitcoin being the future of money concludes that "Bitcoin will become a niche financial services product", as opposed to "Bitcoin is funny money that will be forgotten two years from now".  Progress!
It seems even some of the critics are realizing that being totally dismissive of Bitcoin is an untenable position.
@_date: 2013-03-19 21:58:54
Good summary.  I think one of the main issues with critics is that they don't understand the benefits that Bitcoin brings to the table.  They think it's all about anonymity and if they don't need to be anonymous, there is no value.  They don't understand the features of instant verifiable transfer anywhere in the world, to anyone, in any amount, with no third party trust or permission required.
The tulip thing is really getting old.  Remember when the tulip bubble peaked again after the crash?  Didn't think so.
@_date: 2013-12-09 22:02:45
It's not a problem for merchants.  Merchants can use Bitpay or Coinbase to immediately exchange the bitcoins for dollars if they don't want to deal with the volatility.  This still gives them the advantages of using Bitcoin, like no chargebacks and the ability to accept payments from any country, while being less expensive than accepting a credit card payment.
@_date: 2013-02-24 14:05:18
I wish people would stop focusing on the whole anonymity question, as if that is the only reason to use Bitcoin.  Does Starbucks allow me to purchase a cup of coffee 'anonymously' with cash?  Yes, but no one suggests there is anything shady about it.  It's only anonymous because my name is not relevant to the transaction.  For some reason with Bitcoin, people assume anonymity implies something negative.  Purchasing Bitcoin with cash is no different that purchasing anything else with cash.
@_date: 2016-07-24 11:50:36
Yes, just like they can with dollars in a bank account.
That is why the ability to store your own bitcoin by holding your own private keys yourself, while retaining the ability to transact electronically without any company, is so ground breaking and important.
@_date: 2013-03-07 21:24:21
The argument 'someone might build something better' works against anything, not just Bitcoin.
Yes, a better network might emerge eventually.  In the meantime, Bitcoin is the only way to transfer money anywhere, to anyone, in any country, in any amount, over the internet, without a trusted third party.  THIS, combined with it's scarcity, is why it is valuable.  
I think you will find that if you do a little searching, that the issues you refer to have been discussed at length and in great detail by developers and users since the beginning.
@_date: 2013-02-15 15:00:28
Do you know this for a fact?  Not being argumentative, just wondering.  I know they block via IP but I'm guessing if you tried to pay with a credit card issued from a bank in Belarus, for example, service might be denied even if you were coming from a US IP.  I don't know that for sure of course.
Bitcoins would get around the foreign credit card thing, but only for customers using proxies.  That doesn't make it not do-able, but it's a speed bump that would not be faced if they could globally license original content.
@_date: 2013-02-22 16:57:04
Why couldn't the early adopters in question feel that the current price that they are allegedly selling at is a 'fair' price, as opposed to rising too quickly?
Looking at a chart does not enable anyone to read minds.
@_date: 2013-04-30 12:40:33


@_date: 2013-05-14 12:51:25
Agreed, this is not a problem with Bitcoin.
To those who say Bitcoin has to be "fixed" to make theft from people unwilling to learn to secure their computers impossible - there is no way to do this without giving the responsibility for that person's bitcoins to someone else.  That's the bottom line.
If you give responsibility for your bitcoins to someone else, you are now trusting a third party not to burn you.  Bitcoin gives you the choice to not have to trust someone else, but to trust only yourself with your digital money, so you can do whatever you want with your digital money.  There is no way to 'secure' bitcoins on an insecure computer, and there is no way to recover allegedly stolen bitcoins without violating the spirit of an irreversible currency that can be spent at will by the bearer.
Expecting an insecure computer to be able to hold bitcoins securely is like expecting DRM on movies to be effective.  It will never happen, because of it's very nature.  For a person to watch a DRM movie, they need the encryption key to be present in the movie player.  Since the encryption key is always present in the movie player, anyone with access to the movie player will always be able to extract the encryption key.  There are no exceptions.
If a person wants to spend bitcoins, they need to be able to send bitcoins from their wallet.  If they can spend bitcoins from their wallet, then so can anyone who compromises their computer.  Case closed.
The only potential way to mitigate this, as far as I can see, is to use an online wallet (or 'bank') that insures your bitcoins against theft.  But even in this scenario, if you think the bank is going to continue to refund your 'stolen' bitcoins week after week as your computer is continually compromised, you might be in for a surprise.
Online security hygiene is not really that difficult.  Use good passwords.  Use NoScript.  Don't download sketchy programs.  Don't click on links in emails.  Don't plug strange USB sticks into your machine.  Stay updated.  The average person is capable of learning the above.
@_date: 2013-04-12 14:47:50
It is not correct to say that confidence is the only thing that gives Bitcoin its value.
Bitcoin's utility as a payment system gives it value.  I can use bitcoins to pay someone in madagascar for $10,000 worth of web development services, for a transaction fee of pennies.  They will receive the payment in minutes.  No one can stop my payment, reverse my payment, or tell me I live in the wrong country, or tell my developer that he lives in the wrong country.
Can't do this with Paypal, dollars, gold, or visa.  
@_date: 2013-11-26 00:03:25
As simple explanations go, [this one]( is my favorite 
@_date: 2013-03-04 17:01:51
My point was that the dollar, without gold backing, is a worthless piece of paper.  That is why it required the backing of gold.


If Bitcoins remain exactly as they are, then gold backing and 'custodians' add no value.  Bitcoin is entirely functional without them.  
Bitcoins can already be exchanged for gold if a person desires it.  Gold 'backing' adds nothing except a fictional 'guarantee' which cannot be trusted.  The gold backing of the dollar was reneged on by the United States.  The custodian was not trustworthy.  There is no reason to believe the system you describe will be different.
@_date: 2013-05-15 03:05:27


Good article.  Highlights some of the reasons why online merchants benefit from using Bitcoin.  Written by a merchant who accepts Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-10-15 21:21:37
Got it!  Thanks for your persistence :)
@_date: 2013-02-14 21:34:44
It's always nice to see former skeptics, like the author of this article, change their mind.  
@_date: 2013-09-24 13:43:41
This is gold!  ...I mean, Bitcoin!
Seriously someone should post this in the Zero Hedge comment section.
@_date: 2013-11-20 13:19:36
It doesn't really matter if it was him or a staffer.  The senator was obviously aware of the responses as he referred to them during the hearing.
@_date: 2016-07-17 23:03:25
The point of Bitcoin mining is twofold.  
First, it establishes a system that allows new money (bitcoins) to be issued at a fixed rate in a way that does not give control over issuance to any central party.  
Two, it is the method by which the public ledger (blockchain) is updated with new transactions; again, in a way that does not allow a central party to manipulate (or block) the process.
Anyone can participate in Bitcoin mining if they choose to.  They do not need permission from any party.  Anyone who follows the publicly known, mathematically verifiable rules can participate.
In short it works as a type of lottery in which all miners are searching for a particular hash that matches a number that meets certain 'difficutly' criteria.  The only way to find the hash is to try every possibility.  When a miner claims to have found the hash that matches, it is trivial for other miners to check that his hash actually meets the criteria.  This correct hash is the "Proof of Work" that the miner expended the computational effort to find it.  If the hash matches, the miner is rewarded with a 'block' of 12.5 new bitcoins, and can also write other users' pending transactions to the Bitcoin public ledger.  Anyone who can show the Proof of Work gets the new bitcoins and can write pending transactions to the ledger.  Anyone who tries to issue new bitcoins or include transactions but can NOT show Proof of Work will fail.  This results in a system that is based on neutral, verifiable cryptographic proofs, as opposed to appeal to some potentially biased human authority.    
The Khan Academy video series gets deeper and explains it pretty well:
For all the messy details, the best way to see exactly how it works is to read the [open source code](
@_date: 2013-05-07 19:17:05
After you fly there.
@_date: 2013-03-23 22:22:13
Your concerns are correct, but in all fairness this issue is not unique to Bitcoin.
In the near future, regular people are just going to have to learn how to compute more securely.  More and more of our lives are moving online.  Bank accounts, email, business and personal data all need to be secured.  If people are unable to learn how to update, encrypt, backup, use NoScript and not trust strange software, they are going to be burned, Bitcoin or no Bitcoin.
That said, I agree that everyone in IT needs to always be working to make things as easy as possible for the layman without sacrificing security.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:25:27
The below post is from a Chinese Bitcoin user who gives his perspective on why he likes the borderless decentralized nature of Bitcoin payments in the real world.
Awareness of Bitcoin is still small.  As knowledge spreads, this type of usage will increase.
@_date: 2013-09-23 15:49:11
Tip for Kraken and other new/small exchanges trying to gain footholds:  Bitfloor (RIP) offered a 0.1% credit for orders that added liquidity.  This strategy seems to have worked for them twice, once when they were brand new, and again after they were hacked, shut down, and came back.
Nothing motivates a person to try out your exchange like money.  Just a thought.
@_date: 2013-12-11 13:53:41
Finally some of the smarter people are starting to realize that Bitcoin hasn't died even though they were absolutely certain that it would.  Therefore they are investigating and trying to understand why that is.
However, there is still a lot of ignorance and negativity.  On Bloomberg just now, one of the commentators outright accused whoever bought first class plane tickets to Australia on CheapAir.com of being involved in 'underworld transactions' simply because he used Bitcoin to pay for his expensive tickets.  He then went out of his way to imply that because CheapAir is using Bitpay that they are not 'really' accepting Bitcoin.  There is still a long, long way to go.
@_date: 2013-12-02 14:40:13
This is the real address on the sign:
This is the shopped address in the Verge photo:
@_date: 2013-11-28 13:25:17
Well said.  Nothing like Bitcoin has ever existed before.  It's not about anonymity, it's not about taxes, it's about the invention of the distributed ledger that allows two parties on the internet to transact without a trusted third party.  Any two parties with internet access, anywhere in the world, can now transact with each other.  All they have to do is decide to use bitcoins as money.  Bitcoin sets your money free.
@_date: 2013-03-04 04:29:03
VPN's are not a cure all, but they add another level of protection.
If, for example, you live in the US, and your US IP address appears on a torrent that the MPAA is monitoring, it is becoming standard practice for the MPAA to contact your US ISP and take action.
If, however, the IP attached to the torrent in question is not your actual home IP address but an IP address of a VPN in Sweden, for example, the leg work to identify you has just become much more complicated.  In practice, for a typical downloader, you are probably much safer with a VPN.  
You are correct that you are not protected if you assume the VPN is monitoring you, which they are able to do.  If you don't trust any VPN provider, your only real option is Tor.  Tor is not recommended for large file transfers however.
No matter how you look at it, if you're paying for a VPN, it's safer for them not to have your personal info.
@_date: 2013-11-08 18:34:02
Those quotes from the devs aren't presented with adequate context.  For example, here is another Peter Todd quote:


and much more likely a long-term approach. In addition, keep in mind that this attack is very easy to detect, so if one is actually launched we will know immediately and can start taking direct counter-measures at that time.
And also from Jeff Garzik:


EDIT: and my new favorite from Mike Hearn, directed at the author of the paper:


attack, by becoming the dominant miner capable of reversing spends at will.
Then we'd know how quickly it can be done.
@_date: 2013-04-25 14:02:50
Very cool.  Also, the menu is making me hungry.
@_date: 2013-03-07 18:40:51
What we are investing in is a technology that is both a digital currency and an internet payment system.  This technology allows you to send money (bitcoins) to anyone, anywhere, in any amount, at any time, over the internet, without needing the cooperation or permission of any third party payment processor (such as Paypal or Visa).  You cannot do this with dollars or gold.  This enables internet commerce that was difficult or impossible before Bitcoin.  
There are things you can buy with it.  See  for an easy example.  Obviously, Bitcoin has not reached the market penetration of Visa, yet.  We believe this will change over time as entrepreneurs, investors, and users recognize the advantages of a system like Bitcoin.  
If you really want to understand, I recommend you research further.  This is a good place to start reading:
EDIT: for clarity
EDIT: To the regulars, I don't understand why you're down voting this guy's honest question.
@_date: 2016-07-12 11:52:55
I mean it will mine more bitcoin per month than it will cost in electricity as of today's difficulty with a $650 bitcoin price and $0.13 kwh electricity cost according to [calculators](  If you assume difficulty continues to rise at 5% as it has this year, and the price remains constant, then the rig will not pay itself off.
However, the reality is no one knows what price or difficulty will be in the future.  Some expect a non-negligible difficulty drop when the effects of the halving are felt.  And of course no one knows what the price will do.  Mining has never been guaranteed profit, even in the GPU days.  The question was 'do amateur miners find anything at all?'.  The answer is yes, we do.  
@_date: 2013-11-12 11:56:33
Once merchants get used to the idea of accepting Bitcoin and see the benefits that come from it (like zero payment fraud and lower fees) they are likely to start offering more discounts for paying in Bitcoin.  The more people who spend bitcoins, the sooner the merchants will realize this.
@_date: 2013-12-07 22:26:57
What is a high bandwidth connection in this context?  I was under the impression Bitcoin was not bandwidth intensive.
@_date: 2013-11-08 11:45:37
They could establish their own cryptocurrency.  But what would be the point?  The whole genius of Bitcoin is that it is decentralized.  No one controls it.  Otherwise we would just use Paypal or banks.  Banks would control the bank cryptocurrency.  Government would control the government cryptocurrency.  The whole point of mining is too keep others honest in the record keeping and initial money distribution.  The Fed does not want others keeping them honest.  Their whole job is to print money at will.
@_date: 2013-09-27 15:06:32


She might be a good interview subject for an article or podcast
@_date: 2013-02-21 23:45:32
Again, because of the control factor.  With Bitcoin, I could hire a programmer in Haiti to work for me.  I could not pay this person with Paypal because Paypal does not provide services to Haiti.  Even if I could pay this person with Paypal, Paypal would take a 3%+ cut.  Even if this was possible and desirable, it still depends on the goodwill of Paypal to ALLOW us to do business with each other.  Not with Bitcoin.  With Bitcoin, we can do whatever we want, with whoever we want, wherever we want, and no payment processor can force us to let him take a cut.
@_date: 2013-04-25 13:34:47
Finally, torrent sites are getting it!
The recent torrentfreak article lists a number of them that are now accepting BTC donations.
@_date: 2016-05-26 11:51:38
Yes and no.  The blockchain does not contain IP information.  However, there may be (are) companies trying to determine the originating IP of transactions for surveillance purposes.  A VPN may prevent one of these companies from determining the actual source IP of a transaction.  Tor would be better than a VPN for this purpose, because there is no single third party you have to trust not to log your info.
HOWEVER, a VPN/Tor does not prevent someone from potentially associating your Bitcoin addresses with the Bitcoin addresses of the party you paid or received bitcoins from.  This is the information contained on the blockchain.  To make these associations harder to make, you could use something like a mixer or joinmarket.  Or you could send through multiple wallets (multiple hops) for plausible deniability.  Instead of Coinbase -&gt; Bitpay, Coinbase -&gt; Core -&gt; Multibit -&gt; blockchain.info -&gt; Bitpay.  That sort of thing.
The blockchain does not contain your name or other identity data.  But if you use a company like Coinbase to buy or sell coins, you give them your id and they can use that as a starting point to try to identify and track your other bitcoin addresses.  A VPN will not prevent this, only something like joinmarket might.
@_date: 2013-10-10 20:53:42


The thing is, people have been saying that since 2011.  They were wrong then, and it seems to me that not much has really changed.  Bitcoin is still a paradigm altering technology largely misunderstood in the face of popular skepticism.  The Bitcoin audience is still very, very small in terms of the potentially global market.  There are still plenty of geeks and entrepreneurs in the world who haven't gotten into Bitcoin, let alone hedge funds, corporations and the man on the street.  When they do, the price is going to have to move.  $1.5 billion is a drop in the bucket.
@_date: 2013-06-20 13:05:39
I spoke with both Patrick Murck of the Bitcoin Foundation and Dan Friedberg at Bitcoin 2013.  Both seemed very knowledgeable and eager to be involved with Bitcoin clients.
@_date: 2013-09-26 15:24:24
Good read.  Unlike seemingly most everyone else in finance, Colas actually seems to get Bitcoin.  He also has the correct perspective on it's historical investment performance:


It might be a surprise to the capital markets, but as Bitcoin enthusiasts know it is literally *the exact same thing* that happened in 2011, and I don't mean a crash.  I mean, BTC started the year a given price, skyrocketed as awareness spread, then 'crashed', but ended the year up over 1000%.  Then in 2012 it quietly gained another 150%.  The only reason people are surprised is because they don't understand what Bitcoin is and they insist on looking for every excuse to dismiss it.  You'd think the critics would be catching on by now.  "Gee, no matter how much we make fun of Bitcoin, the price keeps rising!  Maybe we should try to understand why..."
@_date: 2013-11-27 21:33:27
Correct.  You can backup via a USB drive and/or a paper wallet.  Armory also lets you use a 'watch only' wallet on an online machine that can receive payments and monitor balances from an offline wallet, but not spend.  That way even if that machine gets hacked, your wallet is safe because your private keys are offline.  
@_date: 2013-04-05 21:48:13


Worth reading.
@_date: 2013-11-08 12:42:33
Bitcoin is the first of its kind.  Previous digital 'money' always required a central authority for issuance and double spending prevention.  
Digicash was an early attempt at cryptocurrency, but it ultimately failed due to complications arising from its centralized nature.
The Bitcoin Whitepaper by Satoshi outlines the problems that Bitcoin solves.  
@_date: 2013-11-27 03:38:25
You mean they not only ignored the existence of exchanges and web wallet services in their first paper, but they did it again in their second paper?  Now I remember why I didn't bother reading it.
Their next paper will probably reveal a link between Satoshi and Coinbase.  Did you know that Coinbase gave Satoshi his first 50 coins?  Ron and Shamir exclusive!
@_date: 2013-03-21 16:33:07
Healthy skepticism is, well, healthy.  You can't fault people for that.  Part of the problem is that Bitcoin defenders don't usually do a good job of explaining why Bitcoin is valuable.
Bitcoin is valuable because it is the only way to send money over the internet to anyone, in any country, in any amount, practically instantly, and practically free, without requiring the cooperation of any third party.  It has a limited supply.  It is not controlled by any company.  No one can prevent you from using it.  It cannot be arbitrarily created or inflated.  It's like cash or gold that you can send on the internet.  You cannot do this with any other currency.  I am constantly amazed by how much people can talk about Bitcoin while managing not to emphasize these important facts.
Bloomberg, if you want to cover Bitcoin, please get Erik Voorhees on the show and give him five minutes to explain to you why Bitcoin is valuable without interrupting him.  If he's not available, I might even be willing to do it.
@_date: 2013-12-21 14:22:00
No.  Double spend attacks are very expensive and not worth doing for a gallon of gasoline.  Most point of sale transactions work on zero confirmations.
@_date: 2013-11-01 11:46:58
Agreed.  Why would I use Bitcoin when I already have dollars?  Because you can't send dollars over the internet without the permission of a third party like Paypal or a bank who reserves the right to charge fees or deny you service, and who only works in certain countries.  Any merchant can accept bitcoins in payment, and he knows that no one can do a fraudulent chargeback like they can with Paypal or a credit card.
Bitcoin allows anyone to send money anywhere over the internet and no centralized third party can stop you.  This is impossible with dollars.
@_date: 2013-07-15 13:47:26
CampBX and MtGox both charge 0.55%.
You have to decide what kind of transaction you are talking about.  If you are talking about a merchant accepting a credit card in payment, then you are comparing a 3%-ish fee with either 0.99% instant BTC to USD conversion from Bitpay, OR 0.55% manual conversion on an exchange.
If you are talking about an individual or business converting BTC to USD or vice versa, the price is 0.55% on an exchange.
A single party is never on both sides of the transaction.  Even if you inexplicably combine the two, 1.1% is still less than what a merchant pays for credit card processing.  
@_date: 2013-12-17 09:08:08
Nice!  Interview is with Dave Birch.  He seems less guarded and more positive about Bitcoin in this interview than I've seen him in the past.  He emphasizes the payment network and the smart contract potential over the currency aspect.  Worth watching.
@_date: 2013-09-27 10:39:41
I think it's the same reason people buy Gold ETFs.  They don't want to hassle with the actual physical product, they just want to have a stake in the underlying asset.
Unlike many of us, most investors do not want to have to go to a special, potentially foreign, potentially dicey exchange for each commodity they invest in.  They may not be comfortable with their own ability to secure their coins.  They want to be able to invest thru mainstream channels they are familiar with.  Having a traditional fund they can buy like any other gives them a sense of confidence.  They may be willing to pay a percentage for the privilege.  
@_date: 2013-10-29 12:51:14
Agreed.  I meant the limit prevents never-ending inflation of the money supply.  
Until then, the mathematically controlled release of new bitcoins prevents the kind of arbitrary inflation that happens with the dollar, ala Quantitative Easing.  With Bitcoin, everyone knows how much money is being released, when and how, decades in advance.
@_date: 2013-02-19 01:56:08
No one 'knows' what BTC is going to be worth tomorrow.  That said, even if we do assume a more or less continual price rise, in my opinion you argument is flawed.  Either BTC is useful and therefore has value, or it's not useful and has no value.  
You're argument is akin to saying 'Bitcoin has no value because the value keeps going up'.  You can't have it both ways.  It's either more valuable than yesterday, or it isn't.  If the market determines it to be over-valued based on the laws of supply and demand, the price will fall until equilibrium is reached.  Just like any other freely traded commodity.
@_date: 2013-06-20 16:20:27
I've often thought that adding Bitcoin trading to existing PM exchanges like GoldMoney and BullionVault would make a lot of sense.
Felix Moreno of GoldMoney in particular seems very friendly toward Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2013-03-24 13:02:14
I like the idea of decentralized search.  However, this software is NOT open source.  Therefore their claim of being decentralized is unconfirmed.


@_date: 2013-08-30 12:55:54
Must read.  Clear explanation of why a blacklist is a bad idea.




@_date: 2013-04-12 16:47:34
Time will tell.
Also, Expensify seems to think the border crossing payment thing is pretty awesome:


@_date: 2013-06-25 14:18:29
It's a great idea and an obvious application for Bitcoin.  The problem is you have to have quality content that people want to watch AND can be licensed globally.  Which means in practice, you have to commission / create your own quality content, advertise it, and make sure that your potential customers around the world can get bitcoins to pay you.
That said, if you can pull it off, it would be awesome.
@_date: 2015-02-04 19:23:57
@_date: 2015-02-15 13:02:51
NYTimes quotes Kaspersky:


@_date: 2013-03-06 22:10:23
Because they are two different markets, they sometimes have a difference in price.  Trading to take advantage of these price differences is called arbitrage.  It's harder than it looks.  Bitfloor in particular has much lower volume than MtGox, so you can't necessarily assume that you can trade any volume at the last price.  Also, you basically need to have USD already available at the exchanges, since it can't generally be moved in quickly.
@_date: 2013-12-09 16:51:35
I've found I have to emphasize to people that you don't need to know how Bitcoin works in order to use it.  If you can use a smart phone or send an email, you can use Bitcoin.  
If I explain transactions and confirmations and all that, I always make sure to specifically tell them that all that stuff happens under the hood.  Otherwise some people think you actually have to solve mathematical puzzles to buy a cup of coffee.
@_date: 2013-03-01 21:29:34
That doesn't really change my point.
@_date: 2013-10-31 13:25:08
The block reward is halved every 210,000 blocks mined.  If six blocks are mined per hour, which is the target, it works out to about every four years.
In practice the time between halvings will probably be somewhat shorter.
@_date: 2013-11-04 17:50:56
I believe they wouldn't, but this paper argues that the possibility exists.  In theory a government or other well funded actor could attack the network in this way without regard for cost.
I'm saying the more spread out the hash power is, the harder it is to perform this theoretical attack.  The hash power of individuals who are running on P2Pool or solo mining is not susceptible to manipulation.  A rogue pool operator cannot misuse your hash power if you are not part of his pool.  
My concern is that some individuals like to post the opinion that mining should be left to professionals and not pursued by individuals or anyone who is not willing to invest in a large scale operation.  This is dangerous thinking, because if all of the individuals shut down then all that will be left is large mining operations that run their own hardware.  This becomes potentially problematic if these large operations decide to go rogue, are compromised by an attacker, or commandeered by a totalitarian regime.  Spreading out the hash power among many small independent individuals helps mitigate that risk and strengthens the network.
@_date: 2013-03-21 22:53:17
I never said anything 'isn't possible'.  I said bitcoin payments do not require cooperation of any specific third party.  If one party refuses to process your transaction for whatever reason, another party is highly likely to do so, and your transaction is highly likely to be accepted by the network.  The scenario you describe involves collusion between multiple parties who are scattered all over the globe.  Under normal circumstances this is unlikely to occur and is certainly not relevant in the context we are discussing.  My statement stands.
@_date: 2013-03-21 13:11:17
"...and Greedy When Others Are Fearful.
You forgot that part.
@_date: 2013-04-14 14:57:31
Understood that a big enough DDOS is a major challenge to deal with and will take time.  To be clear, I'm not a Gox basher.  I think they have done a good job all things considered.
I guess I'm thinking in terms of the solutions that services like Google and Netflix, and major exchanges like the NYSE and the CME, have in place.  Obviously they must have infrastructures that make DDOS-ing untenable, or attackers would be blackmailing them constantly.  I'm thinking the only thing that that level of protection really requires is (a lot of) money to spend on the infrastructure.
The problem is that if MTGox doesn't get that level of protection, they will probably be replaced by an exchange that does in the relatively near future.  If ThinkorSwim or whoever starts supporting Bitcoin trade on a stable platform that can handle the traffic, the existing exchanges will be in trouble if they can't offer comparable stability.  So even though the idea of acquisition might be distasteful, they are going to need to do something, because I have a feeling that just adding more servers piecemeal is not going to cut it for very long.  They need to be thinking Big.
@_date: 2013-11-01 11:50:39
Believe it or not there has actually been a huge improvement on wired and slashdot comments compared to two years ago.  Still a long way to go though.
You would think that Rob's comments about being obsessed with Bitcoin would have some positive influence.
@_date: 2013-12-09 16:41:41
Probably the most important thing you should understand about Bitcoin is that it is not just a currency; it's an internet payment network with a built in currency.  The payment network combined with the currency allows any person to send a payment to anyone, in any country, in any amount, practically instantly and practically free, without needing permission from any centralized third party like Paypal or a bank.  This makes Bitcoin different from anything that has ever existed before.  Herein lies the power; one of the reasons that none of the regular financial analysts understand why the price is so high is because they don't understand the unique properties of this currency + payment network.
You might want to check out the Bitcoin wiki at  if you haven't yet.  
And if you don't know you can check out the bar EVR in Manhattan - they take Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-11 01:49:11
The total number of Bitcoins currently in existence now is only about 10.8 million.  This means that it took about 4 years (2009 to 2013) to mine half of all Bitcoins.  The mainstream press has been covering Bitcoin since at least April 2011.  The people who mined, mined.  The people who said Bitcoin was a ponzi scheme and could never work because blah blah blah, did not mine.  They didn't make money.  Welcome to the free market.


Where are you getting this number?  Here is the latest list of the addresses with the highest number of Bitcoins in them:
As you can see the highest address contains approximately 1% of extant Bitcoins. 


There is a team of developers who work on the Bitcoin software.  You don't have to trust them.  The software is open source, which means the source code of the program is freely available for anyone to read and see exactly how the program works.  You don't have to trust anyone because you can read the source code.  There is no auto-update mechanism.  Ever person chooses for himself whether or not to install the latest version.  No one can force you to use it.
@_date: 2013-04-01 13:34:18
Thanks for the quick and honest response.  That's why I asked - I think potential pledgers would be more comfortable pledging if their funds could not be moved until the project was fully funded.  M of N signatures seems ideal for your application.
@_date: 2013-12-09 22:17:16
With Bitcoin, the merchant has a choice.  They can choose to accept bitcoins directly, where the bitcoins remain bitcoins, in which case they are exposed to price volatility risk.  The value of bitcoins as measured in dollars may rise, or it may fall.
However, many merchants choose to use a payment processing company like Bitpay to receive Bitcoin payments.  This is how the Tesla sale was done.  In this case, products are priced in dollars, and the price in bitcoins is determined at the moment of sale.  The payer is shown the price in bitcoins before he agrees to send the payment.  Once he sends the payment, the actual bitcoins are received by Bitpay, and immediately sold for dollars.  The dollars are then deposited in the bank account of the merchant.
The rates are not fixed, they are the current market rate balanced between a number of exchanges and updated every minute.  You can see the actual Bitpay rate of the moment here:
@_date: 2013-02-23 14:14:35
The 20% number is not accurate.
Forbes showed the highest balances as of June 2012.  One address held about 5% of the extant Bitcoins.
A similar list generated in Feb 2013 shows that the highest balance address holds about 1% of the extant Bitcoins.
As others have pointed out, the large balance addresses could be exchanges or online wallets.  Or not.  It is difficult to know for sure.
@_date: 2013-09-05 20:39:39
This article quotes Matthew Green of Zerocoin fame.
@_date: 2013-12-16 19:07:56


@_date: 2013-03-23 11:54:03
Yes, difficulty will skyrocket once Butterfly Labs ships their ASICs.  This is likely to completely wipe out the profitability of mining with a GPU.  ASIC profitability will start out high, and likely will trend downward until it is roughly analogous to mining with a GPU now.  No one knows how long that will take.  Could be a month, could be a year.  It depends on how many ASICs are bought and/or built and how long it takes to power them on.  It also depends on what the price of BTC does in the mean time.  If the price crashes and the difficulty skyrockets, ASICs ordered today will not be profitable in the short term.
ASICs are not magic money machines.  They are a high risk investment.
@_date: 2013-03-30 12:39:12
Worth watching.  This seems like a conversation between reasonable people trying to understand Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-04-01 13:08:12
Will you be using M of N signatures to secure the donations?
@_date: 2013-03-18 13:33:01
Great article.  This part is sobering:


(emphasis mine)
@_date: 2013-12-19 12:36:57
Early adopters?  You can't be serious.  People who bought at the peak of the April 2013 media frenzy at $266 dollars are up over 100% as of today.  Unless of course they panic sold because they didn't understand their investment in the first place.  
Anyone could have bought at any point between April and October and easily doubled their money.  If they didn't, it surely can't be blamed on the 'early adopters', many of whom have been patiently trying to explain to skeptical audiences why Bitcoin is awesome for years now.
The only people who are in the red are people who bought in the last 30 days or so.  Everyone else is way, way up.
@_date: 2013-03-09 17:33:45
This is the way all interviews about Bitcoin should go.  Great job Erik.
Bonus point if you can get on the show again, this time with Peter Schiff himself.
@_date: 2013-10-30 02:27:46
Although Bitcoin works everywhere, the legacy banking systems are often tied to a particular geo-political area.  Coinbase only works in the US, because you use the US banking system to fund your account.
There is a service in Australia called SpendBitcoins that you might want to check out.  They used to let you pay with Australian bank deposits.
You could also try localbitcoins.com, which connects people looking to meet up in person to trade bitcoins for cash.
@_date: 2013-07-01 12:12:41
Nice breakdown of the advantages of Bitcoin in a point of sale environment.  Worth a watch.
@_date: 2013-03-06 14:15:08
There are several wrong assumptions there.
1) Statement assumes Satoshi somehow knew bitcoins were going to be worth a lot of money some day.  This is impossible.  
2) Statement assumes Bitcoin is not useful for anything gold is not already useful for.  This is false.  Bitcoin allows money to be sent to anyone, in any country, at any time, in any amount, without the need for any third party.  This cannot be done with gold or any other currency or money system.  This, combined with it's scarcity, is what makes Bitcoin valuable.
3) Statement (probably) assumes money supply should be inflatable at the will of central banks.  This is debatable.  Bitcoin does not allow arbitrary inflation.  It is similar to a digital gold in that sense.  We already have many currencies with inflation.  Bitcoin is an attempt to try something different.
@_date: 2013-03-11 15:22:22
I understand.  If you assume that large deposits of precious metals will be discovered in space in the near future, mined and shipped backed to earth in a scalable and economical fashion, then yes, the logic is sound.  
@_date: 2013-02-16 12:32:26
SatoshiDice transactions are commercial transactions.
The reason people are speculating on Bitcoin is because of it's usefulness (and potential usefulness) for commercial transactions.
@_date: 2013-10-25 11:26:45
Worth a watch.  I'm not sure I agree that a world where there are dozens of ways to pay is actually better.  Think of all the fees and infrastructure nonsense the restaurant has to go thru to accept all those.
Any payment method controlled by a company is going to involve friction, almost certainly fees, and definitely is going to require permission / registration / TOS etc for both the merchant and the customer.  Why would I want any of that when Bitcoin is open to everyone on the planet by its very nature?  And it works *today*.
Also did you notice how the first payer in the short claimed he was 'anonymous' after the tablet said 'welcome back jason'?  Lol.
@_date: 2013-11-27 18:16:21
This is a Lamassu machine, I've used one, I can confirm they are very simple and quick as the video demonstrates.  Would use again.
@_date: 2013-03-05 19:09:55
More details here:
@_date: 2013-10-03 20:29:19
What I find amusing about it is that he implies the death of Bitcoin is imminent, but actually the answer to his question is positive for Bitcoin.
What will kill it indeed?  The answer appears to be 'nothing'.  Problems with exchanges?  Nope.  Blockchain fork?  Nope.  Silkroad shutdown?  Nope.  Each time Bitcoin survives an event like this, it becomes more likely to survive the next one.  
Commentators look for every opportunity to imply that Bitcoin is fragile and could be wiped out 'at any moment'.  Yet their forecast consistently fails to come true, almost three years running.
@_date: 2013-09-03 19:12:05
No one really knows if future mining will be profitable or not, because:
We don't know if the various ASICs will ship.
We don't know when the various ASICs will ship.
We don't know in what quantities the various ASICs will ship.
We don't know the price of Bitcoin tomorrow.
Fun facts: in June 2011, many said that GPU mining would stop being profitable in the short term because difficulty was going to skyrocket forever.  In reality, difficulty leveled out and GPU mining remained profitable.
In Q3 2012, many said that GPU mining would not be profitable because ASICs were coming out any day now and the block reward halving would murder profit margins.  In reality, ASICs were delayed and the BTC price rose.  GPU mining remained profitable for many more months.
So miners waiting for ASICs may or may not be profitable.  No one really knows.  
@_date: 2013-03-24 12:51:23
Evolve into what?  Amazon coins are not going to evolve into anything that has the advantages of Bitcoin.
Will Amazon coins be decentralized?  No.  Amazon controls them.  Amazon can create billions of Amazon coins at will.  Amazon coins are nothing but a digital gift card that is only redeemable on Amazon.  Amazon can freeze your Amazon coins, delete your Amazon coins, or stop accepting your Amazon coins for payment at any time.
If Amazon wants to make money on digital currency, their best bet is to buy bitcoins, and then announce that they accept Bitcoins, which would send the price of BTC through the roof.  Their own currency is nothing but Facebook credits and will have the same level of success.
@_date: 2013-11-05 12:04:08
Inflammatory headline, as usual.  But the actual text of the article contains the following:


@_date: 2013-12-16 14:42:59
Are they being intentionally dense?  It's obvious why a person would put the Bitcoin Trust in an IRA.  The same reason anyone puts anything into an IRA.  The potential for tax free growth.  Is it their argument that there is no risk in other retirement assets?  Is it their argument that a broker making money while a retail investor takes the risk is not the way all IRAs work?
@_date: 2013-03-20 18:36:11
Apparently this is the event he was speaking at:
@_date: 2013-11-04 08:46:58
It's conceivable that he could be doing an experiment or preparing for a class project about bitcoins.  I wouldn't jump to negative conclusions.  You might just ask him about it.
@_date: 2013-10-18 14:58:47
THERE IS NO "GOLD VS BITCOIN".  No one has to choose one at the expense of the other.


This is the correct outlook.  The answer is Bitcoin AND gold.
Physical gold may be more anonymous.  However, you cannot send gold anywhere on the planet (read: out of a hostile jurisdiction) at will.  Good luck fleeing a given country in economic turmoil with any amount of gold on your person.
You can store bitcoins in your brain and walk naked across any border.  This is impossible to do with gold.
@_date: 2013-03-04 19:39:52
If that were so, it would illustrate the system working: it's more profitable to mine honestly than to disrupt the network.
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:30:03
Not necessarily.  Bitpay instantly converts to your currency of choice if you choose that option.  Pretty sure (but not positive) that other processors like Walletbit and Coinbase offer this as well.
@_date: 2013-12-02 07:58:58
Namecoin and .bit domains would prevent this kind of thing, correct?
@_date: 2013-03-02 12:21:37
If you are a developer, I think you just solved your own problem.  The correct solution is to volunteer to make the gui and the websites better yourself.  
@_date: 2013-10-29 16:56:26
You can send it over the internet and hide it on a usb stick.  And / or in your brain.  Although the brain wallet option might not be great for an elderly person.
@_date: 2013-10-14 09:20:15
If you are just accepting bitcoins as payment for goods and services, especially if you are auto-converting to dollars via Bitpay or Coinbase, you do not have to worry about special regulations.  Just pay your taxes.
For exchanges, it's complicated.  In the US they have to register with FinCEN and possibly get licensed in the state(s) in which they operate.  MtGox is in Japan.  New exchanges like CoinX claim they are fully compliant with US regulations, but no one really knows because the relevant laws and definitions are open to interpretation and have not been tested in court.  
So the short answer is, as of this moment, no, we cannot get this straight.  Welcome to the bleeding edge of money, law and technology.
@_date: 2013-02-22 16:27:32
Perhaps, but that doesn't really change the security risks.  Smartphone prices are dropping.  I'm thinking before too long, they will be the majority if not the norm.
@_date: 2013-03-05 12:44:17
This is true, unfortunately.  Services that use a subscription model are likely to be more hesitant to promote payment with Bitcoin.
On the other hand, accepting Bitcoin completely eliminates charge back fraud and enables them to receive payments from a global, youthful, tech savvy market.  
How many 13 year old fans of american music live in the Philippines (or insert country here) and don't have credit cards?  With Bitcoin, Spotify can accept their money.
@_date: 2013-11-01 13:18:49
If I am interpreting this link correctly, it appears that you *can* sign transactions from a totally offline machine using the SX suite of tools released by genjix, *without* having to plug in a USB stick that has first been connected to an online machine.
The way you do this is by manually typing the transaction ID for the output you are spending into the offline machine while viewing it on an online machine.  You then transfer the transaction via a previously unused USB from the offline machine to the online machine.
I think.  I don't totally understand everything in the tutorial.  Perhaps someone more qualified than I can clarify?
@_date: 2013-05-02 00:13:41
There is an incomplete list of some places that accept Bitcoin for payment here:  
Also, you can buy coffee with bitcoins from several sites including this one:  
@_date: 2013-03-27 02:13:01
This is a great idea ^
@_date: 2013-08-02 12:43:56
Well said.
@_date: 2013-11-25 14:49:42
Very well done!  I was going to suggest adding material from the senate hearings.  "Cash is still the best way to launder money", senators comparing Bitcoin to the early internet and cell phones, etc.  Nice job.
@_date: 2013-11-07 16:49:16
I agree that such a system is likely to be developed at some point (Canada is already working on one.)  But what benefits of Bitcoin would it have?  Faster payments than ACH, ok.  But no chargebacks?  Unlikely.  The issuer will reserve the right to reverse payments, and since there will not be a truly distributed blockchain there will be nothing stopping them.  That makes USBitBucks no different from Paypal.  International payments at will in any amount?  Not likely.  Any individual in any country can generate as many addresses as they want, at will, without documentation?  No way.  Will the issuer agree to be bound never to increase the money supply?  Not a chance.
The issuer will be able to control access and manipulate the system at will, or there's no reason not to just use Bitcoin.  If the issuer will be able to manipulate the system at will, then the vast majority of benefits of using Bitcoin-like technology are lost.
@_date: 2013-03-29 11:16:31
Good perspective on how the internet looked to the average person in the beginning.  It's complexity and limited uses made it off-putting to many, to the point where it's practicality to non-geeks was not considered obvious.  The early adopters had to 'sell' the internet!  But in reality it had vast potential that was just getting ready to explode.
Some choice quotes:
On the first live band multicast (which was unauthorized)


On the layman's perspective:






On the potential for commerce:


So at this point in time, there was almost no commerce happening on the internet.  
@_date: 2013-03-18 17:28:58
Seems like good news.  Unfortunately the article skews several facts negatively without the reasonable counter perspective (mentions the 23% price 'collapse' but not the subsequent recovery).
Does anyone know if and/or how the Dwolla issues were resolved?


This is a strange sentence.
@_date: 2013-07-19 21:52:50
As others have mentioned, the place I would start is the Internet Archive Credit Union.
Additionally, some months ago Coinlab claimed to have a relationship set up with Silicon Valley Bank for their exchange services, so they might be friendly to other Bitcoin businesses.
@_date: 2013-10-14 18:46:10
I think the author is making at least two mistakes in his assertions about Bitcoin.
First, he asserts that Bitcoin must replace the dollar as the world reserve currency, or else 'fail'.  This is false.  Bitcoin does not need to replace the dollar to be useful and therefore 'succeed'.  Arguably it has already succeeded.
Second, like many other critics, he completely ignores the fact that using Bitcoin as money is the only way to send money anywhere in the world over the internet, at will, to any person, in any country, without a central third party who can deny you permission.  Legacy currencies and payment systems simply do not allow this.  So there is a compelling reason for both consumers and merchants to put forth effort to overcome the chicken and egg problem.
To be analogous to Bitcoin, Esperanto would have to be the first and only language in which it was possible to express some universal truth, or have some compelling utility that other languages lack.  This is not the case.  Everything that can be said in Esperanto can be said in English.  Bitcoin, however, can do things that are impossible to do using dollars or paypal.
@_date: 2013-03-28 02:30:20


I like this idea.  
@_date: 2013-07-12 13:21:22
No chargebacks.  Faster settlement.  Lower fees.
@_date: 2013-12-19 21:50:04
According to this article, certain hackers on russian forums have standing orders for email lists from bitcoin related sites.  
CampBX is specifically listed as one of the email databases they were looking for.  It looks like someone definitely obtained some email addresses.  Doesn't necessarily mean CampBX was compromised.  Obviously email senders yet cannot access your funds or they wouldn't need to phish.
Still, I hope CampBX is investigating this.
@_date: 2013-02-22 15:17:49
+1 insightful.  Excellent breakdown of the concerns that a lot of reasonable people have.


This statement elucidates the situation very well in my opinion.  Linux may be one of the best analogs for Bitcoin as far as public perception and adoption curve go.  It didn't take over the world overnight, but the network of geeks knew what it was good for, and before long it became the tool of choice for many of them.  Before you knew it, most of the web servers were running it.  Today, Linux is running a big percentage of servers, smartphones and consumer devices.  The public didn't understand why Linux was great in advance, but they didn't really need to, because they eventually liked the solutions built with it.
@_date: 2013-03-06 14:25:44
Serves me right for being cheap :)
+2 internets  verify
@_date: 2013-10-09 10:12:35
"Do you hear that, Mr. Anderson?  That is the sound of inevitability..."
@_date: 2013-02-21 23:08:17
Yeah I feel what you're saying.  No one knows yet how it will all play out, which is half the fun.  I'll take a stab at one possible answer:
What I like about Bitcoin is that I can do, literally, anything I want with it and I don't have to explain or justify my choice to anyone.  I don't like this because I'm 'skirting' something, I like this because it's more convenient.  For example let's say I want to hypothetically stream a movie from Hulu Plus or whoever.  With anything NOT Bitcoin, I have to provide Hulu with all kinds of info.  What's my name?  What's my credit card number?  What's my billing address?  What's my login name?  What's my password?  It's not that I care about being ANONYMOUS.  I couldn't care less about being anonymous.  The thing is giving Hulu all of that information is a complete waste of my time and doesn't benefit me in any way.  With a hypothetical Bitcoin streaming solution, the only thing they need is my bitcoin.  That's it.  To me, this is so far and away obviously superior to entering a credit card number and trying to convince Hulu of my identity by entering a bunch of irrelevant info that it's barely worth discussing.  That's just my perspective as a customer.  When you add in the fact that any revenue Hulu would get from bitcoin is completely immune from chargebacks and they can theoretically take Bitcoin payments from any country from any person regardless of citizenship, age, or credit rating, it starts to seem like a pretty good idea.  To me anyway.
I think the main thing preventing Bitcoin adoption as the internet payment standard is inertia.  But we seem to be gaining more of that every day.  
@_date: 2013-11-05 15:22:32
Great!  This is a worthy update in the vein of the classic weusecoins video.  Now if we could air this during the Superbowl...
@_date: 2013-03-11 20:20:21
This makes me think of two science fiction authors.  
Cory Doctorow, specifically the stories Printcrime and I, Robot.
William Gibson, specifically the quote:  "The future is already here.  It just isn't evenly distributed."
@_date: 2013-07-22 23:37:51
@_date: 2013-03-01 12:37:27
The reason Coinbase cannot offer it's services in every country has nothing to do with Bitcoin, but has to do with the legacy banking system.  It's very expensive and involved to offer banking services internationally, comply with regulation and all that.  Paypal has a 10+ year head start, and still does not operate in every country.  Conversely, once a person has Bitcoins, they can be used in any country.  That's why WordPress now accepts Bitcoins as payment.
If you're expecting acquiring Bitcoins to be as easy as Paypal as of today, you might be disappointed.  Nevertheless, getting them today is much easier than it was a year ago, and it's getting easier every day as new solutions are built.  Some entrepreneurs just built an ATM-like machine that sells you Bitcoins for cash.  Eventually, solutions like this are likely to proliferate.
Long term, it will get easier as more people learn about Bitcoins and demand rises.  As demand rises, entrepreneurs will have the incentive to create solutions that are both easy and cost effective.
@_date: 2013-10-17 17:38:37
"It's got no advantages over gold or any other real measure of value..."
...except that you can, you know, send it over the internet in any amount to anyone in any country at any time and you don't need cooperation from any bank to do so.  
@_date: 2013-03-21 11:52:36
A big company will not accept liability for instant international payment for anyone, to anyone, in any amount.  They are not likely to open source their product.  They are not likely to open source mining.  They are not likely to give up control of the network.  No corporate alternative can do what Bitcoin does.
@_date: 2013-10-30 12:01:32
Good interview overall.  However wouldn't it be better if the Bitcoin Foundation representatives recommended 'neutral' open source clients like the Android Bitcoin Wallet by default as opposed to products offered by particular companies?  
@_date: 2016-07-19 17:13:34


Er, even according to the [government's official statistics]( there has been 12% inflation since 2008.
@_date: 2016-07-16 12:36:05
I think it's a fair article that tries to address the concerns of both sides.


The problem with this viewpoint is that banks and credit cards have widespread adoption, yet they are not censorship resistant.  All of the benefits of Bitcoin arise from *mining* decentralization as secured by proof of work.  The idea that censorship of Bitcoin will be politically unfeasible if adoption is widespread but mining is centralized seems obviously false in my opinion.  The public seems to believe that there is nothing wrong with freezing bank accounts as long as it's not MY bank account, so why would they be against freezing money just because it's Bitcoin?  
Mining decentralization is crucial to maintaining the censorship resistance of the system, which means mining decentralization is crucial to the security of your money and the money of all users in all countries.  For now, at least, that means small blocks to keep mining as decentralized as possible.
@_date: 2013-03-14 12:17:49
I love the idea of people transacting in Minecraft with Bitcoin.
Also, your pig racing is awesome :)
@_date: 2013-07-12 15:06:52
Time will tell, but I think you are overestimating the value of chargebacks to consumers.  I have never needed to do a chargeback and I've ordered plenty of things online.
I have also bought a number of items with bitcoin online, and have never been scammed.  If consumers exercise basic common sense the risk is relatively low.  
Since no chargeback risk is an advantage to online merchants, they are likely to offer incentives to consumers who pay with bitcoin, like discounts.  So one advantage to consumers is lower prices.  If you want to pay a premium for the option of doing a chargeback, visa is still available to you.
You are also only considering the situation from the perspective of a consumer who already has a credit card and lives in a country considered low risk.  Some entire countries are locked out of the credit card system, because of consumer chargeback fraud.  Bitcoin could allow consumers from those countries to participate in online commerce, since the merchant accepting bitcoin can do so without fraud risk.
@_date: 2013-03-13 14:14:05
Must read!  One of the best mainstream press articles about Bitcoin I have yet seen.  Excellent summary / analysis of what is happening in the markets and the economy.  


This is the true power of Bitcoin.  This perspective is not usually well communicated by the press.  Excellent job.
@_date: 2013-02-15 15:44:38
Would you mind telling us what country you are from?
Edit: What I mean is, what country was your credit card issued in?  Thanks
@_date: 2013-02-19 20:13:04
I know what deflation is.  The definition of deflation does not change the fact that your argument contradicts itself.  The price of an unwanted commodity or money does not rise no matter how much the supply deflates.
If Bitcoin is a shitty currency, as you say, there should be no demand.  So why do you argue the price would continue to rise?
@_date: 2013-08-02 14:47:38
Agreed, there is no guarantee that an exactly equivalent price increase will occur following future reward halvings.  There is likewise no guarantee of an 'abrupt and catastrophic mining collapse'.


...and more profitable when difficulty decreases, which it will if mining becomes unprofitable, just like it did following the first reward halving.  The least efficient (unprofitable) miners slowly stopped mining, and the most efficient (still profitable) miners continued mining.
In other words, the system will continue to function like it has from day one.
@_date: 2013-12-06 16:23:59
The problem with merchants releasing numbers is that no amount of sales will satisfy the critics.  It's unrealistic to expect a large percentage of customers to start paying in Bitcoin on day one.  Regular people can't even acquire bitcoins easily at this time.  People cannot spend bitcoins they don't have.  Its far too early to interpret 'low' sales numbers of early adopter Bitcoin merchants as a disappointment or failure.  Right now it's mostly about letting consumers know the option exists.
@_date: 2013-09-08 12:09:52


To me, that sounds like a network connectivity problem.  Were the 3 clients that had problems on the same network / phone carrier?
Some handsets have various power saving / data saving settings that delay data transfer until a certain level of connectivity is established, or that batch uploads or downloads above a certain size and send them at once over wifi.
This issue may not have anything to do with Android Wallet but with the users' handset and/or data connection.  I use Android Wallet and I have never experienced this sort of delay.
@_date: 2013-12-18 17:09:03
Like sending money in any amount, to anyone in any country, practically instantly and practically free, without needing permission from any central third party like Paypal or a bank.
@_date: 2013-03-19 20:23:07
Good article.  I hope the Bitcoin Foundation is planning on using it's donations to stay on top of these kind of legal matters because this is no doubt just the beginning.
@_date: 2013-02-24 14:38:58
Agreed, the article itself is balanced and well-written overall.  
I've noticed the same phenomenon as you have - when I try to explain the advantages of Bitcoin, people keep reacting to things that I have not said.  Usually, their arguments are relating to taxes and anonymity.  Personally, I have no intention of dodging any taxes.  Anonymity, to the extent that there is any, is just a side benefit.  The important part is that Bitcoin is the only way to send money on the internet without a trusted third party.  
@_date: 2013-11-04 13:52:43
Whether or not this potential attack turns out to be feasible, it illustrates the importance of distributing the hashing power as widely as possible among relatively small time miners.  It seems to me that every Bitcoin company should have an ASIC or two running on P2Pool in their server room.  It's in the interests of everyone in Bitcoin to keep the network robust.  We don't want mining to be run by 'professionals' only, who might be tempted to participate in this kind of scheme.
@_date: 2013-03-12 01:02:59
Shamir's paper is rife with questionable assumptions and misunderstandings about how Bitcoin works.  It has been thoroughly debated on the forums.  For instance, he doesn't seem to have any concept of the idea of shared wallets such as blockchain.info or Mt Gox, and how the bitcoins that these 'entities' control is not actually their bitcoin, but the bitcoin of their customers.  So that proves nothing.  Not to mention the paper is months old and the wallet distribution it cites is no longer accurate.  The latest wallet distribution is in the link I cited earlier.  
Here is a very brief explanation of some of the paper's problems by one of the Bitcoin developers:
@_date: 2016-07-11 23:27:42
'Extraordinary circumstances' will be used as an excuse to prevent withdrawals every time there is a crisis.  Reason number 417 that decentralized, permission-less digital money is important for your business and your life.
@_date: 2013-11-20 14:59:55
Besides the initial drug dealer reference in the first sentence, it's mostly positive.
@_date: 2013-03-21 12:51:03
Up until now acquiring that much at a single go has required long waits to wire funds to MtGox and get verified, and / or make special arrangements.
This is likely to change in the very near future.  Coinlab might be your best bet, as they are supposedly going to make deposits and withdrawals much easier for US customers when the transition from Mt Gox is complete.  They are scheduled to come out of beta March 22.
If you are an accredited investor, you could try TradeHill.  Apparently they are also in beta at this time.
@_date: 2013-11-14 15:09:40
Is Patrick Murck no longer attending?  I thought he was going as the Foundation representative.  
EDIT:  Apparently there are two separate hearings.  Here is the other:
@_date: 2013-10-05 22:24:53
I believe this model is meant for indoor use (not unattended).
Website has more info and a contact link:
@_date: 2013-09-25 19:38:10


@_date: 2013-11-11 14:16:21
This type of thing already exists.  Using Bitpay / Coinbase / BIPS is already much easier than the process in this video.  It's just that this Subway is doing it relatively manually, which is a nice option to have.
In theory, any programmer could roll their own customized system for their business.  
@_date: 2013-04-12 13:57:14
Great post.  These are points that not enough people understand.
The media constantly makes false statements like "bitcoin has no inherent value".  This post illustrates why that statement is nonsense.  Bitcoin lowers barriers for global commerce on the internet by enabling anyone in any country to transact at will, without requiring permission from a paypal or a visa.  Bitcoin's open source nature also allows innovative solutions to be imagined and built that would be cost prohibitive or downright impossible with existing proprietary networks.
@_date: 2013-03-06 14:58:45
They'll have to nuke it from orbit.  It's the only way to be sure.
@_date: 2013-10-14 09:07:21
Good read.
@_date: 2013-03-15 22:11:21


If you accept that definition, then gold is also fiat
@_date: 2013-10-24 22:24:10
Interesting.  Responses of surveyed execs were all over the map about future prospects of Bitcoin, but overall the percentages of those positive about Bitcoin were higher than I was expecting.




@_date: 2013-08-28 15:39:25
Nice!  I especially like how you don't need to sign up for any account to access it.  No nonsense.  Just connectivity.
@_date: 2013-03-07 12:22:46
A thousand times yes.  There is no such thing as a 'bitcoin style system that has all the same benefits plus real backing'.  If it is backed by some authority, then it requires that authority to function.  Therefore it does not have all the same benefits as bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-01 22:46:41
Ripple is not Bitcoin 2.0.  Ripple does not tranfer 'any currency', it transfers IOUs for 'any currency'.  The only currency Ripple transfers are XRPs, which are a Bitcoin ripoff that does nothing Bitcoin doesn't already do and was pre-mined by the Ripple company. 
Good outline of concerns with Ripple here:
It is now open source, but the other concerns still apply.
@_date: 2013-11-20 11:54:39
Bernanke said that *the FED* didn't have authority to regulate Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2013-03-14 00:56:20
But it would be totally cool if Bruce Wayne jumped in right?
"It's all a bit technical, but the important thing is that Bitcoin's future is secure"
@_date: 2013-07-13 17:10:18
The easiest way is to use a company like Bitpay which will auto convert and deliver USD to your bank account daily for 0.99%.  This is significantly lower than CC fees which are in the neighborhood of 2-5%.
@_date: 2013-03-17 14:01:34
It's harder than it looks for a number of reasons.
It takes time to move USD into exchange accounts.  It also takes time to move BTC into and between exchange accounts (usually 6 confirmations).  
As on any market, you are not guaranteed to be able to trade at the last price at all, let alone at any significant volume.  This goes double for the smaller exchanges with lower liquidity.
Trade fees and deposit fees eat into your profits (churn).
That said, it can and is being done.  You basically have to have USD and BTC sitting on the exchanges in advance, and it doesn't hurt to have a custom interface to the exchange APIs.
@_date: 2013-11-04 16:24:20
Her assertion that stock options are worth something has burned many in the past.  Stock options are tied to the fate of a given company being successful, honest and competent.  I was given stock options during the dot com bubble as part of my compensation.  They turned out to be worthless.   
Bitcoins are not dependent on any one company.  Bitcoins are more real than stock options.
@_date: 2013-04-02 11:04:29
To be fair, a meteor could hit the earth and wipe out all life in seconds.  
We had a glitch three weeks ago.  Fixed in six hours.  The price doubled since then.  There is no reason to believe a catastrophic glitch will wipe out Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2013-03-05 18:54:27
Must have meant Wikileaks?
@_date: 2013-03-01 00:41:09
I don't think anyone here is arguing that price volatility in itself is good.  
However, pointing out that a newly invented, first of it's kind in history global digital free market currency has a volatile price compared to existing 'managed' government currencies is not very useful.  
Bitcoin is new and very different from anything that came before it.  Of course it's volatile today.  This does not invalidate the entire experiment or mean it has failed as a currency.  The volatility will (hopefully) smooth out as Bitcoin is adopted more widely and stands the test of time.
@_date: 2013-11-27 12:05:34
Not really, it just moves the control of the recurring payment from the merchant to the customer.
If the merchant provides a payment address, in theory the customer could schedule a recurring payment from his Bitcoin wallet to that address.  I'm not sure if any current wallets support this functionality today, but no doubt the feature will be built in as wallet software matures.
@_date: 2013-11-28 08:01:33
Why don't you sign your post with your PGP key?
@_date: 2013-03-30 12:13:58
Precious Metals
@_date: 2016-07-17 17:46:37
The most efficient miner currently available for purchase can be found here: 
As for profitability, no one can tell you for sure because we don't know future difficulty and we don't know future price.  Run your own numbers using bitcoin mining calculators like these:
Understand that the difficulty can go both up and down, and the price can go both up and down.  Cheaper electricity is better.
@_date: 2013-11-14 00:39:10
I have a lot of respect for Peter Schiff, it's a shame he doesn't understand Bitcoin yet.  I hope Voorhees is able to appear on the show, not to argue with Schiff, but to help him understand that Bitcoin and gold are not at odds.  
The question is not 'is Bitcoin better than gold' or 'is Bitcoin an alternative to gold'.  The question is, can you send gold over the internet?  If not, then what hard money can you send over the internet without a trusted third party?  
No one is saying everyone should give up gold in favor of Bitcoin.  You would have both, obviously.  I would hope that someone as intelligent as Schiff would be able to see the advantages of being able to move any amount of money electronically without being dependent on a bank or on the fiat of any country.  It's possible he simply doesn't understand the math that makes limited supply and decentralization possible, and is therefore cautious.  
The other possibility is he has a vested interest in trying to create the next gold backed private currency and he sees Bitcoin as a competitor.  I kind of got that feeling when watching 'End of the Road'.
@_date: 2013-12-20 13:37:04
Bitpay and Coinbase are fully aware of this issue.  If Bitcoin succeeds, payment processors will eventually be redundant because everyone will accept bitcoins natively.  This is natural and correct, but is a long way off.  By the time this happens, bitcoins will likely be worth much more than they are now, and these companies will profit from that.  No doubt they will diversify their Bitcoin related service offerings as the landscape changes.
I think the Bitpay and Coinbase guys would be thrilled if Bitcoin was popular enough for big companies to roll their own solutions.  That is a sign of Bitcoin succeeding.
@_date: 2013-03-18 01:37:19
It is true that the server cannot spend your bitcoins.  However, a malicious Electrum server could send you fake transactions, making it look as if you have received payment that you have not actually received.  Personally I would not characterize that risk as negligible, but everyone has a different amount of risk they are comfortable with.  
@_date: 2013-10-29 21:43:29
Do you mean you cannot afford to spend $200?  You don't need to buy an entire Bitcoin.  If you only want to buy $20 worth, you can purchase 0.1 bitcoins (or whatever).  Coinbase is probably easiest if you're in the US.
@_date: 2013-07-23 18:33:41


I'm pretty sure the SEC's involvement was indeed solicited by some victims of Pirate's fraud.  I seem to recall an online manhunt to determine Pirate's identity and location.  Members of the bitcointalk.org community uncovered his identity based on DNS registration and other slips.  
@_date: 2013-12-09 13:28:49
This is the only insightful thing in the article.  Apparently the implications of this are lost on the author.
@_date: 2013-03-07 18:32:00
Has anyone noticed that the percentages of Revenue over Usage are highest for the Bitcoin Solution?
Coinbase payments are only 2% usage but 3% Revenue.  That's 50% higher Revenue than Usage.  Compare PayPal, which provides a smaller percentage of Revenue compared to Usage.  That's a good thing for Bitcoin right?  Am I misinterpreting that?
@_date: 2013-07-12 14:41:19


Right.  But businesses can't accept cash over the internet.
The context is about online businesses accepting Bitcoin in payment and what the advantages are.  No possibility of fraudulent chargebacks is absolutely an advantage for honest businesses operating online.
Businesses have a much higher incentive to be honest than consumers do, so that they will get repeat business.  With Bitcoin consumers will need to be more choosey about the reputation of the business they order from and businesses will have to ensure they act honestly to maintain a good reputation.  
Chargebacks are a negative because online businesses are shit out of luck every time a scammer does a chargeback.  This costs them money and results in higher prices for everyone.
@_date: 2013-10-16 11:15:40
It's more of a symbolic thing.  Wordpress is a well known, important internet company that recognizes the value and power of Bitcoin.  In my opinion that was a major event.
You can't expect the entire world that hasn't yet heard of Bitcoin and doesn't yet have an easy way to purchase it to suddenly flood Wordpress the day after the announcement.  Particularly since they offer their basic services for free.
@_date: 2013-11-25 15:06:15
Perfect.  The Richard Brown interview has some good quotes as well.  When he's talking about how Bitcoin solves the double spending problem with a distributed ledger secured by cryptography: "I'm a computer scientist - I thought that was impossible".  
@_date: 2013-04-10 00:22:10
Agreed that spending is necessary to support the Bitcoin economy.
Disagree with reports that claim 'everyone' is hoarding and 'no one' is spending.  What about the $500k spent at Bitcoin store?  What about $5 Million Bitpay recently reported?  What about the 50%+ transactions on the network that are SatoshiDice (read: commercial) transactions?  
My personal favorite way to spend at the moment is buying gold and silver with Bitcoins at one of the (at least) four online bullion dealers that currently accept it.  You can diversify / hedge your recently appreciated Bitcoin investment into bullion while simultaneously supporting the Bitcoin economy.
@_date: 2013-03-07 21:48:51
Awesome!  Bitcoins are the perfect payment method for all-digital services like CBT Nuggets.  Congrats on taking the plunge!
It will be much cooler after you have the banner on the homepage tho :)
@_date: 2013-03-20 13:10:37
As I see it, the problems with the 'deflation is bad' argument are the unspoken assumptions.
"Deflation is bad" assumes a single currency in use in a politically defined geographical area.  Bitcoin in the real world does not fit this criteria, as it is a second, voluntary currency co-existing with many local fiat currencies in a global market (the internet).  In my opinion, this fact alone changes everything.  Any argument that treats bitcoin as if it were a single local currency is incomplete at best.  
Their argument assumes bitcoin as a deflationary currency will *always* rise in price.  This is not reality.  The reality is the price will rise and fall as do other free floating currencies.  They do not address arbitrage opportunities between currencies.
They do not address the scenario of receiving wages in one currency, exchanging some, and spending and/or saving in some combination of the two currencies.  They do not address the scenario of receiving wages in two currencies.  They do not address the idea that a local fiat currency might be more advantageous for some expenditures, but Bitcoin's unique properties might make it more advantageous for other expenditures.
They say wages will have to fall if priced in a deflationary currency and present that as bad, but they ignore the fact that goods and services for both businesses and individuals, i.e. expenses like food and rent, will be cheaper, and they fail to present that fact as good.  
They say wages are too sticky for employees to allow them to fall, but they ignore the fact that employees already hate the current system in which they are losing actual buying power to inflation.  They apparently haven't considered the simple idea that annual raises might not be necessary if a currency's buying power was increasing on it's own.
They say say that a deflationary currency discourages investment, but they ignore the fact that under our inflationary currency, people have less money to invest.  They ignore the idea that a deflating currency might effectively increase the capital that people have available to invest.  They ignore the idea that if a person has more buying power available to him, he will be more tempted to spend it, thereby 'stimulating' the economy.
I know this happens because it happened to someone I know, a bitcoin miner.  He just made an investment in new ASIC mining equipment.  He was able to do this because he was holding deflationary bitcoins that increased in value.  If his bitcoins had not increased in value, he would not have been able to make the investment, because he would not have had the capital available.  In this case, deflation increased his buying power and enabled his investment.
They say a deflationary currency will hurt creditors, but they don't consider the possibility that all of this debt might be a bad thing in the first place and discouraging taking on massive debt might be worth considering.  They don't consider the rise of new debt instruments that compensate for the deflationary expectation.  
So these arguments against Bitcoin on deflationary grounds are not well thought out.  It's clearly more complicated than "deflation is good/bad".  
@_date: 2016-07-17 22:12:14
Why would you assume no one would be interested without even looking?
There are at least four listings on localbitcoins right now in Havana.  
@_date: 2013-04-10 10:39:24
There is a fourth one that started accepting Bitcoins recently that I have not used, I can't seem to remember the name of it at the moment.  GSB in particular has quick service and reasonable premiums.
EDIT: Found number four: 
@_date: 2013-11-24 14:26:14
Bitcoin transactions are instant.  It is confirmations that take time.  In practical terms, after one confirmation (about 10 minutes) the transaction can usually be considered 'final'.
Merchants already accept credit cards.  How long until a credit card transaction is 'final'?  A credit card transaction can be reversed weeks or months later.  So worst case scenario, Bitcoin is much, much, much faster to finalize than credit cards.
@_date: 2013-11-20 00:14:17
Garzik's eye roll when the the lawyer was going on about terrorists was classic!  
The Fincen rep clearly said there was no evidence that terrorists were using Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-26 13:32:49




This is Apple's fault, not Bitcoin's.  Apple store refuses to approve Bitcoin wallet apps.  We would all love to see Bitcoin apps on iStuff.  Take it up with Apple.  Nothing to do with Bitcoin.


Dwolla's fault.  They have to comply with AML.  Nothing to do with Bitcoin.




MtGox / AML problems.  MtGox is not Bitcoin.  Nothing to do with Bitcoin.


Growing pain.  The market is still small.  Congratulations, you're an early adopter.
Exchanging bitcoins is hard, just like exchanging any other currency is hard.  If you want euros for dollars, you have to go to an exchange point.  If you want bitcoins for dollars, use localbitcoins.com.  Hand someone cash, they send you bitcoins.  Done.  
We all share your frustration.  Dealing with the legacy banking system nonsense really made me realize just how revolutionary an advancement Bitcoin really is.  Once you have them, actually using bitcoins to make a payment or move your own money is dead simple and practically instant, and you're not beholden to the processes of any single third party.
As for the pain points in acquiring bitcoins, obviously there are challenges that still need to be overcome.  It has never been easier than now for a non-miner to acquire bitcoins.  It will continue to get easier as entrepreneurs fund and build new solutions.
@_date: 2015-02-04 13:41:42


How many do you need?  There is nothing proprietary about how mining works.  Any company can manufacture an ASIC.  Some of these companies will be successful, some will fail.  This is capitalism.  As long as Bitcoin is useful it will be useful to mine, and those miners will need equipment and will be willing to either build it themselves or buy it from someone.  Companies will compete to fill the legitimate need with legitimate products.


Why would you blame Antminer for something BFL did?  Prospective miners will do research before they order to determine whether the company is legit.  There is no need to do a group buy when you can get an S5 direct from the manufacturer for $350.
@_date: 2013-09-09 12:39:26
Forgot the link:
@_date: 2013-03-06 14:07:51


+1 internets verify
@_date: 2013-03-16 22:57:18
Very cool. 
It's hard to say bad things about Bitcoin after you've actually bought something with it.  
@_date: 2013-12-09 17:34:29
Nice writeup!  You might also mention that unlike credit cards and Paypal, there is no possibility of chargebacks for a merchant who takes payments in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-27 12:41:01




@_date: 2013-05-12 12:28:15
Like it or not, it is inevitable that the blockchain will be analyzed by data mining firms.  It's public information after all.  It contains data on the movement of money and consumer spending habits.  Anyone who can make sense of this data will be able to sell it to marketers.
How effective this analysis will be in revealing the identities of transactors remains to be seen.
@_date: 2013-02-23 14:49:01
@_date: 2013-11-04 23:21:40
Sweet.  It's impossible to escape the parallels between Napster and Bitcoin when watching Downloaded.  All the detractors were dead wrong about Napster for all the same reasons they are wrong about Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2013-11-27 23:21:48
Don't forget state income tax could be 5% or more.  Some cities have their own taxes on top of that.
@_date: 2013-10-09 12:14:28
Interesting.  Even Mastercard's own blog concludes that 


@_date: 2013-07-25 14:26:53
You implied that banning the sales of something for the express purpose of mining bitcoins is somehow illegal or wrong, like murder.  It is not.  So your comparison to selling something for the express purpose of murder is not valid.  Was there some other point you were making?
@_date: 2013-03-29 21:21:12
That was embarrassing.  For them.   
Dear Bloomberg, if you're going to talk about Bitcoin, please interview someone who actually knows something about Bitcoin.  
How about Shakil Khan, founder of Spotify?  How about Barry Silbert, founder and CEO of SecondMarket?  How about Tim Draper, the venture capitalist?
@_date: 2013-11-27 21:38:42
That website is not the best place to get info on Bitcoin.  That said, getting money out of Mt. Gox is currently problematic and time consuming unless you have a Japanese bank account.  The rest of us use Bitstamp, CampBX, Coinbase, BTC-E, BTCChina, LocalBitcoins, etc, depending on our preferences and our country of residence.
@_date: 2013-03-31 15:50:14
Sort of.  The movement of bitcoins can be seen between wallet addresses, because every transaction is recorded in the public blockchain.  However, there is no name associated with wallet addresses by default.
It is possible for a person to leak information that associates them with a wallet address, however.  Like by publicly posting your wallet address, or by giving your wallet address to an exchange or merchant.  
@_date: 2013-10-03 19:14:19
Same here.
@_date: 2013-03-11 14:34:43


Whether that ends up becoming true or not, you are not going to convince any goldbugs with this argument.
People who like gold and silver because it cannot be arbitrarily controlled or inflated by central banks should love Bitcoin for the same reasons.  If you want others to appreciate your viewpoint, you should look for common ground, not attack the beliefs that they hold dear.
@_date: 2013-11-29 14:09:34
Good points made in this article.  Most people don't understand that they do not own the money in their bank accounts.  The bank does.  All you own is a promise from the bank to pay you back.
@_date: 2013-06-15 12:59:22
I thought it was interesting that David Mills, Senior Economist at the Federal Reserve Board of Governers, acknowledged that "Issuer of money enjoys seignorage that provides an incentive to over-issue"
@_date: 2013-11-05 12:57:28
Great article!  


@_date: 2013-08-26 15:33:26
This is great.  We need more like it.
@_date: 2013-07-02 23:45:51
Bitcoins have value because anyone can use them to send money to anyone else, anywhere, in any country, in any amount, practically instantly and practically free, without needing the permission of any central third party bank or payment processor.
Bitcoin cuts out the middleman for internet payments.  Even for legal uses, why have a third party processor if you don't need one?  Why pay a bank a cut of every transaction if you don't have to?  Why give someone control over your money if it's not necessary?  
The more people begin to understand this, the more demand for bitcoins there will be by entrepreneurs, merchants and consumers.  Rising demand + limited supply = rising price.  People have been making your argument for 2 years now, but the price charts show the opposite of what you are saying.
@_date: 2013-07-23 11:46:14
Nothing is foolproof and it never will be.  Are cars foolproof?  Yet we risk our lives on the road every day.
A fool and his money are soon parted.  Bitcoin is no different.
@_date: 2013-10-16 10:42:52
2012-11-15 - Wordpress Accepts Bitcoin for Payment
It seemed to me this was the beginning of what turned into the 2013 explosion of interest in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-17 09:42:08
How would adding transaction fees help?  If they're about to be shut down, there will be no fees because there will be no trades.  
None of this panic makes any sense.  The actual official PBOC statement two weeks ago, posted at BTCChina, says "Bitcoin trading constitutes a method of buying and selling commodities online, and ordinary people are free to participate".  
It makes no sense for the PBOC to say that ordinary people are free to participate if they are going to make it impossible to deposit and withdrawal money to and from Bitcoin exchanges.  Especially because they also said that Bitcoin exchanges must register.  What would be the point of registering the exchange if no one can put money in it?
I think this news is being reported in a way that is leaving out important information.  The truth is going to turn out to be along the lines of 'third party payment companies cannot work with Bitcoin exchanges, but you can still deposit and withdrawal directly from your bank account.'  Otherwise why would the PBOC not simply order the exchanges to shut down and be done with it?
@_date: 2013-11-12 17:22:46
Every one of these services only works or will only work in the US.  
Every one of these services will require bank accounts and will involve transaction limits.  
Every one of these services include counterparty risk.  
Every one of these services can deny you the freedom to transact or access your own money at any time.
@_date: 2013-03-14 15:53:16
If I am understanding the link correctly the USD conversion / direct deposit price has been reduced to 1.7% down from 2.69%.
I would think this would have been announced but I can't seem to find any mention of it. 
@_date: 2013-02-23 16:38:21
Fair points, and I hope you're right.  As a consumer, I'd love to have one in my neighborhood.  I'm just saying that the entrepreneurs purchasing the machines, stocking them will dollars, and renting the space to put them need to make the numbers work for them too.  They need a sufficiently dense number of Bitcoin users in a relatively local geographical area.
@_date: 2013-03-17 19:01:55
This might be useful.  Particularly the section entitled, "No really, WHY does Bitcoin have value?"
@_date: 2013-03-25 21:21:31
Doesn't putting your bitcoin address in your sig more or less accomplish the same thing?  That way anyone using Bitcoin can already tip you no matter what the forum.  
Obligatory:)  1As4NKDFqqob2stoQbHpyUFA7jJmjZjeYj
Otherwise, you have to convince every website to implement it separately - seems like a lot of work to accomplish something that can already be done natively.
@_date: 2013-12-17 12:58:38
Inflammatory title ignores the fact that there are still plenty of banks appearing on the list of ways to fund your account at BTCChina.  


So only the third party providers have been removed from the funding list.  Banks have not been removed, and are apparently still doing business with BTCChina.
@_date: 2013-12-11 14:26:26
The article is mostly fair - it points out that Bitcoin is being used to purchase many different categories of legitimate products.
@_date: 2013-11-27 21:55:34
Well 'shouldn't' is debatable, but yes.  There are several options for price quoting.  Some people use Bitstamp.  Some like to use BitcoinAverage.com which gives you options.  CoinDesk.com is promoting their price index.  The Bitpay exchange rate is a useful benchmark as well.
Mt Gox was the first exchange and until very recently the one with the most volume, in may ways they are the standard.  
Essentially you should use the price that you can actually sell for.
@_date: 2013-09-24 16:35:29
From the wsj link:


At least that won't be problem with Bitcoin
@_date: 2013-12-09 13:09:53
On the one hand, it's good that he's open minded enough to try to buy some bitcoin to actually spend.
On the other hand, it's really irritating that they are still so ignorant about it.  Bloomberg has been reporting on Bitcoins since at least April and none of these people who feel qualified to comment on Bitcoin even know how to buy one?  
His hesitance to give Coinbase his info is no different than when Paypal first started, and everyone was afraid to give Paypal their info.  Once you do it and the world doesn't end, you wonder what you were so worried about.  Also, significantly, giving up your info has nothing to do with Bitcoin.  It's only required because of AML regulations and anti-fraud measures made necessary by the reversible nature of credit cards and ACH.  You would think people who comment on finance for a living would know this stuff.
EDIT to continue rant:  They never point out that the only reason you need to meet in person is because you can't send dollars over the internet.  Do they not know that, or are they being intentionally disingenuous?  Props to Kirkpatrick for trying to explain.  Of course they won't let him talk for more than 10 seconds before interrupting him.  When are they going to do a serious interview and let someone explain Bitcoin to them without interrupting with stupid inflammatory questions?
@_date: 2013-10-07 12:10:15
Even an 'instant' US money transfer system would not be in the same league as Bitcoin.  It would still only work in the US, it would still require a bank account, and all of the bureaucratic inefficiencies and exclusionary policies that implies.
What if the guy they interviewed from England wanted to send money to the hosts in the US?  You're right back to slow, expensive wire transfer.  What if you're a minor or an immigrant or an expat or person with bad or no credit?  What if you're an international corporation and you want to move your own money between branches in different countries?  Bitcoin allows anyone in any country to send money to anyone else in any amount, for any reason, at any time, and it works *today*.  Bitcoin allows *anyone* to do *whatever they want with their money*.  Any solution involving a bank is by it's very nature taking control away from the individual and giving it to someone else.
This doesn't even take into consideration the other features of Bitcoin, like known limited supply and programmability.
@_date: 2013-09-24 18:00:27
I'm saying that due to innovations like Bitcoin, WU's high fees are going to have to fall sooner or later.  They can't beat Bitcoin's transfer costs of almost zero.  Their choices are to live in denial until they make themselves obsolete by allowing more forward thinking companies to eat their lunch, OR to lead the way into the future of money transfer by associating themselves with Bitcoin enabled technologies.
Somebody is going to collect transaction fees at Bitcoin ATMs.  It might as well be Western Union.  They are uniquely positioned to do so as they already have locations around the world and all of the appropriate licenses where applicable.  For now, Bitcoin startups do not have the resources for rollouts on a global scale.  WU has an opportunity to beat them to the punch and establish themselves as leaders in the market.
I don't care which company does it.  Bitcoin is happening regardless.  It just seems to me that a company like WU has already overcome the regulatory hurdles that are delaying the Bitcoin startups.  A company like WU could get more done faster.  WU could probably get away with charging higher fees than Bitcoin startups because WU's existing customers would be comparing the fees to WU's already high fees.  It's a win for Bitcoin either way.
@_date: 2013-04-14 14:32:42
Although I agree that the way it pushes adware is irritating, the Spigot install is not 'silent'.  It gives you the option to decline (which I did).
Hopefully, accepting BTC donations will allow them to reduce dependencies on adware.
@_date: 2013-10-15 14:21:11
This doesn't really clear anything up.  The only actual new government statement:


So despite the title, the spokesman did not specify whether or not an encrypted or unencrypted Bitcoin wallet file was found on Ulbricht's personal machine.  They only said they seized what they were authorized to seize, namely the funds in the servers at the IP addresses listed in the complaint.
Oh, media....
@_date: 2013-08-25 14:58:41
The article starts out good, but eventually devolves into the same old argument that Bitcoin is "imaginary" and we need a commodity based currency issued and controlled by some central authority.


In other words, a variation on Egold, where the central issuing authority must be trusted as a central point of failure.  Who is going to audit the actual commodity reserves?  What is your recourse if this "foreign financial institution" supposedly "free from meddling" pulls a Nixon Shock and decides it doesn't want to allow you to redeem your currency for actual goods?  
Bitcoin does not require trusting any central authority to "back" it.  It is valuable in itself, as a payment network that can send scarce digital cash anywhere in the world at will, practically instantly and practically free, verified by the decentralized network and the immutable laws of mathematics. The commodity backed currency the author describes does not have this functionality.  
@_date: 2013-11-21 13:51:02
These strike me as non-problems.  
1.  You price in dollars.  We have machines that can instantly and automatically compute the price in BTC.  "Computers", if you will.
2.  Refunds are for the dollar amount, converted to BTC at the point of refund.  Merchant keeps an exchange account with a few dollars in it.  When a refund is requested, merchant buys dollar amount of BTC at the market price and refunds it to customer.  Merchant does not have to hold BTC if they don't want to.
Maybe it's a little clunky as of today, but that's mostly because it's still unfamiliar.  These are not show stopping issues.  Accepting Bitcoin is certainly no more risky than accepting a credit card that might be charged back.
@_date: 2013-11-29 15:16:18
This vid could be used to explain why it doesn't matter who Satoshi is.  
He deserves a ton of credit for the conceiving the idea, creating a working proof of concept, and sharing it with the world.  But since then many many others have contributed to improving the system and making it what it is today.  As an open source project, literally anyone with the desire and the skill can look at the code, see what it does, and submit changes.  If their peers agree the changes have merit, they will be included in the system.
@_date: 2013-03-18 14:11:15
Ha!  If only my reply had been so succinct :)
@_date: 2013-12-18 18:17:18
I'm glad you have not had a bad experience.  Many others have.  My intent is not to fear monger or hate on Paypal.  The fact is that with any system controlled by any corporation or bank, you need permission.  Bitcoin offers an alternative to that model.  Bitcoin makes possible a world in which individual humans can transact over the internet at will, without permission from expensive, inefficient intermediaries.  
Price volatility is real as of today, but does not invalidate the massive potential utility of the Bitcoin system.  Personally, I have not lost any money in Bitcoin.  I've been saying exactly the same things for the last two plus years for exactly the same reasons.  Many have disagreed with me, and no doubt many will continue to do so.  Meanwhile, the price of BTC has been volatile, but the long term trend has been up.
@_date: 2013-08-30 16:00:42
I think it's pretty clear that Garzik is arguing that building blacklists into the Bitcoin ecosystem is a bad idea.


As he explains those who maintain the blacklist are not blacklisting stolen coins, they are blacklisting transactions that may be related to ALLEGEDLY stolen coins.
We already have a court system, laws against stealing, and the principle of innocent until proven guilty.  A blacklist for allegedly stolen coins is a 'guilty until proven innocent' policy.  Garzik is saying that he and the other Bitcoin developers should not be asked to judge preemptively whether or not a crime has been committed using certain funds.  That is a job for the court system.
@_date: 2013-03-06 13:58:02
From his SecondMarket profile:


@_date: 2013-03-04 16:20:13
The two are not alike.  The dollar is a worthless piece of paper that required backing by a physical commodity.  Bitcoin is a cryptographically verifiable global money transfer mechanism that does not require a third party.  It's value is inherent.  It doesn't need backing.  
What you describe would just be EGold in Singapore.  Can you backup your Egold?  No.  Can you be certain the gold actually exists in the vault?  No.  Can your gold backing be seized?  Yes.  This would be nothing like Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-10-30 02:21:16
You might try BTCChina, a well known Chinese Bitcoin Exchange.  
@_date: 2013-11-29 18:34:00
Two weeks ago is irrelevant.  Both coins started at zero.  The market values Bitcoin at 30 times the value of Litecoin.  
@_date: 2013-08-15 13:34:11
Below post from a user in China explains some of the unique benefits he gets from using Bitcoin for online transactions (cuts out slow and expensive middlemen from both a financial and technological perspective)
@_date: 2013-10-16 11:24:08
Was that your advice when this video was made and bitcoins were at $34?
@_date: 2013-10-01 14:56:14
Did Bloomberg change the title from "Dooms" to "Harms"?  
@_date: 2013-02-28 15:00:00
This link is fantastic.  My favorite part:


+bitcointip 1 Internets verify
@_date: 2013-03-06 22:47:27
Actually they would not necessarily need your online wallet login.  All they need is your public address.  The balance of this address is visible in the blockchain.
For example:
@_date: 2013-08-03 13:26:14


Ridiculous.  Mining becomes MORE profitable when the BTC price rises, not less.  
Since the above is obvious, I am left to assume you are trolling.  Adios.
@_date: 2013-03-18 02:12:06
I like the explanation Wordpress gave when they started accepting Bitcoins:




Bitcoin allows you to send money over the internet to anyone, anywhere, in any country, in any amount, practically instantly, and practically free, without needing the cooperation or permission of any third party.  Paypal requires Paypal's permission and is restricted to countries in which Paypal operates.
@_date: 2013-10-30 11:47:51
True.  Hopefully you're not carrying a fortune on your mobile, just as you wouldn't carry your life savings in your pocket.
@_date: 2013-11-19 19:56:56
Bitcoin is not a company.  It is a protocol for using money on the internet.  Bitcoin is to cash what email is to paper letters.
Bitcoin lowers barriers to participation in internet commerce for the unbanked.  Any merchant or individual with internet access can use Bitcoin or accept it as payment without needing to pay a bank for the privilege.  
A merchant who accepts payments with Bitcoin is immune to credit card chargeback fraud.  A consumer who uses Bitcoin does not expose himself to identity theft the way he does every time he uses his credit card.  
The internet was not well understood by critics when it was new and unfamiliar.  Like the early internet, Bitcoin is currently misunderstood.  Please don't allow reactionary concerns to blind you to the positive potential of this ground breaking technology.
@_date: 2013-02-15 14:48:18
Ok, I didn't know that.  Either way, the fees are quite small.
@_date: 2013-11-09 23:58:14
Right?  If 2011 could see us now...
@_date: 2013-03-04 13:29:12
No it isn't.  Amazon coins are created at will from nothing by Amazon.  They are not transferable.  They are completely controlled by Amazon and will only be available in the the US.  Amazon coins are nothing but a gift card.
@_date: 2013-12-18 16:44:37
I don't think that's the right lesson.  The right lesson is that text messaging is not really that complicated, it just seemed complicated because it was unfamiliar to people.  People who were not used to it had to learn how.  Once you learn how, you can do it in your sleep.
Using Bitcoin is not that complicated either.  Scan QR code.  Type amount.  Hit send.  
@_date: 2013-10-31 19:47:13
That is a problem.  So the Armory offline wallet cannot generate a transaction itself?  
@_date: 2013-03-18 17:22:53
I wish all Bitcoin websites would make their sites functional for NoScript users.
@_date: 2013-03-28 12:36:22
Insightful article.  Had to quote the below:




@_date: 2013-03-23 14:43:06




In this article, Jim Rickards basically confirms the usefulness of Bitcoin as a potential global money transfer / payment system.  
@_date: 2013-08-30 16:10:10


Well put.
@_date: 2013-09-27 14:55:16
Personally, I agree with you, acquiring bitcoins is more unfamiliar than it is difficult.  But at this point in time, I think there are a non-negligible number of individuals who would be more comfortable purchasing a regular fund through regular channels perceived to be less risky.  From their perspective, there is less counterparty risk in trusting SecondMarket than there is in trusting MtGox, for example.
Of course, that doesn't change the fact that purchasing a fund to invest in bitcoins gives up much of the control and functionality that holding bitcoins yourself gives you.  
@_date: 2013-12-20 15:12:34
Great talk Andreas.  Bookmarking.
@_date: 2013-12-19 02:38:54
Sounds pretty vague.   But the Richard Brown interview they mention is a must watch.  He does a good job of explaining the importance of Bitcoin as a decentralized asset register.  Emphasis on decentralized.  I can't help but think that any system patented by IBM would lack that key feature.
@_date: 2013-03-25 17:39:52
That link shows transactions relayed by a particular IP to blockchain.info. Not transactions necessarily originating from that IP.
To test, make a transaction.  Enter your IP address in the link you provided.  You will not necessarily see your transaction.  You will likely see transactions that you did not make that were relayed by your node.
@_date: 2013-03-05 18:47:25
This is one of the better articles I've read lately.  The author does a decent job of summarizing the various viewpoints on Bitcoin without heavily favoring any of them.  
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:19:10
Point taken I suppose, but to me this is kind of like saying that cars have no value unless people agree to risk their lives to drive one.  It might be a true statement, but it ignores the reality that people who understand that cars allow them to get where they want more quickly generally come around to the idea of using cars.  
I believe that as more people see others benefiting from using Bitcoin, they will increasingly accept the idea of using Bitcoin themselves.  This leads to the acceptance of the idea that bitcoins have value.  And once you get used to using it yourself, it's advantages become obvious, and this increases your confidence in it's value, particularly over time.  
So in summary, I concede your point that confidence is required for Bitcoin to be useful, just as confidence is required for anything to be useful.  In practical terms, Bitcoin is useful, albeit to a limited extent, and I believe it will only become more useful in the future as more individuals experience it's value first hand.
@_date: 2013-02-17 13:01:40
A new site allows you to order Dominos and Pizza Hut (in the US) and pay with Bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-03-07 17:42:40
A growing number of reporters seem to be writing articles about Bitcoin that actually consider it's merits with an open mind!  +1
@_date: 2013-09-05 21:30:23
Howard Dean says he is open to the idea of accepting Bitcoin donations!
@_date: 2013-10-17 10:31:10
Writing style is a little unconventional, but unlike many 'news' items about Bitcoin, this article actually contains reporting that is not just parroting hearsay.  Includes discussions with Ver, Matonis, David Perry, and Mike Gogulski.


EDIT: Title of this post is odd, the article does not have anything to do with sex
@_date: 2013-02-22 05:56:53
"embiggen" ha good word :)
@_date: 2013-02-16 12:36:00
Well said.
@_date: 2013-11-06 18:38:00
At the moment the price is volatile.  Over time it will eventually stabilize as Bitcoin is more widely adopted and the market becomes more liquid.  Most merchants currently set their prices in dollars.  If you are worried about the volatility you can sell the bitcoins as soon as you get them.  If you want to automate the process you can use a service like Bitpay or Coinbase to immediately turn your coins back into dollars.
In my opinion the volatility is an overstated risk.  What the media never mentions is that the price rises more than it drops.  The price rises because demand is rising as more people discover the power of Bitcoin.  It's volatile from day to day, but if you look at a long term chart you can see that the long term trend has been up.  
@_date: 2013-03-11 12:59:09
Your example ignores the other side of the coin, that a person may have paid only $300 for the Bitcoins that were eventually spent at a $1000 value.  It's not terribly complicated to see why people will like this.
@_date: 2013-12-06 13:23:17
But in all fairness Bitcoin's performance up until now *has* been unrealistically good compared to the expectations of mainstream financial commentators.  BOA never would have said bitcoins would be at $1000 a year ago, or even two months ago.  So the idea that they are going to set a maximum on its value now doesn't seem very credible to me.
I mean, what maximum value would they have assigned Bitcoin if they would have made this analysis in December 2012?
@_date: 2013-11-11 13:55:00
I love how mainstream commentators who are starting to say cautiously positive things about Bitcoin are now using the qualification "seriously".  
And now, Bitcoin... no, *seriously*, what's interesting about Bitcoin...
@_date: 2013-03-21 17:32:17
Good comment, I mostly agree.
It seems to me that the term 'deflationary' itself contains assumptions that do not hold in the context of Bitcoin.  The assumption is that the value of a 'deflationary' currency (Bitcoin) always rises.  This assumption is not rooted in fact.  The price of Bitcoin does not always rise and therefore a holder of Bitcoin does not in fact 'know' that it will be worth more tomorrow.  Because he does not know that the price will rise, he may be incentivized to spend Bitcoins when he believes the current Bitcoin price to be overvalued.  I know this is true because I've see Bitcoin holders exhibit this behavior in real life.  Obviously this varies in degree and per individual and exact circumstances.
If a person acquires 100 BTC at a price of $100, and some time later that same 100 BTC is worth $1000 (extreme example), he now has $900 worth of spending power that he did not have before.  In my opinion, a rational person may decided to spend or invest that $900, since he does not have any guarantee that the value of his BTC will continue to increase.  Therefore, he may decide to spend to 'lock in' his current gains.  
@_date: 2013-03-07 18:25:22


Disagree.  We are talking about a one time set-up fee / learning curve and three weeks of history.  It's too soon to judge any potential cost benefits.
Additionally, you don't know how many of those Bitcoin purchases could not have been done with any other payment method due to country of origin or other factors.
@_date: 2013-03-21 17:39:06


This is quite a statement coming from a former VP and presidential candidate. 
@_date: 2013-11-01 13:30:03
More like international money transfer isn't ready for Bitcoin yet
@_date: 2013-11-27 21:19:58
Armory is generally agreed as the most secure solution.  It is not a web wallet like blockchain.info, it runs on a desktop.
@_date: 2013-10-30 12:17:43
No, that was intended.  What I mean is that Bitcoin is not an investment 'product', like an annuity or a corporate bond or a fund that Charles Schwab tries to get you to buy so they can charge you 'administrative fees'.  It's a digital money and payment system that happens to be a good investment because of its unique properties.  Bitcoin could be compared to commodities.  Wheat or oil or gold may or may not be good investments, but they are not investment 'products'.  They are commodities that people need or want because of their useful properties.  
In contrast, the Winkelvii ETF and the SecondMarket Bitcoin Fund are investment 'products'.  I draw the distinction because I feel that many people think that some salesman is trying to 'sell' them Bitcoin as an investment product, so the salesman can make fees.  I think it's important to note that that is not what Bitcoin is.  Bitcoin is a potentially world changing technology that is controlled by no one, and open to all who want to participate.  The good investment piece is just a consequence of that.
@_date: 2013-07-24 13:09:19
Interesting and informative interview.  I'm surprised this didn't get more attention when it was posted.
@_date: 2013-03-13 15:57:02


At first I thought this was just some blogger making an overly ambitious statement, but apparently the author is the "Head Of Dealing Cyprus at eToro".  Not sure what exactly that means in practice, but it sounds like he probably knows what he's talking about.  
His linked in Profile:
EDIT: I narrowed the quote for clarity
@_date: 2013-02-27 15:38:52
Agreed.  Institutional investors officially entering the fray would be viewed by many as legitimizing Bitcoin as an investment and as a currency.  It would then be impossible to claim that Bitcoin is only useful for fringe elements.  This can only benefit liquidity and adoption.
@_date: 2013-10-16 02:56:48
"Bitcoins are not illegal in themselves and have known legitimate uses."  - Federal Agent Christopher Tarbell, FBI, from the Criminal Complaint filed against Ross Ulbricht.
@_date: 2013-08-30 16:50:43


So he argues that bitcoins are guaranteed to go up in value while he simultaneously claims that "people don't care" and Bitcoin will be the Myspace of money.  Then why will they continue to go up in value?
Also, he has vested interests in credit card companies and loyalty programs.  Not exactly an objective observer.
@_date: 2013-10-05 10:52:42
Pretty cool stuff.  I know this kind of thing has been in the works for a while (Serval, etc) but I wasn't aware of how much progress has been made.  Looks like meshnets are up and running!
Bitcoin would be an ideal option for communities and individual operators to use to fund their 'volunteer' meshnets.  Micropayment friendly, no authorization needed, no payment processor needed, just works in every country.
@_date: 2013-09-19 19:23:11
The key concept is that Bitcoin users have a choice about whether to escrow a transaction or not.
A paypal user or a visa user has escrow forced upon them, with no option to transact online without a third party controlling the transaction and taking a cut of the transaction.  
Bitcoin users can transact using an escrow service that offers chargeback-like functionality, or they can choose to transact person to person with no middleman.  Bitcoin is an open source protocol that has the flexibility to do both.  Paypal and Visa are proprietary networks that do not have this flexibility.
@_date: 2013-02-22 14:42:20
I would advise strongly against encouraging customers to log in to their online wallet accounts, exchange accounts, bank accounts, or even webmail accounts from the cafe computers.  You are correct, the key logger / data theft risk is unacceptably high.
I would sell BTC at the register, from your tablet or phone directly to the customer's smartphone wallet via QR codes.  Of course, ensure that your tablet or phone is always physically secured.  Maybe have some print outs about how to use Bitcoin Spinner and Blockchain.info so customers can set it up quickly or in advance.
@_date: 2013-04-10 11:24:59
The comparison this article draws between Bitcoin and other disruptive technologies like the PC is apt.  This point is still not well understood by the press.




@_date: 2013-03-18 13:14:40


I would say, "bitcoin is solving problems that they don't KNOW they have YET".  Before Bitcoin was an option, Paypal provided a useful service, but it was still a sort of necessary evil.  With Bitcoin, there is no need for a middle man between the customer and the merchant.  Why would you choose to pay a middleman if you don't have to?  
I agree with you that Bitcoin adoption will not happen overnight.  This is because it will take time for the public to realize why Bitcoin is different and why it is better.  
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:08:39


100% agreed.  Still can't send a gold bar over the internet.  All of the reasons that Wordpress, Expensify, Namecheap, Reddit, Mega, and all the others cited for accepting Bitcoin still apply.  The fire has started.  Bitcoin's advantages are becoming more understood and are not going away.  
@_date: 2013-02-21 20:51:09
I've always thought a bitcoin payment proxy type app and/or website would be great.  It would allow you browse to say, Amazon (ideally any website), and place your order, but when it came time for payment, you would send the equivalent amount in BTC to your service, and your service would place the CC order with Amazon on the back end.
So from the customer's perspective they would be buying with bitcoins.  To Amazon, it would just look like a credit card payment.  I imagine you would take a smallish fee.
Basically BitPay, but with the proxy in front of the customer instead of in front of the merchant.  Like the buy anything service at spendbitcoins.com used to be, but fully automated.  
@_date: 2013-11-10 17:11:17
So 2.1 quadrillion units is too low?  It seems to me that any tweaks to the specification that a company would make are likely to be to the advantage of that company at the expense of other users of the coin.
Nobody can stop them from trying, but my perspective as a consumer is why would I want to use Amazon coins when I already have Bitcoins?  Why would I want to exchange my decentralized Bitcoins with 3.6 petahashes of security for less decentralized, less secure Amazon Coins only accepted by Amazon?  It's an advantage for Amazon because they have a walled garden, but how is that an advantage to me, the customer?  As far as I can tell, it isn't.  I see no difference between a crypto Amazon coin and the existing Amazon Coin.  They already have gift cards.
Even if we assume that Amazon and Visa and others release truly open source coins, are we then to expect that miners are going to be mining 300 different cryptocurrencies, each of which is 0.33% percent as secure as one decentralized cryptocurrency would be if all the hash power were used for a common blockchain?  Are we going to have to worry about auditing the codebase of 300 coins?  Obviously it will be an individual choice, but I don't see how that scenario is desirable.  We already have Bitcoin.  Bitcoin works today, everywhere that has internet.  Bitcoin is more distributed than any other is likely to become.  We already have a bunch of imitators who seem to become less relevant by the day while Bitcoin flourishes.  We already have scrutinized code and a network that has stood the test of time for years.  Each new competitor is less decentralized, less secure, less stable, less tested and less accepted than Bitcoin right out of the gate.  


So we keep hearing.  When 'something like it' comes out that has actual advantages over Bitcoin without sacrificing key concepts like decentralization, I will re-evaluate my stance.  Until then, its Bitcoin all the way.  I doubt it will out-competed by any corporate product, for the same reasons that Bitcoin was not invented by a company in the first place.  Because Bitcoin fights for the users and companies fight for themselves.
Colored coins are different because they are built on top of Bitcoin.  IMO they make much more sense and stand a much better chance of success than every company with delusions of grandeur trying to start 'their own' Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-09 15:44:35
"Free" electricity is a big advantage in Bitcoin mining no matter how you slice it.
@_date: 2013-02-28 14:14:40
The truth is never counter productive.
@_date: 2013-03-21 21:31:16
This is puzzling.  Reddit already accepts payments in bitcoins for Reddit gold.  Since it is automatically exchanged by Coinbase who then delivers US dollars to Reddit there doesn't seem to be any reason they could not do the same thing for advertising.
Refusing payment for ads in bitcoins prevents Reddit from taking money from 90% of the globe (apparently).  Why would they want to refuse money from 90% of the globe?  Do they want to sell advertising space or not?
Somebody get  over here
@_date: 2013-03-14 16:53:15
Ah, I see.  It all makes sense now.
I thought I remembered a page that had a more specific fee breakdown but I couldn't seem to easily find it.  So I figured they had updated it.
@_date: 2013-06-21 18:09:43
It does not effectively change any rule.  The moment this happened, the actual miners who give the cartel it's power would migrate to honest pools en mass, and the cartel will have succeeded only in destroying itself.   They would forfeit the future block rewards and transaction fees they otherwise would have gotten if they had remained honest.
@_date: 2013-03-24 13:14:13
This seems like it has a lot of potential!
I'm curious as to how a user withdraws their US dollars.  Does each user have their own MtGox account?
@_date: 2013-11-03 12:10:46
According to the Bloomberg article:






@_date: 2013-07-11 13:17:37
IANAL and if you're worried about it, I suggest you consult one.  
That said, the Fincen 'guidance' says that anyone selling Bitcoin for dollars 'as a business' is a money transmitter.  This is odd, because a person selling bitcoins in person is clearly NOT transmitting anyone's money.  Unlike generic MSB's, money transmitters are special and there is no $1000 minimum to be considered a money transmitter.
That said, Patrick Murck and other lawyers have expressed the opinion that the Fincen guidance is overly broad and some assertions that it makes would not stand up in court.  
Also, Fincen says that their comments about Bitcoin are 'guidance' and do not constitute new rules.  This is significant because to issue new rules, there is a process that includes a required public comment period.  Murck asserts that the guidance makes new definitions (virtual currency administrators, etc) and therefore goes beyond guidance, and constitutes new rules.  
TLDR:  Opinions vary.  Rules that apply to individuals selling bitcoins in person have not been tested in court.  If you require a legal opinion, you should contact a lawyer.  
@_date: 2013-06-16 13:36:13
The reason Paypal is not available in over 60 countries is not because of a lack of internet connectivity, it's because Paypal must closely integrate with the local banking systems.  Bitcoin, in theory, does not have this requirement.  In a third world where unbanked populations had internet connected smart phones, Bitcoin could enable transactions with much less friction than Paypal.  All that is required is a willingness to transact with bitcoins.  No permission from legacy infrastructure required.
@_date: 2013-03-18 13:00:51
Thank you!
@_date: 2013-12-17 08:34:50
Whether it's shocking or far fetched is not the question though.  None of this has been confirmed.  Where are the interviews with these people?  If the news is legit, why did they delete their tweets?  Where are the announcements from the affected exchanges?  These are questions I'd like answers to.
@_date: 2013-12-18 22:42:27
I understand your frustration, but that issue is external to using Bitcoin.  I can send you bitcoins at will.  The problem with dollar exchange is that you cannot send me dollars at will.  You can only send me an IOU from Paypal or a credit card company or a bank who has the power to reverse the 'dollars' out of my account and back into yours.
To avoid this reversible dollar problem, you can hand someone irreversible physical dollars in person.  They give you irreversible bitcoins in exchange.  It's as easy as buying a cup of coffee.  
Hopefully Bitcoin 'ATMs' will make this even more convenient in the not too distant future.
@_date: 2013-10-23 13:55:58
Reasonable article that describes a local bitcoin exchange in a mostly positive non-sensationalist way.
@_date: 2013-03-21 18:12:48
Worth watching.  
@_date: 2013-11-30 01:51:34
Nice!  Can't stop the signal.
@_date: 2013-10-30 12:57:51


Wrong.  The system already works.  It's been working for almost five years.  The whole point of the Bitcoin system is that there is no leader or institution!  That's why you're writing about it today!
These guys.  "Bitcoin would be great if somebody could be in control of it, and by somebody I mean us!  Buy Ripples!"  Yawn.
The blockchain fork was fixed by dev guided miner consensus.  The miners could have chosen not to do it.  They chose to do it because it was obviously in the best interests of the Bitcoin network to do what they did.  That is not centralization.  That is individual actors coming to a consensus.  


Congratulations, you've invented Paypal.
The second the 'core' devs try to push something that breaks Bitcoin, like centralization or chargebacks or gatekeepers, the code will be forked and the centralized half will find itself using a inferior paypal-like product in a much smaller US sandbox.  Meanwhile, the real Bitcoin don't care.  You think the Chinese and the Argentines are going to be inspired by your USCorpCoin?  Not likely.
@_date: 2013-10-28 11:44:57
Someone is going to mine them.  The most efficient miners will do so profitably.  Some miners seem to think it is in their interests to discourage others from mining, so that their own mining operation will be more profitable.  This is shortsighted, because the health of the Bitcoin network depends on mining being as distributed as possible.  
The profitable miners are those with the cheapest electricity and the most energy efficient hardware.  The problem is that if you don't yet have a powerful ASIC and you order one today, you really don't know when you're going to receive it.  You will be at the back of a long line.  While you're waiting to receive your ASIC, the difficulty is likely to rise by a big number.  So your ASIC will take a while to make back the purchase cost, perhaps a year or more (or possibly never).  Once it does, if your electricity is cheap and your ASIC still works and difficulty is not too too high, you may make some money.  Unless the the next generation of ASIC hardware is already shipping, in which case you will have to have ordered that early on to stay in the game.  It's an arms race.  
If you want to mine you should look at it as a hobby that might make a few bucks.  ASICs are not magic money machines.  You are competing with everyone else (tens of thousands of miners) for the same few bitcoins.  It may be profitable, but it is not likely to make you a mountain of cash, unless you order the next gen hardware early and have a very cheap electricity.  Also, many of the ASIC companies have very short track records or none at all.  So there is also a risk that your ASICs will not perform as advertised.  Proceed at your own risk.
Here are two popular mining calculators:
Be aware that these calculators rely on certain assumptions about the difficulty.  These assumptions may or may not turn out to be correct. 
@_date: 2013-10-10 20:21:42


Although I see the point you are making, I don't think this is necessarily always true.  Services like AOL and Compuserve tried to create their own corporate version of the internet that they thought people would want if they marketed it hard enough.  And to be fair, they partially succeeded, at first.  But eventually, people came to realize that they wanted the 'real' internet and AOL added no real value.  If anything, AOL restricted what a person could do.  This served as an advantage to the AOL company, but not to the users.  
In my opinion, that is what is likely to happen to corporate bitcoin copycats.  They are more of an advantage to the companies who issue them then to the users of the system.  The companies will be forced to handicap their product at the whims of whatever jurisdiction in which they operate.  Bitcoin is headless and does whatever the user wants, regardless of jurisdiction.  It's difficult to imagine any bank offering such a product.
Also, linux is running lots and lots of servers, tablets and smart phones.  So I'm not sure it's accurate to say that it hasn't been widely adopted just because it didn't conquer the desktop market.
@_date: 2013-09-25 12:15:07
I second this.  His talk at Bitcoin San Jose was also good.
@_date: 2013-02-19 12:00:16
Very well explained.
@_date: 2013-06-15 12:42:23
I'm not sure your conclusion is supported by the footnotes.  The papers quoted are mostly academic research.  David Chaum, as far as I know, was not employed by the NSA.  The NSA paper is citing the academic research, not vice versa.
@_date: 2013-12-18 17:56:35
Perhaps.  How do you define permission?  Paypal permits you to use their service, and you cannot use their service unless they permit it.  Paypal monitors all transactions and can prevent or reverse any transaction at their sole discretion.  At any time Paypal can question your motives and the burden is on you to prove yourself innocent.  You have to start filling out forms and answering questions.  "Why do you send so much money?  What is it for?  Who is it for?  Where did you get it?"  etc.  
Bitcoin transactions are based on a mathematical protocol, and therefore Just Work.  No permission from anyone is needed.  No limits on amounts or frequency.  No justifications needed.  No credit rating needed.  No bank account needed.  No arbitrary biases against any particular geo-political regions.  Bitcoin works everywhere, for everyone.
@_date: 2013-04-29 15:11:28
Nice.  For those unfamiliar, Chamath Palihapitya's LinkedIn profile says he was formerly




@_date: 2013-11-21 21:10:31
Nice.  PPL uses a service to accept credit cards that charges their customers a $3.95 fee for the privilege of paying with a credit card.  PPL apparently has 1.4 million customers in PA.  Accepting Bitcoin could save their customers collectively millions of dollars a year.
@_date: 2013-02-16 19:17:08
It sure sounds like he's actively endorsing them to me.  He announced it in his twitter feed!
@_date: 2013-06-30 14:59:09
Fixed that, thanks
@_date: 2013-03-09 13:05:36


If only more economists were willing to admit this.
@_date: 2013-06-30 12:46:22
As a general rule, no tech support should ever ask you for your password.  Also, passwords should never be emailed.
@_date: 2013-02-15 13:29:34
Yes.  Also it might be worth noting that you can choose not to pay the transaction fee.  However, your transaction will take longer to complete, since transactions with higher fees are likely to be processed first.
Also worth noting is that the current default fee is something on the order of a few cents, and it's only that high because the price of Bitcoin keeps rising.  It will probably be lowered again soon.
@_date: 2013-03-17 18:52:43
Bullion dealer reaches $50,000 in Bitcoin sales
@_date: 2013-10-13 22:35:56
Interesting video.  The question is, will the mobile money of the future be centrally controlled by corporations (like Ericsson or Vodafone) and balkanized based on arbitrary political borders erected in a pre-digital world... or will it be decentralized and truly globally inclusive, like Bitcoin?
@_date: 2013-11-24 16:32:12
Robocoin?  Lamassu?  TravelersBox?  ID requirements?
@_date: 2013-08-08 20:12:57
The dollar must also be doomed, since the SEC, FBI, IRS, Fincen and Homeland Security also warn about fraud, scams and crime using the dollar.
Author failed to mention that Fincen has no issue with individuals buying and selling goods and services with Bitcoins.  
@_date: 2013-12-09 13:56:17
Interview with Sarah Meiklejohn, worth reading.






So in other words, Bitcoin is probably anonymous enough to keep the transactions of a typical motivated person private, but probably not anonymous enough to enable large scale money laundering.  Lawmakers take note.
@_date: 2013-03-03 12:20:06
And you have to trust those VPN providers with your name on your credit card number.
@_date: 2013-03-07 20:13:08
This is nonsense.  Currencies have a price in other currencies so they can be traded for each other.  The Euro has a dollar value.  You can trade a Euro for dollars, that doesn't make the Euro 'backed by' dollars.


Correct.  If everyone sold off their Dollars, the value of dollars would decline.  This is how all currency markets operate, it is not unique to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-27 16:14:06
Couldn't help thinking of Bitcoin listening to this song.






(Escape club lyrics should not be considered investment advice)
@_date: 2013-03-25 11:09:45
The transactions are visible, but you don't necessarily know who owns the address, or if the same person owns multiple addresses.
Notice there is no name listed.
@_date: 2013-09-11 20:17:14
There's more detail in an older article.  It sounds like they were just asking for donations via twitter and posted an address.






@_date: 2013-04-24 11:40:56
If you already have bitcoins, it's much easier to pay a bill using bitcoins if the option is available.
To convert my bitcoins to dollars for the purposes of bill pay, I have to send them to an exchange, sell, transfer to dwolla (hours), transfer to checking (days), and then pay the bill.  If it happens to be a weekend between dwolla and checking, it's even more days.
If I already have bitcoins, paying my bill with bitcoins is faster, easier, and simpler.  Obviously it would be better if utility companies accepted them directly, but we're not there yet.  One step at a time.
That said, 2% fees would be much more attractive to me personally.  
@_date: 2013-03-21 16:00:55
There has never been a currency with limited supply because the people who control the currency always eventually succumb to the temptation to devalue it by printing more.  This profits the issuer at the expense of everyone else.
That's why Bitcoin is different in a significant way.  No one can arbitrarily print more of it, because the rate of inflation is fixed by mathematics and ensured by the decentralized nature of the network.  No human, company or government can devalue it.  Nothing like Bitcoin has ever existed before.  Before the global internet and public key cryptography, nothing like Bitcoin was possible.  
@_date: 2013-03-13 21:52:42


I've never used eToro so I can't speak to the quality of their service, however I know that TDAmeritrade offers cash bonuses for opening new accounts with deposits.  
See here: 
I'm pretty sure ING's Sharebuilder has used similar incentives in the past.
Arguably, the business of any brokerage is to generate transaction fees.  All brokerages make money off the users.  
@_date: 2013-12-18 16:27:10
Look at the long term chart.  Bitcoin has absolutely demolished the S&amp;P every year of its short trading existence, including this year.  Critics have been attacking it the whole time.  
After the April 2013 'crash', people like you said the same thing you are saying now.  Today bitcoin is over 100% higher than it was at the peak of the April 'bubble'. 
Nothing has changed.  Bitcoin is still a paradigm shattering internet currency and payment system the like of which the world has never seen.  
@_date: 2013-02-15 13:14:16
One way to get people to see the power of Bitcoin is to give them one to spend.  For example, if you're in the US, you could let them order a pizza with (your) Bitcoin.  Then when the pizza is delivered, they might realize that Bitcoin is actual, spendable money, and not (just) some nerd fantasy.
@_date: 2013-11-27 21:58:49
Correct.  You can have as many wallets as you want.  Just be careful with your coins, make sure you have backups of your wallet files.  
@_date: 2013-10-08 16:20:06
So the article is about Paypal announcing QR code support but the picture is of a Bitcoin payment.  And they somehow forgot to mention in the article that Paypal is doing this in response to the popularity of Bitcoin.  Wow.
@_date: 2013-10-24 18:10:12


@_date: 2013-04-12 15:01:12
This can be said about anything.  You can't pay someone in dollars if they don't think that your dollars are worth anything.  You can't pay someone in gold if they don't think that your gold is worth anything.  
My point was that markets are fickle.  Bitcoin is still useful for the things Bitcoin is useful for.
@_date: 2013-12-18 17:37:11


Um, no.  Perhaps you are referring to *buying* bitcoins?  The delays in buying bitcoins have nothing to do with Bitcoin.  There are delays because the company (like Coinbase) selling you the bitcoins has to do anti-fraud and anti-money laundering checks on you to make sure that you do not do a fraudulent charge-back after buying the bitcoins.  This is necessary because bitcoin transactions are irreversible, but ACH and credit cards aren't.  
Conversely, a Bitcoin transaction happens instantly, and is generally 'confirmed' after about 10 minutes.  Unlike a credit card or Paypal transaction, once a Bitcoin transaction is confirmed, it cannot be reversed.
A company selling bitcoin may charge an exchange fee, just like those counters at the airport charge a fee to exchange dollar to euros.  That fee is charged by that exchange company, and is not 'Bitcoin'.
A Bitcoin transaction is from one bitcoin wallet to another bitcoin wallet.  If I send you, say 1000 dollars worth of bitcoin, the fee is along the lines of a nickel.  Western Union will charge you a lot more than that.
@_date: 2013-09-22 14:48:02
Small print:


Chase accounts can be frozen.  No one can freeze you Bitcoin wallet.
Bitcoin can send money to anyone in any country; Quickpay cannot.  
A person does not have to agree to 'limitations' or TOS to use Bitcoin.  No enrollment is required to use Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-10-31 16:44:01
In theory you could use a 'fresh' USB stick each time, or burn a CD.  Still scary though.
@_date: 2013-10-11 11:44:35
This sounds like the likely answer IMO.  Multiple network interfaces can cause programs to behave in unexpected ways.
FWIW I use android wallet and I've never experienced this problem.  My phone is 3g, I almost never use it on WiFi.
@_date: 2013-02-16 18:53:26
It seems inevitable to me that Bitcoin will become the payment method of choice for merchants who don't want to be bullied by payment processors.
@_date: 2013-02-22 16:09:23
I don't see any reason to conclude this.  Maybe they are selling to people who want to use BTC for it's intended purpose, to purchase goods and services?  Or maybe they are selling to investors or entrepreneurs who need BTC in bulk to launch new BTC related business endeavors?  Maybe they are purchasing ASICs?  Maybe those Malaysian casinos that BitInstant presented to a while back are buying in?  
It seems to me that you could look at this from a number of angles.  For every sell, there is a buy.
@_date: 2013-04-27 10:50:36


@_date: 2013-11-07 15:30:53


Like many before him, he doesn't understand that no one can 'issue their own bitcoins'.  If they were 'their own', then they wouldn't be bitcoins.  No one wants to use Fedcoin.  Doing so would defeat the purpose of the 'remarkable conceptual and technical achievement' of a distributed ledger.  A distributed ledger cannot be 'their own' without losing its distributed properties.
@_date: 2013-03-08 02:49:07
One interesting thing about reading the old mailing list entries by Satoshi and the other early developers is that you can see Bitcoin for what it is.  NOT some kind of scam, but an open source experiment in economics designed by innovative engineers who were trying to solve tough problems.
@_date: 2013-07-25 11:31:42
Unlike murder, mining bitcoins is neither illegal nor immoral. 
@_date: 2013-07-12 03:27:04
He's probably referring to re-hypothecation of gold reserves, where central banks and other large gold stores allegedly lie about how much gold they actually have in storage.  You and I both think we have a gold bar, but really there is only one gold bar and we each think we own it.  
@_date: 2013-08-26 16:32:48
Many things could happen tomorrow.
Perhaps I should have said "the laws of mathematics that cannot be arbitrarily manipulated by any person or group of people using technology that is actually known to exist".
@_date: 2013-11-04 22:49:08
Apparently this is the same guy who directed Downloaded, the recent Napster documentary.  He could do a good job with this.
It'll be interesting to see how his doc compares to The Rise and Rise of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-21 14:00:35


@_date: 2013-07-11 13:57:09
He's comparing liquidity to FX markets that trade in the trillions.  By those standards, the Bitcoin market is still small.
That said, he's repeating the same tired tropes that commentators have been saying for the last two years.  "It's a bubble that could go to zero overnight!"  Please.  They've said that at pretty much every price since MtGox opened.  Author clearly has no idea what Bitcoin is or why it's important.  
@_date: 2013-09-26 13:14:07
Maybe 1 or 2/5ths of the arguments.
Pretty balanced summary of the concerns about ripple by evoorhees:
@_date: 2013-02-20 13:58:30
This is an interesting discussion and all of you have interesting perspectives.  I agree with specialenmity, I think the whole "inflation is good/bad and deflation is good/bad and volatility is good/bad" debate is simultaneously over-simplified and over-complicated.
It seems to me that the entire idea of price or exchange rate "stability" in any context is a fantasy.  Markets are never 'stable'.  If they were, it wouldn't be a free market.  It would be price fixing.  Even currencies that are actively managed are not stable.
It comes down to the expectations of the business or individual.  Under the current dominant economic system, businesses assume mild inflation and try to act accordingly (whether the inflation is actually mild or not is another question).  Under a pure Bitcoin system, they would have to assume some amount of deflation and act accordingly.  
In a system where both Bitcoin and dollars are in use (in other words, reality), the money management strategies of businesses and individuals would have to change to compensate.  While this is admittedly different from the current system, I don't see any definitive proof that this could not be workable.  
A real digital currency co-existing with multiple national currencies in both local and global markets is uncharted territory.
@_date: 2013-10-21 08:20:52
A processor like Bitpay or Coinbase or BIPS can automatically exchange the bitcoins for dollars so Wikimedia would never have to actually take possession of bitcoins if they did not choose to.  They would receive USD in their bank account.  
If they did this, they would still receive many of the benefits of Bitcoin, like being able to accept donations from any country in the world with no fear of chargebacks.
@_date: 2013-04-09 12:06:00
Bitcoin is not mentioned in the article.  However, it gives a perspective of some of the problems with payments on the internet that Bitcoin can help solve.
@_date: 2013-04-23 13:11:56
Although I'm not a fan of paywalls... if you're going to have a paywall, Bitcoin is the payment method that makes the most sense, by far.
Actually, if more paywalls supported Bitcoin, I probably wouldn't hate them so much, since the convenience of paying would increase by 1000%.  I wouldn't need a username, password, credit card number, billing address, email address, or any of the associated nonsense that has nothing to do with the reason I came to the website, namely, to read the article.
@_date: 2013-02-23 15:07:36
Although this looks awesome, the hard part is not really building the machine.  The hard part is the business plan.  In order to pay for the CapEx and OpEx of this machine, you have to put it in a location where enough people will know what Bitcoin is, want to buy some, and be willing to pay a premium for the convenience to do so on a regular basis.
Maybe tech heavy college campuses would be good locations to start?  
@_date: 2013-07-18 13:15:42




How did the author manage to go to a park full of people buying and selling bitcoins for cash... and fail to realize that you can buy bitcoins in person with cash from any of them instantly?  
Coinbase is only 'easiest' if you want to use your bank account as your method of payment.  If you do that, you have to wait for AML, which has nothing to do with Bitcoin and everything to do with the banks and banking regulations and the joys of reversible payment methods.  If you buy bitcoins in person with cash, you get them immediately.
This guy totally missed the most important takeaway of the open air exchange - any individual can buy or sell bitcoins with any other individual at will, without having to wait for any bank or intermediary.
@_date: 2013-12-23 15:45:23
Not necessarily true.  Billing address info is not included on the magnetic stripe, but scammers use credit card skimmers with success.  Name and expiration date are on the front of the card, so they would be visible if he showed his card on tv the way he showed his private key.  
@_date: 2013-03-03 12:22:22
I'm suprised it's taken this long, truthfully.  Bitcoin as the VPN standard payment mechanism seems inevitable to me.  How can anyone who cares about being anonymous online be comfortable with paying with paypal or a credit card that has their name attached to it?
@_date: 2013-08-21 03:15:17
+$5 verify
Rock on.
@_date: 2013-11-12 15:38:10
"Bitcoin is a secure and viable currency, but its security ultimately depends on its users. "  --Kaspersky Labs
@_date: 2013-12-17 12:35:52
I think your analysis will turn out to be correct.  
@_date: 2013-08-08 15:40:07
Why would I want to connect to the store?  Scanning QR codes works fine in my experience.  It doesn't take any longer than digging out a credit card and signing, or counting out bills and change.
I have never seen a 0 conf take 60 seconds.  More like 2 or 3 seconds.  I use Schildbach Android wallet.  I have heard some online wallets can be slower to send for some reason.  
@_date: 2013-10-25 10:38:43
Presumably the same people who trust web wallets now.  
Paypal support would immediately make bitcoins easily accessible to millions of people.
@_date: 2013-12-10 17:21:51
Matt Miller is actually doing a great job explaining Bitcoin.  In his latest segment he explains how using Coinbase or Bitpay takes the volatility risk off the table for merchants (which has somehow escaped the notice of other Bloomberg commentators even after all this time).
He also points out the price generally moves in the upward direction even though the media likes to focus only on the big drops.  
I like this guy more and more.  He seems like a regular guy without an IT background but who is willing to temporarily suspend his disbelief long enough to learn about why so many people are so excited about this thing.
@_date: 2013-02-16 12:26:52
Agreed.  I posted the link because I like to keep track of what the press is saying about Bitcoin (even if it's wrong).  
But I do like the part where he says that Bitcoin has steadied and 'gained acceptance'.
@_date: 2013-12-23 13:48:06
If he had shown his credit card number, the same thing would have happened.  
@_date: 2013-07-07 12:54:42
So many inaccuracies.


NO.  Bitcoin is NOTHING like Beenz or Flooz.  Beenz and Flooz were COMPANIES.  They were not distributed open source peer to peer protocols like Bitcoin.  Beenz and Flooz were created out of thin air by their centralized issuers and had no value independent of those issuers.  Bitcoin is the first in history scarce digital commodity whose value is determined solely by the free market.  Beenz and Flooz could be frozen, deleted or inflated by the issuer at any time.  Bitcoin cannot be frozen, deleted or inflated by the issuer because there is no central issuer.  Bitcoins are 100% under the user's control, YOUR control.
Nothing like Bitcoin has ever existed before.  If it had, the price never would have risen like it has on the free market and no one would be talking about it.
@_date: 2013-11-04 16:44:41
You can solo mine if you like.  However, many people prefer consistent small payouts as opposed to randomly hitting a block every year or two.  P2Pool is not a regular pool controlled by an individual.  It's a special distributed pool.  You will receive regular predictable payments like a pool, without the potential for a nefarious pool operator to abuse your hash power.  
@_date: 2013-10-13 12:35:10
That is an excellent idea.
@_date: 2013-09-28 19:23:07
If you don't want to use a payment processor, all you have to do is download a bitcoin wallet from bitcoin.org (free), and post one of you payment addresses on your website.  You can now accept payment in bitcoins from anyone on the planet.
You will still have to program your website to only allow downloads that have been paid for.  If you don't know how to do this, you should look into using Bitpay, Coinbase, or BIPS instead.
@_date: 2013-12-21 17:19:41
In theory, native american tribes might be able to leverage their unique legal status as (partially) sovereign nations to gain more favorable banking and tax treatments.  For example, a reservation might be able to host a Bitcoin exchange without some of the onerous regulation requirements.
The advantage of this in practice when it comes to Bitcoin is unknown.
@_date: 2013-11-14 12:59:19
In order to get a credit card, what did you have to do?  You had to fill out a lengthy application, which means asking a bank for permission.  You could be rejected for any number of reasons.  Assuming you were given permission to use a credit card, you would then have to wait 7-10 business days to receive a plastic card in the mail.  THEN you can swipe.  But you're still not done.  Don't forget you will be sent a bill that you will have to pay from a bank account with a completely separate transaction, probably ACH, or check in the mail, that will take at least a day to clear.  Don't forget to make sure you have the money in your bank account.  This is complicated!
What about a bank account?  Sure, you can apply for one online, and maybe they give you permission to bank.  Then what?  You have to put money in it somehow.  How do you do that?  You have to do a direct deposit or ACH.  How long does that take?  Days.  Alternatively you can physically walk to a bank branch and deposit cash.  In other words, you jump through hoops.
Getting a credit card or a bank account is just as much of a hassle as Bitcoin if you do an actual apples to apples comparison.  You are just used to those things.  Bitcoin is not harder.  It is simply unfamiliar.  Once you have bitcoins, you have complete control over your money, including the ability to send it anywhere on the planet at will or transact person to person for free.  This is not possible with legacy banking products.
@_date: 2013-11-27 12:00:48
You might check out Bitpay, I believe they have an app designed for use in restaurants.
@_date: 2013-10-18 11:53:14
A third party security audit wouldn't hurt.  But for what it's worth, you can bet that hackers around the world are trying to find exploitable flaws in Bitcoin every single moment of the day.  The fact that large amounts of money are not being constantly stolen from properly secured systems is a pretty good indicator that the core Bitcoin system is solid.
Shamir of RSA fame co-authored a paper about the movement of bitcoins on the network.  While it's not a security audit per-se, if there were any problems with the crypto it's likely he would have noticed.
@_date: 2013-10-22 12:25:41
What?!  Ok, I've got to call him out on this.  Didn't he write a piece just weeks ago that claimed Bitcoin was 'vastly overvalued' and the 'real' price of Bitcoin should be four dollars and the reason the price is currently higher is because of 'manipulation'?  And now that it's pushing $200 he's "all in"?!?  
He's been a strong Bitcoin proponent and that's great, I enjoy many of his articles about rights in the digital age, etc.  But his price calls seem to be... problematic.
@_date: 2013-11-07 22:06:58
Butterfly Labs and KNC Miner are each shipping actual products that exist and work.  BFL is shipping its SC line (does not include Monarchs, which are not shipping) and KNC is shipping Jupiters and Saturns.  
Please bear in mind that if you were to order today you will be at the back of a longish line, so it is unclear exactly when you will receive product from either company.  You should go to bitcointalk.org and search the mining ASIC section and study what's been happening.  You should also understand what assumptions you are making about future BTC price and difficulty.  That's the only real way to understand what you're getting into.  
That said, there is something amazing about participating in a decentralized peer to peer network, generating units of finite cypherpunk money.  If you decide to take the plunge - May the Force be with you.
@_date: 2013-10-01 11:04:34


Not really.  It definitely costs more than an ounce of gold to mine your first few ounces of gold.  Haven't you seen "Gold Rush"?  Gold mining only becomes profitable after you pay off your equipment - just like Bitcoin mining.  Gold mining profitability is heavily influenced by the market price of the commodity - just like Bitcoin mining.  Profitability of gold mining depends on the power and efficiency of you mining equipment - just like Bitcoin mining.  Many people lose money trying to mine gold, other people make money mining gold - just like Bitcoin mining.
@_date: 2013-10-05 11:19:06
Generally not.  People have been burned in the past.
To avoid this, use web wallets only for small amounts of coin.  
For substantial amounts, use Bitcoin-QT or another local client like Armory.  This way your 'coins' (really your private keys) are stored on your local machine, not on someone else's server.  Don't forget to make secure backups in case your hard drive crashes.
@_date: 2013-02-22 06:24:40
You rock sir
@_date: 2013-03-06 15:42:29
Now you're getting it.
@_date: 2013-10-31 07:24:47
If you try to carry more than some arbitrary amount of cash or gold over an imaginary political border, you must fill out a form and get put on a list.  Bitcoin can be sent anywhere that has internet access, and does not respect imaginary political borders.
@_date: 2013-11-05 13:11:04
If the market price of the stock is zero, the options are worthless.  
@_date: 2013-03-14 22:28:51


The rising price does not necessarily imply that people will not spend.  I just purchased over $1200 worth of electronics using Bitcoins.  The same Bitcoins were worth less than half of that (in dollars) when I acquired them.  
In my case, the variations in Bitcoin price encouraged my purchase, in that the rising Bitcoin price gave me money to spend that I would not otherwise have had available.  
Will I regret the purchase if the Bitcoin price keeps rising?  Maybe, but even though I believe the long term price trend is up, it is not guaranteed to rise in the short to medium term.  The price could just as easily drop 10% tomorrow, and then I will feel good that I locked in my purchase at a higher price.  You could look at it from the perspective that a holder of Bitcoins might have an incentive to spend them if he perceives the price to be 'too high'.
Either way, I made the purchase because I wanted the electronics now, not later, and I like using Bitcoins better than I like using credit cards.  Additionally, I want to support the Bitcoin economy to encourage adoption.
Even looking at it from a purely 'investment' point of view, it doesn't make sense for Bitcoin enthusiasts to never spend Bitcoins.  Your concerns illustrate this.  If no one is spending Bitcoins, companies will be reluctant to accept them.  So it's in the interests of Bitcoin investors to spend them on goods and services.
A payment provider like Bitpay (which Wordpress uses) can do an instant USD conversion, so your company has the option to be 100% insulated from price volatility on your end.
@_date: 2013-11-25 13:09:47
From my perspective the reason goes back the majorly flawed assumption in the 'deflationary spiral' argument.  It always starts, "Why would I spend bitcoins if I *know* the price is going to be higher tomorrow?"
Because you *don't know* that the price is going to be higher tomorrow!  The price could correct tomorrow.  So the only thing you *know* is that you have more buying power today than you did yesterday.  You do not *know* what your buying power will be tomorrow, any more than you *know* what the weather will be like tomorrow.  
Since you *know* that you can pay your rent with one bitcoin today, but it might take two bitcoins tomorrow, a rational person may decide to spend one bitcoin on his rent.  A different rational person may decide to hold hoping for a higher price tomorrow.  Neither decision is more or less rational than the other, in my opinion.
These deflationary spiral arguments live in a theoretical world that no one who actually has bitcoins today lives in.
@_date: 2013-03-21 22:15:17
I was speaking from the user's perspective.  
Miners don't count.  If one miner rejects your transaction, another miner will process it, and all this is transparent to the user.
Perhaps it would be more correct to say that it doesn't require the cooperation of any specific third party who has final veto power over your transaction.
@_date: 2013-03-14 15:58:41
Title is very misleading.  Article does not mention Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-21 19:17:03
True, mocking is not called for.  Still, I have to admit that when I first heard about Bitcoin I dismissed it out of hand, immediately associating it with WOW gold or the like.  What made me pay attention is when I realized bitcoins were trading for dollars on a free market and investigated further.  
You would think that someone who works with finance and commodities for a living would be curious and investigate before being dismissive for the same reasons.
@_date: 2013-10-19 11:13:23
"Qualified" economists have been dead wrong about the price of Bitcoin for at least two and a half years now.  
@_date: 2013-02-21 14:25:46
While I understand your perspective of the situation as of today, I don't think this comparison is a fair basis on which to judge Bitcoin as unworkable for real world transactions.
If you assume a person already has Bitcoins, sending Bitcoins is just as easy as doing a bank transfer, probably cheaper, and certainly faster (at least in the US).  
If you assume a person does not have Bitcoins, then it takes longer.  But not as long as opening and funding a bank account, or acquiring a credit card, even assuming you qualify for either of them.  In my opinion, this is the only fair way to compare Bitcoin to the other solutions.  Assuming everyone already has a bank account and/or a credit card is not a fair comparison.
The receiver of the bitcoins is not limited to using Mt Gox to exchange back to dollars.  It's entirely possible to use localbitcoins.com to do an in person exchange quicker than 10 days.  As time goes by, more and quicker exchange options will continue to emerge.
Also, the English banking system example only works in if you're both in England.  Otherwise, the bank based transfer is likely to be both more time consuming and more expensive than sending Bitcoins.
While it's true that exchanging Bitcoins for fiat adds friction as of today, you have to think of the longer term potential of not having to exchange as much because more goods and services are available for Bitcoins directly.  In my opinion, apples to apples, Bitcoin's advantages are clear.
@_date: 2013-09-24 16:28:22
I don't think titles can be edited after the fact, unfortunately.
@_date: 2013-12-19 03:43:57
Great article by Richard Brown, who expands a bit on some of the things he said in his Finextra interview.
@_date: 2013-03-11 14:10:54
Explaining how Bitcoins work to a non-technical audience is harder than you think.  In my opinion Voorhees did an excellent job in light of the audience he was speaking to.
Half the battle is choosing the points you will address.  The first thing he said was the most important - Bitcoin is the only way to send money over the internet to anyone in the world without the need for any trusted third party.  This is a first in the history of money.  Gold is great, but you can't send it over the internet.  What's the solution?  Bitcoin.
In my opinion, this is the crucial point to understand.  If your audience doesn't find that point compelling, then everything else you could say is likely to be moot anyway.  If they do find that point compelling, they will research Bitcoin until they understand it.
@_date: 2013-07-01 17:24:59
That was my assumption.  Not sure who else it could be.
@_date: 2013-07-13 18:30:02
They don't sell BTC, I don't see what that has to do with your question.  We are talking about merchants accepting BTC for payment and converting it to dollars for less than it costs to accept credit cards.
The bitpay exchange rate fluctuates with the market and can be found here:
If you want to exchange USD for BTC and then back to USD for some reason, that will cost you 1.1% on MtGox (0.55% to buy and sell respectively).  
@_date: 2013-12-16 19:59:03
We agree.  The point is that the critics always act like it died.  But it didn't.  And it's not dying now either.
@_date: 2013-11-26 01:18:51
If you have a trusted friend who knows about computers, there is a possibility he may be able to 'undelete' the wallet.dat file from your hard drive if it hasn't yet been overwritten.  If your wallet was encrypted, you will still need to remember what your passphrase was.  
Failing that, there is no way to access your coins.  Bitcoin requires the user to be very careful and make good backups.
@_date: 2013-03-06 04:55:31
3600*$44 is only $158,400.  MtGox routinely trades much more than that on a given day already.  In fact, more than that was traded only on Bitfloor in the last 24 hours.
Institutional investors are just learning about Bitcoin and it appears a few of them are starting to buy in.  Guys like Shakil Khan and Tim Draper are making investments in Bitpay and telling their friends.  Namecheap is leading the way for DNS an hosting services.  
Granted there will be volatility in the short to medium term, but I see no reason to anchor on a past price that Bitcoin 'should' settle at.  The potential here is astronomical.  Bitcoin isn't even close to finding it's level.
@_date: 2013-06-20 12:33:07
The volume you are referring to is trade volume.  It's not necessarily the same as the volume of deposits and withdrawals.  For example, there could be many deposits of funds that are not immediately used to trade, but are sitting in reserve.
@_date: 2013-02-22 18:25:19


Exactly.  This is the only thing the chart shows.
I understand your interpretation.  It still seems to me there are many unverifiable assumptions in what you wrote.  
You assume they are selling, and not just moving their holdings into different addresses.  The chart shows no evidence of this.
Even if we assume they are selling, you assume these early adopters are selling to late adopters and not to other early adopters who believe the price will rise.  The chart shows no evidence of this.
Not trying to be argumentative, but I still don't see any reason to conclude that the drop in bitcoin days destroyed shows that early adopters as a group believe that the price is rising too quickly.  If that's what you believe, fair enough.  But the chart does not prove it.
@_date: 2013-06-28 11:53:51
If the solution is able to scale while maintaining the delivery speed, this could take a lot of steam out of the "bitcoins are too hard to get" argument.
Sounds like a potential big win for for public adoption!
@_date: 2013-03-24 12:42:14
Love this post.  In my opinion, the anonymity, regulatory and tax issues are all divisive sideshows.  The unambiguously awesome thing about Bitcoin, the thing that gives it its value, is the ability for anyone to make payments or move their own money anywhere in the world at will, without needing permission from any single third party.  This cannot be done with any centralized currency or payment system.  This has incredible potential to enable global commerce that would have been infeasible before Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-10-05 06:43:21


We've been hearing that for two and a half years.  Still waiting for everyone to lose interest in the ability to send money anywhere in the world at will at practically zero cost without needing permission from a bank.
Nope, still interested.
@_date: 2013-11-05 12:32:31
My favorite real headline of the day (from the Register):
"Bitcopocalypse! Top crypto-currency can be HIJACKED, warn boffins"
Yes they actually put hijacked in CAPS!  Plus Bitcopocalypse!!!!
@_date: 2013-07-13 12:23:11
Agreed, I think advertising will play a big role in the next few years.  Once merchants eventually wrap their brains around the advantages of Bitcoin (no chargebacks, lower fees) they will want to promote its use to their customers.
@_date: 2013-03-30 15:03:32
Unfortunately that does not prove you are not infected.  Bots often go undetected through various means, like utilizing polymorphic code to avoid flagging AV signatures.
If I were you, I would wipe my system, do a fresh install, and restore my data from backup.  
@_date: 2013-03-12 00:17:12
Did you read the links?  It is not a 'fact' that half the Bitcoins were mined before anyone knew about it.  Satoshi publicly announced the bitcoin mining opportunity on day one.  If people didn't know about it, it's no ones fault but their own.  You still have not produced any evidence that one actor owns 20% of Bitcoins.
Bitcoins don't increase in value because people lose their wallets.  Bitcoins increase in value because they are the only way to send money over the internet to anyone, anywhere, in any amount, without a trusted third party.  Apparently, there is demand for such a product.
If some theoretical person dumps Bitcoin on the market, the market will recover, just as it did last week when that happened.  If you're worried about it, you probably shouldn't participate.
@_date: 2013-04-01 22:42:18
I thought David Barrett did a good job considering Pento kept shouting him down.
Responding to Pento's assertion that Bitcoin's value could be "wiped out in a nano second":
"I hear you say that but that doesn't make it true.  There are people who spend a lot of time on this who might know the topic a bit more and believe in it..."
@_date: 2013-08-29 15:43:35
No chargebacks with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-10-25 15:55:34
For comparison, a credit card payment can be reversed 90 days after the payment.  How does a merchant know a credit card payment won't be reversed?  They don't.  
Once a Bitcoin payment is confirmed, it's final.  No one can reverse it.
@_date: 2013-03-15 15:02:47
The price of Bitcoin is determined not only by supply, but also by demand.
If everyone hoards the effective supply is greatly reduced.  But demand does not automatically continue to rise for no reason.  A restricted supply only leads to a price rise if there is also demand.
If no one is spending BTC, fewer merchants will accept it.  Since there are fewer places to spend it, demand will drop.  Since demand is dropping, the price will drop.
No one can tell anyone what to do with their money.  But please understand that if no one is spending BTC on goods and services, no one has any reason to trade dollars for it.
@_date: 2013-07-24 21:14:55
So he's worried about the 10 minutes it takes to get one bitcoin confirmation, but not the 90 days it takes to make sure a credit card payment won't be reversed?   
@_date: 2013-10-30 11:48:27
If a person is willing to use bitcoins as money, he can now send money anywhere in the world, to anyone, in any country, in any amount, practically instantly, and practically free, without needing permission from any centralized third party like Paypal or a bank.  That is why people believe bitcoins are worth something.  
Bitcoins are not an investment product.  They are a digital currency and payment system.  The price is rising because bitcoins are scarce (cannot be created at will on a whim) and useful (for sending money over the internet at will).
@_date: 2013-06-21 15:01:57


This is like saying "the rules of chess are only stable by consensus and could be changed at any time".  
@_date: 2013-12-15 16:13:00
Merchants who accept Bitcoin are looking to the future.  Today you give 3% of your gross to credit card companies.  In theory, would it be better to give 1% to Bitpay or Coinbase instead of 3% to Visa?  If so, than it's to your advantage to accept bitcoins and encourage your customers to pay you with Bitcoin.  Obviously your customers will not all switch over at once.  
You might think of it this way - every payment you take in bitcoins is a competitive advantage you have over your competition.  Bitcoin lowers your costs.  Are lower costs desirable?


Since only you know your employees and you're clientele, only you can answer this question.  I would submit that no matter how long it takes for your Bitcoin payment volume to become significant, the sooner you start accepting Bitcoin, the sooner you can start benefiting / profiting from it.
The real question is, do you think Bitcoin will succeed long term?  If you do, the sooner you start accepting it the better it is for you, your business, your employees, and your customers.
@_date: 2013-11-01 12:03:52
I try to look at ignorant comments as a teaching opportunity.  Slagging critics is tempting but it doesn't accomplish anything.  Very often, the person critical about Bitcoin doesn't really know anything about it.  They assume it is a company or a stock that is trying to re-invent 'just another digital currency' like Beenz or Flooz or Mario coins, and they take offense that someone would think they would be stupid enough to take such a thing seriously.  
That is why it's so important to give good answers when a person expresses skepticism.  I try to emphasis that Bitcoin is not a company.  Its free and open source software and a peer to peer network that lets anyone in any country send money to anyone else over the internet without needed permission from a bank or company or any centralized third party.  You can't do this with dollars.  That seems to get people thinking.
@_date: 2013-03-11 20:11:18
Points for trying, but this is an old-ish idea.  Hashcash was a similar concept from the 90's.
Also, Satoshi himself suggested a Bitcoin application of the same concept in like the third post about Bitcoin ever:
@_date: 2013-03-01 12:19:24
At the moment Coinbase seems to be the easiest way, if you're in the US and define easy as not having to leave the house.  They allow you to do an ACH transfer from your checking account to buy bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-12-21 14:57:56
Article does a good job of explaining why Bitcoin has value.
@_date: 2013-03-29 11:35:44
It seems to me that this was the strategy that Prodigy, Compuserve, and AOL all tried.  "We have our own internet and it's easier and safer than the scary real thing".
The problem was they were also more restrictive than the real thing.
Chase Preferred RockefellerCoinz will not be open source, will not allow absolutely anyone to use them.  Chase will not accept liability for enabling international money transfers without oversight or control. Chase will not agree to never inflate the money supply, and even if they did, it would be a lie.  
It's true that some people will probably choose to trust a company or financial institution, until that institution inevitably violates their trust.  Bitcoin is far more resistant to corruption than any corporate copy can ever be.
@_date: 2013-11-14 18:28:03
Gosh, then I guess all that's left is this:


I suppose you're going to tell me your bank lets you do that too.  You can probably send money from Argentina to Malaysia for free right?  They probably don't charge you wire fees.  Your bank probably lets you accept credit card payments for free as well.  They waive the 3% for you because you're a loyal customer, what with all those five minute accounts you're always opening and 'instantly' direct depositing to.  
@_date: 2013-11-09 17:25:58
Watching this, I kept imagining an overlay flashing the word BITCOIN.
"It may seem overwhelming and complex, but actually it gets easier and easier..."
"Just like programming your VCR, using the internet can be just as easy, once you've used it a couple times"
"This is an experiment, we're trying to figure out what it's going to mean..."
@_date: 2013-12-16 15:05:41
Relevant?  Bitcoin Fluid Dispenser
@_date: 2013-03-01 15:17:20
The market (supply and demand) determines the price.
The total amount of dollars in circulation is not known exactly either.  How do we know someone didn't have a mattress full of $100 dollar bills when their house burned down?  We don't.  How do we know the Fed isn't printing more than they say they are?  We don't.  
@_date: 2013-03-23 12:16:24
Your thinking is correct.  As far as I know, there is no solid information about how many ASIC orders Butterfly Labs has taken.  Butterfly Labs has not released numbers.  Some have made inferences based on the 'order number' on the BFL invoices.  These inferences are problematic because the order numbers did not start at zero.  Even if we knew the amount of orders, we wouldn't know if the order was for 1 Jalapeno or 5 mini-rigs.
Even if we knew about BFL, we wouldn't necessarily know about ASICminer near future capacity, or Avalon near future capacity (although Avalon has been relatively transparent), or the capacity of any new players in the game.
That said, if you want to mine going forward, you are going to need an ASIC.
@_date: 2013-08-15 01:56:05
This would be a lot more interesting if he showed his methodology for reaching that number.
@_date: 2013-02-14 21:40:33
Tell your CEO friends!
@_date: 2013-10-05 02:15:23
One of the better media treatments I've seen 
@_date: 2013-07-12 21:36:27
The software is open source, meaning the code can be reviewed by anyone who wants to try to break it, and also reviewed by anyone trying to prevent others from breaking it.  Dan Kaminsky, one of the most skilled and famous hackers working, audited the code with the intent of hacking it and could not.  
So the core Bitcoin system (this does not include exchanges or online wallets) is unlikely to be hacked.  The decentralized network means there are no central keys that control everyone's money, so there is no way for such keys to be compromised.  Nothing is impossible,  but it's probably safe to say that Bitcoin is many times safer than any opaque centralized system is likely to be.
@_date: 2013-07-29 13:40:00
Interesting article.


@_date: 2013-03-18 17:16:11
True.  But the part I placed in italics is not speculation.  That is the sobering part.
@_date: 2013-03-26 13:11:09
Eventually, those other exchanges will most likely be forced to comply with AML requirements or get shut down.  MtGox is endeavoring to do everything as if it were any other money institution, which makes complete sense.  See the recent FinCen guidance.  It's a pain, but complying is the only way to allow actual institutional investors to play in the space.
@_date: 2013-09-03 21:27:50
Bitcoin:  Violating Economic "Laws" Since 2009
@_date: 2013-11-25 15:44:35
Starts right around four minutes.  The whole interview is very interesting.
@_date: 2013-02-15 13:05:42
Internet streaming video would be a perfect application for payment in Bitcoin.  I see two potential issues with Netflix, however.
1) The small issue first - recurring payments.  As of today, Netflix keeps your credit card on file and charges it every month.  This kind of solution doesn't currently exist with Bitcoin (that I know of), unless you take prepayment for a year or the like.  I think Bitcoin client designers should look at building scheduled recurring payments into the client, basically the way auto bill pay works in your online checking account.  I'm guessing this issue will probably be solved in the not too distant future.
2)  The bigger issue involves licensing the content.  Even though this doesn't prevent them from accepting Bitcoin, much of the globe spanning benefit of using Bitcoin goes unrealized because they can't stream the latest season of Breaking Bad (or whatever) in Australia anyway, due to licensing restrictions.
That said, if they keep producing original content on the order of House of Cards, they might have a better chance of securing global distribution rights for that content.  The killer, killer app might be new internet only HBO meets Netflix style 'channel' with original, quality content available worldwide, payment in Bitcoin.  Why settle for a national audience when you can have a global one?
@_date: 2013-06-21 22:54:29
I'm guessing OP is Stephen Pair... CTO of BitPay.
@_date: 2013-02-22 00:26:13
Anything's possible, but do you normally live in constant fear of what the government might do in the future?  The scenario I described is perfectly legal.  Taxes on cash transactions rely on self-reporting of income.  This is no different.  
When I buy a cup of coffee at my local shop, and I pay with a five, it is the responsibility of the coffee shop to record that income.  The fact that there is no third party (bank) involved in the transaction does not mean there is anything shady about it.
@_date: 2013-08-24 13:45:38
Bitcoin.org lists signatures so you can verify the download before you run it.
Alternately, you can compile directly from source.
@_date: 2013-04-12 13:09:48
Will the Coinlab partnership bring more infrastructure stability?
If not, are you looking for funding and/or to be acquired?
I ask because it seems the stability problems could be solved with money and the things it buys.  It seems to me that in the current environment, Mt. Gox should be pursuing capital.
@_date: 2013-03-17 12:36:39
It may be true that Bitcoin is not fully tested at this volume yet.  But the assumption that money is 'safer' at a bank in any country involves a huge amount of trust in goverment not to screw you like Cyprus just did.  Just because a particular government hasn't done that lately doesn't mean it can't happen.  Keeping money in Bitcoin that you control (as opposed to an online wallet) eliminates seizure risk.
@_date: 2013-11-11 17:57:19
IMHO this is inevitable if you believe Bitcoin will become a global currency.  Governments would have the same incentives as any other miner.  They mine to keep the other miners honest.
@_date: 2013-09-22 18:19:33
In terms of mining Bitcoin, you need to spend thousands of dollars to buy ASICs if you want to mine profitably, and even then there is no guarantee you will break even in a given time frame because you don't know when you will actually receive your ASICs, we don't know when the difficulty will plateau and we don't know the price of Bitcoin tomorrow.  It's safe to assume difficulty will rise quite a bit for months to come as the already pre-ordered ASICs are delivered.  The price may or may not rise or fall in a given time frame.
Litecoin is about where Bitcoin was a year or two ago in terms of mining.  You can build a rig to mine Litecoin with off-the-shelf GPUs.  At the current Litecoin difficulty you can earn about 1 LTC a day with a 1MH rig.  If you have free electricity, that's about $72 a month at today's price.  If it costs you $1000 to build your rig, you are looking at about 14 months to break even.  This assumes the Litecoin difficulty remains flat.  If it rises, break even could take much longer.  If the price drops, that is also bad for profitability.  Personally I have mixed feelings about the long term prospects of Litecoin and the other alts.
So if you want to mine, you should look at it as a hobby that might make you a few bucks eventually, but very possibly could lose you money.  If you already own a GPU for gaming and you have free electricity, you might as well mine some Litecoins as a fun project.  It costs you nothing and you can trade some for Bitcoins and/or keep some to speculate.  
If you're not interested in mining as a hobby and you want to invest in Bitcoins, it's easier to buy them from Coinbase, CampBX or the like.
@_date: 2013-10-15 19:54:13
"In short, Western Union spends and earns billions to do what Bitcoin does for free."  --National Geographic
@_date: 2013-11-26 12:23:22
The problem with a gold backed digital currency is not just cost.  Its counterparty risk.  You have to trust the 'backer'.
The world has already had lots of currencies supposedly 'backed by gold'.  What happened to them?  None of them are backed by gold anymore, because the 'backers' were not trustworthy. They had the power to revoke the backing at any time, *which they did.*  All holders of gold backed currency were robbed.  They never had gold.  All they had was paper and a promise.
So why would I trust yet another gold backed currency?  A theoretical Bitcoin copycat 'backed by gold' would have all the same problems as a paper currency backed by gold.  The US government has already confiscated privately held gold once, and not that long ago, historically speaking.  Goldgrams already exist, but they are not available to US citizens because pressure can be applied to the Goldmoney company.  Egold was already tried, and it got shut down.  Moving Egold offshore does not solve the problem, it just moves the target company to another jurisdiction that it must fear.
Bitcoin's decentralized nature is its strength, not its weakness.  All a person has to do is agree to use it, and he can now move his money anywhere in the world and he doesn't have to trust any vault operator as a central point of failure.  No currency solution tied to physical gold can ever accomplish this, because someone has to hold the physical gold, and that person must be trusted.  
Bitcoin technology allows thinking humans with free will to agree to assign value to a verifiable digital thing, in this case a ledger entry, while ensuring the integrity of this digital thing with hard mathematics in such a way that counterparty trust is not required.  
This is new and unique idea, but educated people are now beginning to understand it and see the value in it.  The price may fluctuate, but there is no chance that this ground breaking innovation is going to be killed because some people might cash out.  Doesn't Schiff know about the 2011 'bubble'?  Critics said all of this back then, and Bitcoin isn't dead yet, but is flourishing.  
@_date: 2013-06-29 13:05:54
At this point, I would not recommend purchasing any GPU just for mining, since you are not likely to make back the purchase cost.
However, since you already have the hardware, mining may be slightly profitable in the short term, depending on your electricity cost.
Here is a calculator that can help you figure it out:
@_date: 2013-02-21 22:40:56
This is how these conversations go:  the Bitcoin supporters give the OP lots of examples of Bitcoin being used for goods and services, and the OP claims none of these will ever be used by Joe Q. Public, even though they are already in use by members of the public and more members of the public join us every day.
Compare this: The internet will never be used by Joe Q. Public because you have to buy an expensive computer, buy a separate modem, subscribe to something called an ISP, and pay a monthly fee to get on it!  And you can't use your house phone at the same time you're on the internet!  And once you get on it you can't do anything except read about dungeons and dragons and geeky academic stuff!  This whole internet thing will never catch on beyond geeks.  What's the point of email if none of my friends have an email address?  Etc, etc.  Maybe you don't remember it, but all of this was said in 1993.  Now we have Youtube, skype and online banking, and nobody can imagine how anyone could be stupid enough to not get the huge potential of the internet.
It didn't matter that people didn't get the internet in 1993.  To some people, the internet's utility was obvious.  It was a global communications network.  The people who did get it, used it, and not only used it, but built it up and made it better by creating more stuff you could do on it.  The more other people saw them using it, the more inevitable it became that they would eventually use it too.
Bitcoin is the only way to transfer money over the internet without a trusted third party.  It's utility is obvious.  It sells itself.  Everyday more people learn about it, want to use it, start using it, and tell others about it.  Everyday there are new businesses accepting it and new ways to acquire it.  Just a few minutes ago the Internet Archive blog proclaimed Bitcoin the "local currency of the internet" and said they are going to start paying some of their employees in Bitcoin.  Wordpress, Reddit, Mega, 4chan, all accept it.  Who knows who will start accepting it tomorrow?  
The Youtubes, Skypes and Napsters of Bitcoin may or may not have been invented yet, but it's just a matter of time.  The foundations are there.  We are at the beginning.
@_date: 2013-03-05 15:35:39
This is a great example of the kind of application Bitcoin makes possible that would be difficult, expensive or impossible to do with other solutions.  
Plus it's a just plain awesome thing to do.  Nice job OP!
@_date: 2013-12-15 14:05:37
There is not likely to be one magic solution.  The problem will be solved incrementally over time as people learn how to use the tech.
Middle aged 'regular' people in 1994:  Why is the internet so hard to understand?  I've got to learn about all these @ symbols and .coms and acronyms and baud rates etc etc.  Meanwhile smart teenagers used the net just fine, and eventually built the future.  Kids born in the 90s don't think twice about using the internet.  It's just another part of the world they live in.
Some people will never be comfortable using Bitcoin.  Lots of others will.  The analogs to the smart teenagers like ourselves who took to the internet in the 90s will take to Bitcoin today.  To the two year olds now playing on ipads, Bitcoin will just be money.
@_date: 2013-11-22 14:21:07
It's such a shame that he still doesn't get it.   
Gold will always be money, and Bitcoin does not change that.  But gold cannot be sent over the internet.  Gold has counterparty risk.  Bitcoin does not.  The Bitcoin payment network has value - if you want to send 'money' to anyone, anywhere, in any amount, with no counterparty risk, how do you do that with gold?  *You can't*.  A theoretical digital currency 'backed by gold' would not change this.  This would be no different than a gold backed dollar, which also had counterparty risk.  If the US reneged on its 'guarantee' to redeem dollars for gold, why would anyone trust any other entity that makes a similar promise?
The Bitcoin payment network lets you send 'money' anywhere in the world in any amount with no counterparty risk, and the only way to use the Bitcoin payment network is to use bitcoins as 'money'.  There is value in such a network.  Whether the value is 'intrinsic' or not is basically a semantic issue and is meaningless in practical terms.  All value is subjective.
@_date: 2013-11-05 02:23:50
Spread out has everything to do with it.  That's what decentralization means.  It means a large group of people have to be evil simultaneously in order to compromise the system.  It means as many targets as possible so an attacker has to work harder.
If 10,000 random amateur miners have one 60GH rig each running on their desk at home, that's 600TH added to the network.  To use that 600TH in a percentage attack, you have to convince 10,000 separate people to be evil.  If an attacker wants to pull something, he has to compromise 10,000 targets.  
On the other hand, if one mining pool has 600TH (or worse, one mining company has an actual server room full of 600TH worth of equipment) there is only one target - the mining pool or administrator.  Only one person needs to be evil to use that 600TH of power for an attack.  
Spread out is just another way of saying decentralized.  Decentralization is one of the core precepts of Bitcoin.  I'm not saying there should not be mining pools at all.  I'm saying decentralization in mining helps the network resist attack.  The more individuals who are mining, the more decentralized mining is, by definition.
@_date: 2013-10-24 12:15:28
Nope.  Not even close.


So it will take years and an unknown amount of money to do what Bitcoin already does today, only centralized, with restrictions, reversibility, exclusionary policies, national boundries, reporting requirements, etc.  
@_date: 2013-11-11 22:58:57
Bitcoin has value because it is both a currency and a payment network.  A person who decides to use Bitcoin as money can send money over the internet to anyone, in any country, in any amount, practically instantly, and practically free, without needing permission from any centralized third party.  This is impossible with dollars or gold.
Author has no idea what he is talking about.  Nothing he says hasn't been said 500 times by uninformed critics since at least spring 2011.  If you want to increase your own understanding, you might start with the Bitcoin Wiki:
@_date: 2013-04-10 11:08:32
Most people with money in the bank aren't old enough to remember the Great Depression.  All those stories your grandfather used to tell about going to a bank and not being able to get his money out?  Turns out they were true.
Depositors in Cyprus and Argentina know that money in the bank is not real.  It can be frozen or taken at will in an 'emergency'.  This can't be done if you hold your own Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-09-26 14:43:40
Great article!




@_date: 2013-03-17 12:10:01
I agree that bill pay services for Bitcoin are a must.  Anything that reduces exchange friction for consumers and merchants is a good thing.
On some other threads, merchants who were considering accepting Bitcoin were concerned that they wouldn't be able to use it to cover expenses without exchanging it.  If they could spend Bitcoin directly on utilities, for example, it would give them an incentive to not only accept Bitcoin but to actually keep some of it in BTC instead of doing instant USD conversion via BitPay or the like.
@_date: 2013-07-30 04:08:23
GoldMoney accepting Bitcoin as a funding method would be fantastic.
However, I think the real magic here would be if they added Bitcoin as an additional traded commodity along with gold.  That would allow a worldwide investor audience to purchase bitcoins, and would potentially allow 'fiat free' large scale gold to Bitcoin transactions and vice versa. 
@_date: 2013-02-25 12:12:25
Bill pay service with instant BTC to USD conversion.  Nothing promotes Bitcoin adoption like being able to pay the bills with it.
@_date: 2013-03-13 18:13:07
So the guy who first posited colored coins is the CEO of eToro?  Interesting.  I didn't realize that.
@_date: 2013-10-14 08:59:18


@_date: 2013-09-24 11:51:54
If Western Union moves quickly to license and rebrand Bitcoin ATMs they could set them up in all the countries they currently operate in faster than any startup could.  That would still be great for Bitcoin adoption.
Actually, that might be the best thing imaginable for Bitcoin adoption.  Bitcoins made widely available by a trusted brand, the use case is clear, WU can do what they do faster and more efficiently, consumers can now easily spend bitcoins elsewhere...  everybody wins?
@_date: 2013-07-24 13:30:57
There is nothing to debunk because he is not saying anything.
"Bubbles are bad.  See, I'm a genius!"  You and everybody else bud.
Unless you can tell us the exact 'correct' price of a commodity at a given moment IN THE PRESENT according to you, random trader, along with the exact price and timing at which the 'bubble' will supposedly pop and the exact price and timing of the floor, then what practical advice have you really given?   None.
Where was this guy when bitcoin was at $20 up from $13?  Was it a bubble then?  How about $45?  Was it a bubble yet?  Should I have sold?  
Saying X is a 'bubble' with no details is like a weatherman saying "it's going to rain.... eventually."
@_date: 2013-12-16 19:46:23
Don't forget April 2013.  
@_date: 2013-11-08 14:51:15
Transaction fees are optional.  Nevertheless, I always say 'practically free'.  I think many people would agree that a few cents counts as practically free in comparison with a paypal 3%+ or a $30-$50 wire transfer fee.
@_date: 2013-11-21 13:30:21
^ This is the answer.  The important part about Bitcoin is not that it has 'coin' in the name.  The important part is that it is decentralized.  The key novel concept of Bitcoin is the blockchain, the decentralized ledger controlled by no company, person, government, or entity.  If Bitcoin were released by a company, you never would have heard of it because no one would be talking about it because no one would care.  The decentralized ledger is what keeps all participants honest.  A centralized coin is no different than Paypal or WOW gold.  No competing coin is going to be more decentralized than Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-21 14:45:52
Not to me.  In fact, that's even less interesting.  Instead of an Apple gift card, which is essentially what an iCoin would be, now we have an IOU for an Apple gift card?  Why?  That's entirely contrary to the concept of decentralized, trustless, ubiquitous internet currency.  You can already buy Apple gift cards with Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2013-03-01 00:21:10
Why do you assume geeks are not finance guys?  Quants are math geeks.
I see no reason to believe that the earliest adopters will completely sell out at any price.  Bitcoin is their baby.  They didn't start it so they could get rich in dollars (though they might).  They started it so they could use a global digital currency.
@_date: 2013-09-03 12:00:42


This!  Bitcoin enables cash-like web transactions without needing to create an account at every website on the internet.  This property should be taken advantage of as often as possible.
@_date: 2013-02-14 21:33:20
Nicely done!
@_date: 2013-12-10 22:25:50


Mini-bubbles?  So according to this finance expert, the 30x rise from April-June 2011 is a mini-bubble, but the only 10x rise from October-December 2013 equals Bitcopocalypse?  
Does he seriously not know that critics like himself have been saying this for years now, yet the opposite of what they predicted has occurred?  
@_date: 2013-03-30 20:17:01
How so?  This is the usage I intended:
@_date: 2013-02-18 21:44:21
I find it very encouraging that the majority of highly scored comments on the slashdot article are pro-Bitcoin or at least quite balanced.  That is major an improvement from a year ago!
@_date: 2013-03-18 17:37:49
@_date: 2013-10-31 13:55:46
The rationale is to prevent all of the bitcoins from being mined too quickly by a small number of people.  From the Bitcoin Wiki:


If the difficulty did not rise to compensate for new, powerful mining hardware and more miners coming online, a lot more bitcoins would flood the market very quickly and be released to a relatively small number of early miners.  If the difficulty did not rise, all of the bitcoins would have been mined long before you ever heard of Bitcoin.  A scenario like that wouldn't be much different than how dollars or ripples are created.  
The mining paradigm is meant to simulate gold to the extent possible and keep the new bitcoin distribution as 'fair' as possible.  If you were the first gold miner in a given area, you might have made easy money by panning for gold by hand or even pickup up nuggets off the ground.  If you came later, you might have had to compete with a lot of others by digging deep shafts looking for gold veins.  
Either way, anyone who wants to can try to mine, but all the miners are subject to the laws of nature (the laws of the Bitcoin protocol).
@_date: 2013-10-11 02:37:12
I guess I am not seeing the antagonism from governments that you are.  The US has not shown any official desire to curb Bitcoin usage.  The FinCEN guidance indicates it's perfectly acceptable to use Bitcoin to transact and also acceptable to buy and sell it if you're registered.  Companies like Coinbase and CampBX operate openly.  The MtGox seizure was not Bitcoin specific, it was a consequence of their unlicensed transfer of customer dollars.  
The account closures that we have seen seem to be largely prompted by banks being overly worried about risk, not because they are attacking Bitcoin.  The German government is friendly, Canada, etc.  For governments to attack Bitcoin, they would have to actually feel threatened by it.  I don't think anyone in government or banking feels threatened by Bitcoin at this stage.  They may be aware of it, but they don't think of it as more than a novelty or a new trend in mobile payments.  No one in banking or government seriously views Bitcoin as a threat to their power.  If they did, they would already be taking more drastic measures.  I think Bitcoin would have to grow much more before anyone in power started worrying about it.
@_date: 2013-03-05 18:39:30
This article is pretty balanced.  Although it seems strange that she didn't mention Wordpress, Reddit or Namecheap now accepting Bitcoins for payment.
@_date: 2013-09-20 00:41:36
It's not the same article.
@_date: 2013-03-19 02:54:03
I hope you're right about this.  But Mt Gox, for instance, does not act as a counter party to trades correct?  So a person is not actually selling to Mt Gox, they are selling to another individual.  
This seems like the sort of issue that the Bitcoin Foundation could address.  Any chance they will have their counsel give us an actual legal opinion?
@_date: 2013-11-29 18:06:42
Bitcoin's network effect cannot be easily replicated.  Litecoin and the other networks are much smaller, less distributed, and therefore less secure.  This is unlikely to change unless an unambiguously superior coin is created.  So far, the market is telling us that Bitcoin is the fittest.
@_date: 2013-10-01 15:00:28
If they had a keylogger on you machine, it's safe to assume they could copy the wallet file.  And any other file on your machine.  
@_date: 2013-06-19 16:06:01
Well put.  I concur.  If a news article relates to a problem that Bitcoin could help solve, than that article is relevant to individuals interested in or learning about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-15 13:32:14
Eclipsemc is back up, as is Butterflylabs.
@_date: 2013-11-20 11:27:01
That has nothing to do with Bitcoin.  Those AML/KYC procedures are required by law, or the powers that be will shut down the exchange's bank accounts like they did to MtGox.
People buy and sell bitcoins with each other face to face for cash all the time, just like buying vegetables at the farmers market.  You don't need id for those transactions.
@_date: 2013-07-27 01:18:17
The transaction takes place in seconds.  The confirmations are what you are waiting for.  You only need to worry about confirmations if you think the customer is likely to attempt to defraud you.  For small transactions, you probably don't need to worry about it.
I thought i heard that bitcoin payment processors like Bitpay also perform some kind of double-spend detection?  Not sure about the details.
@_date: 2013-03-11 12:10:38
Your opinions are yours, but I see no basis for the 20% number.  Yes it's possible to have multiple wallets.  The burden of proof is still on you to justify the theory that one actor owns 20% of Bitcoins.
This is the public announcement of Bitcoin in January 2009:
Slashdot had a story in July 2010 when Bitcoin had a market price of mere cents:
And again when it reached 1$ for the first time:
The project was not secret.  Everyone on the internet had the chance to start mining immediately, if they were paying attention.  Understandably, most people didn't.  That doesn't make Bitcoin a scam.  Bitcoins had no dollar price at all at the time.  It's only because people started using them as a medium of exchange that a dollar price was established by the free market.  Once others saw Bitcoins were useful as the only way to send money over the internet without a trusted third party, they wanted them too, which increased the demand, which raised the price.  
The people who mined when there was no demand saw the value of their Bitcoins increase.  It's no different from the early investors in Apple stock.  
If you're evaluating Bitcoin as an investment,  I recommend not investing anything you can't afford to lose.  That said, in my opinion, the value of a technology that allows a person to send money to anyone in the world over the internet instantly without restriction is priceless.  For the most part, the market hasn't figured it out yet.  But institutional investors are beginning to pay attention.
@_date: 2013-09-24 13:52:56
Agree with this.  The entire article is based on the false dichotomy of Bitcoin OR Gold.  No one has to make any such choice.  People can use both.  Gold has been money for thousands of years, and for good reason.  But you can't send it over the internet or easily carry large amounts of it across borders.  You can't hide gold in your brain.  You can't instantly divide gold into 100 million pieces.  Enter Bitcoin.  It's the closest thing to digital gold there is.  It complements a person's physical gold holdings, it doesn't compete with them.
@_date: 2013-09-26 14:47:02


Wow.  That seems like big news.
@_date: 2013-04-10 13:46:19
I'm glad Bloomberg is reporting responsibly by beginning to allow serious discussions about Bitcoin with knowledgeable individuals like Nick Colas.  I look forward to more like this in the future.
I do wish Colas would have made the following point more strongly: the way the Bitcoin system works is open, transparent, and public.  Although most of the current developers' names *are* public, it does not matter who the developers are.  The public, including any investors, users, members of the press, financial institutions, and critics, have full visibility into the Bitcoin system and can verify that it works as advertised.  
Of course the above applies to the core Bitcoin system itself, not the exchanges.  The exchanges are private companies that buy and sell Bitcoins for other currencies and have varying levels of transparency and risk.  Their transparency will improve over time as exchange services become more robust and are regulated, similar to the way ForEx currently is.
@_date: 2013-12-17 15:12:00
Hacking and extortion are bad in any currency.  Your friend should wipe his machines and restore his files from backup.
@_date: 2013-03-01 11:50:09
The difference is that house prices really are unsustainable at 4, 5, 10  times the mortgager's annual income.
The term bubble is so vague as to be basically meaningless.  The implication usually is that the asset experiencing the bubble was 'overpriced'.  
Bitcoin, on the other hand, is massively undervalued when taking into account the potential of serving as a global online currency.  Today's prices are easily sustainable when we consider the potential size of that market.  So the author is saying there was no bubble, in the sense that Bitcoin was not overpriced. 
@_date: 2013-10-24 18:07:13




@_date: 2013-09-23 18:24:37
Because he promotes Bitcoin with a zeal that could be described as evangelical, and he is involved largely for ideological reasons.
Also he has been known to give away Bitcoins to people who are interested, especially in the old days.  Ver was an early investor in BitInstant, Blockchain.info, and others, before Bitcoin was a cool buzzword for Silicon Valley VCs.
@_date: 2013-10-05 01:20:05
The commentator made the comparison to wheat.
Bitcoin is both a commodity and a currency.  Both commodities and currencies have prices that float on the market.   
@_date: 2013-08-08 14:03:40








Bitcoin requires none of these things.  It just works, like cash.  Why would I want to show ID just to buy a cup of coffee?
@_date: 2013-10-14 09:36:02
Obviously, it was a bubble.  Tulips!  TUUULLLLIIPPPPPPSSS!
@_date: 2013-11-05 13:26:34
Because that would make online wallets useless for purchases?
"I'll just drink this beer now, and you'll get the payment in 24 hours after I confirm it.  You trust me right?"
Don't use online wallets for anything more than pocket change.  They are not secure enough to store large amounts.
@_date: 2013-02-14 20:46:54
Thanks for providing a great service and being open minded about Bitcoin!
In a few years, they will talk about how forward thinking you were to make Reddit the second major site to adopt this crazy new internet money.  
P.S. - I bought some
@_date: 2013-11-09 12:27:48
Congrats!  Spending bitcoins make them 'real' in a way that nothing else can.  Plus, there's more joy in giving.  So, win/win.
@_date: 2013-02-22 21:02:24
These would be fantastic if they proliferated.  Are there definite plans to roll them out?  What kind of locations are being targeted?
@_date: 2013-07-11 12:29:51


And what if those payments could come from anyone, in any country regardless of cumbersome banking infrastructure or lack thereof?  
We may be about to find out.
@_date: 2013-08-02 12:28:09
But we don't know what the price of BTC will be at that time.  It could be much higher than today.
@_date: 2013-03-27 12:56:46
As I see it there are a number of problems with the "it's a bubble" argument.
First of all, the person saying this almost always fails to understand the usefulness of Bitcoin as a payment system.  They don't seem to grasp that Bitcoin allows you to send money to anyone, in any country, in any amount, practically instantly, and practically free, with no single gatekeeper, and no solution in the legacy banking / payment system allows you to do anything like that.  This ability counts as Bitcoin's "fundamental" value.  This allows types of internet commerce that were difficult or impossible before Bitcoin.  What is the fundamental value of such a technology?  That is the question you have to ask when pricing Bitcoin.
Secondly, the term "bubble" is completely useless.  Claiming the price is "too high" or rising "too fast" is worthless unless you can tell us what the "correct" price is, along with an exact time horizon in which the "bubble" will supposedly "pop".  What criteria are the people making this argument using to determine the "correct" price for Bitcoin?  Yesterday's price.  That's it.  They've anchored on past prices as "correct" and they are trying to limit price appreciation based on some arbitrary percentage.  At no point are they considering what the true value might be of a global payments system that enables unshackled commerce that was not possible before.
That said, don't invest more than you can afford to lose.  Still good advice.
@_date: 2013-03-23 22:55:01
I see your point, but I dispute one thing.  Bitcoin is not damaged by this issue.  People might get burned by their poor security practices, and maybe the reputation of Bitcoin will suffer temporarily.  But the bottom line remains that people need to take personal responsibility.  Is cash damaged because people can lose their cash wallet?  No.  The solution is don't lose your cash wallet.
Even with hardware wallets, there is no guarantee of security.  What if you lose your hardware wallet?  What if you forget your PIN?  Can you call a number to unlock it?  If no, then it's not idiot proof.  If yes, can you really trust that your hardware wallet is secure from theft or seizure?  Can you backup your hardware wallet?  Where do you store the backup?  If you can't trust your computer than who's computer can you trust?
My point is not to attack hardware wallets or say we should not look for solutions.  My point is that sooner or later, someone has to take responsibility.  Bitcoin requires that the user take responsibility.  It's a tough problem, but my feeling is that it's not really a Bitcoin problem.  It's a user perception and education problem, and it's a computer security in general problem.
@_date: 2013-02-19 02:05:14
What I really do:
@_date: 2013-11-29 13:09:31
Glad to see Doctorow on that list!  I've been somewhat surprised that he hasn't said much about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-23 14:13:02
One benefit of Bitcoin is that you control your money.  This is never true if your money is in a bank.  Even if your bank were 'perfect', it would still be an unnecessary middle man when it comes to making payments or moving money over the internet.  
Bitcoins can be sent from Paraguay to Malaysia in any amount, almost instantly and almost free.  Even perfect banks do not offer this service.
@_date: 2013-10-31 16:42:20
I like this idea.  Does Armory allow this already?
@_date: 2013-04-25 14:04:47
Hi Rich, can you confirm whether or not bitcoins are accepted in-store as well?  Or is it just for online orders?
@_date: 2013-08-22 13:32:58
This article seems to make the same invalid assumption that previous papers made, namely that each Bitcoin address (or sometimes each wallet) equals one individual.  This is clearly false.  Some of the largest wallets are funds, exchanges, and online wallets which hold bitcoins belonging to many different businesses and individuals.
Still, I do like this bit at the end:




@_date: 2013-11-01 20:42:53
This article is written by Bruce Sterling!  Yes, that Bruce Sterling.  
I've never thought of Captain Nemo as "an anonymous tech-genius anarchist, a stateless marauder who lives inside a self-built, mysterious, super-machine" before.
@_date: 2013-07-18 13:31:13
I don't think you understand my point.  It does not take three days.  If I hand you cash, and you send me bitcoins, the transaction takes seconds to appear on my phone.  In approximately 10 minutes I will receive the first confirmation.
The 3 day wait the author is referring to is when a person uses Coinbase or a similar service to purchase bitcoins using a bank transfer.  It is the bank transfer and identity verification requirements that cause the delay; not Bitcoin.  Although this is one way to do it, it is not the only way.  The whole point of the open air exchange is for person-to-person Bitcoin trading, which is effectively 'instant' depending on how many confirmations you are comfortable with.  The author could have purchased bitcoins from any of the participants and received them in seconds with the first confirmation in minutes.  Nowhere near 3 days.
@_date: 2013-11-21 17:48:21
You seem to be trying very hard to concentrate on minor issues while ignoring the reality that merchants who accepted and held 'risky' bitcoin over the past years (months, weeks) *made* money while enjoying immunity from credit card chargeback fraud.  If you really do think these issues of price display and customer service are insurmountable, then enjoy paying Visa 3%, I guess.
Perhaps this conversation I had in February when the price of Bitcoin was $26 will help.  I tried to explain to detractors why a merchant accepting and holding bitcoins was not 'foolish'.  Like you, they disagreed.  In the coming months, merchants who held bitcoins profited from that decision, and those who thought accepting bitcoins was too risky did not.  
@_date: 2013-11-05 13:47:59
Different providers and companies are working on various mitigating techniques.  But there are always trade-offs.  IMHO there is no 'simple solution'.  Whatever methods the legitimate user has to prove his identity will be targeted by the attacker in an endless cycle.
The bottom line is, *someone* needs to be in control of the money.  The choices are:
A) You control your own money
B) Someone else controls your money
When you put your bitcoins in an online wallet, you are choosing B.  B will never be more secure than A.  
@_date: 2013-04-12 11:01:38




My opinion: That means yes.
@_date: 2013-07-01 14:36:31
I hope the author understands that by the time he actually receives his hardware, the difficulty will be much higher and he is not likely to make nearly as much money as the Ars reporter.
@_date: 2013-11-27 21:49:14
No problem, Armory is a bit advanced.
What happens is you have two machines.  One PC has internet access (online).  This PC is installed with a 'watch only' wallet.  The second PC has no network connection.  You install the Armory 'offline' wallet via USB or CD/DVD on the offline machine.  The offline machine contains the private keys needed to spend, the online machine does not.
To spend, you create a transaction on the online machine, copy a file to a USB, move the USB to the offline machine, cryptographically sign the transaction using your private key, and then move the USB back to the online machine to send the (now signed) transaction to the network, thus spending the coins.
It's inconvenient to spend, obviously, but this solution is intended for high amounts of coin that you are willing to endure a little inconvenience to keep secure.  
For smaller amounts of coin for daily spending, Armory might be overkill.  I like using Bitcoin-QT and Bitcoin Android Wallet.  Many people like Multibit, Electrum, etc, which do not make you download the entire blockchain.
@_date: 2013-11-11 14:19:40
Why do some people hate QR codes?  I think they're great.  Ever send Bitcoins using QR codes to someone in another country over skype?  It's pretty rad.
@_date: 2013-09-23 23:09:35
Kind of cool to see a relatively mainstream television anchor inform the public that he's bought bitcoins!
@_date: 2013-09-25 23:10:55
The price of Bitcoin is set by free market supply and demand.  No one, including the creator or any developer, can 'set' a price and force anyone to pay it.  If a holder of Bitcoin tries to sell it for more than the market thinks it is worth, no one will buy, and the seller will have to lower his price or not make the sale.  This is how all commodities are traded.
Anyone can examine the freely available Bitcoin source code to see exactly how Bitcoin works.  Your math teacher should check it out.  Hopefully he will be able to appreciate the elegant real world application of cryptography and mathematics.
There are a number of published academic papers that study various aspects of the Bitcoin system floating around.  None of them have concluded that Bitcoin itself is a scam. 
@_date: 2013-03-30 13:38:41
It is technically possible for your computer to be trojaned with an application that mines Bitcoin for the benefit of the botnet herder.  50BTC is a legit pool, it is not likely that they infected you.  The attacker is simply using that mining pool like any other pool miner.
If your computer is connecting to any mining pool without your authorization, you are probably infected with something.
@_date: 2013-03-26 13:54:36


is listed as a speaking at the Bitcoin 2013 conference.  That talk should be interesting.
@_date: 2013-03-07 13:17:54
Agreed.  I was going to put bubble and popped in quotes but I figured the punchline would be more effective without it.  
Alas, I am only an amateur meme maker.
@_date: 2013-09-26 22:51:04
I do not agree that argument 3 is bogus.  Use of the phrase 'Out of thin air' might be debatable, but that doesn't really change the fact that ripple does not actually send dollars as the marketing claims.  Dollars remain in checking accounts or on gateways or what have you, and must be settled externally.  So I think his point stands.  Ripple's 'decentralized exchange' using multiple gateways that must maintain bank accounts to work with dollars is no different than Bitcoin's 'decentralized exchange' using multiple Bitcoin exchanges that must maintain bank accounts to work with dollars.  Ripple does not actually send 'any currency'.  It sends IOUs for any currency.
@_date: 2013-06-30 12:32:36
Does anyone know if Namecheap has any plans to support .bit domains?
It seems like Namecheap / Namecoin would be a natural fit.
@_date: 2013-09-28 16:37:54
Here's what I'm thinking: if we assume that the 85% of the world using cash is indeed eventually moving more toward some kind of electronic payment solution as internet and smart phones proliferate, the question becomes "what will the solution be?".  Keep in mind that this population is used to cash and presumably likes the unmediated and final nature thereof.  The future electronic payments solution for them can be either:
A) Mediated, reversible, expensive, non-private, controlled by corporations that may have political loyalties that lie outside your country of residence (read mastercard, vodaphone, paypal, what have you), or
B) Unmediated, unreversible, practically free, potentially private, apolitical, 100% controlled by the user.  In other words, CASH-LIKE, or the closest you get to cash-like while still being an electronic payment.  Bitcoin!
@_date: 2013-12-16 14:22:19
Some of this is very funny.  I especially like how he illustrates how math can be trusted over corrupt individuals / companies / banks.
"6 times 6 equals 36... except for *you*, Barry...."
Some of it comes off sounding a little too much like a commercial, but at least he's honest about it.  
@_date: 2013-10-01 20:30:00
This link might be useful:
@_date: 2013-12-10 16:43:32
That is still a problem for licensing, but it doesn't change the benefits Bitcoin gives them.  They can still have country specific sites or stores.  The difference is that instead of having to maintain complex and expensive banking infrastructures for payment that are arbitrary and different in every jurisdiction, they could have one global payment infrastructure that uses Bitcoin.  
Imagine if international Apple stores around the world accepted bitcoins for payment.  That money could conceivably go straight home from the customer to the USA without ever actually touching a cash register or a foreign bank account.  No doubt there are various circumstance that could effect the details, but this illustrates the kind of solutions that Bitcoin makes possible.  
@_date: 2013-02-19 21:05:47
Exactly!  If you look at the logarithmic chart, it illustrates this nicely:
The recent rise is not even close to the magnitude of the June 2011 rise.
@_date: 2013-03-30 17:55:47
He compared Bitcoin to Zimbabwe's currency, which was inflated into oblivion.  This cannot happen with Bitcoin.  He should have known this, but apparently didn't.
Yes, Bitcoin is risky, but comparing it to Zimbabwe's currency is just ignorant.  Zimbabwe's currency was more like USD than Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-10-13 03:31:54




So far, the answer appears to be no.


It's possible, but it's a lot harder than you think.  There have been imitators / copycats / pretenders to the throne for over two years now, and none of them have made much headway.  In my opinion, this is because none of the imitators bring any significant improvements to the table, and the market seems to agree.  
Dethroning Bitcoin will not be trivial.  Any new coin will start from zero network size (low security) and zero adoption rate.  It will have to overcome all of the hurdles Bitcoin has already overcome.  It will be relatively centralized in comparison to Bitcoin because fewer people are involved.  It will be relatively easy to attack and disrupt in comparison to Bitcoin.  It will be newer and even less well understood than Bitcoin.  The use case for the new coin will have to be extremely compelling for users, merchants and miners to abandon Bitcoin en masse in favor of the interloper.  So far, no such compelling reason exists.
So best case, I see a handful of altcoins existing in the shadow of Bitcoin.  Even a clearly superior theoretical future coin would probably take a significant amount of time to overtake Bitcoin due to the network effect.  The longer Bitcoin remains the standard, the longer it will take a new coin to topple it.
@_date: 2013-07-04 12:29:48
You don't, in the traditional sense like you would for a stock.  However, there are unique properties that Bitcoin has that make it valuable.
Using Bitcoin as money, money can be sent from any person to any other person on the planet, no strings attached.  Each person can be located in any country, with or without a bank account, with or without a credit rating, and no one can prevent or reverse the transaction.
Current money and payment systems do not allow people to transact at will.  Current payment systems require permission from and payment to an otherwise unrelated third party middleman (like VISA or Paypal).  Current payments systems are reversible.  This makes burdensome, expensive, inefficient, time consuming identity verification necessary to prevent 'friendly fraud'.  Bitcoin does not require permission from or payment to any centralized middleman, making Bitcoin-to-Bitcoin transactions more efficient than legacy systems.  Bitcoin is not reversible, so friendly fraud (chargebacks) are not possible.
Because of the above unique properties, there is demand for Bitcoin.  Because the number of bitcoins is fixed, they will always be scarce.  Demand + scarcity = price.   
So the question is, how much demand could there potentially be in the coming years for a payment system like Bitcoin?  No one knows exactly, but we can imagine scenarios.
Imagine all the commerce on the internet today, and then imagine that some of those people in the 60+ countries that Paypal does not serve might like to participate.  Imagine if some of the millions of ordinary people in Nigeria might like to pay for something online, but they can't because online merchants accepting credit cards block their entire country for fear of chargebacks.  Imagine if some of the merchants operating online decide that instead of paying VISA 3% of their gross they would rather pay 0%?  What would happen to the price of Bitcoin when that potential global demand starts chasing scarce BTC?
Bitcoin allows anyone to transact over the internet, at will.  No legacy payment system allows this.  That value seems pretty fundamental to me.  It's just a question of how long it will take for the concept to take hold.  Obviously, most people including financial commentators have not caught on yet, which is why such an interesting opportunity exists.
@_date: 2013-03-08 09:42:03
+1 for talking to Peter Schiff about Bitcoin!  That said, the actual interview could have gone better.
"Is Bitcoin tangible?" is not the question I would have asked Peter Schiff.  Of course he's going to say no.  Then you are arguing semantics with Peter Schiff.
A better question might have been "Gold has been a trusted store of value for 5000 years.  Unfortunately gold cannot be used for electronic payments over the internet.  What kind of real money solutions do you see for internet payments?"  
Of course there are none except Bitcoin.  He will probably say something like Goldmoney or Egold.   Then you say "Unfortunately, Goldmoney's currency operations have been restricted in the US and Egold was of course shut down by the government.  How do you feel the problem of trusting a gold currency issuer / bullion custodian to stay in business could be solved?"  Let him answer.  
Then say "Some feel that Bitcoin has an advantage over these solutions since it is not a company with physical holdings that can be easily confiscated, but a decentralized peer to peer currency that is not based in any jurisdiction and does not require trusting a gold based currency issuer or vault operator.  What do you think?"  Etc.


I'm not sure that line of reasoning would have convinced me either.
@_date: 2013-12-06 21:40:35
I don't think that comparison is apt.  Bitcoin is not a product being marketed and sold by a publicly traded company that is accountable to shareholders.  It's a technology that individual consumers and businesses may choose to adopt because of its useful properties.  There is no sales data that can prove Bitcoin is a 'success' or a 'failure', as if it has to achieve some arbitrary percentage of market penetration in some arbitrary time frame or else go bankrupt.  
Bitcoin allows anyone to transact anywhere in the world over the internet without having to trust a central third party.  The amount of sandwiches a Subway franchise sells does not effect that reality.
@_date: 2013-03-04 13:27:22
You are ignoring the simple utility of Bitcoin that no company's payment system can ever duplicate - the ability to send money anywhere in the world without a trusted third party.  No one can prevent your payment, reverse your payment, or tell you that you are not 'approved' to make it.  Google and the like will never offer such a solution.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:43:48
Fantastic article.  Kaminsky was somewhat flip about Bitcoin in the past (although he did say that whole classes of bugs were missing).  He previously said it had major scaling problems, but it seems that he's revised his stance on that a bit.  
For anyone who doesn't know Dan Kaminsky is a very well respected security researcher.
@_date: 2013-03-27 01:58:40
Nice job on highlighting the payment over distance advantages and de-emphasizing the dollar price.  That is the correct approach in my opinion.  
@_date: 2013-11-09 14:05:39
Nice.  This should be required reading.
@_date: 2013-02-18 14:41:32
I feel your pain.  What you have to remember though, is that the difficulty in acquiring Bitcoins has nothing to do with Bitcoin itself, and everything to do with the legacy banking system and all the regulations and restrictions thereof.
Mt Gox (for example) doesn't WANT your info, but they have to ask for it because it's required by banking regulations (Anti Money Laundering / Know Your Customer type rules).  The limits on transaction amounts are likewise necessary to prevent credit card and id theft related fraud that's necessary because of the reversible nature of legacy payment methods.  All of this hassle disappears if you do a face-to-face cash-for-Bitcoins transaction, but of course that's less convenient.
You may want to look at bitfloor.com, which allows you to do cash deposits at certain bank locations and ING P2P deposits, as well as ACH withdraws.  The volume on the exchange is smallish, but should be enough for the needs you describe, and getting money in and out is relatively easy compared to dwolla-&gt;mt gox.  You will need to provide ID for ACH withdraws.
Alternately, you could try  which is run by the bitcointalk.org forums member TangibleCryptography.  The primary business of that site is buying BTC for dollars, but as I understand it he also sells 'large' amounts of Bitcoins for cash deposits ($4000-ish is the number he gives on the forums).  I have not personally dealt with his service but he seems to be trusted by the community.  If you drop them an email explaining your needs I'm sure they would work with you.
Bitinstant.com normally has a $500 limit per transaction.  However, I'm guessing if you contact them beforehand they might be able to work something out with you.  They are local to you in the Flatiron Building.
Methods of acquiring BTC have proliferated and become easier over time, and will continue to do so.  In the meantime, think of this as the growing pains experienced by early adopters of a cutting edge technology.  
"When I was your age, we had to type modem commands BY HAND...."
@_date: 2013-08-25 16:03:45
Well the link actually takes you to page two of the article.  I was referring to page 1 where he fairly accurately describes how Bitcoin works and says it's an admirable innovation that 


@_date: 2013-08-22 14:11:10
Worth a read. 


@_date: 2013-10-18 20:55:44
Again, I am not saying gold is bad.  That said, it's expensive to store gold in a foreign country.  You have counterparty risk (you have to trust whoever is storing your gold).  Your gold is still at risk from the jurisdiction in which you are storing it, and if you are in the US you are probably required by law to report your foreign accounts (FBAR).  None of these are an issue with Bitcoin storage.
@_date: 2013-04-12 10:24:41
Because they don't let you trade Bitcoins yet.
@_date: 2013-03-07 22:29:16
+2 internets verify
@_date: 2013-02-19 22:14:00
There is nothing controversial about the dollar being inflationary or Bitcoins being deflationary. We know this.  One of the nice things about Bitcoin is that it is different from existing currencies.  If Bitcoins were exactly like the dollar, there would be no reason to have them.
Despite your condescending claim, whether inflation is a good thing or not is hotly debated (see the Austrian School).  Everyone who is not an economist seems to think it's a bad thing.  Economists tell us we are stupid.  Meanwhile, the financial crisis.  
You still have not addressed the contradiction in your argument.  If Bitcoins are a shitty currency, why do you argue that you 'know' their price will rise?  As you know, the price is determined by supply and demand.  If the currency is shitty and a bad currency, no one will demand it.  Therefore the price will not rise.  Your argument contradicts itself.  
@_date: 2013-03-04 12:50:52
51% attacks are not cost effective.  If it's worth it for one entity to attempt, it is worth it for other entities to attempt.  Which means many entities will be competing to do it.  None of them will succeed because they will all be competing with each other.  Each time a new competitor tries it, the overall hashrate will rise making it more difficult for anyone to attain 51%.
ASICs change nothing.  With GPUs, it was also possible for a rich individual to purchase lots of them and attack the network.  It was not done (or did not succeed) for the same reasons.  This is the way the network is designed to function.  
@_date: 2013-11-10 14:00:11
But why?  The whole point of a blockchain based protocol is that the blockchain is distributed and decentralized.  Is the bank going to open source their altcoin so that anyone can run a node and be a miner?  If not, then the main innovation of cryptocurrency is made moot, because the bank will remain a central point of control / failure just as they are now.  If they ARE going to open source mining, then why wouldn't they just use Bitcoin, with its much more secure hash power and ecosystem already in place?
@_date: 2013-12-16 13:16:20
Article written by a technology lawyer and gives the perspective of actual bitcoiners in China.  Most reasonable commentary I've seen on the situation thus far.
@_date: 2013-10-17 21:33:59
Check out the screenshots.  The malware identifies Bitcoin as "most cheap option" whereas MoneyPak is "USA only"
@_date: 2013-11-11 23:34:34
Your Paypal payments can be reversed up to 45 days later, and if they used a credit card it's more like 180 days later.  So the 'instant confirmation' of Paypal is no such thing.  
Bitpay reportedly has a 0% fraud rate.  That means no Bitpay payment has ever been reversed.  Even taking Bitcoin directly (without using Bitpay) you are very unlikely to be a victim of a double spend after one confirmation.
@_date: 2013-12-18 17:22:32
You need permission from Paypal, your bank, and your family's bank.  What do you think happens when you open a Paypal account?  You are asking permission to use their service.  Paypal's Terms of Service exclude many people and many use cases.  Entire countries are excluded from using Paypal.  No one is excluded from using Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-18 19:16:09
It's only worse if you wait until you need to use the bitcoins to get some.
The right move would have been to buy bitcoins 6 months ago when the black market dollar rate was only 1:6, and bitcoins were trading at 13 USD.
If I were you I'd be buying all the bitcoins I can get my hands on.  The Argentine Peso is expected to continue it's slide.
@_date: 2013-03-24 11:14:21
The professional thing to do.  Well done Bitpay.
@_date: 2013-03-20 17:20:49
My feeling is that it is not necessary for Bitcoin to become THE exclusive currency of the planet to be successful.  Even if it does take on that sort of status someday, it doesn't seem likely to happen in the short to medium term.
Bitcoin is a new thing.  It's (eventual) fixed supply does give it some gold-like properties in the sense that it cannot be arbitrarily inflated or counterfeited.  Unlike gold, Bitcoin can be divided into very, very small amounts and can be sent to anyone over the internet.  This makes it useful for transacting over distance, which is problematic using gold.
If my view, Bitcoin's value rides on the following: it's utility as a means of transacting over the internet without the need for a trusted third party.  Using bitcoins as money, a person can send money to anyone, in any country, in any amount, practically instantly, and practically free.  No one can prevent the transaction, reverse your transaction, or freeze your funds held in a wallet you control.  
Even if Bitcoin exists along side sovereign backed currencies for the foreseeable future, its unique utility makes it highly valuable for transacting over the internet, which existing currencies are bad at.  Unique utility generates demand, demand plus scarcity equals a market price.  How much demand could there be for moving money from point A to point B anywhere on the planet easily and cheaply?  How much commerce happens on the internet today?  How much more could happen without expensive middle men and without arbitrary lines drawn between economies?
In my opinion at this point it would take concerted action by multiple governments to attack Bitcoin by legislating against it.  This would result in either the price crashing or the price skyrocketing, depending on the details.  Law abiding citizens in certain jurisdictions would be excluded which would remove a lot of capital from the system.  But Bitcoin itself would continue to function regardless, either covertly or in friendly jurisdictions, and might even be more highly valued due the higher risk of owning it.
@_date: 2013-03-18 13:26:17
This illustrates the options available for storing and securing your Bitcoin wealth...  that said, this specific example only works well if you don't tell anyone.  I hope Charlie either keeps it in a safe or hires some body guards.
@_date: 2013-04-26 11:46:20
I agree that the consumer's perspective is good to highlight.  As a customer purchasing a mp3 download or an ebook, for example, there is no reason I should have to enter my mailing address or other irrelevant information.  With credit cards, I have to.  With a properly built Bitcoin solution, unnecessary payment friction is eliminated.  This allows consumers to give you money faster.
@_date: 2013-03-17 13:45:47
The original client requires zero trust.  Electrum requires that you trust the server.  Not saying Electrum is bad.  Just be aware that it requires more trust than the Satoshi client.
That said, it does take forever to validate the blockchain.  This will improve in future versions.
@_date: 2013-02-23 21:27:35


I think you mean five months later.
Also, the current price rise is not really comparable to the rise in 2011.  The rise from April 2011 to June 2011 was a 30x rise.  The current rise in the last two months is only a 2x rise.  The current situation is not even close to what happened in 2011.  
@_date: 2013-11-04 18:43:45
You think?  I got sort of the opposite impression.  It seems to me they're trying to make people who buy bitcoins look like they don't know what a stock option is and imply that they don't know what they're doing.  Although maybe they're making fun of both sides.  She does say something along the lines of stock options being theoretical.
@_date: 2013-10-18 13:51:25
You might get more bang for your buck by improving your operational security.  Use NoScript and Linux.  Don't download software or play flash games on the same machine that you store large amounts of Bitcoin on.  Don't plug in strange USB sticks.  Don't open strange emails.
EDIT:  Now I get it, you're saying you're buying more legit copies of software because you're afraid that the pirated versions you've been downloading are trojaned.  Yes, you should be afraid of that.
@_date: 2013-09-26 14:06:07
Today, according the cnbc interview.
@_date: 2013-03-20 19:27:07
Right?  I'm wondering in what context he said this and what the reactions of the other panel members was.  Must have been an interesting moment.  Can't wait for the video.


Thought Leader and CEO Counterparty
Al Gore: Author, Apple Board Member, Former VPOTUS and Nobel Peace Prize Winner
Gary Flood: **President of MasterCard Global Products and Solutions**
CEO Panel
Roger Hochschild: **President of Discover Financial Services**
Karl Mehta: **Former CEO of Visa PlaySpan** and White House Technology Fellow
Gaylon Jowers: Executive Vice President of TSYS
Jeff Jordan: **Andreessen Horowitz partner and former CEO of PayPal**
Russell Simmons: CEO of UniRush
Lisa Stanton: CEO Monitise NA
@_date: 2013-04-26 14:15:22
True, that's why I said 'properly built'.  No doubt some companies want as much information about their customers as possible, and payment solutions like credit cards give them an excuse to demand it. 
But as a customer, I don't like giving up information that is not relevant to my transaction.  It's a waste of my time and does not benefit me.  Bitcoin allows merchants who get this and build their payments process accordingly a competitive advantage, because customers like myself will use them instead of merchants who inexplicably feel they are entitled to information about me that they don't need.
It's not necessarily about anonymity, it's about convenience.  Given a choice between a one-click bitcoin payment and subsequent download, vs a registration process that involves typing in lots of info, why would I ever opt to type in lots of info?  It's not necessary for the transaction.  Just give me my product.
@_date: 2013-12-10 17:27:29
I'm glad to hear you say this.  Downloaded was great and if you treat Bitcoin in a similar way I'm sure this doc will be just as interesting.  
@_date: 2013-12-06 16:06:42


@_date: 2013-05-06 22:02:48
"Its not monopoly money were talking about here"
@_date: 2013-03-21 21:51:49
Looks great to me.  I especially like the enthusiasts page and the breakdown of the different clients.  And the "You need to know" page.
@_date: 2013-02-23 13:18:48
I guess the way I see it is that the whole point of is to post and discuss links about Bitcoin.
Even if some of us know the information already, the fact that a respected tech journal like Ars Technica is writing positive things is the kind of information I like to know about, and I want to make sure people who are just investigating Bitcoin for the first time know about.  
If I come to the reddit and I see lots of links to news articles that say Bitcoin is catching on, I'm more likely to take it seriously than if I don't see those links.  Bitcoin gets a ton of misinformed, negative press, so I think it's only fair to draw as much attention as possible to the informed, positive press.
@_date: 2013-11-11 16:21:44
'Dated' in itself seems like a weak reason.  You can do things with QR codes that you can't do with NFC, like my video conference example.  You can print a QR on anything and accept a bitcoin payment without any electronics whatsoever.  QR codes are just as contactless as NFC.  I like the visual element. 
@_date: 2013-03-07 22:12:08
My meme has been mirrored!  I HAVE ARRIVED
@_date: 2013-04-02 11:36:22
Worth a listen.
Eric Martin (from Reddit): "With most new technolgy it's overrated in the short term and vastly underrated in the long term.  I think digital currency, whether it's Bitcoin or something else, will follow that trend as well."
They also briefly interview the Pizzaforcoins guy.
@_date: 2013-04-03 11:28:52
Agreed.  They are already in locations all over the US, and a lot of the infrastructure Bitcoin would require is built right in.
Coinstar has a history of pivoting and innovation (Redbox, etc).  Bitcoin would be an ideal way to pay for the new Redbox / Verizon streaming movie service.  Imagine paying by scanning a QR code on your TV screen with your phone for an on demand movie.  They could sell Bitcoin for coins and cash at the kiosks and you could use it to pay for the streaming service and your Verizon phone and internet bills.  Those VISA fees that Verizon is so loath to pay on behalf of their customers would be replaced by exchange fees paid to them.
Not that I'm actually expecting that too happen.  But it would be awesome.
Plus the marketing is practically built right in.  Bitcoin / Coinstar?  They're made for each other.
@_date: 2013-03-01 02:23:17
Alternate title:  Bitcoin Skeptic Recants
@_date: 2013-12-06 18:34:37
Yeah, I quoted it more because I thought it was interesting that it gets 5000 downloads a day.  
The Coinpunk web wallet apparently gets around the iphone problem.
@_date: 2013-09-13 01:36:22
Seems like he used his credit card to mail the package.
@_date: 2013-06-20 13:39:58
Anyone wanting to learn how to talk about Bitcoin should listen to this and other interviews with Erik Voorhees.  He is one of the best at explaining how and why Bitcoin is important.
@_date: 2013-02-20 18:28:32
Unless he has a citation, I'm going to say that number is not accurate.
Here is a list of the 410 highest balance Bitcoin wallet addresses:
As you can see, the highest balance in any single wallet is 111,111 BTC, which works out to approximately 1% of the existing number of Bitcoins, or approximately $3.3 million USD. 
@_date: 2013-04-18 13:19:10
No one needs to understand how Bitcoin works in order to use it.  If you can send an email, you can use Bitcoin.
The problem is not that normal people are not experts, and the problem is not that experts have opinions.  
The problem is when a person being represented as an expert in the media makes statements that are false, or otherwise shows a basic lack of understanding about the subject he is supposed to be an expert on.
For example, when a commentator floats the idea that not knowing who invented Bitcoin is a problem because the mysterious inventor could change things at will, that person clearly has no idea what he is talking about.  The distributed, peer to peer, open source nature of Bitcoin makes the way it works fully transparent so that it does not matter who invented it.
Suggesting otherwise is like saying that gold miners could change the chemical makeup of gold at any moment, rendering all existing gold worthless.  It's complete nonsense, and not a valid 'opinion'.
@_date: 2013-05-16 01:17:35
Ripple might turn out to be an interesting system that might compliment Bitcoin.  However, there are a lot of dubious assertions being made about it by both sides.
Eric Voorhees' recent post on bitcointalk sums it up nicely:
@_date: 2013-03-07 22:06:00
You know where they would love this article?  Over at @_date: 2013-03-13 16:20:51
Somewhat true, but it exposes typical netizens to Bitcoin and potentially allows them to see that a person can actually exchange it for dollars and/or spend it on things.  In my opinion it takes a lot of steam out of the 'scam' argument in a quick and easily demonstrable way.
EDIT: added "and/or spend it on things"
@_date: 2013-03-05 17:18:50
The 2011 rise was from less than a dollar to over 30 dollars in eight weeks.  That is a rise of over 30X.
The current rise in the comparable eight week period is only about a 3X rise.  What is happening now is not even close to what happened in 2011.
That said, the only certainty is that nothing is certain.
@_date: 2013-11-24 13:28:06
This is a must watch for anyone who wants to understand the pedigree of Bitcoin.  These guys were inventing tech that would change the world, and everybody thought it was crazy but them.
"His professor rejected the idea as muddled, and a leading scientific journal said it didn't make sense"
Now they're recognized as giants in their field, because the system that "didn't make sense" today enables billions of dollars of internet commerce.  Not to mention other secure communications.  Public key crypto is one of the ideas that makes Bitcoin possible.
@_date: 2013-04-02 17:50:23


Great video.  This is what the financial press is going to look like in a few years.
@_date: 2013-03-15 14:21:42
I noticed that too...
@_date: 2013-10-24 11:33:54
Not a person, but I would argue influential - 
"In short, Western Union spends and earns billions to do what Bitcoin does for free." --National Geographic
@_date: 2013-11-01 13:43:25
If I am interpreting this link correctly, it appears that you can sign transactions from a totally offline machine using the SX suite of tools released by genjix, without having to plug in a USB stick that has first been connected to an online machine.
The way you do this is by manually typing the transaction ID for the output you are spending into the offline machine while viewing it on an online machine. You then transfer the transaction via a previously unused USB from the offline machine to the online machine.  I imagine a cd-r would work just as well.
I think. I don't totally understand everything in the tutorial. Perhaps someone more qualified than I can clarify?
@_date: 2013-02-20 12:16:53
I did not put words in your mouth.  You said 


You put it in bold.  Your argument contradicts itself, and no amount of smearing those who disagree with you as not 'serious' will change it. 
@_date: 2013-10-09 14:33:38


I agree with you there.  Spending or transferring money via the internet is a pretty big niche.
@_date: 2013-02-15 15:29:21
What you describe amounts to pre-payment, and / or Netflix running a Bitcoin online wallet service.  Which is fine, I'm just saying, this is not the same thing as Netflix charging your credit card at will.  They want people to set it and forget it, so even if you aren't watching a lot of Netflix, your credit card is charged automatically anyway.  To them, this is likely to be interpreted as a negative.
@_date: 2013-03-09 13:30:02
Well reasoned.  Eloquently stated.
So does Agorist Metals accept Bitcoin as payment?  I didn't see any logos on their site.  I would think that they would if this is the way Mr. Kokesh feels about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-02-15 15:43:57
Understood.  However I think the fact that IP blocks are also ineffective but Netflix nevertheless uses them somewhat weakens your assumptions.  Credit Card fraud prevention measures are getting more sophisticated (intrusive) all the time.
Also redditor Timbo925 comments above that he is unable to access Netflix without a US credit card.  It doesn't say what country he's from.
@_date: 2013-08-23 13:37:08
Make sure you wipe all the free space on the PC you are selling.  Not just delete the wallet.dat file, but secure wipe the hard drive.  Otherwise it may be possible for someone to recover your wallet.dat.
@_date: 2013-07-30 15:29:49
Interesting, thanks for the details.
Of course, Bitcoin to Bitcoin transactions don't have this problem either.
@_date: 2013-03-13 18:58:27
Another reasonable discussion of Bitcoin in the mainstream media!
We forgive you Bob.
@_date: 2013-08-02 13:00:36
It doesn't work like that.  Mining expenses are in dollars, not bitcoins.
When I was running GPUs, it cost me $85 a month in electricity costs, both before and after the block reward halving.  When the block reward changed from 50 to 25, mining did become less profitable.
But when the price of bitcoin rose, the block reward of 25BTC became more valuable as measured in dollars.  Mining becomes more profitable when the BTC price rises, not less. 
@_date: 2013-10-31 13:34:49


Interestingly, this statement would be provably false with Bitcoin.  There would be no corresponding transaction on the blockchain.
@_date: 2013-11-25 12:36:23
Great article.  


This needs to be pointed out more.  Bitpay has stated that when the Bitcoin price rises, they actually do *more* business, not less.  Anyone who actually holds bitcoins knows that when the price rises, you are tempted to spend at least some of your 'new' money.  At least I am, and I don't think I'm the only one.
@_date: 2013-07-15 13:40:02
Balanced and mostly positive article from a Zimbabwe tech site.  
The about page describes the site:


@_date: 2013-12-10 16:58:55
Second paragraph.


@_date: 2013-11-21 14:25:21
You don't need to convert every price.  Just the total, once, at checkout.  Every holder of BTC has a ballpark idea of what the current price is.


What the customer expects may or may not be relevant.  For example, the New York BBB web site says:


So a merchant that accepts Bitcoin will likely have a written policy that explains that products are priced in dollars and converted at POS, and Bitcoin refunds are dollar amounts converted at the time of refund.
They are accepting Bitcoin.  They are simply choosing to convert some or all of it, relative to the exact amount of exposure they wish to have to the Bitcoin price.  The merchant is in complete control of how much exposure they want to have.  You are also ignoring the fact that merchants who do keep Bitcoins, historically, have profited from this practice.
@_date: 2013-09-21 17:12:58
The Bitcoin Embassy?
@_date: 2013-03-21 20:23:19
I was kind of hoping for ACH transfers to/from my checking. 
@_date: 2013-09-16 23:16:23


@_date: 2013-03-01 00:47:09
Hi Fred, could you explain what the limit is, exactly?  Why is there a limit in place?
@_date: 2013-10-30 11:18:43
Bitcoin is safer for the merchant to accept, in that it cannot be fraudulently 'charged back' after the goods have been delivered.  I think this was the perspective the OP was emphasizing.
Although it is true that you cannot get stolen bitcoins back (just as you cannot get stolen cash back), bitcoins are less likely to be stolen than your credit card number.  Every time you use your credit card, you give away all of the information needed to use your credit card.  That is why payment fraud is a huge problem with credit cards.
Conversely, when you make a Bitcoin payment, you don't give away the information needed to impersonate you.  Your private key never leaves your device.  To have your bitcoins stolen, your device needs to be hacked by an attacker.  If your device has been compromised by an attacker, you have bigger problems than Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-11 12:48:39
It is 100% true.  The car dealer used Bitpay, a Bitcoin payment processor, to automatically convert the bitcoins and deposit dollars in the dealer's bank account.  They accept Bitcoins in the same way a merchant accepts Visa.
By the logic of this article, merchants who accept credit cards for payment do not technically accept credit cards for payment, because a Visa payment processor converts the credit card info into dollars and then deposits them in the merchant's bank account.
@_date: 2013-03-27 20:53:24
Fair enough.  But that's kind of like saying in 1993 that email is not valuable as a means of communication, because not everyone has an email address yet.  The massive world changing potential was there.  Most people just didn't realize it yet.
I guess it's a function of your time horizon.  If you are looking to make a quick buck, you could get burned buying Bitcoin.  If you are making a long term investment in the potential future of money on the internet, it seems to me that Bitcoin's current market cap of &lt; 1 billion has got to be a steal, if it succeeds.  No guarantees of course.  But that's how I see it.
@_date: 2013-10-22 12:11:40
This video should have it's own post!
@_date: 2013-11-07 16:52:09
That's an interesting possibility.  I hadn't thought of that.  
@_date: 2013-11-25 18:30:07
For those that don't know, Alex Winter also directed the documentary "Downloaded" which tells the story of Napster.  It's well done and worth a watch.
@_date: 2013-09-24 15:00:08
Er, after actually reading the article, it's only a temporary trading fee of 0% until October 7th.  The article's title is misleading.  Still, two weeks of free trades!
@_date: 2013-04-18 11:55:42
This wasn't really that bad.  You have to remember Colbert is telling jokes for a living, so of course he's going to go for some cheap laughs.  Meeting some guy in a park to exchange imaginary internet money does sound kind of funny.
Adam Davidson says you have to think about questions like 'what is money'.  He says Bitcoin "is money".  He says it's an 'unbelievably cool' computer program.  He says that NPR doesn't accept it payment 'yet'.  
Even Colbert is not totally bashing Bitcoin.  He mentions the price of gold is also dropping, implying that the price drop does not necessarily indicate failure.  He also emphasizes that people already buy drugs with cash.
I do wish that Davidson would have emphasized the global payment system side of Bitcoin, especially when Colbert asked him questions that would have been answered by explaining it.  You can't send cash over the internet.  
@_date: 2013-07-24 23:36:43
Thanks, didn't know that.  Makes a lot of sense.
Normally the risk of a POS double spend attempt is low, but at a blackhat convention accepting Bitcoin in the registration line might be asking for trouble.
Bitcoin might be a good solution for registering and paying online in advance.  That way there would be plenty of time for confirmations before the actual event.  They could use anonymous confirmation numbers or something.
@_date: 2013-03-17 13:38:29
According to that chart, Bitcoin is bigger than Punk!
@_date: 2013-10-28 10:22:15
I recommend you always test your backup system before you actually need it.
@_date: 2013-03-04 16:03:55
The problem is all other things would NOT be equal.  Who is enforcing this 'backing'?  Why should I trust that they would actually exchange my Bitcoin for gold any more than I would trust a person to sell me gold for Bitcoin today?  
What is the incentive of the 'backer' to exchange gold for Bitcoins that anyone doesn't already have today to exchange gold for Bitcoins?
@_date: 2013-10-14 15:17:25
I understand his argument but I disagree that it is valid.  What difference does it make what unit the transactors are 'thinking' in?
The price of a loaf of bread is whatever the transactors agree that it is.  If we agree the price is .02 BTC, then that is the price.  The fact that the sign on the bread says $3 is irrelevant.  If we agree the price is to be paid in a given amount of Bitcoin, how is that a problem?  The 'exchange rate' is just what the last person agreed to pay, exactly as we are agreeing to pay.  Bitcoin is not reliant on exchange rates.  Exchange rates simply document the transactions that have already occurred.  


But the price of bread is not necessarily constant as measured in dollars.  So $5 may be $5, but there is not necessarily any relation to the price of bread.  So what does a consumer really 'know'?  The asking price for bread as measured in dollars could rise or fall at any time.  The price of bread is whatever the transactors agree it is.  It's no different when transacting using Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-05 18:43:36
Article is actually pretty positive.
@_date: 2013-03-12 14:09:19


The devs don't have any power when it comes to enforcement.  The Bitcoin network follows the longest chain which is roughly analogous to 51% or more of the hashing power.  The miners essentially vote with their hashing power.
What the devs did last night was make a recommendation.  The recommendation was that it was probably best for the network if the miners temporarily reverted back to 0.7.  Miners then did this VOLUNTARILY.  This is a key distinction.  The reversion to 0.7 was a voluntary move by each individual miner.  They could have chosen not to do it.  The devs have zero power beyond the respect that they have earned.


The Bitcoin source code is open, meaning anyone can read the code.  Changes are seen by everyone.  This makes is highly improbable (nearly impossible) to insert a back door unnoticed.


The 'core' developers of the Satoshi client are listed on bitcoin.org.  However if you read the release notes of each version, you will see that there are actually many more who contribute code.  Additionally, there are other developers who have written their own Bitcoin clients from scratch, like Electrum and Multibit.  Literally anyone can contribute to Bitcoin development, just like other open source software projects.
@_date: 2013-10-31 07:29:58
Well done!
@_date: 2013-10-13 17:39:30
This makes sense for any budget conscious local government.  Like anyone, they could save a ton of money on credit card fees.
I believe there was a company that provided software for local governments that was working on integrating Bitcoin.
Found it: 
@_date: 2013-06-20 19:10:46
Right, but if the exchange were an established PM exchange, like GoldMoney, that already has relationships with it's banks unrelated to Bitcoin, doing business with them would not raise as many red flags.  Hopefully.
Your bank would not see you sending money to BitcoinsRus, instead they would see something like BullionVault which they are likely to consider more 'normal' and benign.  Once your dollars are transferred, your bank would not necessarily know if you were trading gold, silver, or Bitcoin, so it would harder for them to discriminate without a lot of collateral damage.
@_date: 2013-08-19 19:22:01
Wifi cafe with one of these + Bitcoin ATM = win
@_date: 2013-11-06 12:49:12


That's easy.  I'll give you my standard answer.  With legacy money and payment systems like banks and paypal, people cannot send their own money at will over the internet.  To send money you have to ask permission, pay fees, wait a long time, and even then there will be restrictions on how much you can send and to whom you can send (paypal and creidt cards do not work in many countries, etc).
If a person chooses to use bitcoins as money, he can now send money anywhere in the world over the internet.  He can send money to any person, in any country, in any amount, practically instantly and practically free, and he doesn't need permission from a centralized third party like paypal or a bank.  A person who uses bitcoins as money is in complete control of his money.  He doesn't need a bank account or a credit score, and it doesn't matter what country he lives in or whether or not he was born there.
Currently, many people in the world are unable to transact easily online because of a lack of access to banking infrastructure.  Bitcoin allows literally anyone on the internet to transact and engage in commerce on equal footing.  
@_date: 2013-10-17 19:25:10
Understood, but there is no specific centralized intermediary analogous to a bank that holds your money and can unilaterally veto your transaction.  
To use your example, SatoshiDice works just fine.  It is unaffected by the miners that refuse to process it's transactions, because literally anyone on the internet in any country can be a miner and include transactions in blocks, and they do.  The users of SatoshiDice don't know or care about those certain miners who decline to process their transactions.  It just works.
If you assume a world in which the majority of miners are colluding against you, then we are in 51% attack territory.  
@_date: 2013-10-06 23:01:31
Great show.  Explains just how arcane the bank money transfer system in the US is.  And by extension (although the show doesn't mention it), why Bitcoin is so awesome.
I'm kind of surprised none of the hosts made the connection.  They've done at least two shows on Bitcoin in the past.
@_date: 2013-03-07 12:54:43
Relatively reasonable article about Bitcoin that outlines the various different perspectives on it without being overly subjective.
This is good and I hope we get more reporting like it.
@_date: 2013-10-19 14:28:22
"Tech professionals" who said the price of Bitcoin would trend upwards in the long term have been right.  Critics who said the price of Bitcoin would go to zero or near zero, including most economists, have been wrong.  
@_date: 2013-02-15 18:28:30
Welcome!  I have not personally used it, but the below exchange is often mentioned as a good way for Canadians to acquire Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-09 22:55:22
Agreed.  In a mixed payment scenario, you end up getting a situation in which 0% of the Bitcoin payments are fraudulent, and greater than 0% of the credit card payments are fraudulent.  It will be in the interests of the vendor to promote the Bitcoin payment method.
Any vendor who successfully convinces its customers to use Bitcoin and stops accepting credit cards completely eliminates fraudulent payments.  That means that the credit card scammers will be more highly concentrated on the remaining credit card accepting vendors.  This will raise the fraud rate for vendors who still accept credit cards, giving them increasing incentive to promote Bitcoin payments so they can be chargeback free as well.
It's just a matter of time.  
@_date: 2013-11-01 13:57:20
Article is an insightful piece by Jerry Brito.  
@_date: 2013-05-07 17:30:53
You are correct sir.  Can't send a dollar or a gold bar over the internet.
@_date: 2013-10-25 20:18:20
Good interview with Dr. George Selgin, Professor of Economics at University of Georgia.  
@_date: 2013-02-24 14:09:19
Why do you assume they will not?  Is my local pizza shop going to pay taxes on the five dollar bill I just handed them?
@_date: 2013-07-20 13:37:09
You can buy $10 million on MtGox right now, if you don't mind knocking the price up to $150.
Tradehill is where I would start.  Providing liquidity for large purchases is the service they advertise.  I imagine that basically means they have access to parties with large Bitcoin holdings that may or may not be for sale on the wider market.  
@_date: 2013-10-09 23:38:26
There is no central control.  More than 50% of the miners have to agree to rollback the blockchain.  In those two instances, it was more or less unanimously agreed that a rollback was necessary to deal with those major bugs and that it was in the best interests of everyone to do so.
If someone were to propose a rollback or change that was controversial, it would be unlikely to succeed, since they would have to convince more than 50% of the miners to adopt their proposed change.  
@_date: 2013-03-11 14:24:14
There is no "Gold and Silver vs. Bitcoin".  Do not allow your opponent to frame the argument this way.
No one has to give up Gold and Silver to use Bitcoin.  You don't have to choose one or the other.  Metals are good for some applications, Bitcoin is good for other applications.  You can do both.
@_date: 2013-03-05 18:26:05
Investors include Ben Davenport, former Google employee and current Facebook employee, and Ashton Kutcher's VC firm A-Grade Investments.
@_date: 2013-11-07 13:41:14
Must watch!  Fantastic interview.  Measured description of some of the reasons that Bitcoin is significant.  Apparently posted by the Official IBM Banking Industry Channel.
@_date: 2013-03-13 19:31:42
"Their own" competitors would not be decentralized and would not be limited in supply.  So, nothing like Bitcoin.  
To the extent that they are like Bitcoin, they offer no advantages over Bitcoin.  
Nothing controlled by a government or company can ever be Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-20 13:54:28
Agreed, payment processors definitely offer a valuable service as of today.  
It's just that, in theory, anyone can accept bitcoins without them.  That's one of the core precepts of Bitcoin, is that you don't need someone else to accept payment for you.  You have the option of doing it yourself, if you want to.  Bitpay and the like do smooth the process considerably though, especially if you want to convert to dollars immediately.
@_date: 2013-03-07 21:33:40


No offense, but this statement is completely false.  It used to be true, but it hasn't been true for 40 years.  Please research the Nixon Shock, Bretton Woods and the US Gold Standard.  President Nixon completely decoupled the US Dollar from gold in 1971.  There is no collateral 'backing' the US Dollar.  It operates on 100% faith that the government will accept it in payment for taxes. 
Once again, Bitcoin is not 'backed' by the dollar or any other collateral.  It has value due to it's unique properties as a digital currency and payment system.
@_date: 2013-11-26 18:19:27
There seems to be no shortage of commentators who heard about Bitcoin last week and think they're experts on why it can never work.
If Bitcoin were reversible, you wouldn't be writing about it because you never would have heard about it because the price never would have risen because it would be no different than paypal so no one would value it.
Bitcoin is valuable because it's like cash, but on the internet.  Cash is irreversible.  Yes you have to be careful with it.  Just like cash.
The only way to make Bitcoin reversible is to designate a central authority who can control your money.  You don't want anyone else controlling your money.  With Bitcoin, you control your own money.  That's the whole point of it.
Reversibility sounds great, until someone reverses a payment *sent to you*.
@_date: 2013-12-20 13:28:24
Great article by Ed Moy.  Possibly one of the most accredited commentators to take Bitcoin seriously.  From his bio:






@_date: 2013-10-31 13:41:54
No prob.  The reason it's often less than ten minutes currently is because a lot of new hash power is coming online as ASIC mining machines are delivered.  The way the network knows to adjust the difficulty is by measuring the time between the last 2016 blocks generated.  If it's less than 10 minutes per block, the difficulty rises.
If you haven't already, you might want to check out the Bitcoin Wiki:
It has a lot of great info about this stuff.
@_date: 2013-03-20 02:26:14
For those who don't know - Hal Finney is a cryptographer who worked on the original PGP implementation.  He was the recipient of the first Bitcoin transaction (sent by Satoshi) in 2009.
@_date: 2013-11-27 18:30:39
Internet domain names are controlled by an entity domiciled in the US.  The US government can commandeer most domain names at will.  Some top level domains are controlled by other countries.
The exchanges are not 'Bitcoin', however.  Exchanges are just websites that let you trade bitcoins.  Bitcoin itself is a peer to peer system with no central servers, so there is no one place a government can target to stop bitcoin to bitcoin transactions.  Bitcoin software could easily be distributed via torrents and the like, and bitcoins can even be exchanged in person for cash.
That said, if they were to launch an all out attack on Bitcoin ala the drug war, it would make using Bitcoin difficult as well as risky for most people, at least those in the US jurisdiction.  Other countries, like China, may or may not be effected in the same way depending on how seriously their governments took the US action.
@_date: 2013-10-28 10:24:04
This is awesome!  Both in concept, and because it would be difficult or impossible to do with legacy payment systems.  
@_date: 2013-03-27 15:52:21
The more individual miners, the more resistant the network is to attack.  So yes, it is in the interest of every Bitcoin user to mine.  
@_date: 2013-02-14 22:29:14
I really like the explanation they gave for it.  They really highlight some of the strengths of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-06-21 12:03:17
I have purchased from goldsilverbitcoin.com.  First order was received quickly, the second order not so quickly but I did receive it.  Customer service was very responsive.  No major complaints.
@_date: 2013-03-07 18:01:11
So... can someone explain what the significance of a site being a member of the iPoker network exactly means?
Does this mean that a user can go to winpoker, fund with Bitcoin, and then play poker against other players of other sites in the iPoker network?
If it does, it seems like kind of a big deal to me.  
EDIT: for typo and clarity
@_date: 2013-03-08 00:27:23
Gah!  Sorry, I think the tip bot hates me
@_date: 2013-11-02 16:24:48
I like how he talks about Bitcoin as if its benefits should be obvious to all.  "And of course, you know the big one, Bitcoin..."
@_date: 2013-11-09 11:41:20
Exactly.  And the April post 'crash' low was still higher than the 2011 'bubble' peak.  If only someone had tried to tell them...
Oh yeah, I did:
@_date: 2013-10-28 10:16:15
"Bitcoins have known legitimate uses" - FBI.gov
@_date: 2013-07-28 22:38:13
I created this account to talk about Bitcoin.  I don't have a 'stake' per se, though I do own a handful of bitcoins that I've mined.  
Like many who learn about Bitcoin, I've become fascinated by it, and believe it is an important invention that has the potential to change the way online commerce is transacted on a global scale.  
Since Bitcoin is new and so different from anything that has existed before, there are a lot of misconceptions about it.  So when people ask questions that I know the answers to, I try to help out.  
@_date: 2013-11-29 18:23:02
One litecoin is currently worth 0.033 bitcoins. 
@_date: 2013-04-25 13:31:45
This is fantastic.  Online tutoring is a natural service for Bitcoin payment.  
@_date: 2013-10-30 14:39:50


@_date: 2013-12-10 02:45:06


Impossible.  No centralized network could be competition for Bitcoin.  The entire point of Bitcoin is that the money issuance and the ledger are decentralized so no party can manipulate them at will.  Chase will have full control over the ledger and the 'virtual cash' issuance in their centralized solution.


You mean pay anyone in the USA that Chase allows you to pay within the limits that Chase decrees.


Private meaning only you and the bank have access... as opposed to a Bitcoin private key, to which *only you* have access.


That will not happen in practice.  Since the ledger is not decentralized, Chase will have the ability to reverse transactions and there is nothing stopping them from doing so in the name of consumer protection.


Nope.  Bitcoin is a new paradigm.  This is just another idea for faster EFT like they already have in England.
@_date: 2013-02-14 22:40:48
Correct. To be clear, I was referring to Timothy B Lee in my comment above.
@_date: 2013-12-10 13:34:47
There is no spin required.  Apple would benefit for the same reasons anyone else would benefit from adopting Bitcoin.  Bitcoin would allow Apple to accept bitcoin payments from the people of every country in the world, cheaper than credit cards, without chargeback risk.  The more people have access to bitcoins via Apple devices, the sooner they can benefit from the technology.
@_date: 2013-11-05 12:19:12
This info really needs to be more widely understood by users in general.


In my opinion, this is likely how the FBI seized DPR's coins.
@_date: 2013-03-01 12:57:00
I like to think of it like the rules of a game.  Let's say chess.
If you and I are playing chess, we both have agreed to play by the rules of chess.  You are an autonomous person who knows the rules of chess.  I am autonomous person who knows the rules of chess.  If I try to magically change my knight into a queen, you are not going to accept my move, because it violates the rules of chess.
It doesn't matter if I am the inventor of chess.  I still cannot break the rules at will, because if I do, my move will be considered invalid and no one will agree to play chess with me.
Bitcoin is a protocol, which is just another name for a set of rules.  Our open source Bitcoin clients all know the Bitcoin rules.  If anyone tries to break the rules, their transactions will be rejected by the other players.
The above applies to the Bitcoin protocol proper.  The exchanges are websites that a person gives temporary control of their Bitcoins in order to exchange them for fiat.  Exchanges are not 'Bitcoin'.  It is possible for exchanges to cheat in various ways.  There is a level of risk in using an exchange website.
@_date: 2013-09-25 13:58:02


?!?!  This part is not true.  
@_date: 2013-04-26 16:09:16
I think it's safe to say he was exaggerating for comic effect.  At least, I laughed.
@_date: 2013-07-24 20:01:24
What kind of backward logic does it take to confuse a person selling computer hardware with a money services business?
Will they forbid selling GPUs as well?  I heard you can mine bitcoins with those...
@_date: 2013-03-07 21:13:26
The reality is that governments do NOT have collateral to backup their currencies.  That has not been true since 1971.
Bitcoin is backed by nothing, in the same way that gold is backed by nothing.  Gold is valuable because of it's useful properties.  Bitcoin is useful because it is the only way to send money over the internet with no third party such as paypal or a bank in between.  This cannot be done with dollars or any other currency.  Bitcoin's value is due to its unique properties and it's limited supply.
Governments did not invent currency.  Gold and Silver were currencies long before governments started stamping coins with pictures of themselves.  You are correct that no law mandates acceptance of Bitcoin.  Merchants and individuals choose to use it voluntarily because of the unique properties that give it value.  Bitcoin is money that has emerged from the free market system.
@_date: 2013-08-02 15:27:26
Deep Packet Inspection (DPI) technology exists that could be configured to interfere with the Bitcoin protocol.  
If this happened because of some future legal mandate, some individuals would stop using Bitcoin in that jurisdiction.  Other individuals in that jurisdiction running Bitcoin nodes would probably switch to running over VPNs, TOR, or other encrypted channels to avoid being detected by DPI.
If a jurisdiction were to outlaw all encrypted communications like VPNs or TOR (Iran has reportedly done this), it would be very difficult to use Bitcoin.  In that scenario, you are looking at having to create a wireless mesh network separate from the public internet or use some other out of band solution.
Would government mandated aggressive use of DPI 'kill' bitcoin totally by stopping every single transaction?  Probably not.  Would it 'disrupt' the economy in that jurisdiction?  Definitely.
@_date: 2013-03-18 19:54:18
It is true that normally difficulty tends to follow price, but the GPU to ASIC paradigm shift will cause the difficulty to skyrocket in the short term even if the price stays stable.  
@_date: 2013-10-07 19:42:38
Epic.  I've been wondering what Stephenson thinks of the whole phenomenon.  It'd be cool if someone did an interview with him on the subject of Bitcoins and money in general.
@_date: 2013-03-07 23:19:23
That could be a concern.  I think the conventional wisdom of diversification comes into play.  It's not required, recommended or advisable for an individual or a company to have 100 percent of their assets in Bitcoin at this time.  Or ever, really.  Diversification is always wise.
Even so I don't think it's likely for a new currency to spring up and out-compete ("crash") Bitcoin overnight.  Acceptance and infrastructure would take time to develop, just as it has with Bitcoin.  There would be time to evaluate the situation.
No asset or currency is risk free.  The dollar is guaranteed to devalue consistently over time.  Real Estate can and has crashed.  Stock markets can and have crashed.  Precious metals can crash.  Even governments can fail and have failed to honor their obligations.  Bitcoin is not magic.  But it is a unique technology that serves a useful purpose that no other technology currently serves.
@_date: 2013-04-02 11:15:48
You don't 'know' that the price will be higher two weeks later.  
Unless you can see the future, in which case you don't care because you're already a zillionaire.
@_date: 2013-02-16 19:51:00
If this is real, it's awesome!  Details?
@_date: 2013-03-11 15:06:48
Voorhees is not a salesman.  That's what I like about him.  He's a logical thinker.  He makes the important points and he doesn't let his opponent frame the argument incorrectly.
I would take a dispassionate logical description of why Bitcoin is useful over breathless Bruce Wagner style hyperbole any day.  One of the main reasons the ponzi scheme accusation is so prevalent is because Bitcoin enthusiasts tend to be very excited and it makes it sound scammy.
I'm not sure what level of description you are expecting him to give.  The details of Bitcoin are complicated.  He's not going to read them the source code or the Bitcoin whitepaper.
Granted everyone has a different style and each individual responds differently based on their own temperament.  The recent CBT Nuggets videos are an example of a more salesman-like take.
If you think the job could be done better, make your own presentation and submit the link.  I agree with you that there is plenty of room for more and better explanations.
@_date: 2013-04-12 12:34:48
I've been around for more than a few weeks, but I can offer you this perspective:  If you had invested at the 2011 peak and held, you would be up over 75% as of this moment, in less than two years.  That's about 31% per annum.
If we assume that you were investing monthly since then using a dollar cost averaging strategy, you would have done significantly better.
Three days ago, investors were buying $100,000 lots at over $200/BTC.  What's changed since then?  Nothing.  Bitcoin is still a paradigm shattering peer to peer internet payment system the like of which the world has never seen.  These are the days people will look back on and say they wish they had known about Bitcoin when it was cheap.
Newbies always say they wish they had known about Bitcoin when it was at $2 so they could have bought in.  But chances are they wouldn't have, for the same reason people are not buying now.  Because people are trading on fear instead of on Bitcoin's value as a payment system that enables unshackled global commerce.  Because people who don't understand Bitcoin are saying the dollar price crash means that Bitcoin has failed.  This was not true in November 2011, and it's not true now.  
@_date: 2013-03-13 12:54:17
Duplicate addresses are extremely unlikely as other posters have noted.
If you are worried about it anyway, spread your funds into different wallets so that in case of an extremely unlikely duplicated address, you risk only a fraction of your funds.
@_date: 2013-03-05 02:35:16
Spotify and other all-digital services are a perfect fit for payment with Bitcoin.
On a related note, Shakil Khan, investor and former head of special projects at Spotify, recently invested in Bitpay.
@_date: 2013-07-10 12:03:19
Nice research.
It's probably safe to assume that a significant number of miners currently shutting down unprofitable GPUs will be back in the game once BFL ships and miners receive their more efficient ASICs.
@_date: 2013-07-03 19:16:49
The more they tighten their grip, the more star systems will slip through their fingers
@_date: 2013-03-17 12:50:16
I like this comment from the HN discussion:




@_date: 2013-12-11 22:29:20
I believe this is the one:
@_date: 2013-10-04 11:35:21
It's almost as if the Bloomberg panel is unaware that the price of oil, gold, wheat, etc, is not 'stable' either but is set by the market.  
At least Chilton knows Bitcoin is not a Ponzi scheme.
@_date: 2013-07-30 12:39:40
Actually, it says right on the Coinbase homepage:


That said, you have to realize that the only reason the delay is necessary is because you are interfacing with the legacy banking system and it's reversible payment mechanisms.  
If you buy bitcoins by handing someone cash, they can send you bitcoins instantly (or approximately 10 minutes if you want to wait for a confirmation).
Bitcoin is fast.  Banks are slow.  This is one of the reasons Bitcoin rocks.
@_date: 2013-10-10 18:25:22
Good luck sending that goat over the internet.
@_date: 2013-12-10 02:55:57
I can confirm ACH withdrawal works. 
@_date: 2013-03-13 03:25:48
The important concepts here are plausible deniability and reasonable doubt.
Yes, the transactions are visible between addresses.  It is possible to infer connections between different addresses controlled by the same wallet.  However, if after you receive coins from a person, you then send those coins to a separate wallet also controlled by you, who is to say that the wallet you sent the coins to isn't owned by another person?  Sending coins to a wallet you own looks the same as you sending coins to someone else as payment.  An observer might suspect you own the destination wallet, but can they prove it?
@_date: 2013-03-11 13:03:23
The correct combination of services would be a Bitcoin only Intrade clone running over Tor.
Or in a friendly jurisdiction.  But Tor is the eventual end game.
@_date: 2013-09-04 11:49:22
What you say is true from the perspective of today, but it is not true at all points on the chart.
For example, if you change your statement from buying bitcoins "at the beginning of 2011" to "June 2011", it changes the result considerably.  People who bought bitcoins in the June 2011 bubble were in the red for a year and a half.  People who bought GPUs in June 2011 mined more bitcoins over time than they could have bought with the same dollars in June 2011.
Also, the then future exponential price rise was not at all obvious to anyone in the beginning of 2011.  Conversely, everyone buying bitcoins outright in June 2011 thought they were going straight to the moon, but the opposite happened (in the short term).  That's my point, is that we simply don't know what is going to happen tomorrow.  Often, the actual results are different from what appears obvious at the time.
Of course mining does not prevent an individual from also buying and holding bitcoins.  I agree that a buy and hold strategy is likely to pay off long term, and is certainly simpler than mining for the average person.  
@_date: 2013-08-29 23:34:10
I eagerly await the release of the Brettcoin source code so I can verify how awesome it is.
I wonder if Brett knows that the founder of Dreamhost was at Bitcoin 2013 in San Jose and now is associated with Chunkhost, a VPS that accepts bitcoins for payment?
@_date: 2013-03-07 20:05:50
Additionally here:
and here:
@_date: 2013-02-22 00:02:08
I don't see this as a problem.  Why do you assume anyone is trying to evade taxes?  In my example, we are not trying to circumvent any law.  We are simply engaging in commerce in a way that does not require permission from any third party money transfer service.  This cannot be done with Paypal, or any solution that is not Bitcoin.