@_author: plutonic8
@_date: 2017-11-27 21:28:34
The thing is it isn't even just money. You could convert all your money into stable goods instead and get rid of liquid cash altogether. It would still have a chance of crashing. Acknowledging that everything's value *can* crash should not be used to justify only taking high risk investments. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 22:17:16
It's fine to keep bitcoins, but failing to acknowledge that there is a much higher than usual risk for your form of currency crashing hard would be very dangerous for you. 
Some forms of investment (yes including currency) are safer than others. Some of the safest being investing in either the global or US markets as a whole so that way the entire market has to crash to lose money. Others are higher risk, such as buying individual company stocks or an unstable currency (ie bitcoin or Turkey's currency). So long as you see it as a risky investment rather than a stable way of saving for the future you're understanding investment.
@_date: 2017-11-27 12:16:01
Okay seriously wtf is this nonsense. 
The guy you responded to said "How is this not a bubble?" 
What he meant was "This looks like a form of investment that will grow for time and then unpredictably crash, suggesting a **HIGHER THAN USUAL** risk". 
What you responded with was "THE VALUE OF MONEY COMES WITH RISK". This is true but also completely irrelevant to the point he was trying to make. 
The amount of risk that comes with holding money in relatively stable liquid form versus a high risk bubble is night and day. If you believe that investing in bitcoins is no riskier than anything else just because "hur dur everything has risk" then you should reevaluate the way in which you invest. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 21:26:44
Okay replace "liquid" with "relatively common and stable standard currency". Does it make sense to you now that I cleared that up?
@_date: 2017-11-28 03:16:38
Yea but you can't escape that just by switching to goods either. If you reinvest all your money into shovels it could be that the shovel market itself crashes and you lose all the trading power you had. 
Acknowledging that "everything is a bubble" doesn't mean that some investments / forms of currency aren't significantly more risky than others. Bitcoin is an example of a high risk investment- especially when compared with something like investing in the US stock markets as a whole or something. 