@_author: pm_me_hkt_puffies
@_date: 2017-11-25 09:49:33
Yep, reddit getting all Judgey about fat again.
My GFs family are all thin. They eat crap, don’t excercise, and all have health issues. Diabetes, depression, skin issues, asthma, late life developed allergies, alopecia etc. Plus they all seem to die at around their early 70s.
They’re skinny, I’m not, yet according to you I’m the unhealthy one?
Not that you’d know it from reddit and the media, there’s a whole range of shit that makes you unhealthy, *most of it* unrelated to how much body fat you carry.
It’s an unpopular fact, I understand that.
@_date: 2017-11-25 10:54:25
And I’m saying it’s fine. Fat itself is not unhealthy.
I’ll qualify that.
Everyone carries fat to a degree. Our bodies are designed to eke out whatever fat it can and store it. Doing that is abnormal function. Bodies that don’t do it very well are less healthy than bodies that do (my gfs family), and that leads to further health issues. Fat is not just an energy store, its also a store of trace elements, vitamins etc and provides them to the body when out-of-season nutrients are no longer in the diet.
Fat is the bodies pagefile/swap drive. 
In excess fat can be bad. I’m partially subscribed to the cholesterol/heart attack thing but I think there are other more important influences than fat. Stress is a good example.
Fat in excess to the point where you can’t touch your toes, run 100yds, [become one with the sofa]( or can’t function as a normal human being, I’d agree with you, that’s not healthy. A lifestyle change is needed.
I really want to get people away from the whole “All fat is bad” thing because that’s really not the case. It’s the same as saying “All alcohol is bad” which also isn’t the case. An excess of either is bad. Nothing in life is as black and white as that. There is nothing unhealthy with a muffin top. In fact it displays an efficient digestive system.
So some fat is fine, it’s actually healthier (on the whole) than a six pack. It’s healthier than overloading our digestive systems with protein shakes and vitamin drinks. Our bodies require a varied diet, including some fat.
Fat in moderation should be part of our diet.
@_date: 2017-11-25 10:55:10
You’re lucky!!
@_date: 2017-11-25 09:27:22
I’m a foodie, and I’m happy not being skinny.
I’m also perfectly happy not to try and meet other people’s expectations of “healthy”.
So I’m 53, overweight, and extremely happy.
I have a job I love. I have a fantastic family.
I can run 100yds in 13 seconds, and caught a skinny burglar running down my street.
I can not only touch my toes, I can put my hands flat on the floor. I can do the splits in both directions. I can walk on my hands. I can do 8 proper pull-ups, I can (and have done) the UKs great north run.
I don’t smoke, enjoy the occasional beer, I eat healthily (very mixed range of foods). Both my grandparents lived to 105, and my dad is 96 and working/driving/doing sports. 
I’m gonna outlive all you skinny bois.
@_date: 2017-11-25 09:39:11
I had to design a seat for the Bentley Continental. Their regular front seats are designed to cope with 6’6” fat guy, but we were getting basketball players at 6’8” and up, so it was a much skinnier seat, set lower to the rails.
It’s also much much better designed and built than the range-rover. (I’ve worked on both).
@_date: 2017-11-25 09:33:16
I fucking love ceviche. I’ve been to Peru 5 times now and I’m kinda getting to the point where (food wise) it’s coming a very close second to France.
The French pip it on the wine though. French &gt; Chilean.
Peruvian food though is getting better and better.
